SI.com DETROIT (Ticker) -- A rocky first inning was too much for Denny Bautista to overcome in his first major league start. Craig Monroe had an RBI single in a three-run first inning and added a solo homer off Bautista 
Braves 3, Phillies 1 Replacement starter Travis Smith pitched five solid innings, Andruw Jones homered again and the Atlanta Braves buried Philadelphia a little deeper in the NL East, beating the Phillies 3-1 on Monday.
Hockey: Finland Squeeze by Spirited Germany 2-1 A late goal by Mikko Eloranta helped Finland scrape past Germany 2-1 Monday in their World Cup Ice hockey quarter-final, sending the Finns to the semi-finals in North America later this week.
Russia, Israel Agree on Anti-Terror Union Russia #39;s foreign minister welcomed Israel #39;s offer of help in combating militant groups on Monday, saying Russia needs to be more effective in fighting terror after last week #39;s deadly hostage school standoff.
Finland escapes with quarter-final win CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Mikko Eloranta #39;s goal late in the third period helped Finland prevent an embarrassing quarter-final loss to Germany in World Cup play in Helsinki on Monday.
Button confident of Williams move Motorsport.com. The Jenson Button/BAR/Williams saga is still rolling on and Williams has now lodged its contract with Button with the Contract Recognition Board (CRB) in regard to the 2005 season and beyond.
African Union to hoist 'Help Wanted' sign at poverty summit (AFP) AFP - How to create sustainable employment for impoverished, mostly illiterate African populations residing primarily in rural areas is the challenge the African Union aims to tackle at a summit opening Wednesday in Burkina Faso.
Group plans repeat of Kon-Tiki voyage OSLO: Nearly 60 years after Norwegian adventurer Thor Heyerdahl and five others crossed the Pacific on their Kon-Tiki raft, six men will attempt to redo the feat next year, the head of the expedition said on Monday.
Maths breakthrough for reclusive Russian? Exeter - A reclusive Russian may have solved one of the world #39;s toughest mathematics problems and stands to win \$1-million (almost R7-million) - but he doesn #39;t appear to care.
Microsoft says Linux may mean price cuts Microsoft has filed a report with the US Securities and Exchange Commission warning that 2005 could be challenging, as Linux continues to steal business and PC sales remain sluggish.
Where #39;s the Music? All Nick Freer wants is his digital music, and he #39;s even willing to pay for it. When the Hong Kong-based client-services director bought an iPod, it came with software to link with iTunes, Apple Computer #39;s 
Tigers 7, Royals 3 Craig Monroe homered and Omar Infante drove in three runs to back Wil Ledezma #39;s six strong innings in the Detroit Tigers #39; 7-3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Monday.
Russia #39;s Grief, Putin #39;s Solutions The many atrocities they experienced during the Soviet era of the 20th century did not prepare Russians for last Friday #39;s tragic loss of hundreds of schoolchildren and others during a hostage-taking.
Sudan Talks in Nigeria Said Deadlocked After two weeks of talks to end the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, government and rebel negotiators remain far apart on key security issues, including disarming warring factions, rebels and diplomats said on Monday.
Giants Starting Over With New Coach (AP) AP - Tom Coughlin's first season with the New York Giants might be very similar to his start with the expansion Jacksonville Jaguars.
China Vows Tougher Penalties for Web Porn (AP) AP - Chinese makers and distributors of pornographic materials sent through the Internet, mobile phones and other communication devices will face penalties as severe as life in prison under new rules that take effect Monday.
Finland Beats Germany 2-1 in Cup Play (AP) AP - Mikko Eloranta tipped a shot past Olaf Kolzig with 3:22 left, lifting Finland to a 2-1 win over Germany on Monday and into semifinals of the World Cup of Hockey.
Agassi Sets Up Federer Showdown at U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sixth seed Andre Agassi set up a  mouthwatering quarter-final showdown with world number one  Roger Federer following a 6-3, 6-2, 6-2 win over Armenia's  Sargis Sargsian at the U.S. Open Monday.
Henman in Quarters as Kiefer Retires  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tim Henman reached his first U.S. Open  quarter-final Monday when German opponent Nicolas Kiefer  retired in the fifth set of their fourth round match.
A Look at Presidential Polls (AP) AP - Results of recent polls on the presidential race. Listed above each set of results is the name of the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether it was adults, registered voters (RV) or likely voters (LV) and the margin of error (MoE). Results might not total 100 percent because of rounding.
Israeli Tanks Shell Gaza Town-Palestinian Sources  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks battling Palestinian gunmen  shelled a town in the central Gaza Strip early on Tuesday,  Palestinian security sources said.
U.S. Tanks Pound Rebel-Held Iraqi Town - Witnesses  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. tanks pounded targets in the  rebel-held Sunni Muslim town of Falluja west of Baghdad on  Tuesday and U.S. warplanes could be seen flying overhead,  witnesses said.
Al Qaeda among the Chechens As Russians bury their dead, officials look at terrorist links to Chechen rebels.
Russian school siege: A survivor's tale One rescued hostage details what happened during the 53-hour ordeal.
Tennis: Agassi rolls on American Andre Agassi defeats Sargis Sargisan to reach the quarter-finals of the US Open.
Maradona 'can be treated abroad' Former football star Diego Maradona can return to Cuba for drug rehabilitation, his lawyer says.
Kerry Slams 'Wrong War in the Wrong Place' WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry accused President Bush on Monday of sending U.S. troops to the "wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said he'd try to bring them all home in four years...
Clinton Has Successful Quadruple Bypass NEW YORK - Bill Clinton underwent a successful quadruple heart bypass operation Monday to relieve severely clogged arteries that had put the former president at high risk of suffering a heart attack.   "He is recovering normally at this point," said Dr...
CBA poised to move into China THE Commonwealth Bank is set to become the first Australian financial institution to enter mainland China #39;s commercial and retail banking sector.
Kon Tiki Returns To The Sea Nearly 60 years after Thor Heyerdahl sailed his Kon-Tiki balsa raft across the Pacific to prove a theory about ancient mariners, a team that includes his grandson plans to recreate the 101-day epic voyage - although the craft will have solar panels 
Reclusive Russian May Have Made Maths Breakthrough A reclusive Russian may have solved one of the world #39;s toughest mathematics problems and stands to win \$1 million -- but he doesn #39;t appear to care.
Spyware interferes with Microsoft patch Though Microsoft Corp. #39;s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can #39;t do much about what #39;s already on computers -- and that could pose a problem.
China may stage part of Olympics in Hong Kong CHINA intends to make Olympic history by staging part of the 2008 Beijing Games outside its own territory. Top officials have suggested sending Olympians three hours by plane from the Olympic village on the 
Stripped down Longhorn still offers gems Although Microsoft's Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some other key  technologies, the company said the next Windows release will still be worth the upgrade.
Oracle apps upgrade to ship within 60 days Oracle  customers will be able to get the delayed version of the company's E-Business Suite 11i.10 within 60 days, Oracle announced today.
SI.com HOUSTON (Ticker) -- For the second time in a week, Brandon Backe dominated the Cincinnati Reds . Backe threw seven strong innings to propel the Houston Astros to their 10th consecutive win, an 11-5 victory over the Reds.
White Sox 7, Rangers 4 Carl Everett homered and the Chicago White Sox took advantage of Texas #39; season-high five errors in a 7-4 victory over the fading Rangers on Monday.
Major League Baseball News Although Travis Smith spent most of this season in the International League, the Phillies didn #39;t need a scouting report on him.
U.S. Tanks Pound Rebel-Held Iraqi Town - Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. tanks pounded targets in the\rebel-held Sunni Muslim town of Falluja west of Baghdad on\Tuesday and U.S. warplanes could be seen flying overhead,\witnesses said.
Mexico Journalists Want More Security After Murders (Reuters) Reuters - More than 200 Mexican journalists\sent an urgent letter to President Vicente Fox on Monday\demanding better security after three journalists were murdered\this year, the latest one last week.
Air Liquide Profit Up Nearly 10 Percent (AP) AP - Industrial gas supplier Air Liquide SA said Monday its net profit rose nearly 10 percent in the first half of the year as industrial gas markets recovered in North America and remained strong in Asia.
Gun battle erupts in Gaza Strip Israeli forces and Palestinian militants trade gunfire in the Gaza Strip after an Israeli tank is hit by a Hamas bomb.
Unseeded Asagoe Reaches Last Eight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shinobu Asagoe, the last unseeded  player left in the women's singles, reached her first grand  slam quarter-final with a 7-6, 4-6, 6-3 win over Greece's Eleni  Daniilidou at the U.S. Open Monday.
Federer and Henman Advance at U.S. Open Top-seeded Roger Federer made it to the U.S. Open quarterfinals when Andrei Pavel pulled out with a herniated disc in his lower back. Tim Henman also advanced today.
Colombia arrests paramilitaries Colombia arrests a series of right-wing paramilitaries as the peace process enters a delicate phase.
India, Pak talk cooperation in hydrocarbons NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 6: India and Pakistan on Monday discussed possible areas of bilateral cooperation in the hydrocarbon sector, including laying a pipeline from Jalandhar to Lahore to export diesel and Indian firms assisting Pakistan in setting up CNG 
Oil eases as Brent price falls to \$41 a barrel LONDON SEPTEMBER 6: Oil prices eased on Monday as speculative funds continued to take profits but a tight global supply picture stopped the selling from gaining much momentum.
Hutchison unit begins \$1.5 bn IPO marketing HONG KONG, SEPTEMBER 6: Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd (HTIL), a unit of conglomerate Hutchison Whampoa Ltd, on Monday began marketing its IPO worth \$1.
Agassi, Federer, Move Into Quarterfinals at US Open (Update1) Two-time champion Andre Agassi beat Armenia #39;s Sargis Sargsian to advance at the US Open and set up a quarterfinal meeting with men #39;s top seed Roger Federer, who reached the round after his opponent withdrew with an injury.
Sports: Astros 11 Reds 5 HOUSTON Houston pitcher Brandon Backe used his arm and his bat to lead the Astros past Cincinnati 11-to-5. Backe allowed one run in seven innings while on the mound and belted a two-run homer, his first in the majors.
Pace finally signs, practices with Rams St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - Offensive tackle Orlando Pace ended his holdout by signing a one-year, \$7.02 million contract with the St.
Compete against your friends, SI experts and celebrities in this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Fans and pundits who are picking Philadelphia as a Super Bowl contender may want to consider this: the Eagles are one Brian Westbrook injury away from starting Reno Mahe at running back.
Roadmap despite the K-roadblock NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 6: India and Pakistan today committed themselves to a slow but sustained process to keep the dialogue going, in which New Delhi for the first time accepted the viability of an overland gas pipeline through Pakistan, and Islamabad 
Roundup: Abuja talks, winding road for peace in Darfur LAGOS, Sept. 6 (Xinhuanetby Dai Adi, Lin Xiaochun) -- The road to sustainable peace in war-ravaged Darfur region, western Sudan, might be a long and tortuous one as the on-going African Union (AU)-sponsored 
Cambodian Senate OKs WTO Entry (AP) AP - Cambodia moved closer to joining the World Trade Organization on Monday when its Senate approved its entry, a move the government hopes will help protect its billion-dollar garment industry.
Bush, Kerry Take on Economy, Iraq in Labor Day Rallies (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic\presidential nominee John Kerry, fresh from a campaign revamp\and slipping in the polls, tried to focus on the economy on\Monday but instead offered new criticism of the Iraq war, while\President Bush touted his tax reform.
Devil Rays Can't Get to New York in Time for Afternoon Game Hurricane Frances caused an afternoon doubleheader between the Devil Rays and Yankees to become a single night game.
Barbados, East Caribbean Brace for Hurricane Ivan  BRIDGETOWN, Barbados (Reuters) - Stores and schools closed,  radio stations broadcast warnings and Barbadians readied their  homes as Hurricane Ivan charged across the Atlantic on Monday  toward Barbados and the Caribbean's eastern islands.
Singh Takes Over Golf's No. 1 Ranking Vijay Singh won the Deutsche Bank Championship to knock Tiger Woods from No. 1 in the world golf rankings after a record 264 consecutive weeks.
Yukos Lawyer #39;s Flat, Office Searched Prosecutors searched the office and apartment of Yukos #39; chief lawyer, Dmitry Gololobov, on Monday and summoned him for questioning, Yukos spokesman Alexander Shadrin said.
ESPN STAR challenges BCCI telecast decision in HC New Delhi, Sep 7. (UNI): After losing out in the high-stake telecasting rights battle on Sunday, ESPN STAR Sports on Monday said it had challenged in the Bombay High Court the decision of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) to award 
France skeptical of new conditions for release of hostages PARIS : The captors of two French journalists allegedly put forward new demands for their release, but French officials cast doubt on the authenticity of the demands and remained cautiously optimistic about securing their release.
Israeli Counterterror Help Welcomed Visiting Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Monday welcomed an offer from Israel to help in combating militant groups, but said any counterterrorism alliance would not be exclusive and would have to include Arab countries.
India offers diesel sale to Pakistan NEW DELHI: Oil ministers of India and Pakistan will hold talks on plans for a gas pipeline from Iran to India and New Delhi #39;s proposal to sell diesel to Pakistan.
Oil: Price eases as Saudi offers big discounts LONDON - Oil prices eased on Monday as top world exporter Saudi Arabia slashed prices for its westbound crude sales in an effort to shift the large volumes it is offering to cool world markets.
Federer next for Agassi SIXTH seed Andre Agassi defeated Armenia #39;s Sargis Sargsian 6-3 6-2 6-2 in the fourth round of the US Open today. Agassi advances to the quarter-finals to face well-rested top seed Roger Federer, of Switzerland, who won today in a walkover.
Sports: White Sox 7 Rangers 4 ARLINGTON, Texas The Texas Rangers made five errors in a 7-to-4 loss to the Chicago White Sox. Carl Everett homered for the Sox, who won their fourth straight.
Revenge takes root in the ashes BESLAN: On the charred planks of the gymnasium of School Number One, amid soot-covered children #39;s sneakers and shell casings, Beslan #39;s aggrieved citizens debated fighting back.
Ministers quit in president row FOUR Lebanese ministers have quit the Government in protest at a Syrian-inspired constitutional amendment to keep its protege President Emile Lahoud in power for another three years.
Traffic management shifting lanes The application traffic management space is getting resurfaced as vendors such as F5, Radware, and Redline green-light new products with traffic compression, DoS attack protection, server-side caching, and other features aimed at simplifying and lowering the cost of network management.
Update 4: Alitalia Reportedly to Cut 5,000 Jobs Its future at stake, Italy #39;s flagship air carrier Alitalia said Monday it plans to cut 5,000 jobs - almost a fourth of its workforce - as part of restructuring efforts aimed at averting collapse.
VIEW: Will the EU keep faith with Turkey? Martti Ahtisaari and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It is feared that Islamists may one day turn Turkey into a fundamentalist state. Unlikely as it may be in view of Turkeys deeply rooted secularism, such a risk cannot be totally excluded.
Pakistan might import Indian diesel NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan agreed on Monday to step up cooperation in the energy sector, which could lead to Pakistan importing large amounts of diesel fuel from its neighbour, according to Pakistani Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri.
Liquidator focuses on client money The liquidator of Access Brokerage believes client money may have been propping up the business for some time. The small Internet broker collapsed on Friday, with a \$5 million shortfall in its client trust accounts.
Scientists achieve new speed record on Internet2 Scientist at CERN have successfully achieved a new land-speed record on the new internet2. The researchers were able to send 859GB of data in less than 17 minutes at a rate of 6.63 gigabits per second, a speed 
Astronauts float outside ISS for spacewalk Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station #39;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas 
Monday #39;s NL Capsules Astros pitcher Brandon Backe hit his first career homer, a two-run shot, and allowed one run in seven innings to keep Houston in the thick of the NL wild-card chase with an 11-5 rout of the Cincinnati Reds on Monday.
Cabrera Leads Orioles Past Twins 4-1 BALTIMORE -- Back home after a two-week trek, the Baltimore Orioles knocked off another first-place team behind a rookie pitcher who laid to rest all the talk about his supposedly tired arm.
Rangers labor in holiday loss The Rangers lineup hit three home runs and racked up 11 hits, but perhaps the most offensive display Monday afternoon came via the usually steady Texas defense.
In the  #39;Not For Long #39; league, the  #39;Skins #39; Joe Gibbs has missed an &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  When Gibbs last coached a meaningful game in the NFL -- Washington #39;s Jan. 9, 1993, NFC divisional round playoff loss at San Francisco -- Green Bay #39;s Brett Favre was 13 starts into his current 189-game NFL record consecutive starting streak.
US death toll in Iraq nears 1,000 as seven more die A car bomb killed seven US Marines and three Iraqi soldiers outside the city of Fallujah yesterday, bringing the total number of American dead since the US invasion of Iraq in March last year close to 1,000.
Quickly World NEW YORK - Former US president Bill Clinton was recovering yesterday after a successful heart bypass surgery at the New York-Presbyterian Hospital, a hospital source told Reuters.
Schroeder #39;s party routed in state polls BERLIN - Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and his Social Democrats have suffered a stinging loss in the western state of Saarland in the first of several regional elections whose outcome will measure the political price of unpopular cuts in social welfare 
Liquidators appointed for Access Interim liquidators have been appointed for no-frills sharebroker Access Brokerage which was suspended from trading on Monday morning after a weekend investigation by the stock exchange.
OPEC will keep reference prices unchanged. The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, OPEC, will maintain the oil prices reference band unchanged in the coming meeting scheduled for September 15 in Vienna, said Purnomo Yusgiantoro, OPECs president.
India gt; Net TV firm Orca, an Emblaze unit, wins India deal Orca Interactive, a unit of Israel #39;s Emblaze Ltd, has won a contract from Atlas Interactive India to provide software used in bringing digital television to broadband customers.
New Hurricane Threatens Fla. Space Center Sept. 6, 2004 The damage report isn #39;t even complete, much less an understanding of the impact Hurricane Frances will have on NASA #39;s wallet and scheduled return of the shuttle fleet to flight.
NATO, Russia To Meet Over Beslan School Siege 6 September 2004 -- NATO Secretary-General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer has called a special meeting of NATO countries and Russia for tomorrow to discuss the school siege in southern Russia, in which more than 330 people died.
ALENIA SPAZIO DELIVERS SPACE STATION CUPOLA TO ESA (AGI) - Turin, Italy, Sept. 6 - Alenia Spazio, a Finmeccanica company, today delivered to the European Space Agency the Cupola for the International Space Station.
Oracle touts grid computing to open show Oracle rang in the first day of its OpenWorld European conference series on Monday by touting the growth of grid computing in Europe, followed with the main news of the day: the release of E-Business Suite Version 11i.
MLB: Chicago White Sox 7, Texas 4 Carl Everett homered and scored two runs Monday to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 7-4 victory over the Texas Rangers. Jason Grilli (1-1) worked in 5 2/3 innings to earn his 
Japanese baseball strike nears Professional baseball in Japan has truly come of age: the nation is bracing for its first ever players #39; strike. Athletes are angry about a proposed merger between two clubs, the 
Holdout offensive tackle signs with Rams The five-time Pro Bowl offensive tackle will get only four days of practice to prepare for the St. Louis Rams #39; opener after signing a one-year contract for \$7.
Sad day for Russia THERE is no doubt that the Beslan school siege ended in almost the worst way imaginable. Nightmarish scenes of half-naked, bloodied children running from the school and dead bodies laid out on stretchers spoke of events that had gone dreadfully wrong.
7 US Soldiers Killed BAGHDAD, 7 September 2004 - Seven US Marines were killed in a bomb attack near Fallujah yesterday in one of the worst days of US military casualties since the war in Iraq was declared over in May last year.
4 Lebanon ministers quit over president #39;s term BEIRUT Four ministers quit the Lebanese government on Monday to protest the passage of a Syrian-inspired constitutional amendment intended to keep President Emile Lahoud in power for another three years.
BNZ freezes Access Brokerage #39;s accounts Bank of New Zealand has frozen all accounts held in the name of Access Brokerage, which was yesterday placed in liquidation after a client fund shortfall of around \$5 million was discovered.
EU states speak out against Sarkozy plan European governments on Monday spoke out against a French proposal that the European Union restrict development aid to poorer member states that seek to lure foreign investment with low corporate tax rates.
Softbank makes mobile complaint SOFTBANK, Japan #39;s largest internet provider, has complained that its plan to offer a new mobile phone service could be thwarted by the government #39;s refusal to provide the necessary bandwidth.
SI.com ARLINGTON, Texas (Ticker) -- Miscues and poor clutch hitting led to the Texas Rangers  #39; seventh loss in eight games. Chan Ho Park committed two of a season-high five throwing errors for the Rangers while the 
DiFelice reports; Cubs recall Dubois, Wuertz, Mitre and Murray Catcher Mike DiFelice reported to the Chicago Cubs on Monday, six days after being acquired from the Detroit Tigers. DiFelice, who hit .
MLB: Atlanta 3, Philadelphia 1 Andruw Jones #39; 25th home run of the season helped the Atlanta Braves beat Philadelphia 3-1 Monday. Travis Smith, pitching in place of Mike Hampton, held the Phillies to one run, five 
Walter Jones shows for practice, signs one-year deal KIRKLAND - The long-awaited return of left tackle Walter Jones finally happened this morning at Seahawks headquarters. Jones, who has been to the past three Pro Bowls, signed his one-year tender of \$7.
Orlando Pace ends holdout, signs with Rams Offensive tackle Orlando Pace signed a one-year, \$7.02 million contract with the St. Louis Rams on Monday to end his holdout. Pace, a 28-year-old five-time Pro Bowl selection and former No.
US claim that Bin Laden is nearly captured is politicking: Rashid ISLAMABAD: Information Minister Sheikh Rashid rejected as pre-election politicking a US officials weekend claim that Osama Bin Laden was close to being captured.
At least 13 Palestinians killed, dozens wounded in Gaza City &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Five explosions rocked a field in Gaza City used for training by anti-Israeli militants early Tuesday, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25 others, hospital officials and residents said.
Singh on Top of the World After Deutsche Bank Win  NORTON, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Fiji's majestic Vijay  Singh took over as world number one from playing partner Tiger  Woods after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship by three  strokes at the Tournament Players Club Monday.
Orca Interactive plans AIM flotation Emblaze (LSE: BLZ) group company Orca Interactive means to float stock on London #39;s AIM stock exchange. Orca develops flexible solutions for broadband commercial television over the Internet.
Brees Keeps Starting Job With Chargers (AP) AP - Drew Brees was selected the starting quarterback of the San Diego Chargers on Monday, a move that was expected after he followed last season's miserable performance with a solid exhibition season.
President to open EC hospital CAPE TOWN - President Thabo Mbeki, who was still in Ivory Coast yesterday, is scheduled to perform the official opening of Mthatha #39;s Nelson Mandela Academic Hospital tomorrow, the Eastern Cape Health Department announced yesterday.
Miami, Florida St. Regrouping After Storm (AP) AP - Florida State and Miami were originally scheduled to play Monday. Instead, they spent the day trying to recover from Hurricane Frances.
EU May Allow First GMO Seeds for Sale Across Bloc (Reuters) Reuters - The European Commission\is likely to authorize the first genetically modified (GMO)\seeds for commercial use across EU territory this week, in the\face of widespread consumer resistance to biotech crops.
Clinton recovering after heart op Former US President Bill Clinton's heart bypass operation is successful, say doctors in New York.
Explosions Kill at Least 13 in Gaza City GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training field early Tuesday, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25 in the bloodiest strike in Gaza in months, officials from both sides said. Most of the casualties were members of the anti-Israeli militant group...
Cyberspace gets an area code It #39;s not London (020), and it doesn #39;t much resemble Birmingham (0121). People visit it from Glasgow (0141) and go surfing it in Ipswich (01473).
Maths holy grail could bring disaster for internet Mathematicians could be on the verge of solving two separate million dollar problems. If they are right - still a big if - and somebody really has cracked the so-called Riemann hypothesis, financial disaster might follow.
Why women bosses live life on edge Sometimes it #39;s hard to be a woman: break through the glass ceiling, and you find yourself on the edge of a glass cliff. Alex Haslam, a social psychologist at Exeter University, told the British Association 
Agassi discards Mr Nice Guy #39; image Ask anyone who knows Andre Agassi and they will tell you that the bald but brilliant former champion is an awfully nice chap. But there are times when Agassi can be positively nasty; cruel even.
Dementyeva Reaches Quarters French Open runner-up Yelena Dementyeva recovered from a terrible start to beat an emotional Vera Zvonareva 1-6, 6-4, 6-3 in a bizarre fourth-round match at the US Open on Sunday.
Gerrard says criticism will spur England win Where there is Steven Gerrard, there is hope. England #39;s warrior of a midfielder flew into this unglamorous Silesian conurbation last night promising to turn all the headlines of 
Space station updated Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station #39;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday, plugging in new antennas and replacing a worn-out piece of cooling equipment.
Brees keeps starting job with Chargers Drew Brees was selected the starting quarterback of the San Diego Chargers on Monday, a move that was expected after he followed last season #39;s miserable performance with a solid exhibition season.
Explosions Kill at Least 13 in Gaza City GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Sept. 6, 2004 - Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training field early Tuesday, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25 in the bloodiest strike in Gaza in months, officials from both sides said.
Colts Interested in Quarterback Tim Couch (AP) AP - The Indianapolis Colts were still fine-tuning their roster Monday, and one option is quarterback Tim Couch.
France skeptical of new conditions for release of hostages (AFP) AFP - The captors of two French journalists allegedly put forward new demands for their release, but French officials cast doubt on the authenticity of the demands and remained cautiously optimistic about securing their release.
Talks for Sudan's Darfur deadlocked over disarmament: AU officials, rebels (AFP) AFP - African Union-brokered peace talks for Sudan's western Darfur region stalled over the sensitive issues of security and disarmament as they began their third week, officials said.
Intel and AMD battle for dual-core chips Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) showcased its dual-core x86 Opteron microprocessor this week. The upcoming dual-core CPU for the enterprise enviornment is expected to debut in mid-2005 and was housed in a HP ProLiant DL585 server.
Oracle apps upgrade to ship within 60 days SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Customers will be able to get their hands on the delayed version of Oracle Corp. #39;s E-Business Suite 11i.
Singh never faltered down the stretch waited for a mistake. And when Woods was the one to make it, Singh was on his way to a whopping sixth victory of the year and the No.
Car bomb kills 7 Marines A MASSIVE car bomb exploded on the outskirts of Fallujah tonight, killing seven US Marines and wounding several others, a US military official said.
Brawl after Bashir arrest cleared A BRAWL broke out at an Indonesian court yesterday after the arrest and detention of alleged Jemaah Islamiah head Abu Bakar Bashir was found to be legal, clearing the way for his trial under tough anti-terror laws.
Davenport Tops Venus to Make Open Quarters (AP) AP - The matchup was fit for a Grand Slam final, not the fourth round. So, too, was the riveting last game. Lindsay Davenport and Venus Williams, seven major titles and 49 weeks at No. 1 between them, swapped powerful strokes for 13 superb minutes Monday at the U.S. Open, bringing fans to their feet with several of the game's 24 points.
Falcons' Crumpler, Price Miss Practice (AP) AP - Alge Crumpler and Peerless Price joined an injury list that already included Warrick Dunn and Keith Brooking for the Atlanta Falcons.
Japanese guard signs for NBA's Phoenix Suns (AFP) AFP - Yuta Tabuse has signed for the Phoenix Suns, boosting his hopes of becoming the first Japanese to play in the US National Basketball Association (NBA) regular season, the NBA's Tokyo branch said.
Kidnapped UN Peacekeeper Released in Congo (Reuters) Reuters - A Moroccan soldier has been released\five days after he was kidnapped while serving in a United
Mexico PRI Has Slim Lead in Veracruz Governnor Race  JALAPA, Mexico (Reuters) - Mexico's main opposition party  put in a tepid performance in elections in a state it has run  since the 1920s, hitting a bump on the long road toward its  goal of returning to power nationally in 2006.
Frances May Delay Shuttle Flights CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- No storm in history has done more damage to the Kennedy Space Center than Hurricane Frances did. Officials at the Florida facility said the storm tore about 1,000 exterior panels from the Vehicle Assembly Building.
France #39;s premier expresses doubt about demand for ransom to free &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Experts on Islamic militant groups are skeptical about a Web posting demanding \$5 million in ransom for two French journalists held hostage in Iraq, France #39;s prime minister said Monday.
Space Shuttles Survive Hurricane Frances maggeth writes  quot;In an update to a previous story, NASA damage assessment teams have begun work at the Kennedy Space Center, which was hit by Hurricane Frances.
High alert for Karzai inauguration KABUL, Afghanistan -- Afghanistan #39;s capital is under tight security for the inauguration of Hamid Karzai as the country #39;s first popularly elected president.
Tokyo Stocks Open Firmer on Economy  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.25  percent at the opening on Tuesday as investors stayed  optimistic about Japan's economy and bought banks and insurance  firms.
Alitalia to slash 5000 jobs MANAGEMENT at the Italian national airline Alitalia put forward a rescue plan today to trade unions that foresees slashing 5000 jobs and splitting the struggling carrier into two in order to keep it aloft.
\$5 million  quot;shortfall quot; in Access accounts; BNZ freezes some Access &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Access Brokerage liquidators said today they had discovered a \$5 million shortfall in the share trader #39;s accounts and the Bank of New Zealand said it has frozen all accounts in the name of Access Brokerage Ltd, including trust accounts.
Buy-up just beautiful SHARES in drug wholesaler Australian Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd rose nearly15 per cent yesterday after it acquired health, beauty and lifestyle retailer New Price Retail for \$112.
Nikkei Opens Higher, Lifted by Survey Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average opened up 0.58 percent on Monday with buyers picking up a broad range of stocks after key economic survey renewed hopes over Japan #39;s economic outlook.
Hurricane Frances imperils space flight #39;s scheduled return Hurricane Frances ripped hundreds of panels from NASA #39;s huge space shuttle assembly hangar and officials feared Monday that another powerful tropical storm heading toward Florida could slow down the return of manned space flights.
MS pulls WinFS from Longhorn Microsoft is dropping the WinFS file system technology from Longhorn, the next version of Windows, in a bid to introduce the operating system by 2006.
Agassi ousts Sargsian, faces Federer in Open quarterfinals; Henman &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Andre Agassi tried to get this over in a hurry. He wanted a fast day at the US Open, just like Roger Federer. Agassi made short work of marathon man Sargis Sargsian on Labor Day, sweeping out his longtime 
England keeper James: Ill make amends against Poland LONDON: Under-fire goalkeeper David James pledged on Sunday to prove he is worth his place in Sven-Goran Erikssons team when England face Poland in a crucial World Cup qualifier tomorrow.
Ronaldo stays in Brazil for engagement SAO PAULO: Brazil set off for the midweek friendly in Germany without Ronaldo on Sunday after he was given permission to stay behind for an engagement dinner with his girlfriend.
Bump Doesn #39;t Stop Prince Arch in Saranac Favored Prince Arch overcame a bump with Good Reward in upper stretch to rally for a resolute victory by a head over Mustanfar in the closing-day \$108,200 Saranac Handicap (gr.
Doubleheader trimmed to one game The New York Yankees and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays were to play only one game of their scheduled doubleheader Monday. The first game was postponed because Tampa Bay was delayed leaving Florida because of Hurricane Frances.
Grief in Russia Mixes With Harsh Words for Government As Russia began two days of national mourning for the victims of a school siege in North Ossetia, criticism mounted over the government #39;s handling of the wave of terrorism that 
Rockets fired on Gaza City camp Israeli helicopters fired four rockets at a camp in Gaza City where they believed Palestinian militants were training, killing at least 15 people, Palestinian medical sources told CNN.
Moderate Earthquake Shakes Western Japan A moderate earthquake shook western Japan on Tuesday, two days after over 40 people were injured when two strong quakes hit the region.
European Envoy Visiting Turkey to Assess Situation of Kurds With Turkey #39;s hopes of joining the European Union on the line, a senior European envoy flew to the country #39;s troubled southeastern region on Monday to assess the status of 
Alitalia unions baulk at 5,000 job cuts almost a quarter of its workforce - and split itself in two yesterday in last-ditch attempt to avoid bankruptcy. The struggling Italian airline met 
Michael Harrison #39;s Outlook: An elephant that Crosby doesn #39;t need &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; D-Day is looming for James Crosby. Whether it is this week or next, the chief executive of HBOS does not have very long left to decide whether to launch a counter-bid for Abbey National.
Toyota Motor sets up JV in Guangzhou Toyota Motor Corp yesterday launched a joint venture with China #39;s Guangzhou Automobile Group to produce the Camry sedan in the capital city of Guangdong Province.
New numbering system planned for internet calls Cheap telephone calls made using broadband internet connections came a step closer yesterday when Ofcom, the industry regulator, laid out its plans to help the take-up of the new technology.
Prince Arch runs down Mustanfar in Saranac Prince Arch, who had been racing against the likes of multiple stakes winners Kittens Joy and Artie Schiller, returned from a layoff of nearly two months to win the \$108,200 
Dutrow #39;s gamble pays off fabulously Despite the fact Love of Money had never raced around two turns or in a stakes race before, trainer Richard Dutrow Jr. thought enough of him entering Monday #39;s \$750,000 Pennsylvania 
Sussex hand title to Warwickshire Warwickshire were crowned as cricket #39;s new county champions at 5.06pm yesterday, even though their players were stuck indoors in front of their TVs and computers at the time.
Yankees believe Devil Rays should forfeit game Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Half of the scheduled doubleheader between the New York Yankees and Tampa Bay was postponed Monday after the Devil Rays had trouble leaving Florida because of Hurricane Frances.
Typhoon Songda Approaches Nagasaki, Western Japan, Injuring 28 Typhoon Songda approached Nagasaki city on Japan #39;s southern island of Kyushu, injuring 28 people and cutting power as it headed north toward the Sea of Japan.
Singh Knocks Woods From Top Spot in Golf NORTON, Mass. - Vijay Singh has been playing the best golf in the world for a long time...
Tokyo Stocks Open Firmer on Economy (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.25\percent at the opening on Tuesday as investors stayed\optimistic about Japan's economy and bought banks and insurance\firms.
Yankees Unlikely to Get D-Rays Forfeit (AP) AP - The New York Yankees asked the commissioner's office to award them a forfeit over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays after they failed to arrive in time Monday because of travel problems due to Hurricane Frances. It was a request that had no chance of being granted.
Warrants for Colombian Soldiers in Union Killings (Reuters) Reuters - Colombian state prosecutors on\Monday ordered the arrest of three soldiers in connection with\the killing of union officials accused of being leftist rebels\last month, the state prosecution office said.
Sony Changes U.S. PC Strategy to Boost Share-Paper (Reuters) Reuters - Sony Corp. is revamping its strategy in\the U.S. personal computer market by tailoring laptop computers\for corporate customers and entering the low-end market in a\move to boost share, the Nihon Keizai newspaper said on\Tuesday.
Prosecutors summon Yukos lawyer in latest move against the oil giant (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Prosecutors tightened the screws on Yukos on Monday, calling in the oil giant's top in-house lawyer for questioning after searching his office and apartment on the same day the company challenged a freeze on its subsidiaries' bank accounts.
Powerful Typhoon Hits Southern Japan (AP) AP - A powerful typhoon in southern Japan caused landslides and floods, left tens of thousands without power, and injured at least 23 people. In the western part of the country, a strong aftershock stuck Tuesday, hours after two major quakes injured 43 people.
Agassi Ousts Sargsian From U.S. Open (AP) AP - Andre Agassi tried to get this over in a hurry. He wanted a fast day at the U.S. Open, just like Roger Federer.
Heinz Kerry Recovers, Attends Parade (AP) AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry was back on the campaign trail at Labor Day parades in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia after a brief hospitalization over the weekend in Iowa because of an upset stomach.
NZ Exchange Suspends Brokerage; Contacts Fraud Office WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--The New Zealand Exchange Ltd. (NZX.NZ) said Monday it has suspended Access Brokerage from trading in the stock market, and referred the matter to the Serious Fraud Office, the Securities Commission and the Minister of Commerce.
Tokyo Stocks Open Slightly Higher Tokyo stocks opened slightly higher Tuesday morning amid renewed optimism for Japan #39;s economic recovery a day after strong business investment data.
Newcastle to unveil Souness today Souness resigned from Blackburn Rovers yesterday after informing his players of the decision on the morning before training. Souness said:  quot;I #39;m sad to be leaving but I #39;m excited.
Uruguay back on World Cup course Uruguay have put their World Cup qualifying campaign back on course with a controversial 1-0 win over Ecuador while Chile and Colombia shared four red cards and no goals in a grim encounter.
Schottenheimer holds off on QB call San Diego Chargers coach Marty Schottenheimer is keeping his team -- including quarterbacks Drew Brees and Philip Rivers -- and its fans in suspense.
Monday #39;s AL Capsules Daniel Cabrera pitched three-hit ball into the eighth inning, and Jose Leon and Melvin Mora had two RBIs apiece to lead the surging Baltimore Orioles past the Minnesota Twins 4-1 on Monday.
13 killed in Israeli raid on Hamas activists  #39;training #39; in Gaza GAZA CITY : Thirteen members of the radical Palestinian group Hamas were killed and more than 45 wounded in an Israeli raid in the Gaza Strip, medical sources and witnesses said.
 #39;\$5m ransom #39; for kidnapped journalists Iraqi insurgents who claim to be holding two French journalists in Iraq demanded a \$5 million (2.8 million) ransom yesterday as part of a disturbing set of new conditions for their release.
Verheugen Arrives In Ankara ANKARA - The European Union (EU) Commissioner, Enlargement, Guenter Verheugen arrived in Ankara late on Sunday. Speaking to reporters at Ankara #39;s Esenboga Airport, Verheugen said that his visit to Turkey was 
Coke near antitrust deal with EU The European Union is moving closer to settling its long-running antitrust case against the Coca-Cola Co., having judged the beverage giant #39;s offer to modify distribution deals in Europe good enough to begin gauging the industry #39;s 
Our business too Horror and revulsion are the most natural of reactions to the aftermath of the hideous Beslan school siege, and the thoughts of decent people everywhere go out to the bereaved and suffering.
Babies prefer to gaze upon beautiful faces Newborn babies prefer to look at attractive faces, says a UK researcher, suggesting that face recognition is hardwired at birth, rather than learned.
Brazil Government Criticizes New York Times Report (Reuters) Reuters - Less than four months after\causing an uproar by almost expelling a New York Times\reporter, the Brazilian government criticized the U.S.\newspaper on Monday for a report on a controversial proposal to\oversee the country's journalists.
Missing Russian helicopter found crashed near Chechnya; 2 crew members killed (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ROSTOV-ON-DON, Russia (AP) - Eight Russian soldiers and police were killed by rebels in Chechnya within a 24-hour period, and a military helicopter crashed on a flight out of the region, killing two of the three crew members aboard, officials said.
Yankees Believe Devil Rays Should Forfeit Game (Reuters) Reuters - Half of the scheduled\doubleheader between the New York Yankees and Tampa Bay was\postponed Monday after the Devil Rays had trouble leaving\Florida because of Hurricane Frances.
Tokyo Stocks Stay Firm on Economy  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average edged up 0.23 percent  by mid-morning on Tuesday as investors remained optimistic  about Japan's economy and bought banks and shares in firms that  depend on domestic business.
Brazil Government Criticizes New York Times Report  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Less than four months after  causing an uproar by almost expelling a New York Times  reporter, the Brazilian government criticized the U.S.  newspaper on Monday for a report on a controversial proposal to  oversee the country's journalists.
Russian May Have Solved Poincare Conjecture nev4 writes  quot;Reuters (via Yahoo News) reports that Grigori Perelman from St. Petersburg, Russia appears to have solved the Poincare Conjecture.
World #39;s Oldest Field Test Reveals Soil Secrets The world #39;s longest continually running experiment has revealed traces of plutonium in British soil from nuclear tests in the Nevada desert 50 years ago, scientists said on Monday.
Agassi Handles Friend; Now Faces Tougher Foe efore facing an opponent, particularly a top-flight one, Sargis Sargsian sometimes receives advice from Andre Agassi. In a telephone conversation the night before the match, Agassi will 
Golf: Singh shows Tiger who #39;s Number One Fiji #39;s Vijay Singh replaced Tiger Woods as the world #39;s No.1 ranked golfer today by winning the PGA Deutsche Bank Championship.
Serena rebels for a cause FASHION plate Serena Williams revealed yesterday she was progressing through the US Open against the advice of three doctors, who were concerned her injured left knee was not ready for the rigours of a grand slam.
Souness is Newcastle boss The Scot told the Rovers playing squad of his decision this morning after agreeing to replace Sir Bobby Robson on Tyneside. In one of football #39;s strange quirks, Newcastle 
Oracle apps upgrade to ship within 60 days Customers will be able to get their hands on the delayed version of Oracle Corp.'s E-Business Suite 11i.10 within 60 days, the Redwood Shores, California, company announced Monday, at the opening day of its OpenWorld conference in London.
Alitalia Tells Unions of Plan to Lay Off 5,000 Workers Alitalia, the Italian government-run airline and a partner with Delta and Air France in the SkyTeam alliance, told its unions on Monday that it planned to lay off about 5,000 
Nikkei edges up on economic hope TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese stock indexes edged higher by midmorning Tuesday, building on a strong upward momentum in the previous session after corporate capital spending raised hopes that gross domestic product data will be revised up later in the week.
Genius solves \$1m mystery ONE of the seven great unsolved mysteries of mathematics may have been cracked by a reclusive Russian who has no interest in the million dollar prize his solution could win him.
Storm #39;s slow approach helped save buildings The beaches of the east coast #39;s barrier islands seemed as calm as they could be on Monday. Just one day after Hurricane Frances wobbled through, only 
British archeologists find Viking burial site, complete with arms &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Archeologists in northwestern England have found a burial site of six Viking men and women, complete with swords, spears, jewelry, fire-making materials and riding equipment, officials said Monday.
No surprises for big names NEW YORK - It was as if the US Open tennis tournament took a deep breath yesterday morning (Singapore time). No remarkable upsets happened.
Francona trying to  #39;ignore #39; personal ties to A #39;s The Boston Red Sox manager worked as the bench coach for the Athletics last season, and still has many friends in the other clubhouse -- and during a September pennant race, he just can #39;t deal with any personal distractions.
Tri-Nations expansion RUGBY in the Pacific Islands has been dealt a huge blow after they were left out of a major shake-up in the southern hemispheres premier tournaments yesterday.
Another strong quake hits western Japan TOKYO : A strong earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale jolted western and central Japan, following two major tremors at the weekend, the meteorological agency said.
Frances hits Florida Panhandle as state begin recovery from initial strike (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ST. MARKS, Fla. (AP) - Frances hammered the Florida Panhandle on Monday, taking a second swing at a storm-weary state where it already had knocked out power to six million people, torn up roofs and boats and been blamed for at least five deaths.
Viking Burial Site Found in England (AP) AP - Archaeologists in northwestern England have found a burial site of six Viking men and women, complete with swords, spears, jewelry, fire-making materials and riding equipment, officials said Monday.
Agassi Handles Friend; Now Faces Tougher Foe Andre Agassi came away with a 6-3, 6-2, 6-2 victory over Sargis Sargsian, setting up a high-profile match on Wednesday with top-seeded Roger Federer.
China's Three Gorges on Alert After Floods Kill 76  BEIJING (Reuters) - China has put the Three Gorges Dam, the  world's largest hydro-electric project, on flood alert, Xinhua  news agency said on Tuesday after rain and mudslides killed 76  in areas to the west.
Alitalia Tells Unions of Plan to Lay Off 5,000 Workers Alitalia, the Italian government-run airline, plans to lay off about 5,000 of its 21,000 employees in a move to avoid filing for bankruptcy protection.
Diet Pill Was a Driving Force in French Drug Merger The year's big drug-industry merger may turn out to be about using marketing muscle to fight fat.
China Ex-President May Be Set to Yield Last Powerful Post Jiang Zemin, China's military chief and senior leader, has told Communist Party officials that he plans to resign, two people with leadership connections say.
9/11 Proposals Lead the Agenda Facing Congress Members of Congress return for a march to Election Day that is complicated by the call to reorganize U.S. intelligence agencies.
Finance: Interest rate lift expected on Thursday Already having the highest interest rates in the developed world, the Reserve Bank is set to raise them further on Thursday and may leave the door open for more rises ahead.
TSV Holdings IPO closes TSV Holdings Ltd share offer closed oversubscribed and a week early following strong institutional and retail support. TSV Holdings raised \$6 million after offering 30 million shares at 20 cents each to investors 
Viking burial site unearthed in England LONDON - Archaeologists in northwestern England have found a burial site of six Viking men and women, complete with swords, spears, jewelry, fire-making materials and riding equipment, officials said Monday.
US  #39;politicking #39; over Osama capture claim: Pakistan Pakistan rejected a US official #39;s weekend claim that Osama bin Laden was close to being captured as  quot;politicking quot;.  quot;He can say this, but we have no sound information.
More Homeless in Sudan Horror, UN Says More than 3,000 people have been displaced since the end of August by violence in an area of North Darfur state in Sudan, a United Nations report said on Sunday.
Toyota in quest for pole position in China Japan #39;s No. 1 automaker is no longer content to take a back seat to foreign rivals in China. On Monday, Toyota Motor Corp. announced the launch of Guangzhou Toyota Motor Co.
Quattrone #39;s Fate Lies in Firm Hands Former high-flying investment banker Frank P. Quattrone is about to find out just how unlucky he is. Convicted in May, Quattrone, 48, is scheduled to be sentenced on Wednesday 
Debian rejects Sender ID The Debian Linux group will not deploy the Sender ID anti-spam standard, because Microsoft #39;s license terms do not fit within its free-software guidelines.
At Stadium, Long Day #39;s Journey Into Night ithout depositing any driving rain or generating any gusty wind, Hurricane Frances reached into the Bronx yesterday and disrupted the Yankees #39; baseball schedule.
Israeli attack on Hamas activists in Gaza kills 13 Hamas &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Israeli attack on Hamas activists training near Gaza City killed at least 13 people early today. The raid came a week after Hamas murdered 16 Israelis in twin suicide bombings on buses in Be #39;er Sheva.
Pakistan denies claim of progress in bin Laden hunt ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - The government dismissed a top American counterterrorism official #39;s claim of progress in the hunt for Osama bin Laden, saying today that Pakistan does not have any information on the Al Qaeda leader #39;s whereabouts.
Court clears way for Anwar appeal Malaysia #39;s top court has agreed to review the corruption conviction of Anwar Ibrahim, the country #39;s former deputy prime minister.
True delay of game At 3 pm Monday, on a picture-perfect Labor Day in the Bronx, Yankees Stadium public address announcer Bob Sheppard informed the 5,000 or so fans on hand that the game against the Tampa Bay 
Donald takes European Masters title England #39;s Luke Donald gave the European Ryder Cup team a boost after securing a runaway victory in the European Masters at Crans Sur Sierre in Switzerland.
Malaysia Court Clears Way for Anwar Appeal (AP) AP - Malaysia's highest court cleared the way Tuesday for an appeal that could allow newly freed former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim back into politics.
Former Amateur Golf Star Dies at 78 (AP) AP - Harvie Ward, a two-time U.S. Amateur champion and a top teaching pro whose clients included the late Payne Stewart, has died after a long illness.
New polls show Australian government neck and neck with opposition (AFP) AFP - Two new polls showed Australia's conservative government and Labor opposition neck and neck after the first week of campaigning for the October 9 election.
Federer Receives Walkover Into Quarters  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer reached the  quarter-finals of the U.S. Open without hitting a ball when  Andrei Pavel pulled out with a back injury Monday.
Pirated Goods Continue To Swamp China Street sales of illegally copied Hollywood films, fake auto parts and pharmaceuticals are thriving despite an official government crackdown, agitating a nettlesome trade conflict between Washington and Beijing.
Navy Plans to Buy Fewer Ships Squeezed by budget constraints, the Navy is proposing significant cuts in its shipbuilding program that could batter the struggling industry.
Quattrone's  Fate Lies in  Firm Hands Convicted in May, Quattrone is scheduled to be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal securities investigation and attempted witness-tampering, based on a December 2000 e-mail he sent his Credit Suisse First Boston subordinates endorsing a plan to "clean up those files.
Court clears way for Anwar appeal Malaysia's top court agrees to review a  corruption conviction against the former deputy PM  Anwar Ibrahim. 
Bush and Kerry Clash Over Iraq and a Timetable Senator John Kerry said he wanted troops home within four years, and President Bush defended the war as "right for America."
Explosions Kill at Least 13 in Gaza City GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training field in Gaza early Tuesday, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25, officials from both sides said. It was Israel's deadliest strike in the area in four months...
Knicks: Isiah decides to put Houston #39;s return on hold Allan Houston #39;s comeback was put off one more time yesterday, when the Knicks shooting guard announced he will not be activated for tonight #39;s game against the Memphis Grizzlies 
Milton deal getting closer for Yanks The Yankees are expected to make a push in the next couple of days to sign Eric Milton, and the lefthander has allowed the Yankees to examine his surgically repaired left knee.
Mexico #39;s firm says oil price to remain high Mexican consultancy firm Bursametrica said on Monday that international market oil prices will remain high in the short and long run.
Brian Fallow: Bank set to pull the trigger Reserve Bank Governor Alan Bollard will fire his interest rate gun and then conspicuously reload it when he delivers his monetary policy statement on Thursday.
The Changing Face Of Campus Tech SeaDour writes  quot;CNET News has an interesting perspective on the changing face of technology on campus. These days, students are showing more interest in the tech perks that campuses have to offer, and universities are taking notice.
Agassi ousts good friend Having defeated Sargis Sargsian in the round of 16 of the US Open, Agassi now gets Roger Federer in the quarterfinals. Having gotten through the dicey part, now comes the fun.
Davenport Is Too Strong for Venus Williams ll the emotion Venus Williams crammed into staving off elimination against Lindsay Davenport at the United States Open last night saved the 25th edition of their rivalry from being a dud.
Donald confident enough to play with any of his Ryder Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (PA) -- Luke Donald will tell Bernhard Langer this week that he is confident enough to be paired with any of his European teammates in the 35th Ryder Cup Matches at Oakland Hills.
Defending champ upset by Petrova The top-seeded Belgian was upset in the fourth round of the year #39;s last Grand Slam tournament by 14th-seeded Nadia Petrova 6-3, 6-2.
Anwar given chance to clear name Malaysia #39;s highest court has cleared the way for an appeal that could erase newly freed former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim #39;s criminal record and allow him back into politics.
Two hospitalised in Malaysia amid bird flu outbreak KUALA LUMPUR : Two people have been hospitalised in Malaysia #39;s northeastern Kelantan state after a suspected new outbreak of the deadly strain of bird flu that has killed 27 people across Asia, officials said on Tuesday.
Deposed No. 1 Woods Finds Comfort in His Improved Swing  NORTON, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Tiger Woods was in upbeat  mood despite being deposed as world number one by Fiji's Vijay  Singh Monday.
Yanks Show Visitors No Shelter The Yankees finally played ball last night, taking advantage of an opponent that looked as if it had spent the whole day sitting in ballparks, on buses and in an airplane.
Putin under pressure over siege Calls grow for answers  over the school siege in Beslan as Russia holds a second day of official mourning.
UT #39;s Johnson takes aim at more honors It took only a couple of plays for Derrick Johnson to make his first huge hit as a Texas Longhorn. The freshman from Waco, fresh off the bench in a game against New Mexico State on Sept.
Beijing cracks down hard on fake brands A senior market regulator said yesterday that Beijing law enforcement bodies have banned brands such as Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Prada, Givenchy, Fendi and some 20 others from being sold at marketplaces around the city.
Porn in China: Death by success takes on a new meaning The phenomenon of  quot;death by success quot; -- in which a website is brought down by strong user interest -- is well known online but has taken a new twist in China.
Numbering System Announced For Internet Phone Users The Internet is receiving its own batch of phone numbers for Voice over Broadband (VoB) phone services, the UK #39;s Telecom regulating body Ofcom announced today.
CFL Game Summary - Toronto at Hamilton Argonauts wide receivers R. Jay Soward and Andre Talbot and Tiger-Cats cornerback Wayne Shaw were ejected for fighting midway through the first quarter...Toronto is 2-3-1 on the road and 2-3-1 against the East this season...Hamilton is also 2-3-1 at home 
New polls show Australian government neck and neck with opposition SYDNEY : Two new polls showed Australia #39;s conservative government and Labor opposition neck and neck after the first week of campaigning for the October 9 election.
Shell Malaysias Jintan gas field starts work SHELL Malaysia #39;s Jintan field, located about 275km north west of Bintulu, offshore Sarawak, came onstream on Aug 31. Jintan is the second gas field brought into production, following Serai which came onstream 
Open-Henin-Hardenne loses US Open crown, top ranking Justine Henin-Hardenne #39;s reign as US Open champion and world number one came to an abrupt and surprise end when she lost 6-3 6-2 to Russian Nadia Petrova in the fourth round on Monday.
Petrova Upsets Defending U.S. Open Champ (AP) AP - Justine Henin-Hardenne lost her U.S. Open title and her No. 1 ranking Monday night. The defending champion was upset by Nadia Petrova 6-3, 6-2 Monday night in the fourth round, the earliest the Open's top-seeded woman has lost since Billie Jean King went out in the third round in 1973.
Players union must act now Baseball #39;s players union must step up to diffuse the growing drug-enhancement scandal that has gripped the nation #39;s pastime.
Dollar Stalls as Market Awaits Greenspan  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar barely moved on Tuesday as  most investors were reluctant to take positions ahead of an  address by the Federal Reserve chief that is expected to point  to further rises in U.S. interest rates this year.
High Court rules on Bernie Ecclestone Overnight in London a High Court judge ruled in favor of three shareholder banks who sought to gain control of a business they majority own, but is presently stacked with directors friendly to Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone, that ensures he retains 
Golf: Singh ends Tiger's reign Vijay Singh wins the Deutsche Bank Championship to take the number one ranking from Tiger Woods.
Iraq suicide bombing kills 10 An apparent suicide bomber detonated an explosives-packed vehicle on the outskirts of Fallujah on Monday, killing seven United States Marines and three Iraqi National Guard soldiers and wounding several others, the US military said.
Oil prices calm In a bid to relieve Western economies of the unprecedented rise in oil prices, Saudi Arabia has slashed prices for its crude sales for October.
AL Wrap: Orioles Celebrate Homecoming by Beating Twins Daniel Cabrera pitched 7 1/3 strong innings to help the Baltimore Orioles mark their return to Camden Yards after a two-week road trip with a 4-1 win over the Minnesota Twins in the American League Monday.
Worst rains in years kill dozens in PRC At least 79 people were killed and 74 were missing after some of the worst rainstorms in recent years triggered landslides and flash floods in southwest China, disaster relief officials said yesterday.
Japan Typhoon Causes Landslides, Floods TOKYO Sept. 6, 2004 - A powerful typhoon pounded Japan #39;s southern main island of Kyushu on Tuesday, grounding airplanes, halting trains and forcing thousands to evacuate their homes.
Official Campaign Opens in Afghan Presidential Poll  KABUL (Reuters) - The official month-long campaign for  Afghanistan's first-ever direct presidential election opened on  Tuesday in what will be a major test of U.S.-led  nation-building efforts since the 2001 ouster of the Taliban.
Perle Asserts Hollinger's Conrad Black Misled Him Richard N. Perle, a director at the media company Hollinger International who was criticized in an internal report, says he was duped by its former chief, Conrad M. Black.
Tokyo Stocks Rise on Economic Optimism The Nikkei average rose 0.53 percent by midsession on Tuesday as investors remained optimistic about Japan #39;s economy, buying banks such as Mizuho Financial Group and shares in firms tied to domestic business.
Dollar Stalls as Market Awaits Greenspan The dollar barely moved on Tuesday as most investors were reluctant to take positions ahead of an address by the Federal Reserve chief that is expected to point to further rises in US interest rates this year.
Oil ministers to discuss gas project NEW DELHI, Sept 6: Indian and Pakistani Oil Ministers are to meet to discuss the gas pipeline project that has been hanging fire for some years, Indian Foreign Minister Kunwar Natwar Singh said on Monday.
Long-standing Math Puzzle May Have Been Solved ONE of the seven great unsolved mysteries of mathematics may have been solved by an eccentric Russian. Grigori  #39;Grisha #39; Perelman is an expert on Ricci flow.
The digital student life Free Wi-Fi, subsidized music-download services, even free iPods at Duke University. There #39;s no question that high-tech perks are a fixture of today #39;s college experience.
VIEWPOINT: Better Russian planning would prevent siege deaths British-based Professor David Alexander is the head of the Disaster Management Subject Group at Coventry University #39;s School of Science and the Environment.
UPDATE 1-Open-Henin loses US Open crown, top ranking Justine Henin-Hardenne #39;s reign as US Open champion and world number one came to an abrupt and surprise end when she lost 6-3 6-2 to Russian Nadia Petrova in the fourth round at Flushing Meadows on Monday.
Federer, Henman Advance at US Open NEW YORK Sept. 6, 2004 - Top-seeded Roger Federer and No. 5 Tim Henman became the first men to reach the quarterfinals at the US Open on Monday, Federer on a walkover over Romanian Andrei Pavel and Henman 
Backe Keeps Astros in Rare Air The crowd in Houston was on its feet, beckoning the latest slugging surprise in the Astros #39; vaunted offense to reemerge from the dugout.
Notes: Mariners add four more Seattle added Aaron Taylor, Jeremy Reed, Mickey Lopez and Greg Dobbs to the Major League roster prior to the game Monday at Safeco Field.
Healthy-scratch Hull leaves practice in a huff ST. PAUL, Minn. - A winner of the World Cup of Hockey tournament has yet to be crowned, but newly signed Coyotes player Brett Hull already is assured an award - Most Unhappy Player.
BROWN #39;S PRAISE FOR BEARS CAPTAIN KNIGHT All-rounder Dougie Brown believes Nick Knight can lead Warwickshire to further success over the coming years after clinching the Frizzell County Championship.
PGA Player of the Year Singh ready for more in  #39;05 Vijay Singh, who took more than 20 years to get to the top of his profession, culminated his career year Monday when he was named 2004 Player of the Year on the PGA Tour.
Car bomb near rebel Iraqi city kills 7 US marines A car bomb attack on a US patrol outside the rebel-held city of Falluja on Monday killed seven American marines and three Iraqi National Guardsmen, in the deadliest single attack on US forces in five months.
Palestinian Authority Prevents Voter Registration Arab  quot;Palestinians quot; launched a voter registration drive Saturday, a first step toward long-overdue elections, and Palestinian Authority/Palestine Liberation Organization  quot;Chairman of Terror quot; Yasser Arafat promised that voting for parliament and president 
Israel and Russia agree to fight terrorism JERUSALEM: Israel and Russias foreign ministers inked a deal Monday to step up intelligence cooperation after the Beslan school tragedy, branding terrorism as the biggest challenge facing the international community.
Brooks Returns Star sophomore linebacker Ahmad Brooks is back with the first string after a curious demotion prior to the season-opening win over Temple last Saturday.
Thinking of Winchester Navy coaches remember Ron Winchester's gregarious personality Monday, four days after the former Midshipmen tackle was killed in the Al Anbar province in western Iraq.
Playoff Hopes in Peril Back-to-back drubbings at the hands of the Fever have plunged the Mystics into the Eastern Conference's cellar and endangered the team's postseason chances.
No To-Morrow The Ravens released their final 53-man roster Monday. The team terminated the contract of veteran fullback Harold Morrow, and waived eight other players.
BUBBA #39;S ILLNESS BAD NEWS FOR JOHN web sites) #39;s heart prob lem will make it even harder for John Kerry (news - web sites) to recover from his dramatic slippage in the polls, nervous New York Democrats said over the weekend.
FPL struggling to get lights back on for customers Florida Power  amp; Light Co. was only able to restore power to 45,400 customers in Palm Beach County between Sunday morning and Monday afternoon.
Future of National Irish and Northern Banks discussed by IBOA The Irish Bank Officials Association (IBOA) has held a strategy meeting about the future of National Irish and Northern Banks. It follows the recent High Court Inspectors report into National Irish Bank and 
Henin-Hardenne finally runs out of gas Justine Henin-Hardenne missed nearly four months with an energy-sapping virus and then, against most odds, won six matches in Athens and left with an Olympic gold medal.
Resurgent Davenport bests Venus Clearly, this is not the Venus Williams of old, so perhaps Lindsay Davenport #39;s 7-5, 6-4 fourth-round victory over Williams yesterday in the US Open no longer merits a gold star as a special achievement.
China #39;s Olympians welcomed in HK China #39;s victorious Olympic athletes have arrived in Hong Kong for a celebration of their record-breaking achievements. China picked up 32 gold medals at the Athens games, and came second only to the USA in the overall medals table.
Hull and Routine Grow Old Together for United States Some people still think of Brett Hull as his father #39;s son, but he has long been his own man. He showed it as an amateur two decades ago when he chose to play for the United States after Canada rejected him.
Host riding high before facing US in key World Cup qualifier BOSTON (Ticker) -- The United States men #39;s soccer team faces Panama in a potentially contentious and definitely critical World Cup qualifying match Wednesday night in Panama City.
Official Campaign Opens in Afghan Presidential Poll (Reuters) Reuters - The official month-long campaign for\Afghanistan's first-ever direct presidential election opened on\Tuesday in what will be a major test of U.S.-led\nation-building efforts since the 2001 ouster of the Taliban.
JVC Creates Environmentally Sound DVD Victor Co. of Japan said today it has succeeded in manufacturing an environmentally friendly DVD with a special plastic synthesized from corn starch.
Rally Offers Putin Support Over Hostage Bloodbath (Reuters) Reuters - Russian state television\predicted at least 100,000 people would attend a Moscow rally\on Tuesday to denounce terrorism, bolstering President Vladimir\Putin against critics over a Chechnya-linked hostage bloodbath.
OUTSIDE FALLUJAH: 7 Marines killed in car bombing Seven US Marines were killed on Monday when an apparent suicide car bomb exploded near their military convoy on the outskirts of Fallujah.
90 dead in China rain BEIJING, Sept 6: At least 90 people were killed and 77 were missing in torrential storms lashing southwest China, disaster relief officials said on Monday.
NL Wrap: Backe Pitches, Hits Astros to Win Over Reds (Reuters) Reuters - Brandon Backe pitched seven innings\and clubbed a two-run homer, the first of his major league\career, to earn the Houston Astros an 11-5 triumph over the\Cincinnati Reds in the National League Monday.
Karzai lives dangerously in Afghan hotseat (Reuters) Reuters - His fluency in several Afghan languages, his first-name friendships with world leaders and his familiarity to voters across the country should guarantee success for Afghan President Hamid Karzai in October elections.
An Actor Working on Madison Avenue Rob Huebel, a New York comedian and commercial actor, hopes to find the intersection of Madison Avenue and Hollywood Boulevard.
Untimely Injuries Force Quick Exits at US Open A rash of injuries struck the US Open men #39;s draw on Monday, with Nicolas Kiefer succumbing to a wrist injury, Sargis Sargsian fighting through knee trouble 
Frances-related accident claims Bowden relatives The grandson and former son-in-law of Florida State coach Bobby Bowden were killed late Sunday when their car was hit by a utility truck traveling from Texas to Florida to help restore power outages caused by Hurricane Frances.
Argos WR Andre Rison seems a little underwhelmed by his CFL debut HAMILTON (CP) - Andre Rison has been to five NFL Pro Bowls and owns a Super Bowl ring. So maybe that #39;s why he seemed a little underwhelmed by his CFL debut in a thrilling and bizarre 30-30 Labour Day tie between 
Weeping Families Bury Their Dead as Siege Criticism Grows Funeral processions filled the rainy streets of Beslan, carrying coffins large and small, as townspeople buried scores of victims of a carefully planned school siege that prosecutors linked to a Chechen rebel leader.
Israeli Air Strike Kills Militants at  #39;Terror Training Field #39; Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training field in Gaza City, killing at least 13 militants and wounding 25 other Palestinians, witnesses said, in the bloodiest incident there in four months.
Macromedia starts meter on Web conferencing New pay-as-you-go pricing for Breeze Live service is meant to attract small businesses.
Blue Gene gets to its roots at Japan lab IBM sells its fourth supercomputer--to tackle the protein-folding challenge that inspired the computer in the first place.
Banks, insurers lead Nikkei higher Japanese stocks rose on Tuesday on expectations that a Government report later today would provide further evidence of strength in the world #39;s second-largest economy.
Editor sacked, Arab TV bureau chief arrested over Beslan coverage MOSCOW (Russia): The editor of Russia #39;s top daily Izvestia was forced to resign Monday after its owner ruled that the paper #39;s coverage of the Beslan school hostage crisis was  quot;too emotional quot;.
Turkish scheme to outlaw adultery  #39;threatens EU talks #39; The European Commission laid out its opposition to plans by Turkey to criminalise adultery yesterday. The proposed law threatens to destabilise Ankara #39;s bid to open EU entry talks.
Helping Frequent Fliers Redeem Miles for Tickets, Online Thanks to new technology, it will soon be easier to find out what is available in the murky realm of frequent-flier travel redemption.
Konarka to Acquire Solar Technology Konarka Technologies is expected to announce that it has acquired from Siemens of Germany the technology to print power cells on flexible sheets of plastic.
First witness for Milosevic due  The first defence witness in the war crimes trial of  Slobodan Milosevic trial is set to take the stand.
Departure sparks reshuffle fever Work and Pensions Secretary Andrew Smith's resignation prompts speculation about a Cabinet reshuffle.
Nokia #39;s Goal: Cell-Phone Planet The biggest-selling electronic product in the world is mobile phones. Analysts estimate that consumers from Canada to China will snap up more than 600 million handsets this year -- five times the number of TVs or personal computers expected to sell.
Singhs win topples Tiger from top Vijay Singh of Fiji, right, smiles at Tiger Woods on the 18th green after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston on Monday in Norton, Mass.
Davenport turns away Venus Of course, for those same three years, Venus owned pretty much everybody else, too, save for sister Serena. But of late, with Lindsay aging a lot more than just gracefully in what was assumed 
Yankees Win Controversial Game Against Devil Rays (Reuters) Reuters - Alex Rodriguez drove in three runs and\Orlando Hernandez pitched seven strong innings to guide the New\York Yankees past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-4 in the American\League Monday.
China to crackdown on human trafficking amid growing gender imbalance (AFP) AFP - Chinese police have intensified a crackdown on trafficking of women and children as increasing numbers of females are sold into marriage in areas where gender imbalances are growing, state press said.
Mizuho Securities, Japanese farmers #39; bank to boost ties TOKYO : The brokerage arm of Japan #39;s biggest lender, the Mizuho Financial Group, and Norinchukin Bank, the umbrella bank for farmers #39; cooperatives, are considering expanding their ties, an official said.
Economy steady but job growth moderate Job creation improved in August, but employment is below 50-year average, giving fodder to Kerry and Bush. By Ron Scherer  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
UK Regulator Issues VoIP Numbering Plan Ofcom, the official telecom regulator for the UK, published its approach to new voice services, including Voice over Broadband (VoB) phone services.
Babies prefer attractive faces Researchers at Britain #39;s University of Exeter found newborn babies, despite blurred vision, prefer to look at an attractive face.
Agassi wins; Federer next NEW YORK Andre Agassi made short work of marathon man Sargis Sargsian yesterday and moved on to an incredibly attractive matchup at the US Open: Next up, top-seeded Roger Federer in the quarterfinals.
GOLF ROUNDUP: Singh leads Woods, close to top spot Singh shot 68 to widen his lead over Tiger Woods at the Deutsche Bank Championship, putting him one round from his sixth victory of the year and the No.
Sports: Petrova upsets top seed Henin-Hardenne NEW YORK Justine Henin-Hardenne (EH #39;-nen ahr-DEN #39;) has failed to successfully defend her US Open title, and she #39;s losing her number-one ranking to boot.
Two Embarrassments The latest international decision related to the Lebanese sovereignty will be, for a long, the main dividing political factor in the country, and the justification used for this division.
Alitalia plans to cut 5,000 jobs Alitalia, Italy #39;s largest airline, told its union Monday it plans to cut 5,000 jobs, or more than a quarter of its regular workforce, according to published reports.
US Airways pilots union rejects offer Leaders of the US Airways pilots union decided last night not to allow 3,000 rank-and-file pilots to vote on a \$295 million cost-cutting proposal, increasing the likelihood of a US Airways bankruptcy this month.
Hurricane spares shuttles, but ... Hurricane Frances spared NASA #39;s depleted shuttle fleet but ripped away siding from a towering landmark Kennedy Space Center facility, exposing the critical enclosure to the 
New iMac puts mean into lean In early July, Apple stopped taking orders for iMacs, saying it had planned to have the next generation iMac available that month.
Rocket failure refuels dream of \$10 million Other people might have been discouraged, but Eric Meier and Phillip Storm have been upbeat since their 23-foot-long Rubicon 1 rocket blew up last month in a test flight near Queets, Wash.
Intel lauds milestone in shrinking chips AP - Contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry #39;s pace of development is slowing, Intel Corp announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next-generation chips.
GOLF NOTEBOOK Singh, not Tiger, shows killer instinct The gotcha moment, the beginning of the end of a golfing era, came at the fifth-to-the-last hole of the Deutsche Bank Championship.
US Open: Agassi sharpens his game for Federer In 1939, a young Joe Louis fought a heavyweight title bout against close friend John Henry Lewis, a longtime light heavyweight champion.
UNDATED: in 41 chances. Ryan Klesko singled in the go-ahead run with none out in the eighth inning and San Diego ended St. Louis #39; nine-game winning streak.
Mariners Notebook: Call-ups wowed by Safeco When Greg Dobbs and Jeremy Reed were called into Tacoma manager Dan Rohn #39;s office on Sunday afternoon, they knew why. So did Mickey Lopez.
No Kashmir solutions in India-Pakistan talks NEW DELHI -- The Indian and Pakistani foreign ministers ended two days of peace talks yesterday with promises of more negotiations on trust-building measures but no sign of progress toward resolving their pivotal dispute over the divided Himalayan region 
Padres Clobber Cardinals 7-3 SAN DIEGO - Ryan Klesko singled in the go-ahead run with none out in the eighth inning and the San Diego Padres beat St. Louis 7-3 Monday night to keep alive their slim playoff hopes and end the Cardinals' nine-game winning streak...
OPEC chief sees relief The head of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries forecast on Monday that global crude prices would soon fall, partly because of expected supply increases from Iraq.
Yukos ready to open new accounts Russia #39;s top oil exporter, Yukos, said yesterday it would open new bank accounts to fund its daily operations after bailiffs seized accounts of its main oil-producing units.
Markets keep eye on earnings NEW YORK - Investors will be looking ahead to the Federal Reserve #39;s meeting and third-quarter earnings forecasts in Wall Street #39;s short trading week after the Labor Day holiday.
Gentlemen, Start Your Rockets Hoping to promote transatlantic tourism, French-born New York hotelier Raymond Orteig in 1919 pledged a prize of \$25,000 -- worth about \$750,000 today -- for the first nonstop flight between New York and France.
Contract chip makers spared Intel #39;s woes, for now Singapore/Taipei, September 6: The world #39;s top contract chip makers are not yet feeling the slowdown in demand that led Intel Corp to cut its third-quarter forecasts, but analysts say the relief may be just temporary.
Army aid as China floods kill 100 BEIJING, China -- Torrential floods in southwest China have killed as many as 100 people prompting officials to call in the military to help rescue scores of people and locate dozens of missing.
Red Sox Clobber Athletics 8-3 (AP) AP - David Ortiz homered and drove in four runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to their 12th win in 13 games, a wild 8-3 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Monday night.
Britain honours war heroes from Iraqi, Afghan campaigns (AFP) AFP - A sergeant who led a an attack on Iraqi forces despite being wounded and a Gurkha who saved the life of a US soldier in Afghanistan are among 90 British servicemen and women to be awarded military honours on Tuesday.
Army to Rebid Halliburton Contract -WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Army plans within months to  break up Halliburton Co.'s contract to provide support services  for U.S. troops in Iraq -- valued at up to \$13 billion -- and  open the work to competitive bids, the Wall Street Journal said  on Tuesday, citing an internal Army memorandum.
Sales in line: Wal-Mart new yorkWal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s Number 1 retailer, says September sales at US stores open at least a year are tracking in line with the company #39;s forecast for a 2 to 4 per cent increase, though Wal-Mart expects Hurricane Frances will briefly 
The wake of Frances Airport sleepover: Hundreds of people made Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport their temporary home the last few days, sleeping in makeshift beds of pushed-together chairs and using clothing for blankets.
Sony takes aim at iPod, but its mobile stereo not as good A quarter century after Sony Corp. first shipped the legendary Walkman personal stereo, the electronics giant is launching a high-tech model that aims to topple Apple Computer Inc.
USA #39;s Hull fumes over benching Former Red Wing Brett Hull won #39;t be in the lineup again tonight, when the United States faces Russia in the quarterfinals of the World Cup of Hockey, and he #39;s not happy about it.
Seattle calls up four from minors - including prospect Jeremy Reed Super prospect Jeremy Reed and right-hander Aaron Taylor, who is making a comeback from surgery, were among four minor-leaguers called up by the Seattle Mariners on Monday.
Israeli Missiles Kill 13 Militants GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Sept. 7, 2004 - Israeli helicopters fired missiles at a Hamas training field in Gaza City early Tuesday, killing at least 13 militants and wounding 25 other Palestinians, witnesses 
Roadside bomb kills US soldier A US soldier was killed and another wounded Monday night when a roadside bomb exploded as their military convoy passed by on a road near Baghdad, according to the US military.
Caribbean Islands Prepare for Hurricane BRIDGETOWN, Barbados Sept. 7, 2004 - Islanders scrambled to put up storm shutters and buy water ahead of Hurricane Ivan, as it churned toward Barbados with 105 mph winds just days after Hurricane Frances tore across the Caribbean.
Syria raps UN over Lebanon resolution Syria Monday rapped the UN Security Council for passing a resolution which demands Syria #39;s respect for Lebanon #39;s sovereignty and withdrawal of its troops from the neighboring country, but turning a blind eye to Israeli  quot;aggression quot; against the Palestinians 
Suspected bird flu claims baby's life in Vietnam (AFP) AFP - A 14-month-old baby boy in Vietnam has died from suspected bird flu despite claims by the government that the deadly disease has been brought under control, officials said.
Unions may block Alitalia rescue The Italian airline is facing resistance from unions against its plan to evade bankruptcy by cutting 5,000 jobs.
Israeli Missiles Kill 13 Militants GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Israeli helicopters fired missiles at a Hamas training field in Gaza City early Tuesday, killing at least 13 militants and wounding 25 other Palestinians, witnesses said, in the bloodiest attack there in four months.    In a statement, the Israeli military said the air force targeted a field Hamas used to assemble a large bomb and a suicide bomber's vest, practice hijacking vehicles and train in preparing and firing mortars and rockets...
Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s Nikkei Rises, Led by KDDI; Taiwan Gains Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average rose, led by KDDI Corp. and Marui Co., on expectations the government will boost its growth estimate for the world #39;s second- largest economy on Friday.
China to Let Individuals Trade in Gold China #39;s gold-crazed masses will be allowed to trade in the precious metal under reforms that will upgrade trading on the country #39;s nascent market, state media reported Tuesday.
FOCUS: Santander Says HBOS Counterbid To Face Problems LONDON (Dow Jones)--Banco Santander Central Hispano SA (STD), the Spanish bank planning to buy UK lender Abbey National PLC (ANBA), Monday attacked its potential domestic 
Beckham Main Worry for Eriksson Sven-Goran Eriksson is counting on David Beckham being able to prove his fitness for tomorrows vital World Cup qualifier in Poland despite a rib injury.
Ortiz, Red Sox set fire to bats at home of A #39;s OAKLAND, CALIF. - David Ortiz homered and drove in four runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to their 12th win in 13 games, a wild 8-3 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Monday night.
Notes: Finger sidelines Damon The last time Johnny Damon was at the Network Associates Coliseum before Monday, he doesn #39;t remember leaving. The date was Oct. 6, 2003.
Seattle calls up four from minors on expanded roster The Seattle Mariners called up four minor leaguers Monday, completing right-hander Aaron Taylor #39;s comeback from surgery. The 27-year-old Taylor spent most of the season on the disabled list after surgery one 
Angry Russians rally over siege More than 100,000 people are expected in central Moscow at an  quot;anti-terror quot; rally amid mounting rage across the country over the bloody hostage siege in southern Russia.
Malaysian PM denies deal with Anwar KUALA LUMPUR - Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi has denied that he struck a deal with rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim before Anwar was freed last week after nearly six years in jail.
Israel Loses Spy Satellite (CBS/AP) A sophisticated Israeli spy satellite plummeted into the Mediterranean Sea shortly after launch, dealing a blow to Israeli efforts to keep an eye on Iran #39;s alleged nuclear weapons program.
Vijay Singh Beats Tiger Woods to Take No. 1 Ranking (Update1) Vijay Singh ended the five-year run of Tiger Woods as the world #39;s No. 1-ranked golfer, beating Woods and Adam Scott by three shots at the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Yankees win, denied forfeit NEW YORK - After a daylong wait for an afternoon doubleheader that was turned into a single night game, the New York Yankees found their 1-2-3 punch.
Highlights of the college football weekend College football fans welcomed back the first full weekend of the season with plenty of excitement and storylines over a holiday weekend packed with action.
Hurricane Ivan Continues To Churn Towards The Caribbean MIAMI, FL, Tues. Sept. 7: Dangerous Hurricane Ivan maintained its intensity at 11 pm last night churning just about 210 miles... A hurricane warning remained in effect for Barbados last night along with St.
Roadside Bomb Targets Baghdad Governor, 1 Killed (Reuters) Reuters - Guerrillas detonated a roadside bomb in\Baghdad on Tuesday as the convoy of the Baghdad governor was\passing, killing one bystander, witnesses and police at the\scene said.
Dollar Slips Vs. Yen as Greenspan Awaited  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar slipped against the yen in  thin trade on Tuesday, but its losses were limited as investors  waited on an address by the Federal Reserve chief that is  expected to point to further rises in U.S. interest rates.
Bob Evans Computer Scientist Bob Evans, 77, a computer scientist who helped popularize personal computing and served as a scientific adviser to the Taiwanese government, died of a heart ailment Sept.
Yukos feels heat Prosecutors tightened the screws on Yukos yesterday, calling in the oil giant #39;s top in-house lawyer for questioning after searching his office and apartment on the same day the company challenged 
QBE shares lift on Europe merger move Shares in Sydney-based QBE Insurance Group Ltd shot up 3.4 per cent on Tuesday after it announced a management restructure of its European operations.
Airbus confirms Boeing assault The company #39;s CEO says an aircraft to compete with the 7E7 Dreamliner could be offered by the end of the year. Airbus SAS plans to challenge Boeing Co.
Former Merrill Lynch banker seeks millions Stephanie Villalba, a former top Merrill Lynch banker, lost her job because she was difficult to work with, unwilling to travel and lacked the leadership skills to turn around the loss-making division she ran, a British employment tribunal in London was 
Canada drips with oil, but it #39;s tough to get at Any serious effort to ease America #39;s addiction to Middle East oil starts near this Alberta boomtown cut out of Canada #39;s great boreal forest.
Oracle #39;s Improved Business Suite At the Open World conference, which commenced yesterday in London, Oracle laid out the most comprehensive offering yet of its Business Suite of applications and unveiled new procurement applications for contracts and services.
Gerrard - knows England are under pressure. (Getty Images) Steven Gerrard is confident that England can handle the pressure-cooker situation they will find themselves in when they tackle Poland in Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier.
Winners go full Force at Nationals John Force didn #39;t score his fifth victory in the National Hot Rod Association #39;s biggest event Monday at Indianapolis Raceway Park.
Sox stay in groove It #39;s that time of year, the suspenseful countdown to October when Kevin Millar, the Texas rally rustler, whips up a way to inspire the Red Sox as if they were defending the Alamo.
CC hits cruise control For CC Sabathia, his 5-0 win Monday night over the Mariners proved to be uncharted terrain. No, it had nothing to do with it being a shutout.
Eskimos chill Stampeders CALGARY -- After losing the annual Labour Day Classic last year to the Calgary Stampeders, the Edmonton Eskimos wanted revenge. The Eskimos built up a 19-0 first-half lead and held on for a 25-7 win yesterday 
NL notebook: Beware right field: Sosa, Grieve injured Sammy Sosa was out of the lineup against the Montreal Expos yesterday because of bursitis in his right hip. And his replacement, Ben Grieve, was injured while making a catch.
Sensex stays rangebound in early Tuesday trade After resuming barely steady, the Sensex moved in a very narrow range during the opening session on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Tuesday on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Australia leaders accused of point scoring The government was accused of politicizing the military trials of two Australian terror suspects ahead of October 9 elections when it called on Washington to tighten legal procedures to ensure hearings at the US base in Cuba are fair.
Vijay takes win in stride NORTON -- Most people will look back on the final round of the 2004 Deutsche Bank Championship and think,  quot;wasnt that poetic quot; -- Vijay Singh overtakes Tiger Woods in the world rankings by beating him head-to-head on the golf course.
Bush Picks Mo. for Labor Day Campaigning (AP) AP - Pressing his advantage, President Bush is campaigning by bus in Missouri, where rival John Kerry needs help from a state Democratic Party that faces problems of its own.
Nikkei Hits Five-Week Closing High  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei rose 0.49 percent to a  five-week closing high on Tuesday as growing optimism about the  domestic economic outlook buoyed small-cap stocks, but recent  gainers like miners fell on profit-taking.
Putin: No Talks with Separatist 'Child-Killers'  MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin attacked the  West for calling on Russia to seek political dialogue with  Chechen separatists in the wake of last week's school hostage  siege in which at least 335 died -- half of them children.
Roadside Bomb Targets Baghdad Governor, 1 Killed  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Guerrillas tried to assassinate  Baghdad's governor on Tuesday, opening fire on his convoy and  then detonating a bomb in a van parked by the roadside, police  and government officials said.
Typhoon Songda Pounds South Japan, Snarls Transport  TOKYO (Reuters) - Powerful typhoon Songda made landfall in  southern Japan on Tuesday, pounding the region with torrential  rains and high winds that forced evacuations, caused blackouts  and brought public transport to a virtual standstill.
Weather dampens High Street sales UK High Street spending growth slows in August, partly hit by wet weather, a British Retail Consortium survey finds.
Easyjet reports passenger jump UK budget airline Easyjet sees passenger numbers jump by 24 in August compared with the same month last year
Baghdad governor escapes attack The governor of Baghdad escapes unhurt when a roadside bomb explodes near his convoy.
Slip in demand lowers prices for seats on NYSE New York Stock Exchange members seeking to rent their trading rights outnumber brokers who want them, as profits decline at the world #39;s biggest stock exchange.
FX Asia: Kiwi To Add To 9-Yr High Vs Aussie On Rate Gap WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--The New Zealand dollar is likely to add to its nine-year high against its Australian counterpart if, as expected, the two countries 
Anderson makes NHRA history with US Nationals win Greg Anderson has so dominated Pro Stock this season that his championship quest has evolved into a pursuit of NHRA history. By Bob Hesser, Racers Edge Photography.
Offence takes day off The Men in Black had no attack. The Calgary Stampeders -- sporting their black jerseys for the first time in two years -- sputtered on offence from the opening kickoff to the final gun as the Edmonton Eskimos 
Effects of hurricane could delay space shuttle launch NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center suffered more damage from Hurricane Frances than any storm in its history, but escaped devastation that could have ended the US human space flight program.
Israel hits Hamas training camp in the deadliest attack in Gaza for nearly four months, as Israel strikes back after a double suicide bombing. field used at night as a training base for militants, locals said.
Pakistan rejects US claim that bin Laden near capture ISLAMABAD (AFP) - Pakistan Monday rejected as pre-election politicking a US official #39;s weekend claim that Osama bin Laden was close to being captured.
Army to Rebid Halliburton Contract -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Army plans within months to\break up Halliburton Co.'s contract to provide support services\for U.S. troops in Iraq -- valued at up to  #36;13 billion -- and\open the work to competitive bids, the Wall Street Journal said\on Tuesday, citing an internal Army memorandum.
Steelers Uncertain of Bell's Status (AP) AP - For the second straight season, the Pittsburgh Steelers might go into their opener without one of their key defensive players.
Japan's foreign reserves hit record high in August (AFP) AFP - Japan's foreign exchange reserves at the end of August rose 8.75 billion dollars from July to a record 827.95 billion dollars for the fourth consecutive monthly rise, the finance ministry said.
Iraq Governor Survives Assassination Bid (AP) AP - An explosion targeted the Baghdad governor's convoy as he was traveling through the capital Tuesday, killing two people but leaving him uninjured, the Interior Ministry said.
Digital Gear: Gadgets, Networks Go Mobile (PC World) PC World - A high-capacity cigar, keys to the Internet, disc repair tools, Bluetooth add-on kit, and more.
Co-Op Puts A New Twist On Open Source (TechWeb) TechWeb - Eight companies hope to cut costs and improve quality by sharing software code.
Oracle biding time while court tackles PeopleSoft takeover Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle Corp. is biding its time and preparing for the integration of PeopleSoft 
Gamecocks Coach Lou Holtz Goes Hopeful (AP) AP - When coach Lou Holtz set out to revamp South Carolina's losing culture this offseason, he took a look at himself as well.
Australian opposition rushes out tax policy to halt poll slide (AFP) AFP - Australia's opposition Labor Party tried to revitalise its election campaign, promising tax breaks for families and the lower paid as new opinion polls showed its lead had disappeared.
Done -- and 1 Where a day earlier there had been pleasure over the news that the Deutsche Bank Championship had committed to two more years at TPC Boston, yesterday there was a hint of a letdown -- that the final round had to end.
Digital Gear: Gadgets, Networks Go Mobile A high-capacity cigar, keys to the Internet, disc repair tools, Bluetooth add-on kit, and more.
Quarterback faceoff a bit of a throwback With precision passing, Joe Montana directed the San Francisco 49ers to four Super Bowl titles. Dan Marino used his amazing arm to amass more than 61,000 passing yards in an unforgettable career with the Miami Dolphins.
NL notables Brandon Backe hit the first home run by an Astros pitcher since Ron Villone smacked one Aug. 15, 2003.
Yankees settle for single win After a daylong wait for an afternoon doubleheader that got turned into a single night game, the New York Yankees found their 1-2 punch.
It's Dungy's turn to play defense Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy is often characterized as the individual on the NFL's Competition Committee most responsible for getting the 5-yard chuck rule enforced this season. But in a conference call with Patriots media yesterday, Dungy said that wasn't the case.
Finns gladly take tip from Eloranta Former Bruin Mikko Eloranta tipped a shot past Olaf Kolzig with 3:22 left, lifting Finland to a 2-1 win over Germany yesterday and into the semifinals of the World Cup of Hockey.
Scott's birdie string runs out He had his chances. Oh, did Adam Scott have his chances for a repeat victory in the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston yesterday. After igniting the inbound nine of his final-round 65 with birdies on Nos. 10 through 13, Scott narrowly missed opportunities on his next four holes.
Commonwealth Large capsules GREATER LAWRENCE Coach: Steve Berard (fifth year, 12-30). Last year's record: 2-8. Returning starters: N/A. Returning lettermen: N/A. Strength: Numbers. Weakness: Lack of winning tradition. Outlook: After a tough season in which the Reggies picked up just two victories and went winless in league play, things can only get better. Steve Berard's squad was often mentioned as a sleeper in ...
Patriot League capsules DUXBURY Coach: Don Dellorco (22d year, 143-72-9). Last year's record: 9-1-2. Returning starters (6): Peter Bizinkauskas, TE, 6-1, 190, Sr.; Tim Confer, TB/CB, 6-0, 180, Sr.; Shaun Croscup, C, 6-0, 225, Sr.; Matt Johnston, NG, 5-10, 180, Sr.; Ryan Mullin, FB/LB, 5-8, 170, Jr.; Chris Nixon, TB, 5-10, 170, Jr. Returning lettermen (11): Steve Ahern, S, Sr.; Tim Griswold, OT/DT, ...
Amcor cleans out top management ranks Amcor has today revealed a thorough trashing and a top level clean out at the packaging giant over possible breaches of the Trade Practices Act after the company said certain officers and 
Rivalry you can bank on For employees at Bank of America's headquarters, lunch time presents geographic as well as culinary challenges. Workers must choose whether to walk a couple of blocks to the city's most popular sandwich shops, which happen to be clustered near the headquarters of Wachovia Corp. , Bank of America's cross-town rival.
Deciphering the Nasdaq The fall season that greets us this month is usually the best time to make money with technology stocks. So, does the Nasdaq stock index, drooping with a decline of about 8 percent so far this year, really represent the investing world's view of technology right now?
Bush, Kerry spar over drug benefit Republicans who led chants of  quot;flip-flop! quot; at the GOP convention in New York last week say they have new ammunition against presidential candidate John F. Kerry, who is on record as being both for and against a provision prohibiting Medicare from negotiating lower prices with drug companies.
MRI machines adapt to newest patients: pets Fido may not be able to say where it hurts, but veterinarians at Angell Animal Medical Center in Jamaica Plain will be able to peer into his brain with an MRI being installed this month.
Alitalia to cut 5,000 jobs in shake-up Italy's flagship air carrier Alitalia plans to cut 5,000 jobs as part of restructuring efforts aimed at averting collapse, news reports and an industry source said yesterday.
Saudi Arabia cuts oil prices Oil prices eased yesterday as top world exporter Saudi Arabia slashed prices for its westbound crude sales in an effort to shift the large volumes it is offering to cool world markets.
Compromises urged amid deadlock in Darfur talks ABUJA, Nigeria -- Peace talks on Sudan's violence-torn Darfur region are deadlocked, a mediator said yesterday, as the chief of the African Union appealed to the Sudanese government and rebels to compromise.
Four Cabinet members quit over term battle BEIRUT -- Four Cabinet ministers resigned yesterday to protest the extension of President Emile Lahoud's term, part of a bruising political battle that divided allies and drew the attention of the UN Security Council. The ministers' resignations were not expected to bring down the 30-member government of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. But they prompted Lahoud to convene a meeting with ...
13 Palestinians killed in Gaza strike GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training field yesterday morning, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25 in the bloodiest strike in Gaza in months, officials from both sides said. Most of the casualties allegedly were members of the anti-Israeli militant group.
No progress reported after talks on Kashmir NEW DELHI -- The Indian and Pakistani foreign ministers ended two days of peace talks yesterday with promises of more negotiations on trust-building measures but no sign of progress toward resolving the pivotal dispute over the divided Himalayan region of Kashmir.
Victims mourned, officials criticized BESLAN, Russia -- Funeral processions filled the rainy streets of this southern Russian city yesterday, carrying coffins large and small, as townspeople buried scores of victims of a carefully planned school standoff that prosecutors linked to a Chechen rebel leader.
Viking burial site found in England LONDON -- Archeologists in northwestern England have found a burial site of six Viking men and women, complete with swords, spears, jewelry, fire-making materials, and riding equipment, officials said yesterday.
Gentler interrogation is working, US says BAGHDAD -- The US military is reaping more high-quality intelligence tips from Iraqi prisoners than ever, since it jettisoned several coercive interrogation techniques after the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal in May, the American general in charge of Iraqi prisons said yesterday.
You take the bus, Ill take the limo America is riveted by the story emerging in court of how former Disney president Michael Ovitz, now being sued over his 74 million pay-off, shocked even Hollywood with his grandiose behaviour.
The Fungi Hunt: So Many Species, Ripe for Finding For mycologists  mushroom hunters  working in the mountains of Belize, there's little glamour, but many mysteries to solve.
In a Wife's Request at Her Husband's Deathbed, Ethics Are an Issue In the midst of tragedy, a wife asks if it is possible to retrieve and store some of her husband's sperm after his death.
A Sociologist With an Advanced Degree in Calamity Kathleen Tierney, a disaster researcher, says that catastrophes change the way people experience time.
Where the Healing Touch Starts With the Hospital Design A sprinkling of architects and designers around the world are working to greatly change hospitals by humanizing their design.
5,000 Alitalia jobs may be slashed Alitalia, Italy #39;s largest airline, said it plans to cut 5,000 jobs, or about a quarter of its regular work force, and split into two companies to save \$1.
Merrill #39;s \$1ma week liability THE banker at the centre of Britain #39;s biggest sex discrimination case was losing her firm almost \$1ma week, a tribunal has been told.
Pakistan to consider Indian diesel export offer NEW DELHI: Pakistan will consider India #39;s offer of diesel export to boost cooperation on the energy front, said Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri here Monday.
Matsushita To Launch World #39;s Largest Plasma TV TOKYO, SEPT 6: Panasonic brand products maker Matsushita Electric Industrial Co said on Monday it will launch the world #39;s largest plasma display television, with a screen measuring 65-inches diagonally, on Oct 1 in Japan.
Astros pitcher supplies the pop The crowd was on its feet, beckoning the latest slugging surprise in the Astros offense to re-emerge from the dugout. Already seated and oblivious to the cheers, Brandon Backe 
Valverde puts heat on Tour leaders Alejandro Valverde threw down the gauntlet to the other contenders in the Tour of Spain cycle race by winning stage three between Burgos and Soria.
Golf: Cool-head Luke up for the cup LUKE DONALD will tell Bernhard Langer next week he is confident enough to be paired with any of his European team-mates in the Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills.
Cubs top Expos on five homers Ramirez hit two two-run homers and right-hander Carlos Zambrano allowed four hits in eight innings Monday, leading the Chicago Cubs to a 9-1 victory over the Montreal Expos.
Israeli Strike in Gaza Kills at Least 14 Palestinians Israeli attack helicopters, warplanes and tanks hit a training camp in Gaza, used by the Islamic militant group Hamas. Palestinian sources say 14 militants were killed and another 30 people injured.
Palestinians prepare to vote Voter registration has begun throughout the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip in preparation for possible general and local elections next year.
Russia School Siege Stokes Ethnic Tensions (AP) AP - Raya Archakova says she's afraid to send her 17-year-old daughter to English lessons after last week's school siege, but not because she's worried about another terrorist attack.
Spammers exploit anti-spam trap Spammers have become enthusiastic adopters of technology designed to spot and stop them.
Japan optimism pushes Asia higher TOKYO, Japan -- Asian stocks closed mainly higher Tuesday, led by Japanese banks and insurers. Taiwan and Singapore did best in the region.
Matsushita to unveil world #39;s largest plasma display Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd announced Monday it will launch a 65-inch high-definition plasma display on October 1. The latest model of the Viera series will be the 
Indians #39; long balls leave Mariners 0-for-September Ichiro Suzuki inched closer to the Major League hits record with a 2-for-4 night. They were two of just five hits Seattle managed against Cleveland starter CC 
Rochus runs aground in 5-set loss to Hrbaty The Little Engine That Could simply couldn #39;t any longer. Olivier Rochus, who stood much taller than his 5-foot-5-inch frame in two big 
Ortiz double breaks it open They once again escaped with a victory in a game that had the same type of tension that marked the last time they played at Network Associates Coliseum, the home of the always formidable Oakland Athletics.
Recharged Americans confident A well-rested US team is eager for a rematch against Russia. It #39;ll get it tonight in a World Cup of Hockey quarter-final elimination game (CBC, 6 pm).
Putin Attacks West #39;s Chechnya Double Standard, Independent Says Russian President Vladimir Putin said Western countries observe double standards when they call Chechen separatists rebels instead of terrorists, the Independent reported.
Turkey Must Increase Kurds #39; Rights -Verheugen Turkey must go further in improving its Kurdish minority #39;s cultural rights, EU Enlargement Commissioner Guenter Verheugen said on Tuesday.
Alitalia, Cushy #39; Jobs Machine, Faces Cost Cuts (Update1) Every morning at 7:45, Alitalia SpA Flight 1022 leaves Rome #39;s Fiumicino Airport for Milan #39;s Malpensa Airport. An average of 80 seats on the Airbus 320, 60 percent of the total, are occupied 
Softbank, Dentsu, Nippon Meat to Join Nikkei 225 Next Month Softbank Corp., Dentsu Inc. and Nippon Meat Packers Inc. will be added to the Nikkei 225 Stock Average, the compiler of the 55-year-old benchmark said.
New Internet magazine grooms women for jihad DUBAI:  quot;Our main mission: push our children to the battlefield, like Al-Khansaa, quot; declares Umm Raad al-Tamimi in a newly-launched online magazine teaching women how to contribute to jihad, or holy war.
Fiji proud of its new king of golf Vijay Singh #39;s rise to No. 1 in golf could be a tonic for old ethnic divisions in Fiji, even if it takes a while for his achievement to sink in.
Petrova upends Henin-Hardenne Justine Henin-Hardenne looked up at the scoreboard that showed her opponent, Russian Nadia Petrova, leading by a set and a break. Then 
Virgin in Talks With Chinese Telecom Firm British conglomerate Virgin Group Ltd. announced Tuesday that it is in talks with a mainland Chinese telecommunications company to set up a joint venture to provide mobile services in China.
AP: Iran Nuke Fuel Program Starts at Mine (AP) AP - Iran's campaign to control the nuclear fuel cycle starts deep under this barren patch of desert, in a mine that engineers expect to start yielding uranium ore in less than two years.
ESPN Star Sports challenge India cricket rights (Reuters) Reuters - Walt Disney Co. and News Corp. are to challenge in court the conditional award of Indian cricket TV rights to local media firm Zee Telefilms Ltd., their ESPN Star Sports joint venture said on Tuesday.
Dollar Soft Pedals, Waits on Greenspan  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar eased further off last week's  highs on the euro and yen on Tuesday as the market awaited a  speech by Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan which was  expected to confirm a measured pace of interest rate rises.
Will IAMGold merger deal pass or fail? The crucial Gold Fields shareholder vote on whether to merge Gold Fields #39; international mining assets and those of Canada #39;s IAMGold is set to take place on Tuesday, with the result hanging in the balance.
Welcome for freed Kenyan truckers Three Kenyan drivers held hostage by militants in Iraq for 42 days return to Nairobi to an emotional welcome.
Kerry Launches Second Attack on Bush Hitting President Bush on the issues of jobs and the war in Iraq, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is moving aggressively in the face of polls showing his candidacy lagging.    Campaigning in North Carolina, a state hurt by job losses, Kerry says he would end tax breaks for companies that outsource overseas...
AP: Iran Nuke Fuel Program Starts at Mine SAGHAND, Iran - Iran's campaign to control the nuclear fuel cycle starts deep under this barren patch of desert, in a mine that engineers expect to start yielding uranium ore in less than two years.    Elsewhere in central Iran, the ore will be processed into yellowcake powder and then into uranium hexaflouride gas, and the gas injected into centrifuges to be enriched into fuel...
Softbank, Dentsu, Nippon Meat to Join Nikkei Average (Update1) Softbank Corp., Dentsu Inc. and Nippon Meat Packers Inc. will be added to the Nikkei 225 Stock Average, according to the provider of the 55-year-old benchmark.
NATO, Russia to discuss school siege NATO Secretary-General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer has called a meeting of NATO states and Russia on Tuesday to discuss the siege of a school by Chechen separatists in which more than 335 people died, a NATO spokesman said.
We #39;ll get it right, claims Gerrard With team spirit integral to sporting success, it #39;s hardly surprising that everyone in the England camp wants Wayne Bridge to do well.
McLaren aim to spoil Ferrari #39;s party Kimi Raikkonen #39;s well-deserved win in the Belgian Grand Prix has revived hopes of the last few races of the year being genuinely competitive.
Sox pick up where they left off vs. A #39;s: Roll up 8-3 win in return &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Catching the New York Yankees stats, schedule remains the primary goal of the Red Sox stats, schedule, but winning the wild card and being forced to face the Oakland 
Suicide bomber kills seven US Marines A suicide attacker sped up to a US military convoy near Fallujah and detonated an explosives-packed vehicle yesterday, killing seven Marines and three Iraqi soldiers, US military officials said.
'Amazing' Viking cemetery found Archaeologists unearth what is believed to be the first discovery of a Viking burial site in the UK.
Crude Oil Slides Again The benchmark US crude was down 96 cents, or 2, to \$43.03 a barrel, as traders felt confident about supply-and-demand dynamics. Prices are now down about 13 from their intraday record high of almost \$50 a barrel on Sept.
Unions reject Alitalia rescue plan LONDON, England -- Italian trade unions have rejected a rescue plan put forward by Alitalia management, intended to turn the airline around with job cuts and a restructured corporate framework.
Seagate Sees Results Above Estimates Seagate Technology, the top US maker of computer hard-disc drives, on Tuesday forecast quarterly earnings and revenue above Wall Street estimates amid stronger demand for its products than in the previous quarter.
manufacturing output falls again British manufacturing output unexpectedly dropped for the second month running in July, figures showed today. The data, from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) reinforced impressions that interest rates were either at or close to their peak.
Union rejects US Air proposal Leaders of US Airways Group Inc. #39;s pilots union rejected the carrier #39;s latest contract proposal late Monday, a blow to the No.
Halliburton Shares Fall on Outlook for Iraq Contract (Update1) Shares of Halliburton Co., the world #39;s biggest oilfield-services company, fell as much 1.6 percent in Germany after the Wall Street Journal said a contract worth as much as \$13 billion with the US Army may be broken up.
Cairn Boosts Indian Oil Reserves, Reports Lower Net (Update1) Cairn Energy Plc, the largest UK- based oil-exploration and production company, boosted its estimate of recoverable oil reserves at a field in India and reported a decline in first-half profit.
Circuit City Sales Trail Estimates Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced spending through August.
Fleetwood 1Q Profit Sharply Higher Fleetwood Enterprises Inc., a maker of recreational vehicles and manufactured homes, said Tuesday that first-quarter profits rose sharply due to strong sales in its motor homes and housing segments.
Bye-bye, floppy. It #39;s been good to know you If you #39;re a computer user, you may have several of them stacked on your desk. We #39;re talking about floppy disks - and they are pretty much becoming extinct.
Not that kind of chick Hamburg Township, Mich. - Gary Baja is surprised by some of the people who have checked out his new restaurant, CR Smokin #39; Chicks.
Euro-Zone Growth Continues to Lag in 2Q The euro-zone economy grew by 0.5 percent in the second quarter of 2004, a touch slower than in the first three months of the year, according to initial estimates released Tuesday by the European Union.
Olmert: Erez industrial zone to close before March Deputy Prime Minister and Industry and Trade Minister Ehud Olmert visited the Erez industrial zone in the northern Gaza Strip Tuesday, declaring that 
Dollar is down, gold up in Europe The US dollar fell Tuesday morning against other major currencies in European trading. Gold prices rose. The euro was quoted at \$1.
GB: Ofcom entscheidet ber Voice-over-IP Rufnummern Geographische &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UK regulator Ofcom decided to make geographic and non-geographic numbers available for VoIP (voice over IP) services. Non-geographic VoIP numbers will have a 056 prefix code, and will be available to all  quot;local 
Shuttle space centre surveys hurricane damage All three remaining space shuttles weathered Hurricane Frances without apparent damage, after the cyclone weakened before hitting the Florida coast south of Cape Canaveral.
Intel #39;s Rosedale chip brings WiMax closer Intel Corp. has begun shipping samples of its first WiMax chip, called Rosedale, and the first network trials based on the technology will start next year, a senior company executive said Tuesday.
Intel shifts focus to multicore chip performance Intel Corp., which has led the charge in the gigahertz race, is expected to change its tune at this week #39;s developer forum in San Francisco by focusing on improving chip performance by adding more cores to the microprocessor.
Mathematical breakthrough could bring disaster for ecommerce Mathematicians are close to solving a 150 year-old theory - and the solution could add up to problems for internet commerce. The Riemann hypothesis, formulated by Georg Friedrich Bernhard Riemann in 1859, would 
 #39;Longhorn #39; Delay Is Linux Gain When Microsoft Corp. announced last week it was scaling back the feature set for the next version of Windows, code-named Longhorn, it may have inadvertently given competitors the opening they #39;d been looking for.
Sony previews high-definition video camera Sony is previewing a new camcorder that takes video in digital high-definition quality for consumers. The four pound (HDR-FX1) device is set to go one sale next month in Japan and around the world by the end of the year.
Open-source CRM firm launches subscription service Open-source software start-up SugarCRM plans to introduce support services for its free contact management product on Thursday, part of a big push to lure customers away from high-priced, proprietary programs.
RFID tags: The people say no CNET News.com recently ran a report on companies with technologies that involve implanting RFID chips under people #39;s skin or inside a bracelet.
Oracle is in a buying mood, its president says As Oracle Corp. pushes forward with its hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker PeopleSoft Inc. for \$7.7 billion, it is also sizing up further acquisition 
TiVo and Netflix  #39;team for movie downloads #39; Netflix and TiVo are to team up to deliver movies over broadband, according to NewsWeek. The magazine expects the partnership to go public later this month, although neither company would comment, and details 
Underestimating Bob Evans #39; contributions Your statements (re: the S/360)  quot;...It was the first mainframe that allowed different applications to be run simultaneously ... quot; and  quot;..Before the S/360 appeared on the scene each computer was unique .. quot; are utterly wrong and do not give the IBM System 
IDC: Disk Systems Growth in Q2 Fueled by demand in the Asia/Pacific region and Japan, external disk storage systems revenues grew 8 percent year over year to \$3.
Forbes: iPod Spin-Off Could Boost Apple While the iPod has largely been responsible for Apple #39;s recent revival, especially among investors, Forbes believes the company could be worth more if it were to spin-off its iPod and iTunes operations.
AMD, Infineon to spend \$200m on nanotech know-how AMD and Infineon are to spend 170m (\$200m) between them to build a nanotech research facility. According to a Bloomberg report, the R amp;D centre will be located in Dresden, Germany, probably not far from 
Henin-Hardenne Bounced from US Open Defending women #39;s champion and top-seed Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium is out of the US Open tennis tournament in New York.
Mutombo says he #39;s being traded to Rockets; will back up, mentor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dikembe Mutombo, 38, has agreed to a sign-and-trade deal that will send him from the Chicago Bulls to Houston in exchange for Eric Piatkowski, Adrian Griffin and Mike Wilks, the Houston Chronicle reports.
I can handle top job says Robinson BAGSHOT, England -- England acting head coach Andy Robinson has insisted that he is the right man to take the world champions through to the 2007 World Cup.
NCAA Game Summary - Nevada at Louisiana Tech Kretschmer, a two-time 1,000-yard rusher and a preseason candidate for the Doak Walker award, did not start due to a knee problem and finished with just seven yards on four carries...Nevada was picked fifth in the WAC #39;s preseason poll, while Louisiana 
Lions-NZ tickets set for ballot Rugby fans across the Tasman will have to enter a ballot to obtain tickets for next year #39;s Lions tour. Fifteen thousand visitors are also expected to follow their team from Britain.
Padres suddenly appear playoff worthy Putting some starch back into their playoff bid, the Padres crafted their best outing in some time last night. Ramon Vazquez, starting for the injured Mark Loretta, provided three hits, and 
FSU moves inside to avoid Frances As Frances continued its move toward the Panhandle with strong winds and constant rain, the Seminoles practiced inside Monday. Although coach Bobby Bowden had 
Spammers exploit anti-spam trap Some spammers are getting their messages through using techniques designed to spot and stop them. A survey shows that spammers are the biggest users of a technique designed to find out if e-mail comes from the net address it says it does.
Lower costs prompt internet boom LONDON - The number of newcomers to the internet in Britain has surged this year to its highest level since the dotcom heyday of 2001, according to a study.
Qureia endorses Hamas revenge Ahmed Qureia, the Palestinian prime minister, today broke with calls for a ceasefire and said that Hamas would be  quot;justified quot; in taking revenge for an Israeli airstrike that killed 14 of its activists.
Caribbean islands prepare for Ivan Bridgetown - Islanders scrambled to put up storm shutters and buy water as Hurricane Ivan churned toward Barbados just days after Hurricane Frances tore across the Caribbean.
Ofek-6 failure considered major setback for Israeli intelligence &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By israelinsider staff September 7, 2004. The loss yesterday of the Ofek-6 spy satellite, due to a malfunction in its Shavit rocket launcher, is expected to delay Israel #39;s plans for more sophisticated surveillance 
Canadian Pharmacies Look Overseas for Drug Supply, Paper Says Some Canadian pharmacies are looking at countries like Britain, Ireland and New Zealand for their drug supplies as demand from the US increases, USA Today said.
Tribunal told of banker #39;s costly underperformance A banker suing Merrill Lynch for 7.5m for sexual discrimination was losing her department 560,000 a week, an employment tribunal heard yesterday.
UK gets more phone numbers THE RASH OF VoIP services being peddled in the UK has meant that the country has to release a new batch of phone numbers. Telco watchdog Ofcom has barked that it would establish the prefix  quot;056, quot; allowing 
Intel Looks to Get Back on Track After its recent delays and missteps, chip maker sets its sights on a dual-core future. Intel will look to a multicore future during the Fall Intel Developer Forum (IDF) in San Francisco this week as it tries 
Authentication Is Not an Anti-Spam System Opinion: Already we #39;re hearing it, that spammers are beating SPF and the other authentication systems. But the truth has always been that authentication is only a tool for anti-spam systems to use.
New stars and stripes: US may bench vets to keep Cup The single-elimination quarterfinals of the World Cup of Hockey #39;s North American pool start tonight in St. Paul, Minn. And the biggest question remains just which Team USA will show up for 
Samsung to Launch Phone with Mini Hard Drive (Reuters) Reuters - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., the world's\third-largest handset maker, said on Tuesday it was launching\the first mobile phone with a stamp-sized hard disc drive this\month that would expand the memory capacity by 15 times.
Backe Homers and Pitches Astros to Win (AP) AP - Houston Astros pitcher Brandon Backe got his first career homer, a two-run shot, and allowed one run in seven innings to keep the Astros in the thick of the NL wild-card chase with an 11-5 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday  #151; their season-high 10th straight victory.
Seagate Sees Results Above Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - Seagate Technology, the top U.S. maker\of computer hard-disc drives, on Tuesday forecast quarterly\earnings and revenue above Wall Street estimates amid stronger\demand for its products than in the previous quarter.
Talking heads are catching on as Web meetings take off (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Why waste time at the airport and rack up travel expenses when you can hold that business meeting over the Internet?
Grover parlays 'Street' cred into DVD gig (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Sesame Street's Grover may not be aware he appears on TV, but the media-savvy Muppet does know who Fahrenheit 9/11 filmmaker Michael Moore is. We caught up with Grover as his new DVD, A Celebration of Me, Grover (Sony Wonder,  #36;13), arrives in stores, marking the 35th season of the children's TV show.
Circuit City Sales Trail Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - Circuit City Stores Inc.  on\Tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store\sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift\and reduced spending through August.
Finnair Introduces Mobile Check-In Service (AP) AP - In what it calls a first in international air travel, Finnair says it will let its frequent fliers check in using text messages on mobile phones.
Euro-Zone Growth Continues to Lag in 2Q (AP) AP - The euro-zone economy grew by 0.5 percent in the second quarter of 2004, a touch slower than in the first three months of the year, according to initial estimates released Tuesday by the European Union.
Single mom wants to make most of financial assets (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Your Portfolio:  Each month a financial planner reviews a reader's portfolio and suggests improvements.
Rite Aid Cuts View as Pharmacy Sales Slow (Reuters) Reuters - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. \on Tuesday warned that full-year profit and revenue would fall\short of Wall Street expectations because of slowing pharmacy\sales as companies try to curb health-care costs.
Stocks Set to Open Up as Oil Prices Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open higher on  Tuesday after a long holiday weekend, with U.S. oil prices  falling more than a dollar and Seagate Technology &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STX.N&lt;/A&gt;, a  computer hard-drive maker, raising its first-quarter profit  forecast.
Stocks to Watch Tuesday  The top U.S. maker of computer hard-disc drives forecast  quarterly sales and earnings above Wall Street estimates amid  stronger demand for its products.
Seagate Sees Results Above Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Seagate Technology, the top U.S. maker  of computer hard-disc drives, on Tuesday forecast quarterly  earnings and revenue above Wall Street estimates amid stronger  demand for its products than in the previous quarter.
Frances Damages NASA Space Center (AP) AP - Hurricane Frances did more damage to the Kennedy Space Center than any other storm in history, tearing an estimated 1,000 exterior panels from a giant building where spaceships are assembled, officials said Monday.
Circuit City Sales Trail Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store  sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift  and reduced spending through August.
Rite Aid Cuts View as Pharmacy Sales Slow  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RAD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Tuesday warned that full-year profit and revenue would fall  short of Wall Street expectations because of slowing pharmacy  sales as companies try to curb health-care costs.
Fleetwood Enterprises Earnings Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Recreational vehicle maker Fleetwood  Enterprises Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FLE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FLE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said quarterly earnings  rose on improved results at its mobile home division.
HealthSouth Names John Workman CFO  CHICAGO (Reuters) - HealthSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLSH.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLSH.PK&lt;/A&gt;, an  operator of rehabilitation, diagnostic imaging and surgery  centers, on Tuesday said it hired the former chief executive of  U.S. Can Co. to be its chief financial officer.
Reclusive Russian May Have Made Math Breakthrough (Reuters) Reuters - A reclusive Russian may have\solved one of the world's toughest mathematics problems and\stands to win  #36;1 million -- but he doesn't appear to care.
Oil Falls; OPEC Says Market Well-Supplied &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased further on Tuesday, as\the head of OPEC cartel said that markets were well-supplied\with crude and traders continued to take profits from this\year's 40 percent rally.&lt;/p&gt;
US army 'to axe Halliburton deal' The Pentagon is to end the contract Halliburton has to service US troops in Iraq, the Wall Street Journal reports.
UK lawyer opens firm in Pyongyang A British lawyer opens a law firm in North Korea, hoping to cash in on the foreigners doing business there.
Top U.S. General in Iraq Sees Shift for Troops --Paper  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. commander in the Gulf  region sees the role of U.S. troops in Iraq possibly shifting  as early as next year to focus less on combat and more on  training Iraqi security forces, The Washington Post reported on  Tuesday.
Angry Putin Rules Out Chechen Talks as Crowds Rally  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin  rejected any dialogue with Chechen separatists, blamed for at  least 335 deaths in the school hostage siege, as hundreds of  thousands joined rallies against terrorism.
Israel Hits Hamas Training Camp in Gaza, Killing 14  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks, helicopters and warplanes  pounded a Hamas training camp Tuesday, killing 14 militants in  the deadliest ever strike against the Islamic faction a week  after it carried out a double suicide bombing.
Iran Nears Deal on Renewed Nuclear Freeze  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran has agreed in principle to renew a  freeze of some sensitive nuclear activities in a move  apparently aimed at easing pressure ahead of a U.N. nuclear  watchdog meeting next week, diplomats said Tuesday.
First Milosevic Trial Defense Witness Called  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan  Milosevic blasted a decision to impose defense lawyers on him  as "legal fiction" Tuesday as his first witness began her  testimony at his war crimes trial.
Taiwan Mulls New Policy to Differentiate from China  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan's foreign ministry is considering  a proposal to use the name "Taiwan" more frequently to  distinguish the island from rival China, a spokesman said on  Tuesday, in a move likely to anger Beijing.
Armenian supremacy for Agassi They played for the championship of Armenia yesterday at Flushing Meadow, where a collateral event, the US Open, was also in progress.
Rochus runs aground in 5-set loss to Hrbaty The Little Engine That Could simply couldn't any longer. Olivier Rochus, who stood much taller than his 5-foot-5-inch frame in two big five-set victories here, ran out of steam against Dominik Hrbaty and squandered a two-set lead, falling, 2-6, 3-6, 6-3, 6-4, 6-0.
Mass rallies for Beslan victims Tens of thousands gather in Moscow and other Russian cities as the nation mourns victims of the school siege.
US Airways Pilots Reject Wage and Benefit Cuts Leaders of the US Airways pilots' union rejected a bid to have pilots vote on a proposal by the airline for \$295 million in wage and benefit cuts.
Hamas vows Gaza revenge Palestinian militant group Hamas swears vengeance for 14 of its members killed in an Israeli air strike on Gaza.
Golf: Singh revels in top spot Vijay Singh is delighted at becoming the new world number one after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Museveni rejects war mediation Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni says attempts to hold third party talks with LRA rebels are a waste of time.
Putin rejects 'child-killer talks' Russia's president denounces calls for him to talk to Chechen separatists after the siege that killed hundreds.
Indian Muslim community growing India's Muslim community is growing much faster than other groups, new census figures suggest.
Blair to reshuffle 'by weekend' Tony Blair tells his monthly news conference that he will reshuffle his top team by the end of the week.
Modified animals continue trend The use of genetically modified animals in UK labs continues to grow, official statistics released on Tuesday show.
Hiroshima group plans 'people's tribunal' over US atomic bombings (AFP) AFP - Japanese anti-war campaigners said they planned a "people's tribunal" over the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki that could symbolically hold the United States responsible for war crimes.
Fierce Clashes in Iraq Kill 34 People BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. forces battled insurgents loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Tuesday, in clashes that killed 34 people, including one American soldier, and wounded 193, U.S...
14 Palestinian Militants Killed in Gaza GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training camp early Tuesday, killing at least 14 militants and wounding 30 others in one of the deadliest airstrikes since fighting broke out four years ago.    The attack came a week after Hamas suicide bombers blew up two buses in the Israeli city of Beersheba, killing 16 people...
10 Deaths Blamed on Hurricane Frances TAMPA, Fla. - Frances completed its two-day assault on Florida, leaving storm-weary residents Tuesday with flooding, frayed nerves and shortages of everyday items such as gas, ice and water...
AL East Race Tight As Yanks, Bosox Win The New York Yankees will do just about anything to hold off the surging Boston Red Sox.    They even tried asking the commissioner's office to award them a forfeit victory...
Fighting Intensifies in Sadr City U.S. troops Tuesday engaged in heavy combat with insurgents in the Sadr City section of Baghdad, an impoverished neighborhood that is a stronghold for forces loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr. One U.S. soldier was killed in the fighting and at least 25 Iraqis were dead, officials said.
Hundreds rally against terrorism Even as Russian President Vladimir Putin rejected any dialogue with Chechen separatists, blamed for at least 335 deaths in the school hostage siege, hundreds of thousands joined rallies against terrorism.
Singapore Extends Ban on Malaysian Poultry, Eggs Singapore says it has extended a ban on all poultry and egg imports from Malaysia due to a new outbreak of bird flu there. Singapore says it is working with Malaysia to develop ways to import poultry and eggs 
5,000 Alitalia job cuts planned Management at the Italian national airline Alitalia has put forward a rescue plan to trade unions that foresees slashing 5,000 jobs to keep the struggling carrier aloft.
A #39;s, Sox look like AL #39;s best For eight innings, anyway, it was the kind of pulsating confrontation that was anticipated considering how tough it has been to separate these two teams lately.
Typhoon Songda Hits Japan, South Korea A powerful typhoon is battering parts of Japan and South Korea with heavy rains and high winds, killing at least two people and injuring more than 300.
Cairn puts Rajasthan crude output at 5mn tons Cairn Energy, the UK-based oil  amp; gas major said on Tuesday that it plans to produce up to 5mn tons of crude oil from its recent discoveries in Rajasthan by the end of 2007.
SKorea #39;s Samsung Electronics develops world #39;s 1st HDD-embedded &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL (AFX) - Samsung Electronics Co said that it has developed a hard disc drive (HDD)-embedded mobile handset, claiming it the world #39;s first.
MSN Music Service is an average entry in the online stakes There #39;s nothing really horrible about Microsoft #39;s new MSN Music Service; it #39;s just that there #39;s nothing really great about it, either.
PREVIEW-Spain looking for huge improvement against Bosnia Spain coach Luis Aragones is looking for a huge improvement from his side when they begin their World Cup qualifying campaign with a tricky tie against Bosnia on Wednesday.
Ivan stalks Caribbean islands Caribbean islanders are bracing for Hurricane Ivan -- only a few days since Hurricane Frances roared through the region. Ivan is heading for the Windward Islands packing sustained winds of 110 miles-an-hour.
Iraqi militants demand \$5m to free French reporters LONDON - The Iraqi Islamic militant group holding two French journalists hostage has demanded a \$5m (2.8m) ransom for their release, to be paid within 48 hours, as well as a set of hard-to-meet demands.
Introducing the BOFH-brand internet caf #233; &lt;strong&gt;Episode 29&lt;/strong&gt; Or should that be 'Technology Centre'?
AMD heralds OS support for dual-core CPUs &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; As Intel prepares to detail its own multi-core chips
ShellShock wins 'Nam battle A current slew of games suggest that the Vietnam War is the conflict of the moment, with Conflict: Vietnam and Shellshock: Nam '67 out this week.
Samsung to Launch Phone with Mini Hard Drive  SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., the world's  third-largest handset maker, said on Tuesday it was launching  the first mobile phone with a stamp-sized hard disc drive this  month that would expand the memory capacity by 15 times.
PC Screen Price-Fall to Slow in Fourth Quarter  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Prices of computer screens are expected  to fall by less than 5 percent in the fourth quarter as the  market stabilizes on hopes of a pick-up in demand during the  Christmas season, a U.S.-based research firm said on Tuesday.
Manufacturing Output Drops Manufacturers saw their fledgling recovery stumble in July on sharp declines in the production of beer and medicines, figures showed today.
Air Societal Concerns To Fill Innovation Gaps Radio-frequency identification is a technology that #39;s touted as the replacement for the bar code. These postage-stamp-size RFID tags contain a tiny microchip that #39;s smaller than a grain of sand and capable of storing information.
New Napoli club to play in third division A new Naples football club, formed to replace the bankrupt team of the Italian city, has been handed a place in the country #39;s third division.
MLB: Boston 8, Oakland 3 David Ortiz drove in half of Boston #39;s runs Monday in an 8-3 win over the Oakland Athletics. Boston, which has won 18 of its last 20 games, remained 2 1/2 games behind the first 
Padres stop St. Louis, stay in wild-card hunt Ryan Klesko singled in the go-ahead run with no outs in the eighth inning and the San Diego Padres beat St. Louis 7-3 on Monday night to keep alive their slim playoff hopes and end the Cardinals #39; nine-game winning streak.
Rugby: New Zealand expects to make millions out of Lions #39; tour WELLINGTON : The British and Irish Lions have agreed to play an extra match in their three Test tour of New Zealand next year, the New Zealand Rugby Union (NZRU) revealed.
Quattrone's  Fate Lies in  Firm Hands The former high-flying investment banker is scheduled to be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal securities investigation and attempted witness-tampering.&lt;br&gt; &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Floppy Disk Becoming Relic of the Past Like the penny, the floppy drive is hardly worth the trouble, computer makers say. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Back-To-School Now Includes Electronics For back-to-school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with E for electronics. With camera cell phones and the Apple iPod music player topping student wish lists, some of the hottest gadgets have little to do with pen or paper, much less studying.
Homework Problems? Help Is a Click Away. If you are like many parents, there's a good chance you can't remember the last time you solved for X, were never really confident about the rules for when to use a comma, and find that the hourly rate for private tutors can be a bit daunting.
Next Windows Version: 2006 Target Microsoft said on Friday it will ship the next version of Windows in 2006, but scaled back plans to include a new system for finding and storing information in its flagship operating system.
Reporting Rip-Offs  (As Seen on TV!) Whether it's the latest miracle ab exerciser, a get-rich-quick scheme or a weight-loss supplement, many of those call-now-and-order products hyped on infomercials and TV shopping networks are nothing more than tacky junk. Separating the rip-offs from the useful gadgets isn't always easy.
Building EBay Businesses Scot Wingo, author of eBay Strategies: 10 Proven Methods to Maximize Your eBay Business, will answer reader questions about the online marketplace. Wingo is president and chief executive of ChannelAdvisor, an eBay consignment franchise.
Drug Makers Eye RFID Tags in Counterfeiting Fight Big pharmaceutical companies are testing new tracking technology they hope will help them spot counterfeit drugs before they reach consumers' medicine cabinets.
Poker Proves a Hot Hand For Gaming Industry Card game's popularity is fanned by a combination of television, technology and, for some, the allure of big money. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
North Pole 'was once subtropical' Ice cores drilled from deep beneath the floor of the Arctic Ocean show it was once warm enough for swimming.
Alitalia unions balk at job cuts Unions at Alitalia called a plan to cut a quarter of the workforce  quot;unacceptable quot; Tuesday and urged the Italian government to step in to ease the pain of restructuring the ailing state-controlled airline.
XML: Too much of a good thing? Explosion of special-interest XML dialects could mean the standard is a success or could be the start of a new headache.
Open-source CRM firm offers subscription service Start-up SugarCRM sets out to shake up the business applications market with a free program and low-cost support.
RFID tags: The people say no The issue has united readers of all stripes, from the religious to privacy advocates, CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos writes.
HP, Sun to resell new high-end Hitachi array Hewlett-Packard Co. and Sun Microsystems Inc. both plan to announce Wednesday that they will resell a high-end disk array being introduced by Hitachi Data Systems Corp.
Intel's Rosedale chip brings WiMax closer BUSAN, SOUTH KOREA -- Intel Corp. has begun shipping samples of its first WiMax chip, called Rosedale, and the first network trials based on the technology will start next year, a senior company executive said Tuesday.
Oracle is in a buying mood, its president says LONDON -- As Oracle Corp. pushes forward with its hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker PeopleSoft Inc. for \$7.7 billion, it is also sizing up further acquisition options, according to Oracle President, Charles Phillips.
Oracle touts grid computing to open show LONDON -- Oracle Corp. rang in the first day of its OpenWorld European conference series on Monday by touting the growth of grid computing in Europe, followed with the main news of the day: the release of E-Business Suite Version 11i.10.
Sun readies first Opteron blade server Sun Microsystems Inc. next year will introduce a new line of blade servers that will bring the Linux operating system and Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s Opteron processor to its Netra line of telecommunications industry servers.
Samsung shows cell phone with hard-disk drive BUSAN, SOUTH KOREA -- Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. plans to begin selling later this month a cellular telephone that includes a hard-disk drive. The handset was unveiled as the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Telecom Asia 2004 event began here on Monday and is the first cell phone of its kind in the world, according to the company.
Macromedia looks to extend Web conferencing Macromedia is looking to bring Web conferencing to the masses by making its Breeze Live hosted service available on a pay-as-you go basis instead of requiring a subscription.
Intel Looks to Get Back on Track After its recent delays and missteps, chip maker sets its sights on a dual-core future.
What Will Stripped-Down Longhorn Offer? It may be missing a few features, but the OS will be worth the upgrade, Microsoft says.
Pro-Maoist union vows to shut 30 companies in Nepal (AFP) AFP - A pro-Maoist trade union in Nepal vowed to force the closure of 35 companies after shutting down 12 last month, the latest pressure tactic in the rebels' attempts to topple the constitutional monarchy.
Stocks Open Higher as Oil Prices Retreat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks opened higher on Tuesday as oil  prices fell by nearly a dollar and several companies raised  quarterly profit forecasts amid a brighter mood on Wall Street  after a long holiday weekend.
Oil Extends Falls, Supply Fears Lessen  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased further on Tuesday, as  the head of the OPEC cartel said markets were well-supplied  with crude and traders continued to take profits from this  year's 40 percent rally.
Circuit City Growth Misses Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store  sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift  and reduced spending through August.
Yellow Roadway Raises Profit Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yellow Roadway Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;YELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday raised its third-quarter earnings outlook, citing a  more disciplined pricing climate and better-than-expected  "operating efficiencies."
Brother of Ex-Mexico President Found Dead (AP) AP - Enrique Salinas, the youngest brother of former Mexican president Carlos Salinas de Gortari, was found dead in a car on the outskirts of Mexico City on Monday, with a plastic bag tied over his head in an apparent murder, officials said.
Bush preaches to choir while trying to win converts on campaign trail (AFP) AFP - With less than two months until the November 2 election, President George W. Bush is working to shore up support among his staunchest supporters even as he courts undecided voters.
Court Bars Rubble Removal from Jerusalem Shrine (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's Supreme Court has\temporarily barred the removal of thousands of tons of rubble\from Jerusalem's most sensitive holy site in response to a\petition by archaeologists, officials said Tuesday.
Rob White aims for a zero defect finish to the season The Viry technical director is aiming for perfect reliability through to the final race of the year. Beginning this weekend in Monza.
Cadavers Steal the Show in L.A. An exhibit of dissected and flayed corpses, on display for the first time in the United States, attracts a steady stream of visitors curious to see what humans really look like under the skin. Randy Dotinga reports from Los Angeles.
City Survives Art Geek Invasion This year's Ars Electronica festival turned the city of Linz, Austria, into one big digital art installation, featuring everything from car alarms programmed with laugh tracks to messages broadcast by antelope horn. By Michelle Delio.
Newton Nuts Show How It's Done Apple's Newton was a failure for its maker, but not for the die-hard Newton community. A leading researcher believes the user community has done a better job looking after the PDA than Apple ever did. By Leander Kahney.
Europe Warned About Warming Europeans must be prepared to adapt to massive climate change over the coming decades, warn environmental researchers. Among the changes: hotter summers, milder winters and less precipitation in Southern Europe. By Wendy Grossman.
The Evolution Will Be Mechanized Inside the unfathomable superhuman future after the 'singularity.' By Bruce Sterling from Wired magazine.
Secrecy Hides Cancer Data Many clinical cancer trials are not published in order to keep industry secrets. A British cancer research group calls for all studies to be published -- even those with marginal results -- so doctors are not misled.
Keeping Tabs on Invoices to Avoid Billing Errors Sundeep Sanghavi's job at Cable   Wireless USA Inc. had been to look for mistakes in the bills the company received from other telecommunications carriers.
Hurricane Frances Damages NASA Space Center By MARCIA DUNN     CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- Hurricane Frances did more damage to the Kennedy Space Center than any other storm in history, tearing an estimated 1,000 exterior panels from a giant building where spaceships are assembled, officials said Monday...
Drug Makers Take Aim at Counterfeiting Operations Big pharmaceutical companies are testing new tracking technology they hope will help them spot counterfeit drugs before they reach consumers' medicine cabinets. By putting tags that transmit radio waves on medicine bottles sent to drug stores, company officials think they will be able to detect fake drugs.
More Physical Education Time May Fight Obesity in Girls By RICK CALLAHAN    (AP) -- Just an extra hour of exercise a week could significantly cut obesity among young overweight girls, according to a study that researchers say could lead to major changes in the way schools fight obesity.    The study - the largest look yet at obesity among young children - did not show the same results for boys, possibly because they generally get more exercise than girls...
Chickenpox Vaccinations Lead to \$100 Million Savings By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Vaccinating children against chickenpox saves the U.S. health care system nearly \$100 million a year in reduced hospitalizations for severe cases of the itchy disease, a study found...
Briefly: Samsung to put hard drives in phones roundup Plus:  IDC says external disk storage up...Lawmakers to vote on spyware, piracy bills...Microsoft tests Windows Marketplace...Nortel delays financials again.
UPDATE 2-Circuit City same-store growth misses estimates Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced spending through August.
Yen Advances Against Dollar, Euro as Nikkei Stock Average Gains The yen advanced against the dollar and euro after the Nikkei 225 Stock Average rose to a five-week high on expectations the government will double its economic- growth estimate for the second quarter.
Genesis set for stellar return A daring trip to study the solar wind will end on Wednesday with the midair retrieval of extraterrestrial samples above the Utah desert.
Toxic waste ship sinks off Turkey A ship containing toxic power station waste has sunk after being moored in a Turkish harbour for four years. The Ulla had sat in the port of Iskenderun in south-eastern Turkey amid confusion over the ship #39;s future.
Microsoft hits back at hackers The software giant #39;s much anticipated security-laden upgrade for the Windows XP operating system is finally available for installation.
Doctors, patients caught in global security web Doctors and their patients in many countries are facing increasing problems receiving lifesaving isotopes for treating a range of illnesses.
World News: Vijay Singh dethrones Tiger Woods New York, Fiji-born Vijay Singh, who traces his roots to India, has replaced American Tiger Woods as the top-ranking golfer in the world.
Button defends himself Jenson Button has remained silent about his decision to switch from BAR-Honda to BMW Williams next year but he has clearly been unhappy with some of the media coverage he has been receiving and has now set the record straight indicating that 
Sox kick off road trip with win over A #39;s The Red Sox open a crucial seven-game West Coast road trip with an 8-to-3 victory over the Athletics in Oakland. David Ortiz hit a solo homer and had four RBI #39;s for Boston.
Labour Day gridiron classic HAMILTONIt was as classic as a Labour Day tussle between the Argonauts and the Tiger-Cats could get. With a sellout crowd of 29,170 roaring its approval, the arch-rivals unleashed their dislike for each 
The tough life of a professional athlete High school athletes have the concept of team pounded into their heads beginning on the first day of practice. But Orlando Pace, a five-time Pro Bowl offensive tackle for the St.
Hurricane Ivan Roars Toward Caribbean An emergency official said Florida residents may want to think twice about taking down the hurricane shutters. Even as Hurricane Frances battered Florida, another strong storm churned in the central Atlantic.
Delay in Releasing the French The optimism that Paris expressed, at the end of last week, concerning releasing the kidnapped French journalists Chesnot and Malbrunot in Iraq, turned into caution at the beginning of this week.
Typhoon Songda batters southern Japan Tokyo - Powerful typhoon Songda made landfall in southern Japan on Tuesday, pounding the region with torrential rains and high winds that forced evacuations, caused blackouts and brought public transport to a virtual standstill.
British soldier arrested over unlawful killing in Iraq LONDON: A 21-year-old British soldier was arrested Tuesday in connection with the murder of a civilian in Iraq, London #39;s Metropolitan Police said.
China Vows Tougher Penalties for Web Porn Operators SHANGHAI, China (AP) -- Chinese makers and distributors of pornographic materials sent through the Internet, mobile phones and other communication devices will face penalties as severe as life in prison under new rules that take effect Monday.    The regulations were issued Sunday in a legal interpretation by the Supreme People's Court and Supreme People's Procuratorate, or top prosecutors office, the official Xinhua News Agency reported...
Oil Extends Falls, Supply Fears Lessen (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices eased further on Tuesday, as\the head of the OPEC cartel said markets were well-supplied\with crude and traders continued to take profits from this\year's 40 percent rally.
Teflon Bank (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Bank of America Chief Executive Kenneth Lewis has spent more than  #36;200 million over one and a half years for media ads touting the bank's "higher standards." But lately the Charlotte, N.C. bank has been caught up in a series of embarrassing acts that don't quite fit that spin: illegal trades, the stonewalling of regulators and lousy due diligence.
'Longhorn' Delay Is Linux Gain (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft's omission of WinFS from the Longhorn version of Windows may open options for open-source competitors to the forthcoming operating system.
Taking Software for a Test-Drive (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Enterprise application vendors should be lauded for offering evaluation versions.
Sun to Heat Up Carrier Market with New Servers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company's new carrier-grade servers will be compliant with the new ATCA specification, which allows carriers to buy off-the-shelf blade servers for high-bandwidth applications such as VOIP.
September 11 casts shadow over US presidential election (AFP) AFP - The threat of a major terror attack looms large over the first US presidential election since the horrific September 11, 2001, attacks as US voters must choose in less than two months between President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry.
US Airways Stock Falls After Pilot Leaders Rebuff Cost-Cut Plan US Airways Group Inc. stock fell as much as 21 percent in early trading after leaders of the airline #39;s pilots union rebuffed a plan to cut \$295 million in wages and benefits the company 
US plans to break up \$13B Halliburton contract New York (dpa) - The US army plans within months to break up a 13-billion-dollar contract awarded to US company Halliburton to service troops in Iraq into at least six smaller contracts, according to a report Tuesday in The Wall Street Journal #39;s online 
Labor unveils tax cut policy Australia #39;s opposition Labor Party has promised sweeping tax breaks for low and middle income families if it wins the general election on 9 October.
Yellow Roadway Ups Guidance Yellow Roadway (YELL:Nasdaq - news - research) boosted its third-quarter earnings guidance to \$1.30 to \$1.35 a share, a dime better than its previous forecast.
Yukos Lawyer Summoned As Company Appeals MOSCOW Sept. 6, 2004 - Prosecutors tightened the screws on Yukos on Monday, calling in the oil giant #39;s top in-house lawyer for questioning after searching his office and apartment on the same day the company 
Intel targets 2005 for WiMax roll out BUSAN, South Korea - Intel Corp. has taken another baby step on its roadmap for broadband wireless chips, saying Tuesday (Sept. 7) that it is sampling its WiMAX chip to  quot;strategic partners quot; in preparation for a wide-scale rollout in 2005.
Wireless Industry Leaders Publish Open Specifications for Cellular &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MILPITAS, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Sept. 7, 2004 -- Kineto Wireless a Key Participant in Creation of Unlicensed Mobile Access (UMA) Specifications.
Internet Music Battles Heat Up Apple #39;s announcement last week of the iTunes Affiliate Program, iTunes on Campus, and the iTunes Volume Discount program represents the next escalation in what is turning into a heated battle for control of the Internet music services (which is somewhat 
Williams are team to push Button for championship Jenson Button claims contractual  quot;differences quot; prompted him to quit BAR and join Williams for the 2005 Formula One season.
New Napoli club to play in Serie C1 A new Naples football club, formed to replace the bankrupt team of the Italian city, has been handed a place in the country #39;s third division.
Circuit City quarterly growth lags Circuit City Stores Inc. reported a gain of 2.9 percent in quarterly same-store sales Tuesday, but growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced spending in August.
More developers are building  #39;green #39; Kristen Galfetti #39;s small glass office at the new headquarters of Genzyme, a producer of therapeutic drugs in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has two doors.
Intel is testing long-range wireless chip Intel, the world #39;s largest chip maker, said on Tuesday that it had started providing customers with test versions of chips for equipment that will allow long-range wireless high-speed Internet surfing.
Spec Released For Cell-WLAN Handoffs A group of major wireless operators, device and infrastructure vendors Tuesday released a proposed specification that the group claims will enable devices to seamlessly transition between cellular and wireless data networks.
Ericsson Halts Bluetooth Development Ericsson Sverige AB, a Swedish developer of telecommunications silicon, said it has decided to stop Bluetooth development, which the company said was an indicator of the technology #39;s mature state.
A fight to the finish Fists and flags were flying yesterday as the Argos and Hamilton Tiger-Cats renewed hostilities yesterday in a Labour Day game for the ages at Ivor Wynne Stadium.
Ireland to tour Japan Ireland have set up a summer tour to Japan to coincide with the Lions trip to New Zealand. The Irish will play two Tests in Tokyo plus one warm-up game which has still to be decided.
Brown #39;s koalas for Beslan idea rapped Australia should send 400 personalised stuffed koalas to the grieving families of the Beslan school massacre, Greens leader Bob Brown has proposed.
Many killed as GIs fight Shiite rebels in Baghdad BAGHDAD US forces battled insurgents loyal to the rebel Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Tuesday, in clashes that killed at least 34 people, including an American soldier, and wounded almost 200, US and Iraqi authorities 
Israeli airstrike kills 14 Hamas militants GAZA Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training field in Gaza City on Tuesday, killing at least 14 militants and wounding 30 in the deadliest airstrike on Palestinian militants in four years of violence.
Sudan Peace Talks Stuck on Issues of Security Reports from the Nigerian capital Abuja, where Sudan peace talks have entered a third week, say the rebel factions and the Sudanese government are deadlocked on the issue of security.
UK soldier held over Iraq murder A 21-year-old British soldier has been arrested over the murder of a civilian in Iraq. The suspect was being quizzed at a London police station.
Thatcher lawyers mull Equatorial Guinea interview request South African lawyers acting for Mark Thatcher will meet on Tuesday to discuss a request from Equatorial Guinea to question their client on suspicion that he helped finance a coup plot in the oil-rich country.
PM lied over children: poll A majority of Australians believe John Howard has  quot;generally been dishonest quot; in his statements about the children overboard incident, an AgePoll has found.
Did the First Americans Come From, Er, Australia? (Reuters) Reuters - Anthropologists stepped into a\hornets' nest on Monday, revealing research that suggests the\original inhabitants of America may in fact have come from what\is now known as Australia.
Encinitas student wins national science prize ENCINITAS ---- San Dieguito Academy #39;s Aaron Goldin on Monday was awarded the \$100,000 individual grand prize in a prominent national science competition for his invention of a device that could potentially capture the nearly unlimited energy generated by 
Oil prices fall as storm worries wane LONDON : Oil prices fell back as worries about the impact of tropical storm Frances subsided. The price of benchmark Brent North Sea crude oil for delivery in October lost 11 cents to 40.
Unions appeal Alitalia job cuts Alitalia employees leave the company #39;s Rome headquarters yesterday. The Italian carrier plans to slash thousands of jobs to get back on track.
UPDATE 1-Yellow Roadway raises 3rd-qtr profit outlook Yellow Roadway Corp. (YELL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday raised its third-quarter earnings outlook, citing higher prices for its services and better cost controls.
Coeur Still Committed to Wheaton Deal Coeur d #39;Alene Mines Corp. said Tuesday that it remains committed to its takeover bid for Canadian miner Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.
Eurozone growth slows slightly in second quarter Growth in the eurozone economy slowed slightly to 0.5 percent in the second quarter and is set to maintain roughly that pace for the rest of the year, the European Commission said Tuesday.
Plunge in LCD prices expected to slow Prices of liquid-crystal displays are expected to fall by less than 5 percent in the fourth quarter as the industry expects a surge in demand during the holiday-shopping season, a research firm said Tuesday.
Stick to XP SP2 says Gartner RESEARCH BOFFS GARTNER are urging network managers to standardise all their PCs on Windows XP SP2 and forget about Microsoft #39;s cutdown version of Longhorn.
Microsoft: Spyware Can Freeze Computers When SP2 Installed Microsoft said some spyware could cause computers to freeze up upon installation of the SP2 update. Microsoft recommends that users clean their PCs of spyware and back up their data before 
Sony Unveils High-Definition Camcorder Japanese electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. showed Tuesday a camcorder that takes video at digital high-definition quality for the home.
Fever pitch for mobile entertainment market It has been 25 years since Sony launched the original Walkman, now the portable entertainment scene is going through a energetic renaissance, but this time it is digital.
Film producer De Laurentiis takes over Napoli Film producer Aurelio De Laurentiis will buy financially troubled Napoli for 29.25 million (US\$35.3 million). De Laurentiis reached an agreement with an Italian court to buy the club 
World-Van Basten takes positive approach to Czech test Less than three months on from their Euro 2004 defeat by the Czech Republic, the Netherlands begin their World Cup campaign against the same opponents on Wednesday with a new-look side.
British soldier charged with murdering Iraqi A British soldier appeared in court today charged with the murder of a man in Iraq. Kevin Lee Williams, 21, was granted bail at a brief hearing at Bow Street Magistrates Court in central London.
At least 13 killed in Gaza City blasts Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training camp in Gaza today, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25, officials from both sides said.
The Open Source Threat Open-source software is nipping more sharply at the heels of Microsoft, leading the software giant to defend itself more fiercely than ever against the insurgent rise of freely distributed, collaboratively coded programs. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Nokia phones to get Blackberry touch The Finnish phone giant is only the latest to make its devices compliant with Research In Motion's wireless service and software.
US Airways Pilots Reject Wage And Benefit Cuts Leaders of the US Airways pilots #39; union have rejected the carrier #39;s latest contract proposal, hampering the airline #39;s attempt to avoid filing bankruptcy a second time.
Seagate Raises Revenue Forecast Seagate Technology (STX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the top US maker of hard drives used to store data in computers, on Tuesday forecast quarterly revenue above Wall Street estimates on strong demand for storage for larger business 
Biovail Backs 2004 Earnings on Strong Sales Pharmaceutical firm Biovail Corp. on Tuesday narrowed the scope of its full-year revenue forecast to the middle of its prior estimate range, but backed its earnings prediction - excluding charges - of \$1.
TSX dips on gold, energy; Dow rises The Toronto stock market headed lower this morning after the long Labour Day weekend, held back by lagging gold and energy stocks as the price of oil dropped by almost \$1 (US) a barrel.
Media wary, Russians sceptical of Beslan coverage For three days last week, the Russian media covered the school hostage drama in Beslan along new Kremlin-approved lines. The highly selective reporting that resulted 
 #39;No Blood on Our Headscarf #39; France knew no parties and no religious controversy, only republicans and patriots. As in times of war, this otherwise highly divided nation, with its many social, ethnic and religious 
Floppy Disk Fast Becoming Relic of the Past Long the most common way to store letters, homework and other computer files, the floppy disk is going the way of the horse upon the arrival of the car: it'll hang around but never hold the same relevance in everyday life.
Overture: So Much More Than Pay Per Click Overture - So Much More Than Pay Per Click\\Overture is known for being the Leader in "Per Per Click" (PPC).Owned by Yahoo, Overture advertisers can reach over 80 of Internet users. If you take \a closer look and pop the hood, you'll find a whole suite of useful tools for ...
Keyboards are &lt;u&gt;old&lt;/u&gt; - tap tables to send email Sensor system allows input from virtually anything
Minister to press North Korea to come clean on nukes: Blair (AFP) AFP - Britain intends to send  quot;a very clear message quot; to North Korea that it must enter into serious dialogue about its nuclear programme, Prime Minister Tony Blair said.
TiVo, Netflix Close to Internet Movie Deal-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Online DVD renter Netflix Inc.\ and television recorder maker TiVo Inc.  are\close to a deal to allow Netflix subscribers to download movies\over the Internet to their TiVo devices, according to the\latest issue of Newsweek magazine.
The Open Source Threat (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Open-source software, namely Linux, is nipping more sharply at the heels of Microsoft, leading the software giant to defend itself more fiercely than ever against the insurgent rise of freely distributed, collaboratively coded programs.
Brunei wedding showcases royalty's enduring role in Asia (AFP) AFP - The lavish wedding of the heir to oil-rich Brunei's throne this week underscores the enduring importance of royal families in some Asian countries despite rapid modernisation.
Stocks Rise on Oil's Drop, Earnings News  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on Tuesday, with blue  chips touching a 2-month high, as oil prices fell and investors  were encouraged by positive profit news from a number of  companies.
Iranian Judoka Who Refused to Fight Israeli Handed \$125,000  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran have given judo world champion  Arash Miresmaeili a \$125,000 reward, saying he sacrificed a  gold medal at the Athens Olympics by refusing to fight an  Israeli, a sports official said on Tuesday.
Peugeot Unveils Fuel-Saving Stop   Start System (Reuters) Reuters - France's biggest carmaker, PSA\Peugeot-Citroen, unveiled a new system on Tuesday to reduce\emissions and save fuel by allowing drivers to cut their\engines when they are not moving.
US Airways Shares Tumble on Union Move US Airways Group Inc.'s shares tumbled nearly 9 percent in early trading Tuesday after union leaders representing US Airways pilots rejected sending a management contract proposal to members for possible ratification.
UK Rolls Out New VoIP Numbers British telecom regulator Ofcom said its approach to VoIP and release of new telephone numbering for it was aimed at encouraging the services through reduced costs and increased competition.
A TiVo/Netflix Hookup? Has the moment that TiVo (Nasdaq: TIVO) and Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) investors have been waiting for finally come to pass? Well, speculation has turned to rumor, which many obviously hope will turn to fact.
Lexmark Recalls Laser Printers Lexmark is recalling 39,400 laser printers because of a potential short circuit that could create an electric shock hazard. The printers, priced at about \$200, were sold under the Lexmark, IBM and Dell brand names starting in May 2004.
NASA Administrator Offers Support for Kennedy Space Center The following is a statement from NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe regarding the damage left behind at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the wake of Hurricane Frances.
AMD #39;s German Plant Inflicts Wounds on Rival Intel A sprawling computer chip factory near the war-scarred German city of Dresden is forcing a shift in momentum in the battle between two US technology superpowers.
Oracle Provides Details On E-Business Suite Release Version 11i.10 will focus on industry-specific capabilities and will add new software for procurement management. By Laurie Sullivan.
Intel Tests Long-Range Wireless Chip Intel is testing a new chip, dubbed  quot;Rosedale, quot; designed for long-distance, high-speed, wireless Internet access (WiMax).
Softbank Protests Bandwidth Allocation the billionaire founder and CEO of Softbank -- says Softbank issued a statement protesting the Japanese government #39;s plan to allocate the 800mhz band exclusively to two existing mobile-phone operators.
British Association for the Advancement of Science (BA): Festival &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Do clinical trials actually benefit the volunteers who take part? Is scientific research used as a tool by political spin doctors?
The Open Source Threat Open-source software, namely Linux, is nipping more sharply at the heels of Microsoft, leading the software giant to defend itself more fiercely than ever against the insurgent rise of freely distributed, collaboratively coded programs.
Software tracks status of batch processes BMC Software announced Tuesday the release of BMC Batch Impact Manager, a system that allows customers to manage batch processes according to their business importance.
Sun #39;s Schwartz living a Linux nightmare COMMENTARY -- Judging by his latest blog entry, Sun COO and president Jonathan Schwartz has something new to keep him up at night -- the growing perception that Solaris x86 is anti-Linux -- anti-GNU/Linux, to be specific.
Hitachi debuts new high-end storage line Hitachi Data Systems on Tuesday launched a new high-end storage hardware device whose motto could essentially be  quot;everyone into the pool.
Symbian Series 80 gets BlackBerry support The Symbian OS Series 80 platform is the latest system to get support for the BlackBerry Connect push server from Research In Motion (RIM).
Tribe challenges American origins Some of the earliest settlers of America may have come from Australia, southern Asia, and the Pacific, new research suggests. Traditional theories have held that the first Americans originated from northern Asia.
Airport Check-In Via Text Messaging On Cell Phones Frequent Fliers on Finnair will be get flight info and seat assigments as text messages on their cells. Once they reply, they are checked in.
Hard Labour Pays Off for World Number One Singh If success is earned by those who work the hardest, then newly crowned world number one Vijay Singh is a shining example. It has been a long, and often grueling, global 
Hewitt in Quarterfinals at US Open Former champion Lleyton Hewitt beat Karol Beck of Slovakia 6-4, 6-2, 6-2 and rolled into the US Open quarterfinals on Tuesday without dropping a set.
Petacchi snatches second stage win Alessandro Petacchi won a bunch sprint at the Tour of Spain in Zaragoza for the second year running to take his second stage of the 2004 race on Tuesday.
Michelin sound the all-clear for Monza Formula One tyre makers Michelin believe high-speed blowouts at the last Belgian Grand Prix and in recent Monza tests were due to sharp kerbs and human error.
Suns sign Japanese guard Tabuse Tabuse, who was waived after training camp with the Denver Nuggets last year, hopes to become the first Japanese-born player to make the NBA.
NFL 2004: Colts try to move on from coming up just short in 2003 When the Colts kick off the NFL season Thursday night at New England, he expects the bar to be higher, the pressure more intense, the spotlight brighter.
Howard returns to England; Keller expected to start for US Panama City, Panama (Sports Network) - United States men #39;s national team goalkeeper Tim Howard has returned to England, despite the squad #39;s scheduled match on Wednesday against Panama.
In Miami, Fiedler Gets the Nod for Now The Miami Dolphins set out in the offseason to upgrade at quarterback, and, when they traded for AJ Feeley in March, it seemed likely that he would be the starter.
Vikings ink Morten Andersen Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Vikings attempted to shore up their kicking game Tuesday when the team signed veteran Morten Andersen and released Brett Conway.
Oil prices down nearly a dollar OPEC president:  quot;The world has enough oil. quot; Saudi slashes prices; US peak driving season ends. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices eased further Tuesday as the head of OPEC said there was plenty of crude on 
Same Story at Circuit City Circuit City (NYSE: CC), like its rival Best Buy (NYSE: BBY), preannounces its sales numbers every quarter. Today, where Circuit City #39;s second quarter was concerned 
Yellow Roadway Raises Earnings Outlook Yellow Roadway cited a more disciplined pricing environment and more efficient operations for the improved outlook. The Overland Park-based carrier said it expects earnings of \$1.
Honda to build SUV in Ohio Honda of America Manufacturing Inc. said Tuesday that it will build a new Acura sport utility vehicle in Ohio. Production on the new model, for Honda #39;s luxury marquee Acura brand, will begin in 2006.
Cephalon subpoenaed by US attorney Drugmaker Cephalon Inc. said Tuesday it received a subpoena from the US Attorney #39;s office in Philadelphia concerning the company #39;s marketing practices.
HealhSouth Names John Workman Its CFO Manufacturing executive John Workman was named chief financial officer of HealthSouth Corp. on Tuesday, replacing an interim executive who helped the rehabilitation giant avoid bankruptcy after a massive accounting scandal.
BP, BHP Evacuate Workers From Trinidad Rigs as Ivan Approaches BP Plc, Europe #39;s largest oil company, said it evacuated 500 non-essential workers from offshore rigs near Trinidad and Tobago as Hurricane Ivan approached the Caribbean country.
Greenspan to Bolster Rate Hike View Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan will cement forecasts for higher US interest rates when he speaks on Wednesday after August jobs data backed his view that growth is back on solid ground, economists said.
Hicks Muse to buy cable company in Puerto Rico DALLAS Hicks, Muse, Tate and Furst of Dallas today announced it #39;s agreed to buy a cable TV in Puerto Rico for 155 (M) million dollars.
Two Italian Aid Workers Kidnapped in Baghdad Two Italian woman aid workers and two Iraqis were kidnapped in broad daylight in central Baghdad Tuesday in a brazen raid that will alarm foreigners already edgy from widespread kidnappings.
Soldier charged with murder A BRITISH soldier was arrested today on charges of having murdered an Iraqi civilian while serving in southern Iraq last year, police said.
PluggedIn: New Gadgets May Divert Drivers' Eyes from the Road (Reuters) Reuters - Drivers still learning how to talk\on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an\even more complex world.
Bin Laden Still At Large 3 Years After US Attacks The US-led anti-terrorism coalition is still hunting terror mastermind Osama bin Laden, the chief suspect in the September 11, 2001 deadly attacks on US cities.
Yellow Roadway Raises Profit Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Yellow Roadway Corp.  on\Tuesday raised its third-quarter earnings outlook, citing\higher prices for its trucking services and better cost\controls.
Fiedler Beats Out Feeley As Dolphins' QB (AP) AP - Jay Fiedler was named Miami's starting quarterback for the fifth consecutive season Tuesday, beating out A.J. Feeley after a six-month competition.
Laser Printers Recalled for Shock Hazard - CPSC (Reuters) Reuters - About 39,400 laser printers made by\Lexmark International Inc.  and sold by IBM  and\Dell Inc.  are being recalled in the United States\because of a potential electrical shock hazard, the Consumer\Product Safety Commission said on Tuesday.
Poker's Popularity Proves a Hot Hand for Gaming Industry (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Jan Edward Helfeld moves along the bar at the Hawk and Dove, a popular after-work watering hole on Capitol Hill, scanning his quarry. He seems almost desperate, although he is not looking for romance.
Former NFL Star Guilty in Wife's Death (AP) AP - Former NFL football player Tommy Kane pleaded guilty Tuesday in Quebec Superior Court to manslaughter in the death of his wife.
Roger Waters Goes to War with Online Tracks (Reuters) Reuters - Former Pink Floyd mainman Roger\Waters released two new songs, both inspired by the U.S.-led\invasion of Iraq, via online download outlets Tuesday.
Mutual Fund Proxy Votes Tell All (AP) AP - We finally get to know some of the deep, dark secrets of the mutual fund business: Are funds really protecting shareholder rights or just rubber-stamping the agendas of corporate leaders?
Titans Feel Reloaded With New Players (AP) AP - Eddie George, Jevon Kearse, Robaire Smith and Justin McCareins are gone. Frank Wycheck has retired.
Federated Says Frances Cost  #36;20M in Sales (AP) AP - Hurricane Frances cost Federated Department Stores Inc. about  #36;20 million in lost sales at Florida stores, the retailer said Tuesday.
Intel Eyes WiMax Wireless (PC World) PC World - Chip maker will being testing the emerging, high-speed wireless technology.
Trial by Fire (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Covad Communications (2, COVD) deserves a gold star simply for surviving the Internet wipeout. Rivals like Rhythms and NorthPoint are memories. In the 1990s Covad built the nation's largest digital subscriber line (DSL) network, offering rapid net access, but fell into Chapter 11 and got delisted from Nasdaq. Now the company is back from bankruptcy, trading on the o-t-c bulletin board and narrowing its losses. For 2004's first half the red ink shrank 66 to  #36;21 million. Revenues increased a healthy 18 to  #36;216 million.
IMF Official Urges Nations on Africa (AP) AP - Developed countries should do more for Africa, including opening their markets to trade, the head of the International Monetary Fund said Tuesday.
Open sourcers revolt against Microsoft antispam plan (MacCentral) MacCentral - Two prominent open-source software groups have rejected a proposed technology standard backed by Microsoft Corp. that would close a loophole used to send unsolicited commercial ("spam") e-mail, citing unresolved patent and licensing issues with the standard known as Sender ID.
Honda to build new SUV in Ohio (AFP) AFP - Japanese automaker Honda's US subsidiary said it would begin manufacturing a new sport-utility vehicle under the Acura brand at its Ohio assembly plant starting in 2006.
McAfee CFO Richards to Retire in December (AP) AP - Internet security company McAfee Inc. Monday said Stephen Richards, its chief operating officer and chief financial officer, will retire at the end of the year to spend time with his family.
RCMP help city police search Saskatchewan reserve for clues in Tamra case (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FORT QU'APPELLE, Sask. (CP) - Police investigating the disappearance of a young Regina girl called on the RCMP and civilian searchers Tuesday to look for clues on a reserve northeast of the city.
US Air Shares Slide, Pilots Reject Offer  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of US Airways Group Inc. slipped  as much as 23 percent in early trading on Tuesday after its  pilots union rejected the company's latest contract proposal, a  blow to its attempt to avoid a second trip through bankruptcy.
So Long, Long Distance (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - The Olympic Games are now history, but not AT amp;T's (NYSE: T - News)  #36;25 million ad campaign to redefine its image. After years of getting clobbered by the regional Bell companies such as BellSouth (NYSE: BLS - News), Verizon (NYSE: VZ - News), Sprint (NYSE: FON - News), and MCI (Nasdaq: MCIP - News), the company has turned its business focus from traditional phone service to networking.
Johnson  amp; Johnson in Talks to Buy Guidant, NY Times Reports Johnson  amp; Johnson is in advanced talks to buy Guidant Corp. for more than \$24 billion, the New York Times reported, citing executives whom the newspaper didn #39;t name.
ESPN Launching College Sports Initiative (AP) AP - ESPN will launch a new multimedia college sports initiative in March 2005 that includes a new 24-hour television network and content from ESPN.com and ESPN The Magazine.
Yellow Roadway Raises Profit Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yellow Roadway Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;YELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday raised its third-quarter earnings outlook, citing  higher prices for its trucking services and better cost  controls.
New chief for Algeria's Islamists Algeria's main Islamist rebels, the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat, pick a new chief to replace the one killed in June.
Hurricane Spills Gallons of Acidic Waste (AP) AP - Hurricane Frances carved a huge gap in the wall of a fertilizer company reservoir, spilling 41 million gallons of acidic waste that posed a threat to aquatic life in a bay near Tampa.
U.S. Stocks Climb as Crude Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks extended their gains on  Tuesday as oil prices slipped, easing concerns that energy  costs would hurt corporate profits and helped raise hopes for  improvement in the economy.
Hewitt Outclasses Beck to Reach Last Eight at U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lleyton Hewitt reached the  quarter-finals of the U.S. Open on Tuesday with a 6-4, 6-2, 6-2  victory over unseeded Slovak Karol Beck.
Oil Tip-Toes Higher, Watches Stocks, OPEC US oil prices edged higher for the second day in a row on Tuesday amid calls within OPEC to crack down on excess output at this week #39;s meeting.
Halliburton May Not Rebid for Iraq Work  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; may decide not  to submit bids for the logistics contracts it holds in Iraq if  the U.S. military divides up the work too deeply, Chief  Executive Officer Dave Lesar told an analysts' conference in  New York on Tuesday.
McGreevey Discusses Resignation in Public (AP) AP - Gov. James E. McGreevey answered questions for the first time in public Tuesday about his decision to resign, telling a supportive audience that it was "a process of transformation and prayer."
Mail-Order Drugs Bite Into Rite Aid Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RAD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Tuesday warned that full-year profit and revenue would fall  short of expectations as it loses pharmacy sales to mail-order  rivals, sending its shares down 16 percent.
ADV: The New York Times Home Delivery Uncover financial insights for your business daily with The New York Times - the authority on market trend news and analysis. Now delivered to your home or business starting at \$2.40/wk.
Locusts Ravage Key Mauritanian Farming Region (Reuters) Reuters - An agricultural region\in eastern Mauritania faces the loss of its entire crop to\swarms of locusts unless action is taken immediately, a\regional government official has warned.
Laser Printers Recalled for Shock Hazard - CPSC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - About 39,400 laser printers made by  Lexmark International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LXK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LXK.N&lt;/A&gt; and sold by IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; are being recalled in the United States  because of a potential electrical shock hazard, the Consumer  Product Safety Commission said on Tuesday.
Rise in UK Animal Experiments Angers Campaigners (Reuters) Reuters - The number of animal experiments in\Britain rose last year to its highest level since 1994,\prompting condemnation from animal rights campaigners who said\the government had failed to curb cruelty.
Fiedler to Start for Dolphins Sunday  Miami, Fla. (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins head coach  Dave Wannstedt has officially named Jay Fiedler the starting  quarterback for Sunday's season opener against the Tennessee  Titans.
Hurricane Ivan Charges Into Eastern Caribbean (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Ivan ripped off\roofs and cut power across Barbados on Tuesday, lashing the\island with fierce winds but sparing it a direct hit as it\roared into the eastern Caribbean.
Chargers Name Brees Starting QB  San Diego, Calif. (Sports Network) - The San Diego Chargers  Monday named Drew Brees as the team's starting quarterback for  their regular-season opener on September 12 against Houston.
Gold Medallist Sprinter Faces Surgery  LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic gold medallist Jason Gardener  faces more surgery -- but this time it will be on his wrists.
U.S. Interfering in Lebanon and Syria, Damascus Says  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Damascus has accused the United States  of interfering in the affairs of Lebanon and Syria, saying  Washington had brought undue pressure to force a U.N.  resolution last week on foreign influence in Lebanon.
Taxman targets Yukos bank account Oil giant Yukos says the Russian tax ministry aims to take \$2.7bn in back taxes from its accounts without court approval.
NATO, Russia to Boost Anti-Terror Cooperation  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO and Russia Tuesday agreed to  boost cooperation in the fight against terrorism after a spate  of attacks on Russian soil including the Beslan school siege  that ended with at least 335 deaths.
Britain Arrests Four in Anti-Terror Raids  LONDON (Reuters) - British police arrested four men Tuesday  in an anti-terrorism raid in the southern port of Southampton.
S.Africa Seizes Uranium Enrichment Materials  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa seized 11 shipping  containers of uranium enrichment materials in a raid on a firm  run by a man it has charged under laws forbidding nuclear  proliferation, a government agency said Tuesday.
Congress Sets Federal Deficit Estimate at \$442 Billion The estimate by Congress' nonpartisan budget experts immediately provided political fodder for both parties.
Libya gets new mobile phones A new mobile phone network is launched in Libya, bringing competition to the sector for the first time.
LA Lakers star eyes Serbian deal LA Lakers basketball star Vlade Divac is to pursue plans to buy Serbia's top mineral water firm, reports say.
Hungary's state airline for sale The Hungarian authorities invite investors to bid for a 99 stake in the indebted national carrier.
Stocks Climb Higher As Oil Prices Slip NEW YORK - Another drop in oil prices and belated reaction to last week's employment report sent stocks higher to start the holiday-shortened week Tuesday as investors saw the news as a sign of new economic strength.    Investors rallied around falling oil prices as a sign that the summer's run on crude oil futures was over, boosting the chances for an autumn rally in stocks...
Thousands in Russia Rally Against Terror MOSCOW - Waving flags and banners, tens of thousands of Russians demonstrated against terrorism Tuesday, massing outside the Kremlin in response to calls for solidarity by President Vladimir Putin's government after a series of deadly attacks that have killed more than 400 people.    The growing crowd stood still for a moment of silence in memory of victims, starting the rally after a clock atop the Kremlin's Spassky Tower struck 5 p.m...
Fiedler Beats Out Feeley As Dolphins' QB DAVIE, Fla. - Jay Fiedler was named Miami's starting quarterback for the fifth consecutive season Tuesday, beating out A.J...
Clinton Breathing on Own After Surgery NEW YORK - Former President Bill Clinton was described as doing well Tuesday, breathing on his own as he recovers from an operation to relieve arteries so severely clogged that he was in imminent danger of a major heart attack.    He was taken off his respirator Monday night - a crucial step in his recovery, Dr...
Bush Blames 'Junk Lawsuits' for Job Woes President Bush and rival John Kerry on Tuesday offered different ways to boost the sluggish job market, the president calling for legal reforms to help workers and businesses while his Democratic opponent proposed ending tax breaks for companies that send jobs overseas.    Kerry, moving aggressively in the face of polls showing his candidacy lagging, used the latest forecast of a record budget deficit to bolster his contention that Bush is leading the country in the wrong direction...
14 Deaths Blamed on Hurricane Frances TAMPA, Fla. - Frances wound up a two-prong assault on Florida that pounded both the central part of the state and the Panhandle, leaving storm-weary residents Tuesday with flooding, frayed nerves and shortages of everyday items such as gas, ice and water...
CBO Projects \$442 Billion Federal Deficit WASHINGTON - The Congressional Budget Office projected Tuesday that this election-year's federal deficit will hit a record \$422 billion, a shortfall that would be smaller than analysts predicted earlier this year.    The figure immediately provided political fodder for both parties now in the final two-month stretch of the presidential and congressional campaigns...
Fierce Clashes in Iraq Kill 36; 203 Hurt BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. forces battled insurgents loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Tuesday, in clashes that killed at least 36 people, including one American soldier, and injured at least 203 others, U.S...
Thousands in Russia Rally Against Terror MOSCOW - Tens of thousands of demonstrators waving banners and flags gathered in Red Square in a show of unity against terrorism as the country mourned the hundreds of victims of a hostage-taking at a school in southern Russia.    More than 100,000 people were expected to take part in the evening rally in the capital, organized by a pro-government trade union and advertised on state-controlled television by celebrities who appealed to citizens to turn out to say no to terror...
CBO Projects \$442 Billion Federal Deficit WASHINGTON - The Congressional Budget Office is projecting that this election-year's federal deficit will reach \$422 billion, congressional aides said Tuesday, the highest ever, yet a smaller shortfall than analysts predicted earlier this year.    The figure, provided by aides who spoke on condition of anonymity, is sure to provide political fodder for both parties during the remaining two months of the presidential and congressional campaigns...
Stocks Rise on Falling Oil Prices Investors rallied around falling oil prices as a possible sign that the summer's run on crude oil futures was over.
Struggle For The Soul Of Islam Three years after 9/11, an inside look at the ongoing global battle\between moderates and hard-liners over the future of a faith--and its\relationship with the West 
Rejecting Rite Aid Crummy comps and anemic overall sales have stockholders reaching for the antacids.
Weighing Outsourcing's Impact Key factors help determine if outsourcing benefits or hurts Americans.
Would a Settlement Boost Wal-Mart's PR? The company says it is discussing a settlement with the Justice Department.
The iPod's Big Brother Apple's latest computer is as cool and sleek as its best-selling music player
Eriksson to show faith Sven-Goran Eriksson stressed his unswerving loyalty to his players as he looked for England to transform their World Cup qualifying position in Poland on Wednesday- led by under-fire captain David Beckham.
Former NFL player Kane pleads guilty to manslaughter CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Tommy Kane, the Montreal native who played wide receiver in the NFL and CFL, pleaded guilty to manslaughter Tuesday in connection with the death of his former wife.
St. Louis Cardinals Team Report - September 7 (Sports Network) - The Cardinals will try to get back on the winning track this evening, when they battle the San Diego Padres in the middle test of a three-game set at PETCO Park.
Security, Poverty, Reconstruction Emerge As Key Issues As Election &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Campaigning in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election officially began today. Afghan Transitional Administration Chairman Hamid Karzai and his 17 opponents have 30 days to try to win support from more than 10 million registered voters.
Snubbing the RIAA, Part II A long time ago (or so it seems), I wrote Snubbing the RIAA, Part I, in an attempt to provide some sources of non-RIAA backed music to the readers of K5.  What follows is Part II, in which I present some more sources of great music, and some ways to tell if your favourite artist belongs to an RIAA-member label.
Airline Shares Up on Oil Pricing Optimism Airline stocks moved slightly higher Tuesday on hopes fuel costs might become more manageable after the head of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries said crude oil prices would likely retreat in the next few months.
IMF Official Urges Nations to Do More The head of the International Monetary Fund on Tuesday urged developed countries to do more for Africa, including opening their markets to trade.
UPDATE 4-Circuit City same-store growth misses estimates Circuit City Stores Inc. onTuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store sales, but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced spending through August.
Yuta Tabuse Press Conference Transcript NBA Japan introduced the newest member of the Phoenix Suns, Yuta Tabuse, at a press conference held in Tokyo. The following is the complete transcript, translated into English, including remarks from NBA Japan #39;s 
Lexmark Recalls About 40,000 Printers The Consumer Product Safety Commission on Tuesday said Lexmark International Inc. voluntarily recalled 39,431 of its laser printers sold under the Lexmark, IBM and Dell brands because of a potential shock hazard.
NASA Space Shuttles Spared Frances #39; Wrath Discovery, Atlantis and Endeavour -- were not in the NASA Vehicle Assembly Building during the onslaught of Hurricane Frances. The VAB lost about 40,000 
Genesis samples to shed light on our origins Scientists are chomping at the bit for tomorrow #39;s Earthly return of a sample capsule from NASA #39;s Genesis spacecraft, hoping the star stuff it carries will help answer questions on the origins of the solar system and we who live in it.
Red Hat goes after enterpise with Unisys partnership, updated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Red Hat has announced a partnership with Unisys and the availability of security updates to their Enterprise Linux offering today.
Samsung announces phone with hard disc drive SEOUL, South KoreaSamsung Electronics Co. Ltd. announced plans to launch the SPH-V5400, a mobile phone that includes a tiny hard disc drive to expand available memory capacity.
Microsoft signals cut prices to combat Linux rivals Microsoft has admitted that growing pressure from open-source operating system, Linux, is eating into the companys profits and will hit revenues hard over the next fiscal year.
Open sourcers revolt against Microsoft antispam plan Two prominent open-source software groups have rejected a proposed technology standard backed by Microsoft Corp. that would close a loophole used to send unsolicited commercial 
Did Jobs woo Sony boss over iTunes anti-Gates love-in? To throw a spanner in the works of Microsoft #39;s arrival on the digital music scene, Apple wanted to sign a strategic agreement with Sony, Japanese daily Nikkei Sangyo Shimbun has revealed, quoting sources from Sony.
Shearer happy with Souey arrival Newcastle striker Alan Shearer has backed the appointment of Graeme Souness as boss at St James #39; Park. The Scot arrived on Tyneside on Monday to replace the sacked Sir Bobby Robson, having handed in his resignation at Blackburn earlier in the morning.
Hold on! Not for the Pats The first time they met last season, the New England Patriots barely held on for a 38-34 victory. The second time they met last season, some members of the 
Russia In Turmoil Over School Killings MOSCOW -- Tens of thousands of demonstrators -- many waving banners and flags -- gathered in Moscow #39;s Red Square Tuesday in a show of unity against terrorism after last week #39;s hostage-taking at a school in Beslan in southern Russia.
Sadr City clashes kill 22 Iraqis Clashes in Sadr City, where US forces and militiamen loyal to rebel Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr have been fighting since April, have killed at least 22 Iraqis.
Afghan woman takes on presidential politics Shell have to move a mountain of cultural, religious and sexual prejudice to achieve this in a country where, only a few years ago, women could not work or walk the streets on their own, and 
French Hopes for Speedy Iraq Hostage Release Fade Hopes for a speedy release of two French hostages in Iraq gave way to expressions of doubt and concern Tuesday after a statement setting out new demands for their release was posted on a Web site.
First Milosevic Trial Defense Witness Called Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic blasted a decision to impose defense lawyers on him as  quot;legal fiction quot; Tuesday as his first witness began her testimony at his war crimes trial.
Oil: Reason Behind Coup Bid THE men exposed as plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea are the scum of the earth. Next time someone demands that the West should  quot;take over and sort out Africa quot;, remember this scandal and the real face of Western intervention it reveals.
PluggedIn: New Gadgets May Divert Drivers' Eyes from the Road  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Drivers still learning how to talk  on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an  even more complex world.
Laser Printers Recalled for Shock Hazard - CPSC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - About 39,400 laser printers made by  Lexmark International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=LXK.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;LXK.N&lt;/A&gt; and sold by IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; are being recalled in the United States  because of a potential electrical shock hazard, the Consumer  Product Safety Commission said on Tuesday.
U.S. Land of Potatoes Aims to Be High-Tech Hotbed  NAMPA, Idaho (Reuters) - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are  aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
Lexmark Recalls Laser Printers  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - About 39,400 laser printers made by  Lexmark International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=LXK.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;LXK.N&lt;/A&gt; and sold by IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; are being recalled in the United States  because of a potential electrical shock hazard, the Consumer  Product Safety Commission said on Tuesday.
Red Hat, Unisys Announce Partnership Linux publisher Red Hat Inc. said Tuesday that information-technology consulting firm Unisys Corp. will begin offering a business version of the company #39;s open-source operating system on its servers.
Samsung shows cell phone with hard-disk drive Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. plans to begin selling later this month a cellular telephone that includes a hard-disk drive. The handset was unveiled 
Sun, Novell and Red Hat Back AMD Dual-Core Chips Holger Dyroff, vice president of product management for SuSE Linux at Novell, said in a statement:  quot;Novell #39;s SuSE Linux Enterprise Server is the right platform to benefit from the advantages 
The sounds of a revolution You can strap it around your arms or wind it around your neck while on your morning jog. And while you jog, you can listen to songs, download and store your personal CD albums directly, listen to FM radio 
Tivo, Netflix Close to Internet Movie Deal - Newsweek &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Online DVD renter Netflix Inc.\&lt;NFLX.O&gt; and television recorder maker TiVo Inc. &lt;TIVO.O&gt; are\close to a deal to allow Netflix subscribers to download movies\over the Internet to their TiVo devices, according to the\latest issue of Newsweek magazine.&lt;/p&gt;
Atari to Reissue Scores of Old Games Atari wants to take you back in time, and to get there, you can ride a "Centipede" or an "Asteroid," or bounce back and forth between the pixilated paddles of "Pong."
UK 'will fail pollution targets' Air pollution levels in the UK are too high to meet key objectives and may harm human health, an expert tells the BA science festival.
Ford to end second shift at suburban St. Louis plant Ford Motor Co. said Tuesday it will end the second of its two production shifts at its suburban assembly plant effective Jan. 3, eliminating about 800 jobs.
Softbank chief #39;s hard-nosed ambitions Masayoshi Son is a soft-spoken man with a mild manner and a polite smile that belies his grand ambitions. (Softbank) 
High Blood Pressure Dulls Emotions Elevated levels smooth out highs and lows, study says    HealthDayNews -- Higher blood pressure may dull a person's emotional response, smoothing out emotional highs and lows, says a study in the current issue of Psychosomatic Medicine.    Clemson University researchers checked the blood pressure of 65 volunteers and then showed them a series of photographs meant to elicit either a positive or negative emotional response...
Sexual Content on TV Spurs Teens Into Action By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Teenagers who view sexual content on television, even if it only involves characters talking about sex, are twice as likely to start having intercourse in the ensuing year compared with peers who do not watch such content.    Sexual content on TV was also more likely to hasten adolescents' movement from one "base" to another, in other words, from kissing to breast fondling to genital touching and on to oral sex, new research found...
Doctors Expect Full Recovery for Bill Clinton By MARILYNN MARCHIONE     (AP) -- Former President Bill Clinton, who narrowly escaped having a heart attack, should be able to resume his active lifestyle, his doctors say. But whether that includes campaigning in the remaining two months before the presidential election is questionable...
Oracle serves up lower-cost app server At Oracle OpenWorld, the database software giant touts the application server aimed at midsize companies.
Red Hat upgrades security Update to Enterprise Linux 3 also includes support for IBM Power5 servers, new driver support and bug fixes.
Hitachi debuts new high-end storage line New TagmaStore plays well with rivals' arrays to keep watch over 32 petabytes of data.
Top McAfee exec to step down Stephen Richards will retire from his positions as chief operating officer and chief financial officer.
WinZip offers fix for security flaw But users of the popular compression tool will need to upgrade to version 9 of the software.
Cisco dangles rebate carrot before resellers The networking gear maker launches a financial incentive program to spur sales to smaller companies overseas.
Start-up says it can deliver secure VoIP Net6 says it has just the trick to make voice calling over a Secure Sockets Layer VPN work well.\
VeriSign to bump up forecast Company cites better-than-expected performance from its recent acquisition of wireless content provider Jamba.
Nokia gets a slice of BlackBerry pie Finnish phone giant is the latest to make its devices compliant with Research In Motion's wireless e-mail service.
40 killed in clashes in Iraq #39;s Sadr city BAGHDAD (AFP) Forty people were killed and scores wounded in clashes between US forces and Shiite fighters in the Baghdad district of Sadr City overnight, the health ministry said.
Israel Strikes Hamas Camp; 13 Are Killed Israeli tanks, helicopters and warplanes pounded a Hamas training camp on Tuesday, killing 13 Palestinians in the deadliest strike in Gaza in nearly four months, as Israel struck back after a double suicide bombing.
Open sourcers revolt against Microsoft antispam plan Two prominent open-source software groups have rejected a proposed technology standard backed by Microsoft Corp. that would close a loophole used to send unsolicited commercial ("spam") e-mail, citing unresolved patent and licensing issues with the standard known as Sender ID.
Oracle aims for users from start to grid LONDON -- Enterprise software giant Oracle Corp. may be known for big plans and bold moves but when it comes to capturing the European market the Redwood Shores, California, company has realized it also has to think small.
Intel Eyes WiMax Wireless Chip maker will being testing the emerging, high-speed wireless technology.
Tivo, Netflix Close to Internet Movie Deal - Report Online DVD renter Netflix Inc. and television recorder maker TiVo Inc. are close to a deal to allow Netflix subscribers to download movies over the Internet to their 
Samsung Debuts First Mobile Phone with Hard Drive Samsung #39;s V5400 mobile phone boasts a high-resolution 2.2-inch liquid crystal display and includes features such as an MP3 player, electronic book reader and Korean-English dictionary.
IP Battle Lines Drawn in Spam Wars  quot;We believe the current license is generally incompatible with open source, contrary to the practice of open Internet standards, and specifically incompatible with the Apache License 2.0.
Microsoft sees sluggish PC growth ahead In Microsoft #39;s latest SEC filing again, Redmond warns that next year won #39;t see the handsome growth in PC sales that it has seen over the past twelve months.
Petacchi snatches victory again in Zaragoza For the second year running Alessandro Petacchi won a bunch sprint at the Tour of Spain in Zaragoza to take his second stage of the 2004 race.
THIS WEEKS COLTS OPPONENT Colts.com. Synopsis: The Colts, in their first game of the season, will play the team they faced in their last game last season: the New England Patriots.
Panasonic Shows 65-Inch Plasma Display Newest HDTV is the largest such device designed for consumers, company claims.
Two Italian women kidnapped in Baghdad An Italian aid organisation said on Monday that two Italian women were kidnapped from its office in Baghdad. The women, Simona Pari and Simona Torretta, both 29, worked for an NGO called  quot;Un Ponte Per... quot; (A 
EU must play straight with Iran Hassan Rowhani, the secretary of Irans Supreme National Security Council, held discussions on Monday with Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot and other officials of the Netherlands, which 
French Minister Says Release Of Hostages In Iraq Still Possible TIRANA, Sept 7 (AFP) - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said on Tuesday he was convinced it was still possible to secure the release of two French journalists who have been held hostage in Iraq since August 20.
OPEC President: Oil Prices Will Fall In addition to expected production increases, OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro cited the upcoming US presidential election in early November a factor likely to ease international oil prices.
Rejecting Rite Aid Shares of drugstore chain Rite Aid (NYSE: RAD) needed some bandages and maybe a smear of soothing ointment this morning as they were scraped by investors for a 13 drop.
Huge risk of building US factories paid off for both Honda, Ohio Vicky Burress was 47 when she realized her family needed a second income to put two children through college. Despite a thin rsum a high school 
Nokia phones to get Blackberry touch Nokia said on Tuesday that it plans to enhance its Series 80-based line so that the mobile devices come preloaded with BlackBerry software from Research In Motion.
Sony Unveils High-Definition Video Camcorder TOKYO (AP) -- Japanese electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. (SNE) plans to begin selling a camcorder designed for consumers that takes video at digital high-definition quality and is being priced at about \$3,600...
Button dispute goes before arbitration Jenson Button #39;s exit strategy from BAR advanced apace yesterday with the formal lodging of a contract by Williams with Formula One #39;s in-house arbitration service, the Contracts Recognition Board.
Google AdSense Expands with Web Search Google AdSense Expands with Web Search\\When Google launched Adsense, millions of website owners scurried to sign up. By adding "AdWords Text Ads" to your website, you can make a nice little income with no work on your part. Once the code is placed on a page, Google scans it for ...
Feeding Googles Froogle with Yahoo Stores Feeding Google's Froogle with Yahoo Stores\\There is a new feed service which is making it easy for Yahoo Store owners to list their porducts in Google's Froogle. Somacon is now offering a web-based service that allows Yahoo! Store owners to submit their products to Froogle. Somacon's Data Feed Service, located ...
News: Caller ID spoofing service for sale The founder of a US Caller ID falsification service is selling up, just days after setting up in business.\
Hard-Line Serbian Defends Milosevic (AP) AP - Slobodan Milosevic angrily refused to work with two court-appointed lawyers Tuesday as they called the first witness in his war crimes defense case  #151; an elderly Serbian nationalist who taught the ex-Yugoslav leader law and advised the wartime Serbian government.
Pakistan's Musharraf seeks Islamic scholars' help in terror fight (AFP) AFP - Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf asked Muslim scholars to help curb extremism by isolating religious schools which harbor terrorists as Pakistani security forces arrested a suspected Al-Qaeda linked Arab militant in a raid.
United Dominion Buys \$897 Million Homes  NEW YORK/BOSTON (Reuters) - United Dominion Realty Trust  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UDR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UDR.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the largest U.S. apartment owners, said on  Tuesday it plans to buy \$897 million worth of apartment homes,  moving from lower-rent housing to more expensive properties  based mainly in fast-growing Southern California.
Circuit City Growth Misses Estimates  By Ellis Mnyandu  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. on Tuesday  reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store sales, but  its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced  spending through August.
President Declares War on Terror Laksamana.Net - President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono says terrorism is the enemy of all religions so they must wage war against the violent scourge.
Halliburton: May Not Rebid for Iraq Work  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; may decide not  to submit new bids for the logistics contracts it holds in Iraq  if the U.S. military divides up the work too deeply, Chief  Executive Officer Dave Lesar said on Tuesday.
Search Engines Fueling Online Music Retailers Search Engines Fueling Online Music Retailers\\Search engines are fueling the online hip-hop, rock, country and polka industries according to a new Hitwise study. 30.4 percent of U.S. visits to music retail Web sites in July 2004 resulted directly from search-engines and directories. According to a new report from Hitwise, an ...
Belarus leader calls referendum Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko is to ask voters to allow him to stand for a third term in 2006.
Seagate Floats -- for a Day Seagate Technology offers a better than expected revenue and earnings forecast; the stock should still be avoided.
Disagreement over Blair #39;s call for peace conference There is a brewing dispute in Israel over British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s proposal for an international peace conference on the Middle East in January or February after the Palestinian elections, to grant the new Palestinian Authority leadership 
Oil Falls; OPEC Says Market Well-Supplied Oil prices eased further on Tuesday, as the head of OPEC cartel said that markets were well-supplied with crude and traders continued to take profits from this year #39;s 40 percent rally.
Unions at Alitalia Criticize Plans to Slash Thousands of Jobs Unions at Alitalia airlines are harshly criticizing plans to slash 5,000 jobs at the ailing Italian company. One of Alitalia #39;s smaller unions said it would stage a hunger strike to protest the cuts.
Markets rise amid falling oil prices A slide in the price of oil gave stock markets a lift this afternoon, but gains in Toronto were sharply limited by losses in energy company stocks.
UK Gives VoIP Its Own Area Code Ofcom, the United Kingdom #39;s regulatory agency for telecommunications, revealed plans to facilitate voice over IP in the residental market, including a new prefix for broadband numbers.
Integration Plays Key Role in Oracle #39;s Upcoming 11i.10 Integration is a key factor with any large ERP implementation and ongoing maintenance, and Oracle Corp. is catching on. At its London-based OpenWorld event this week Oracle announced better integration between 
BMC directs BSM onto Batch Windows BMC Software Inc. will today launch software that it says will provide a clear picture of the status of those batch processes that underpin the delivery of key business services so that failing jobs can be 
Japanese star joins Suns Yuta Tabuse has signed for Phoenix, boosting his hopes of becoming the first Japanese player to see action in the NBA. The 23-year-old guard, who took part in the Denver Nuggets #39; pre-season training camp last 
Tuesday, September 7th 2004 Hurricane Ivan, which weakened to a Category 2 storm Monday, is expected to regain its strength today as it plows through the Windward Islands and passes at least 200 miles south of St.
2 Italian Women Kidnapped in Iraq An Italian aid organization in Iraq says two Italian women working for the group have been kidnapped. Witnesses say gunmen stormed the central Baghdad offices of the Italian organization, Bridge to Baghdad 
Official campaign opens in Afghan presidential poll The official month-long campaign for Afghanistan #39;s first-ever direct presidential election opened today in what will be a major test of U S-led nation-building efforts since the 2001 ouster of the Taliban.
What was Natwar chewing at press conference with Kasuri New Delhi, Sep 7 (UNI) What was External Affairs Minister K Natwar Singh chewing at his joint press conference yesterday with his Pakistani counterpart Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri after their two-day talks?
Civil Society Slights Visiting IMF Chief Rato THE community constituency of the National Economic, Development and Labour Council (Nedlac) yesterday snubbed the MD of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) , Rodrigo Rato, on the first day of his whistle-stop South African tour .
Rite Aid Lowers 2005 Financial Projections Rite Aid and other pharmacies are losing sales because many large healthcare companies have raised their rates by up to \$125 a month recently, and they refuse to fill some drug orders unless an illness is considered life-threatening.
Seeing double As chipmakers plunge into the world of multicore processors to increase performance, software companies are struggling to catch up.
PGA Tour needs to bring stars to smaller venues What if the New York Yankees decided they only wanted to play against teams in big-market cities like Los Angeles, Chicago and Boston?
Weaker Hamas retains support Hamas turned one of its most painful setbacks in four years of fighting with Israel into a macabre popularity festival Tuesday 
Hard-Line Serbian Defends Milosevic Slobodan Milosevic angrily refused to work with two court-appointed lawyers Tuesday as they called the first witness in his war crimes defense case - an elderly Serbian nationalist who taught the ex-Yugoslav leader law and advised the wartime Serbian 
Vikings Turn to 44-Year-Old for Kicking (AP) AP - Morten Andersen, the second-leading scorer in NFL history, signed with the Minnesota Vikings on Tuesday, two days after being cut by Kansas City.
Russian Television Shows School Footage (AP) AP - A Russian television network showed footage from inside the school raided by militants last week depicting hooded attackers in a gymnasium crowded with hostages and strung up with explosives attached to wires.
Saudi Arabia, China agree to formal political dialogue (AFP) AFP - Saudi Arabia and China have reportedly agreed to hold regular political consultations.
Sponsorship not mentioned for years in department reviews: auditor general (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal sponsorship program operated for years without ever being mentioned in the Public Works Department's annual performance reviews, Auditor General Sheila Fraser said Tuesday.
Kerry: Bush 'Chose' Iraq War, Americans Pay Bill (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic White House\challenger John Kerry sharply rebuked President Bush on Tuesday\for choosing to go to war in Iraq and sticking Americans with\the  #36;200 billion bill.
Dollar Falls Before Greenspan Testimony  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar retreated against major  currencies on Tuesday as investors took profits on sharp U.S.  jobs-related gains last week, turning cautious ahead of a  speech by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on Wednesday.
Israel Hits Hamas Training Camp in Gaza, Killing 14  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks, helicopters and warplanes  pounded a Hamas training camp on Tuesday, killing 14 militants  in the deadliest ever strike against the Islamic faction a week  after it carried out a double suicide bombing.
Halliburton May Not Rebid for Iraq Work Halliburton Co. may decide not to submit new bids for the logistics contracts it holds in Iraq if the U.S. military divides up the work too deeply, Chief Executive Officer Dave Lesar said on Tuesday.
Battered US insurers brace for 3rd hurricane Florida insurers, after weathering two hurricanes in the last month, are scrambling to compile damage assessments while bracing for another potential storm this weekend that could further erode profits.
UPDATE 3-United Dominion buys \$897 mln homes, shares fall United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. (UDR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the largest US apartment owners, said on Tuesday 
Otellini: Dual-Core, WiMAX Now Key To Intel Strategy Intel is pressing for the adoption of dual- and multi-core processors and platforms, and will use more stringent standards for promising delivery of key products, its president said Tuesday.
HDS Targets Virtualization with TagmaStore NEW YORKHitachi Data Systems Inc. unveiled Tuesday embedded virtualization layer technology that can aggregate up to 32 petabytes of internal and external storage into a single virtual storage pool and 
Hewitt advances to US Open quarterfinals Former champion Lleyton Hewitt reached his third consecutive Grand Slam quarterfinal Tuesday, defeating Karol Beck 6-4, 6-2, 6-2, at the US Open for his 14th consecutive match victory.
Swimming Canada fires coach CALGARY (CP) - Swimming Canada has fired head coach Dave Johnson, who came under fire for Canada #39;s poor performance in the Olympic pool in Athens.
Terror in Beslan  Not justified by any cause AS THE grim images of parents weeping inconsolably over their children #39;s graves were beamed into drawing-rooms the world over, few eyes would have been dry or hearts un-enraged at the fiends who target children.
Dozens killed as US troops battle militants in Sadr City BAGHDAD : The Iraqi capital was steeped in blood as a fledgling truce in a Shiite rebel bastion was shattered by running battles that officials said had resulted in scores dead, while 13 US soldiers were killed in the space of 24 hours.
Britain wants UN to set Khartoum clear targets over Darfur LONDON : Britain wants the UN Security Council to set clear benchmarks for assessing Sudan #39;s efforts to end the humanitarian crisis in its war-torn Darfur region, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said.
Bid to Block Naming of  #39;Coup Bankrollers #39; Lawyers today tried to block moves to unveil more of the supposed financial backers of the alleged coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Seeing double in software licensing New dual-core processors will make conventional software licensing models obsolete. What's next?
Prompted by government policy, KTF embraces Java KTF is the last of the major South Korean carriers to license Java as required by the Wireless Internet Platform for Interoperability.
Airline's interest in mile-high Wi-Fi dives In-flight broadband still too expensive and immature, British Airways CEO says.
Get ready for SPIT (spam over Internet telephony) If spam could talk, it would spit. SPIT stands for spam over Internet telephony and could become just as annoying, according to executives from Qovia Inc., which recently filed two patent applications for technology to thwart SPIT.
Mellon Financial Corp. will acquire private investment firm PITTSBURGH Mellon Financial Corporation has agreed to acquire The Providence Group Investment Advisory Company, a private investment firm.
Florida Begins Cleanup as More Than 2.5 Mln Still Without Power Florida residents today began cleaning up and surveying the losses caused by Hurricane Frances, the most powerful storm in 55 years to hit the state #39;s central eastern coast.
Jobs offered to let Sony into iTunes, report says To counter Microsoft #39;s planned entry into the digital music market, Apple Computer offered to sign a strategic agreement with Sony, according to a Sept.
Macromedia Sells Web Conferencing By The Minute com. Macromedia on Tuesday opened up its Breeze Live hosted Web conferencing service to smaller shops by adding pay-as-you-go pricing to the subscription deals it had earlier offered.
Soccer: Souness can bring good times to Newcastle, says Shearer LONDON : Newcastle striker Alan Shearer believes Graeme Souness can bring the good times rolling back to St James #39; Park.  quot;All I keep hearing is that Souness will bring discipline to this club and I don #39;t doubt that that will be the case, quot; said Shearer.
Compete against your friends, SI experts and celebrities in this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MIAMI (Ticker) - Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad underwent surgery to remove a bursal infection in his right thigh, the team announced on Tuesday.
Pakistan #39;s Musharraf seeks Islamic scholars #39; help in terror fight ISLAMABAD : Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf asked Muslim scholars to help curb extremism by isolating religious schools which harbor terrorists as Pakistani security forces arrested a suspected Al-Qaeda linked Arab militant in a raid.
Happy Birthday Google Happy Birthday Google\\Google turns 6 years old today in a birthday celebration that has seen much change over the years. On September 7, 1998, Google Inc. opened its door in Menlo Park, California. The door came with a remote control, as it was attached to the garage of a friend ...
Pinochet's Millions Came from Savvy Investing-Son (Reuters) Reuters - Former Chilean dictator\Augusto Pinochet became a multi-millionaire because he saved,\made good investments and his friends gave him money, one of\his sons said on Tuesday.
Panthers Out to Prove Super Bowl No Fluke (AP) AP - There is no arrogant swagger among the Carolina Panthers, no bold predictions that they will walk straight back into the Super Bowl this season.
Two Italian Women Abducted in Baghdad (AP) AP - Two Italian women working for an aid agency in Iraq have been kidnapped, the agency said Tuesday. Gunmen in olive green uniforms broke into the group's Baghdad offices and took the women along with two Iraqis, neighbors said.
Phillies-Braves Game Postponed by Rain (AP) AP - The game between the Atlanta Braves and the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday was postponed because of a steady rain that began Monday night.
Yahoo to Begin Testing FareChase Travel Search (Reuters) Reuters - Internet media company Yahoo Inc.\ on Tuesday said it would soon begin testing a travel\price comparison search engine called FareChase as it further\integrates Web search services into its offerings.
Hindus Worry Over Christian, Muslim Growth (AP) AP - The leader of India's Hindu-nationalist opposition on Tuesday voiced concern over the growth rate among minority Muslims and Christians, urging them to practice family planning to preserve the nation's "unity and integrity."
Playboy to Feature Video Game Characters (AP) AP - Playboy is taking a chance on silicon instead of silicone. The October issue of the men's magazine features several video game characters posing in the nude  #151; images created by the game companies through detailed computer illustration.
Oil Prices Fall as Supply Fears Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices eased on Tuesday as  the head of the OPEC cartel said markets were well-supplied  with crude and traders continued to take profits from this  year's 40 percent rally.
Stocks Rise as Crude Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose in light volume on  Tuesday as a fall in oil prices eased investor concerns that  high energy costs would hurt corporate profits.
Fleetwood's Vertical Success The nation's leading manufacturer of RVs is capitalizing on a renewed corporate structure.
NY oil prices fall as storm worries wane NEW YORK : Oil prices retreated in New York and rose marginally in London as worries about the impact of Hurricane Frances subsided, traders said.
Alitalia Unions Reject Rescue Plan, Job Cuts  quot;Unbearable, quot;  quot;worrisome quot; and  quot;not convincing quot; were expressions used by employee representatives in response to an Alitalia management proposal to save the company, but they nonetheless agreed to continue talks.
BA to sell QF stake Qantas shares were this morning placed in a trading halt until September 10 at the latest. The airline said it was expecting BA to sell the \$1.
Update 4: Invesco, AIM Advisors Settle for \$376.5M Invesco Funds Group and its sister company agreed Tuesday to pay \$376.5 million and surrender another \$75 million in fees to settle allegations of improper trading, a deal that will send nearly all the money to investors harmed by the practice.
Currencies: Dollar falls as traders await Fed testimony NEW YORK The dollar fell against the euro and the yen amid optimism over Japanese growth and as traders awaited congressional testimony by the Federal Reserve chairman, Alan Greenspan.
Update 1: Circuit City Says Late Holiday Hurt Sales Circuit City Stores Inc. on Tuesday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.9 percent in its latest quarter, but growth was restrained by  quot;softer quot; sales in August and because the Labor Day holiday fell out of the period.
UPDATE 1-Tyco says to take charge for bond buy back Tyco International Ltd. (TYC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it repurchased \$350 million of convertible bonds, which will result in a fourth quarter charge of \$167 million 
Factory output suffers further decline By Malcolm Moore, Economics Correspondent (Filed: 08/09/2004). Output at Britain #39;s factories slumped unexpectedly in July, with production falling for the second consecutive month - the first time in nearly two years.
Executive Shake-Up Unveiled at CBS, Paramount TV In a major shake-up of its West Coast programing operations, media giant Viacom Inc. on Tuesday promoted several CBS executives to new roles at the broadcaster and a newly merged television studio.
Quattrone, once a star banker, faces sentencing Frank Quattrone, a former star investment banker who once earned \$120 million in a year, will be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal investigation into some 
Drug Movers Tip Balance Lower Stocks of branded and generic drug makers closed down a bit Tuesday as clinical study results mixed with merger updates. One of the big winners on the day was Nektar Therapeutics, on news that Exubera, the 
Nevsun plunges Shares of Nevsun Resources Ltd. plunged Tuesday as the Vancouver-based mining company searched for reasons behind a government order to stop all work in the African country of Eritrea.
Honda to make new Acura SUV in Ohio MARYSVILLE, Ohio - Honda has decided to build a new line of sport utility vehicles from its Acura luxury division and make them in Ohio.
Nokia to offer BlackBerry Connect Research In Motion, the makers of the BlackBerry push email handheld device, and Symbian have announced plans to enable BlackBerry Connect on Symbian OS-based Series 80 mobile devices, such as the Nokia 9210, 9210i, 9290 and the new 9500 Communicator.
UK Cyberspace Has a New Calling Code British telephone users now have a new code prefix - 056 - for VoIP numbers with cyberspace locations. The United Kingdom #39;s media and telecommunications regulator, Ofcom, has released plans to help the take 
A More Conservative Intel Doesn #39;t Add Many Details On &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Burned by a series of production missteps and canceled products, the company lets AMD get out in front on multicore product announcements.
Genesis Space Capsule to Come to Utah Tomorrow They #39;ve waited, they #39;ve watched, they #39;ve practiced over and over again what to do. Tomorrow it #39;s really going to happen!
Finnair Plans Mobile Check-In In what it calls a first in international air travel, Finnair says it will let its frequent fliers check in using text messages on mobile phones.
Hitachi #39;s Newest Array Pools 32 Petabytes Of Virtual Storage Hitachi Data Systems, Sun Microsystems, and Hewlett-Packard this week are trying to leapfrog EMC for enterprise-class storage leadership using pretty much the same product -- HDS #39;s new TagmaStore Universal Storage Platform.
Spaceport Mum on Frances Shuttle Delays CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Sept. 7, 2004 - The director of the hurricane-ravaged Kennedy Space Center refused to speculate Tuesday whether the damage will thwart plans to resume shuttle flights next spring, but 
Tellabs scales back AFC buy Communications equipment maker Tellabs scaled back the size of its purchase of Advanced Fibre Communications (AFC) Tuesday, reaching a new agreement that will drop the price tag on the deal to \$1.
Enter your e-mail: A few weeks ago I wrote in this very blog that HD for the masses was still some way away. Well, its taken another step closer: Sony has just announced a \$3700 HD Camcorder for consumers.
Red Hat Releases New Linux Update Red Hat Inc. Tuesday released its latest patch, Update 3, to its flagship server operating system, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3. RHEL(Red Hat Enterprise Linux)subscribers can download this latest update from the Red Hat Network.
Intel Testing Rosedale WiMax Chip Intel has started testing its WiMax chip, dubbed  quot;Rosedale. quot; The chip manufacturer is shipping test versions of the chip to equipment manufacturers and is involved in trials with carriers.
Samsung launches camera phone with hard drive Samsung Electronics, largest producer of color monitors, color TV sets, memory chips, and LCD displays, has announced the  quot;first-ever mobile phone with an internal hard drive quot; (Samsung #39;s slogan for this phone) on Tuesday.
KDDI beats DoCoMo in net cell phone subscription growth TOKYO - KDDI Corp beat NTT DoCoMo Inc in net subscription growth in the Japanese cell phone market in August for the first time in three months.
McAfee Slides on CFO Departure Made nervous by the announcement that McAfee #39;s (MFE:NYSE - news - research) CFO plans to resign, investors on Tuesday sold off shares of the antivirus maker.
Charles Arthur On Technology Once upon a time there was a boy called Bill, and he had a vision of what a computer-operating system should be able to do: find a file that had any sort of content you were looking for, anywhere on your machine or a local network, and hand it to you 
Oracle Targets SMBs with App Server Lite Officials at Oracle (Quote, Chart) used its Open World show in London as a springboard to launch an application server offering for small- to medium-sized businesses (SMB) Tuesday.
Singh set to oust Woods again When Vijay Singh became the world No1 on Monday, displacing Tiger Woods after a record 264 weeks, it was just reward for an outstanding season.
Petacchi wins fourth stage TOP sprinter Alessandro Petacchi, of the Fassa Bortolo team, won the fourth stage of the Tour of Spain, a 167.5km ride from Soria to Zaragoza in the north of the country today.
US means business on trip to Panama PANAMA CITY, Panama -- When US National Team assistant coach Curt Onalfo visited Panama back in July on a scouting trip, he didn #39;t know what he was going to encounter.
Dolphins #39; fullback has thigh surgery Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad had surgery Tuesday for an infection in his right thigh and is expected to miss Sunday #39;s opener against the Tennessee Titans.
Frances makes impact on Dolphins A loss of power at Dolphins headquarters on Saturday wasn #39;t the only impact Hurricane Frances has made on the franchise. Of the nine players who didn #39;t travel to New Orleans for Friday #39;s 20-19 
40 Iraqis killed as Sadr City erupts BAGHDAD: Iraq was steeped in blood Tuesday as a fledgling truce in a Baghdad rebel bastion was shattered by fresh fighting that officials said left 40 killed and scores wounded, while the US death count neared the 1,000 mark.
Italy outraged over aid worker kidnappings ROME: Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi joined opposition leaders to urge a united front following the Baghdad abduction of two female aid workers.
UN war crime tribunal calls first witness in Milosevic defense &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) Tuesday called the first witness in the defense case of former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic 
IAI takes rap for Ofek-6 failure Israel Aircraft Industries, the senior partner involved in construction of the Ofek-6 spy satellite and the Shavit launcher, yesterday accepted full responsibility for the malfunction that caused the failure of Monday #39;s launch.
Singapore invited to check farms in Johor JOHOR BARU: The Singapore authorities have been invited to check chicken farms in Johor for avian influenza if the republic wants to import poultry from here.
Russian Tax Authorities Give Yukos Another, Larger Bill 3 September 2004 -- Russia #39;s tax authorities have given Yukos another bill for back taxes that is higher than the oil company expected.
3Com drops after lowering revenue target MARLBOROUGH, Mass. - 3Com Corp. said today its quarterly revenue will come in around 10 per cent below its previous expectation, an announcement that sent shares of the communications network supplier down nearly 10 per cent.
QRS Jilts JDA, Teams with Inovis With little more than a month left for JDA Software Group Inc. to close on its \$100 million acquisition of QRS Corp., QRS pulled the plug on the deal in favor of a \$116 million acquisition by Inovis International Inc.
Nokia To Offer BlackBerry Software Research In Motion (RIM) and mobile operating-system consortium Symbian have signed a deal that will enable BlackBerry Connect to run on Symbian-based Nokia Series 80 mobile devices, such as the 9500 Communicator.
British ruling cheers VoIP industry update British regulatory agency Ofcom has begun to map out the future for commercial Net phone services. And while some issues are as yet unresolved, the organization issued a key ruling Monday that was popular among carriers.
Titans not worried about Ivan changing kickoff with Dolphins The Tennessee Titans don #39;t plan to worry about Hurricane Ivan right now. They #39;re too busy preparing to play the Miami Dolphins in a season opener still scheduled for Sunday.
Russians Rally Against Terror, Bury Dead MOSCOW Sept. 7, 2004 - Tens of thousands of Russians massed outside the Kremlin to rally against terrorism Tuesday as mourners lowered caskets into the damp earth at a Beslan cemetery four days after the school siege that claimed more than 350 lives.
Fatigue is main fear for Henman An American asked Tim Henman if he would like to comment on the fact that only two US men, Andy Roddick and Andre Agassi, survived into the last 32 of this year #39;s US Open.
Leinart becomes a leader of men As Matt Leinart drifted toward the left sideline, scrambling to buy extra time, he motioned David Kirtman to break off his route and go downfield.
Insurers Assess Frances #39; Damage Toll Insurers are having their costliest year since 2001, when the September 11th terrorist attacks in the US led to \$26.5 billion in catastrophe claims.
Systems  #39;Go #39; in Utah Helicopter Snag of NASA Probe Two Hollywood stunt pilots and a space capsule full of stardust were on track for a historic mid-air encounter above the Utah desert on Wednesday at the end of 
Lexmark, Dell, IBM laser printers recalled THE US CONSUMER Product Safety Commission said that printers from Lexmark, Dell and IBM can short circuit, posing possible electric shock hazards to consumers.
Enter your e-mail: Rumor has it that Tivo and Netflix will team up to deliver downloadable movies. In a story from Newsweek  #39;s September 13 issue an unnamed  quot;insider quot; says the companies merely await the approval of Tivo #39;s board 
Hitachi #39;s Big Box Promises More Than Power The company unveiled its long-awaited TagmaStore storage system that can act as the front-end manager for multiple storage systems from other vendors.
Samsung Introduces Phone With Hard Drive swight1701 writes  quot;It is being reported that Samsung has shown what it claims is the world #39;s first mobile phone that incorporates a hard drive.
Robinson wants to break free There are two ways to go as an acting England head coach: either you sit back and let your track record do the talking or you grasp the bull by the horns and shout your ambitions to the skies.
Frances #39; wrath lingers in Atlanta Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - Tuesday night #39;s game between the Philadelphia Phillies and Atlanta Braves at Turner Field was postponed because of rain.
Israeli Armored Vehicles Mass in Gaza: Witnesses Israeli armored vehicles backed by helicopters rolled into Palestinian-controlled areas of the northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday, Palestinian witnesses said.
Putin rules out talks with Chechen rebels LONDON: Russian President Vladimir Putin has forcefully ruled out any negotiations with Chechen separatists following the deaths of more than 350 people in a hostage-taking crisis in southern Russia, The Guardian newspaper reported on Tuesday.
Hurricane Ivan Damages Parts of Barbados ST. GEORGE #39;S, Grenada Sept. 7, 2004 - Packing ferocious winds, Hurricane Ivan made a direct hit on Grenada Tuesday, blasting apart scores of homes and hurling hundreds of the island #39;s landmark red zinc roofs through the air.
ASEAN armies exchange intelligence info to combat terrorism JAKARTA - Army chiefs from the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations agreed Tuesday to share intelligence information in order to curb terrorism and transnational crimes.
Finns in Toronto is case Canada loses, Slovakia #39;s Chara OK to play TORONTO (CP) - Team Finland arrived in Toronto on Tuesday on the off-chance that Canada loses its World Cup of Hockey quarter-final game against Slovakia.
Redshirt freshman replaces Koch on line Illinois romped over Florida A amp;M 52-13 on Saturday. But coach Ron Turner doesn #39;t sound like a coach whose team romped. After watching film of the game, Turner was furious over a  quot;cheap shot quot; during the fifth 
Mauresmo Comes Up Short, Hewitt Cruises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amelie Mauresmo's hopes of a first  grand slam title were left in tatters at the U.S. Open on  Tuesday when she was beaten by Elena Dementieva.
U.S. Stocks Rise; Oil, Gold Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A decline in the price of oil helped  lift U.S. stocks to their highest level in two-months on  Tuesday.
Pilots to Try to Retrieve Genesis Capsule (AP) AP - A few weeks ago, Cliff Fleming was chasing the Batmobile at night in a helicopter 20 feet above the cavernous streets of Chicago.
Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records (AP) AP - President Bush ranked in the middle of his Air National Guard flight class and flew 336 hours in a fighter jet before letting his pilot status lapse and missing a key readiness drill in 1972, according to his flight records belatedly uncovered Tuesday under the Freedom of Information Act.
Edwards Cites Layoffs During Bush Years (AP) AP - Democrat John Edwards kept up a long-distance debate over his "two Americas" campaign theme with Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday, saying it was no illusion to thousands of laid-off workers in Ohio.
Hard Labor Pays Off for World Number One Singh  LONDON (Reuters) - If success is earned by those who work  the hardest, then newly crowned world number one Vijay Singh is  a shining example.
George Shultz Endorses Stem Cell Issue (AP) AP - Former U.S. Secretary of State George Shultz on Tuesday became the most prominent Republican to endorse a California ballot measure that would fund human embryonic stem cell research in the state.
Invesco, AIM Agree to \$450 Mln Settlement  DENVER (Reuters) - Invesco Funds Group Inc. and affiliate  AIM Advisors Inc. agreed to a \$450 million settlement with  state and federal regulators to resolve probes of improper  trading, officials and the parent company said on Tuesday.
Roddick Qualifies for Masters Cup  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Defending U.S. Open champion Andy  Roddick has qualified for the end-of-season Tennis Masters Cup,  tournament organizers announced on Tuesday.
U.S. Stocks Close Higher as Crude Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips closed at two-month  highs on Tuesday as a fall in oil prices eased concerns that  high energy costs would hurt corporate profits, but there was  some caution as investors awaited a speech by Federal Reserve  Chairman Alan Greenspan on Wednesday.
Scientist: Extreme Weather Will Kill Millions (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of people across the\globe are set to die early due to extreme weather events such\as floods and heat waves caused by climate change, a British\scientist said Tuesday.
Dementieva Ends Mauresmo's Title Hopes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amelie Mauresmo's grand slam jinx  struck again when she lost 4-6, 6-4, 7-6 to Russian Elena  Dementieva in a dramatic U.S. Open quarter-final Tuesday.
Battered Florida Counts the Cost After Frances (Reuters) Reuters - Floridians began mopping up on Tuesday\and counting the cost of Hurricane Frances' long, destructive\path through the state, and thousands of people joined long\lines for ice, water and fuel.
Nev. 1st Touch-Screen, Paper-Trail Voters (AP) AP - In what could become a model for other states, Nevada voters on Tuesday became the first in the nation to cast ballots in a statewide election on computers that printed paper records of electronic ballots.
Dollar Off, Traders Cautious on Greenspan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar retreated against major  currencies on Tuesday as investors took profits on sharp U.S.  jobs data-related gains last week, turning cautious ahead of a  speech by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on   Wednesday.
US Air Shares Sink, Pilots Reject Deal  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of US Airways Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt; slid as much as 23 percent on Tuesday after leaders of  its pilots union rejected the company's latest contract  proposal, dealing a blow to its attempt to avoid a second trip  through bankruptcy.
Israeli Armored Vehicles Mass in Gaza: Witnesses  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli armored vehicles backed by  helicopters rolled into Palestinian-controlled areas of the  northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday, Palestinian witnesses  said.
Researchers Release Tree Genome Database (AP) AP - A new database of tree genes has been released by Oregon and Swedish researchers in an effort to speed up basic and commercial research.
Czechs Trounce Sweden to Reach World Cup Semi-Finals  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Czech Republic reached the World Cup  semi-finals by outclassing Sweden 6-1 thanks to some efficient  counter-attacking hockey on Tuesday.
U.S. Death Toll in Iraq Reaches Grim Milestone  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The American death toll in Iraq  topped 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after President Bush  launched the war that has become a central issue in the  November U.S. presidential elections.
Hurricane Ivan Pounds Eastern Caribbean Islands  PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad (Reuters) - Hurricane Ivan tore  down trees, blew off roofs, knocked out power and forced  hundreds of people to evacuate coastal areas as it pounded the  tiny islands of the southeastern Caribbean on Tuesday.
Marines Say Up to 100 Insurgents Killed in Falluja  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. Marines said on Tuesday that as  many as 100 insurgents had been killed in fighting in the  hotbed Iraqi town of Falluja.
Some 60 Hippos Die Mysteriously in Uganda (AP) AP - Some 60 hippos have died from an unknown cause in the past two months in one of Uganda's national parks, an official said Tuesday.
Hewitt Looks Toward Another U.S. Open Title Lleyton Hewitt eliminated Karol Beck, a 22-year-old Slovakian who was making his first Grand Slam appearance in the round of 16.
U.S. Stocks Close Higher as Crude Falls &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Megan Davies&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips closed at two-monthhighs on Tuesday as a fall in oil prices eased concerns thathigh energy costs would hurt corporate profits, but there wassome caution as investors awaited a speech by Federal ReserveChairman Alan Greenspan on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;
U.S. to Meet Asian Allies, Chinese on N. Korea  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief U.S. negotiator on North  Korea will hold discussions in Japan and China in the next few  days aimed at organizing a fresh round of six-party talks on  dismantling Pyongyang's nuclear programs, a State Department  official said on Tuesday.
Turkish stocks soar on EU hopes Turkey's stock market closes at a record high on hopes the EU will soon invite Ankara to start entry talks.
Fewer Asians live on less than \$1 a day But a new report from the Asian Development Bank also finds a growing gap between rich and poor.
Rugby: Woodward for Lions The Lions committee confirms Sir Clive Woodward as coach for New Zealand tour.
Dollar May Strengthen Versus Euro Ahead of Greenspan Testimony The dollar may rise against the euro in Asia for the first day this week on speculation Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan will express optimism about the US economy in testimony before Congress today.
Shock Hazard Prompts Lexmark Recall The US Consumer Product Safety Commission said Tuesday that Lexmark International has voluntarily recalled more than 39,400 laser printers, under the Lexmark, Dell and IBM brands, for their potential to deliver electrical shocks.
Intel plots path of WiMax SAN FRANCISCO--Intel predicted three years of solid development in wireless broadband on Tuesday, as it showed the first samples of its Rosedale 802.
Dolphins #39; FB Konrad has thigh surgery DAVIE, Fla. (Sept. 7, 2004) -- Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad had surgery to remove damaged tissue from his infected right thigh.
FSU, Miami to battle as ACC rivals, this time MIAMI - Friday may mark No. 5 Miamis entrance into the Atlantic Coast Conference. However, you can forgive the Hurricanes if the game has a familiar feel to it.
Coup plot inquiry moves to Guernsey bank The hunt for the financiers behind the attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea, which led to the arrest in South Africa of Sir Mark Thatcher, yesterday moved to the sedate surroundings of the royal court in St Peter Port, Guernsey.
Ferdinand win Mercury Music Prize Glasgow band Franz Ferdinand win this year's Mercury Music Prize for their self-titled debut album.
1 in 10 not so lucky with XP Service Pack Written by Net 4 Nowt AssetMetrix, an on-demand IT AssetIntelligence service, today announced a series of new reports that identify specific applications and hardware within a corporate infrastructure that may no longer work properly after the 
Market hots up with Napster To Go Napster has unveiled a preview version of its forthcoming Napster To Go portable digital music subscription service. The offering will allow consumers to move an unlimited amount of music from Napster #39;s catalogue 
Nokia woos the business market In an attempt to increase its share of the business market, the mobile phone maker Nokia on Tuesday announced a sleeker version of its Communicator smart phone and expanded the number of mobile phones equipped with the BlackBerry e-mail application, a 
UK Regulator: VoIP Will Benefit Consumers UK regulator Ofcom says the comparatively low cost of Voice over IP (VoIP) technology means that barriers to entry for new companies are lower than those in traditional telephony, so consumers 
Apache Balks At Microsoft #39;s Licensing In Anti-Spam Standard Sender &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sep. 03, 2004. The Apache Software Foundation, developers of the popular open-source Apache web server, said on Thursday that it wouldn #39;t support the proposed anti-spam standard 
Clinton Talking, Taking Liquids NEW YORK - Former President Clinton was alert and talking on Tuesday, a day after undergoing a heart operation to bypass four severely clogged arteries.    Clinton remained in intensive care at New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia and was "resting comfortably," according to a statement by his office...
CBO Projects \$442 Billion Federal Deficit WASHINGTON - The federal deficit will swell to a record \$422 billion this election year but fall short of even more dire forecasts, Congress' top budget analysts projected Tuesday in a report that became instant fodder for both political parties.    The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said the shortfall would shrink to \$348 billion next year - still the third worst ever in dollar terms...
Russians Rally Against Terror, Bury Dead MOSCOW - Tens of thousands of people answered a government call and rallied outside the Kremlin on Tuesday in a show of solidarity against terrorism, nearly a week after militants seized a school in southern Russia in a standoff that claimed more than 350 lives, many of them children.    Mourners in the grief-stricken city of Beslan lowered caskets into the damp earth in a third day of burials from the siege, which officials have blamed on Chechens and other Islamic militants...
Dementieva Advances to U.S. Open Semis NEW YORK - Elena Dementieva shook off a subpar serve that produced 15 double-faults, an aching left thigh and an upset stomach to advance to the semifinals at the U.S. Open with a 4-6, 6-4, 7-6 (1) victory Tuesday over Amelie Mauresmo...
U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000 BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed 1,000 Tuesday, an Associated Press tally showed, as a spike in fighting with Sunni and Shiite insurgents killed seven Americans in the Baghdad area...
Kerry Assails Deficit As Bush's Fault GREENSBORO, N.C. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Tuesday's projection of a record budget deficit this election year and the continuing movement of U.S...
Intel plans for digital planet &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Think different, developers told
Calif. to Sue Diebold Over False Claims  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Attorney General Bill  Lockyer said on Tuesday he would sue electronic voting machine  maker Diebold Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DBD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DBD.N&lt;/A&gt; on charges it defrauded the state  with false claims about its products.
Wireless Technology to Rival Cable, DSL - Intel  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - An emerging wireless  communications technology called WiMAX, which can blanket  entire cities with high-speed Internet connections, will rival  DSL and cable as the preferred way to connect homes and  businesses to the Internet, Intel Corp. said on Tuesday.
Noah's Ark plan from top Moon man The European Space Agency's chief scientist sets out his vision for a DNA library on the Moon in case of emergency.
Fund firms to pay \$450 million in market-timing case SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Invesco Funds Group and AIM Advisors agreed Tuesday to pay \$450 million in penalties and reduced fees to settle allegations that they allowed fraudulent trades in their mutual funds.
HEWITT IMPRESSES IN BECK ROMP Lleyton Hewitt looked impressive once again as he cruised into the men #39;s quarter-finals at Flushing Meadows on Tuesday. The Australian fourth seed, champion here in 2001, was far too good for Slovakia #39;s Karol Beck.
Sadr City Erupts Anew BAGHDAD, 8 September 2004 - Fierce fighting between followers of Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr and US forces in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City yesterday killed at least 37 people, including two American soldiers, and injured over 200.
Aid workers abducted in brazen raid BAGHDAD - Gunmen abducted two Italian aid workers and two Iraqis in central Baghdad yesterday in a brazen attack that will alarm foreigners who are already on edge from widespread kidnappings.
Saturn's Death Star Lookalike Saturn's satellite, Mimas, can be imaged from afar and imagined up close, but its striking resemblance to the fictional Death Star from Star Wars gives the most dramatic view of its violent past.    Astrobiology Magazine -- Lonely Mimas swings around Saturn, seeming to gaze down at the planet's splendid rings...
Gemini Telescope Captures Galactic Contortionists While a terrestrial view of a galaxy might disguise the turbulent, changing mergers that fuel their formation, a famous cluster called Stephan's Quintet shows that seemingly immutable stars are always in flux.    Astrobiology Magazine -- A stunning image released by the Gemini Observatory captures the graceful interactions of a galactic ballet, on a stage some 300 million light years away, that might better be described as a contortionist's dance...
US Air hit by pilots #39; refusal on pay US Airways shares tumbled Tuesday over doubts that the airline can obtain \$800 million in wage and benefit cuts that it is seeking from its employees.
Hewitt shuffles straight to last eight It might be viewed as a contradiction in terms to suggest that Australia #39;s Lleyton Hewitt, the 2001 US Open champion, was moving quietly along.
Graeme Souness Profile As a player, Souness built up a fearsome reputation as a hard man of the game - many feel that his style of play, with more than the odd cynical foul thrown in, could never fit into the modern game.
BYU: Berry may start at QB for Cougars Admitting he was not comfortable coming off the bench, Matt Berry may get his wish to be Brigham Young #39;s starting quarterback.
France confirms delay of Iraqi president #39;s visit to France French Foreign Ministry confirmed Friday the delay of Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar #39;s visit to France, previously scheduled for Sept.
China flood deaths mount to 143 At least 143 people have died in China in flash floods and landslides triggered by torrential rains, the official Xinhua new agency reports.
Briefly: Push-to-talk wiretaps on feds' speed list roundup Plus: Tellabs scales back AFC buy...Top McAfee exec to step down...IDC says external disk storage up...Lawmakers to vote on spyware, piracy bills.
Online music buyers may be saved by... Microsoft? I NEVER thought I #39;d say this but I think Microsoft might be coming to my rescue. And if you have a digital music player, and have been drooling over the prospect of buying music online for it, Mr Bill Gates 
McAfee CFO Richards to Retire in December Internet security company McAfee Inc. Monday said Stephen Richards, its chief operating officer and chief financial officer, will retire at the end of the year to spend time with his family.
Oracle #39;s New App Server Targets Midmarket Oracle Tuesday continued its midmarket push with the release of a new version of its 10g J2EE application server priced for midsize customers.
CA adds financial view to management An update to Computer Associates' management software lets users bill for IT services based on usage.
Frances #39; fallout seen short-lived on Fla. economy Frances, the second major hurricane to strike Florida in three weeks, has stung tourism, agriculture and other industries, but the state #39;s economy is expected to 
Irish coach could make ugly history Here we are, a week into the college football season, and already the skin tingles with anticipation of what could be in store. Notre Dame is 0-1, likely on its way to 0-2, and quite possibly 
Intel plots path of WiMax Three years of solid development in wireless broadband lie ahead, Intel says, as it gives a first look at its Rosedale WiMax processor.
British soldier faces murder charge over death of Iraqi man A British soldier appeared before a court in London yesterday accused of murdering a civilian in Iraq. Kevin Williams, 21, was brought before a civilian court after his own commanding officer had initially dismissed the charges.
Itanium not meeting Intel's goals In a rare admission, an Intel executive says the Itanium chip family still isn't living up to \expectations.
For Intel, the future has two cores Chipmaker turns to a more-is-better approach, downplaying chip speeds in favor of new features and designs.
Unisys joins Red Hat Partner Community SEPTEMBER 07, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IT services and hardware vendor Unisys Corp. has upped its involvement with Linux by joining the Red Hat Partner Community one month after unveiling support for Linux on its ES7000 servers (see story).
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution For the Braves, Tuesday #39;s rainout means they #39;re scheduled to close the season with 27 games in 27 days, including doubleheaders today against the Phillies and Monday against the Mets in New York.
Win vs. Panama would put US in driver #39;s seat The US men #39;s national team took the lead in Group A of the semifinal stage of CONCACAF region World Cup qualifying with its 2-0 victory Saturday over El Salvador.
Apple fixes 15 flaws in Mac OS X The Mac maker patches a bushel of security issues in its flagship operating system, some of which are considered "critical."
Tyco Cuts Debt by \$350 Million Tyco International Ltd. Tuesday said it will take a \$167 million charge after repurchasing \$350 million in convertible bonds. The Bermuda-based industrial conglomerate also backed its forecast for operating 
Hitachi upgrades storage line Hitachi Data Systems on Tuesday announced a new enterprise storage lineup with new features such as a virtualization that allows customers to manage up to 32 Petabytes (PB) of internal and external storage.
MSN, iTunes and  #39;choice #39; Microsoft #39;s effort to send a message to Apple via legions of iPod users isn #39;t quite as elaborate as RealNetworks #39; Freedom of Music Choice campaign, but the gist is the same.
New Oracle E-Biz Suite Aims To Simplify Application and Technology &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oracle says its new E-Business Suite 11i.10 will improve business process automation and operating efficiency across an enterprise.
Oracle Sets Its Sights on Small Biz LONDON -- Enterprise software giant Oracle may be known for big plans and bold moves, but the Redwood Shores, California, company has realized it also has to think small.
Yankees withdraw forfeit request, game rescheduled as part of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The New York Yankees withdrew Tuesday their request that a postponed game with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays be forfeited, and Major League Baseball announced the game would be made up as part of a doubleheader Wednesday.
GENESIS Returns to Earth: IIt will be 9:54 in the morning, Mountain Daylight Time, on Wednesday, September 8, when the Genesis sample return capsule, weighing 190 kilograms (420 pounds), will enter the Earths atmosphere 
Lexmark Issues Recall for 40,000 Printers The US Consumer Product Safety Commission, in cooperation with Lexmark, today recalled nearly 40,000 laser printers. According to a company statement, these printers can short-circuit, posing an electrical shock hazard to consumers.
BP, BHP Evacuate Crews From Trinidad Rigs; Ivan Nears (Update2) BP Plc, Europe #39;s largest oil company, said it evacuated 500 non-essential workers from offshore rigs near Trinidad and Tobago as Hurricane Ivan approached the Caribbean country.
Tellabs scales back AFC buy The communications equipment maker scales back the size of its purchase of Advanced Fibre Communications.
Push-to-talk wiretaps on feds' speed list Justice Department urges FCC to deny extension request of Alltel, along with those of AT #38;T, Sprint.
Verizon switches on speedier DSL Plan promises downloads of up to 3mbps to lure in gamers and other high-bandwidth users.
British ruling cheers VoIP industry Carriers are pleased with system that will allow consumers to transfer fixed-line numbers to their Net phone service.
Samsung to slot a hard drive into handsets One-inch media storage drive marks a step forward for convergence of mobile devices.
Hewitt advances, Federer to face Agassi NEW YORK, Sept. 7. - Former champion Lleyton Hewitt reached his third consecutive Grand Slam quarter-final by defeating Karol Beck of Slovakia 6-4, 6-2, 6-2, at the US Open today for his 14th consecutive victory.
Rovers begin boss search Blackburn have started the search for a successor to Graeme Souness, with the club revealing they have received 20 serious applications for the post.
Willingham is already fired in fans #39; minds The Notre Dame message boards are no longer discussing whether Tyrone Willingham should be fired. Theyre already arguing about whether the next coach should be Barry Alvarez or Steve Spurrier.
Holland named AD at East Carolina Tery Holland, former athletic director at the University of Virginia was named Tuesday to that post at East Carolina University. Holland signed a five-year deal with ECU starting Oct.
Sun readies first Opteron blade server Netra line of servers will have Linux as an operating system option.
FDA picks Maryland company for IT consolidation contract ITSolutions will provide IT consolidation services to help streamline operations at eight branches of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Parallel processing: Coming to a desktop near you The PC industry is about to go through a major change in the way computers are designed, built and marketed, Intel President and COO Paul Otellini said today at the Fall Intel Developer Forum.
7-Eleven deploys HP technology in 5,300 U.S. stores The five-year, \$55 million deal is designed to help the convenience retailer improve customer service while boosting efficiency and productivity.
Open-source backers revolt against Microsoft antispam plan The Apache Software Foundation and the Debian Project said they won't support the Sender ID e-mail authentication standard in their products.
Lexmark recalls 39,000 laser printers The recalled printers include the Lexmark E232, E232t, E330, E332n and E332tn models; the IBM Infoprint 1412 and 1412n; and the Dell 1700 and 1700n, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
FedEx CEO to lead industry security task force FedEx CEO Frederick W. Smith was named today by the Business Roundtable to chair the group's security task force.
Unisys joins Red Hat Partner Community The decision by IT services and hardware vendor Unisys Corp. comes one month after the company announced its first Linux servers.
Intel's Rosedale chip brings WiMax closer Rosedale is asystem-on-chip processor designed for networking gear that will wirelessly connect end users' homes or offices with a WiMax-based broadband network.
Oracle in a buying mood, president says A consolidating market and an economic recovery during the past year have made future acquisition deals in the near term more likely for Oracle, according to company President Charles Phillips.
U.S. Stocks Rise; Oil, Gold Fall (Reuters) Reuters - A decline in the price of oil helped\lift U.S. stocks to their highest level in two-months on\Tuesday.
Calif. to Sue Diebold Over False Claims (Reuters) Reuters - California Attorney General Bill\Lockyer said on Tuesday he would sue electronic voting machine\maker Diebold Inc.  on charges it defrauded the state\with false claims about its products.
Dementieva Advances to U.S. Open Semis (AP) AP - With a shot at claiming the No. 1 ranking, Amelie Mauresmo engaged Elena Dementieva in a contest called, "Anything you can do, I can do worse." Mauresmo allowed an aching, ailing and double-faulting Dementieva to come back from a set and a break down to win their miscue-marred U.S. Open quarterfinal 4-6, 6-4, 7-6 (1) Tuesday.
Microsoft offers more time to test XP Service Pack 2 Microsoft Corp. is giving users more time to prepare for Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) by doubling the time a special registry key will prevent PCs from automatically downloading and installing the mammoth update.
Wireless Technology to Rival Cable, DSL - Intel (Reuters) Reuters - An emerging wireless\communications technology called WiMAX, which can blanket\entire cities with high-speed Internet connections, will rival\DSL and cable as the preferred way to connect homes and\businesses to the Internet, Intel Corp. said on Tuesday.
Get a Ball at the Open? Toss It Back (AP) AP - Andre Agassi took a victory swing, whacking the ball into the upper deck at Arthur Ashe Stadium. Sitting high in section 133, Melody Rajacic wound up with the specially stamped Wilson I.
U.S. Death Toll in Iraq Reaches Grim Milestone (Reuters) Reuters - The American death toll in Iraq\topped 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after President Bush\launched the war that has become a central issue in the
US Airways Appeals Directly to Pilots (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc. \issued a general appeal on Tuesday to the carrier's 3,000\pilots after their union's leaders rejected proposed\concessions the company says are crucial to avert insolvency.
Cubs-Marlins to Play Two Doubleheaders (AP) AP - The Chicago Cubs and Florida Marlins will play two doubleheaders to make up the three-game series that was wiped out last weekend in Miami by Hurricane Frances.
Invesco, AIM Agree to  #36;450 Mln Settlement (Reuters) Reuters - Invesco Funds Group Inc. and affiliate\AIM Advisors Inc. agreed to a  #36;450 million settlement with\state and federal regulators to resolve probes of improper\trading, officials and the parent company said on Tuesday.
IDF: Parallel processing coming to a desktop near you SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. and the PC industry are about to go through a major change in the way client computers are designed, built and marketed, said Intel President and Chief Operating Officer Paul Otellini during his introductory address Tuesday at the Fall Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco.
Hurricane Ivan Pounds Eastern Caribbean Islands (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Ivan tore\down trees, blew off roofs, knocked out power and forced\hundreds of people to evacuate coastal areas as it pounded the\tiny islands of the southeastern Caribbean on Tuesday.
Lexmark, Dell and IBM printers can pose shock hazard About 39,400 laser printers made by Lexmark International Inc. and sold by Lexmark, IBM Corp. and Dell Inc. can pose an electrical shock hazard, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) warned Tuesday.
Ion appoints administrator Automotive parts maker and petrol and LPG distributor Ion Ltd was suspended from trading on the Australian Stock Exchange and had an administrator appointed after bankers withdrew support for the company.
Titans Not Worried About Storm in Miami (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans don't plan to worry about Hurricane Ivan right now. They're too busy preparing to play the Miami Dolphins in a season opener still scheduled for Sunday.
Tivo, Netflix Close to Internet Movie Deal -Report (Reuters) Reuters - Online DVD renter Netflix Inc.\ and television recorder maker TiVo Inc.  are\close to a deal to allow Netflix subscribers to download movies\over the Internet to their TiVo devices, according to the\latest issue of Newsweek magazine.
Oil prices rise after Saudi attack Global crude oil prices rose on Monday after gunmen stormed a US consulate in Saudi Arabia, arresting a three-day, 13-percent price slide.
Ford Recalls About 40,000 Minivans (Reuters) Reuters - Ford Motor Co.  is recalling about\40,000 minivans because their wheel hubs may develop cracks.
Mutombo says he will join Yao on NBA Rockets (AFP) AFP - Dikembe Mutombo, the 38-year-old African center who has played 13 seasons in the National Basketball Association, says he has agreed to a trade deal that will put him alongside Yao Ming in Houston.
Nokia To Offer BlackBerry Software (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Research In Motion (Nasdaq: RIMM) (RIM) and mobile operating-system consortium Symbian have signed a deal that will enable BlackBerry Connect to run on Symbian-based 
U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000 (AP) AP - U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 milestone Tuesday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down Saddam Hussein and President Bush declared major combat over.
Giants Call Up RHP Foppert, Three Others (AP) AP - The San Francisco Giants recalled right-handers Jesse Foppert, David Aardsma and outfielder Todd Linden from Triple-A Fresno on Tuesday.
IDF: Otellini confirms Yonah dual-core notebook chip SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. executives will spend part of Wednesday at the Intel Developer Forum talking about Yonah, the company's first dual-core notebook chip, said Paul Otellini, president and chief operating officer at Intel, during a meeting with reporters Tuesday in San Francisco.
Red Hat, Novell Linux's Hatfields, McCoys (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - The hippy ethic championed in early ads for the Linux operating system is giving way to good old competitive rancor as Red Hat   and Novell   launch warring campaigns.
Novell, Red Hat, Sun Pledge Support for AMD's Dual-Core Chips (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - AMD (NYSE: AMD) says software vendors 
Althea Gibson Honored in Open Tribute (AP) AP - For more than half her life, Zina Garrison heard the same advice from Althea Gibson: Work on your serve.
Woods Streak Ends As Best Player in Golf (AP) AP - Tiger Woods has put himself in some peculiar positions this year. He has struggled just to make the cut. Tee shots have ricocheted off corporate tents and small children. He has spent Sunday afternoons cleaning out his locker, not standing on the 18th green posing with the trophy.
First Look: Rave-MP's Flashy New MP3 Player Inexpensive flash-based player isn't perfect, but it serves its purpose.
Parallel Processing: Coming to a PC Near You Intel exec offers few details about dual-core chips as he talks up new technologies.
Intel Confirms Dual-Core Plans More details on Yonah, the company's dual-core notebook chip, will be released this week.
Oracle Sets Its Sights on Small Biz Software giant unveils apps for companies with limited IT resources.
Lexmark Printers Pose Shock Hazard Company is recalling certain laser printers, which are also sold by IBM and Dell.
Lemieux Reigns in Hockey's Shared Memory Luck is a relative term for Mario Lemieux, who has endured back operations, hip operations, cancer, a premature retirement and a team bankruptcy.
UPDATE 1-Open-Rejuvenated Haas reaches last eight Germany #39;s Tommy Haas continued his resurgence with a 7-6 6-1 7-5 victory over Czech teenager Tomas Berdych on Tuesday to reach the quarter-finals of the US Open for the first time.
TWO ITALIANS KIDNAPPED IN IRAQ The hostage crisis in Iraq has worsened with gunmen kidnapping two Italian women aid workers and two Iraqis from their offices in Baghdad.
Columnists: Feast of Egos Eager to tarnish Microsoft's shiny new Service Pack 2, the security press managed to spin the most thin and marginal issues into "gaping holes" and "security craters." 
iMac G5: Coolest Computer Ever Describing the new iMac G5, Chris Taylor writes in TIME,  #147;What you get for that money is quite possibly the coolest personal computer yet created. The cool is more than merely aesthetic. Unlike a lot of previous Mac machines, on which you could almost fry an egg, the iMac G5 #146;s beautiful white surface does not get noticeably hot. Nor, at a whisper-quiet 25 decibels, does it make enough noise for most people to hear #133; #148; Sep 7
Spitzer Arrives at Scene of Galactic Collision NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope has set its infrared sight on a major galactic collision and witnessed not death, but a teeming nest of life. The colliding galaxies, called the Antennae galaxies, are in the process of merging together.
Health Highlights: Sept. 7, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    ------      Early Puberty Increases Risk of Substance Abuse      Youngsters who begin puberty at an early age are more likely to experiment with and abuse alcohol, tobacco, and marijuana than kids who start puberty at a later age, says a Australian study in the September issue of the journal Pediatrics.      The study found that early puberty was more important than school grade or age in influencing this kind of behavior...
Hybrid Sunflower Oil May Keep Arteries Clean By BETSY BLANEY    LUBBOCK, Texas (AP) -- Some farmers are placing their hope in a hybrid sunflower seed that could help keep arteries clear and hearts pumping in a nation smitten with snacks and processed food.    "It's a healthier oil," said Willie Wieck, 62, who started growing sunflowers on his 450 acres in the Texas Panhandle in the early 1970s...
Oil prices to fall by a third: OPEC OPEC will consider raising its average price band at a meeting next week, but has forecast crude prices to fall by up to a third once elections in the US and Iraq are completed.
Insurers Weather Storm; Stocks Climb Shares of financial services firms helped lead the broader market higher Tuesday as investors were encouraged that insurance companies saw less damage from Hurricane Frances than originally feared.
US Airways Pilots #39; Union Leaders Reject Proposal Leaders of US Airways #39; pilots union late Monday rejected the carrier #39;s latest contract proposal, a blow to the airline #39;s attempt to avoid a second bankruptcy filing.
Invesco, AIM Advisors in \$450 Million Market Timing Settlement In one of the biggest settlements to date in the mutual fund scandal, Invesco Funds and AIM Advisors agreed to \$450 million in fines and fee reductions Tuesday to settle allegations they allowed favored customers to carry out illicit trading strategies in 
Ford Recalls About 40,000 Minivans Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) is recalling about 40,000 minivans because their wheel hubs may develop cracks. The recall affects 35,401 Ford Freestar minivans and 4,630 
Modest Scot who has hit the jackpot It #39;s been a year to remember for Bill Gammell, chief executive of Cairn Energy, who has seen the company he founded 24 years ago in Edinburgh quadruple in value in the 12 months to 2.
TiVo, Netflicks to announce partnership TiVo, the popular digital video recording system, and Netflix plan to team up to offer customers movie-downloading on demand. According to Newsweek, an announcement is due later this month.
Elated Singh on top of the world AS THE son of an aircraft technician in Fiji, as a nightclub bouncer in Edinburgh, as a teaching pro in Borneo, even as a plodding player on the PGA Tour early in his career, Vijay Singh could only guess what he could accomplish as a golfer.
Hewitt streak continues, through to last 8 Australian Lleyton Hewitt #39;s hot streak has continued, the No.4 seed crushing Slovakian Karol Beck to reach the US Open quarter-finals.
Two Italian women among four aid workers abducted in Baghdad TWO Italian women were kidnapped in Iraq yesterday when armed men in military uniforms stormed the Baghdad office of an aid group where they worked.
British soldier is charged with murdering Iraqi A 21-YEAR OLD British soldier appeared in court yesterday charged with murdering an Iraqi civilian during the course of an arrest.
Milosevic attacks imposition of defence lawyers as  #39;legal fiction #39; THE former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic blasted a decision to impose defence lawyers on him as  quot;legal fiction quot; yesterday, as his first witness began her testimony at his war crimes trial.
Israelis Mount New Gaza Raid After Strike on Hamas (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli tanks and helicopters swept into\the northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday, a day after\soldiers killed 14 Hamas militants in the biggest ever raid of\its kind.
Dollar Edges Higher as Greenspan Awaited (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar posted modest gains on\Wednesday as investors awaited comments from the Federal\Reserve chief that are expected to point to further rises in\U.S. interest rates this year.
Netflix, TiVo Aim to Offer Online Service (AP) AP - Home entertainment trendsetters Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. hope to link up on a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
Massive relief operation underway in flood-hit southwestern China (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - At least 143 people in southwestern China have been killed and dozens more are missing in massive floods and landslides triggered by torrential summer rains, officials and state television reported Tuesday.
Suspected terrorist facing deportation says he suffered abuse behind bars (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - An Egyptian refugee suspected of being a terrorist with links to Osama bin Laden told a harrowing tale of emotional abuse Tuesday as he described spending the last four years behind bars in Canada.
Federer Walks On Andrei Pavel's decision to withdraw from the tournament because of a back injury gives Roger Federer a walkover -- and a showdown with Andre Agassi on Wednesday night.
Ogden's Knee Improves; His Status Is Uncertain The Ravens are waiting to see how the knee of tackle Jonathan Ogden improves, and continue to hope that he will play in the season opener.
Dollar Edges Higher as Greenspan Awaited The dollar posted modest gains on Wednesday as investors awaited comments from the Federal Reserve chief that are expected to point to further rises in US interest rates this year.
California to sue e-voting firm SAN FRANCISCO - California Attorney General Bill Lockyer said on Tuesday that he would sue electronic voting machine maker Diebold Inc.
Eriksson job on line in Poland THERE is nothing new under the sun. Heres the scenario. Itsa vital World Cup qualifier deep in the industrial heartlands of Poland.
Notes: A new shortstop in  #39;05? Jose Valentin has been the White Sox shortstop for five seasons, but there is no guarantee he will be back in 2005. Valentin, who turns 35 in October and is 
Notes: Crain plays two They may seem like uncharted waters for closer-in-waiting Jesse Crain, but two-inning stints are all part of the master plan for the rookie reliever.
Heart Disease Should Not Come As A Surprise Bill Clinton was an active, jogging, jovial time bomb. Like thousands of others, he had no idea how close he was to a heart attack and possibly death - even though he had years of presidential health care and continued checkups.
Dodgers land Ledee for depth The Dodgers made their first acquisition of the offseason Monday, signing reserve outfielder Ricky Ledee to a two-year, \$2.5 million contract.
Atari to Reissue Scores of Old Video Games By ANTHONY BREZNICAN     LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Atari wants to take you back in time, and to get there, you can ride a "Centipede" or an "Asteroid," or bounce back and forth between the pixilated paddles of "Pong."    The video game company told The Associated Press on Tuesday it plans to reissue scores of its classic titles from yesteryear on a single disc that can be played on the game consoles Xbox and PlayStation 2.    "Atari Anthology" will feature 85 games and is scheduled to go on sale in November at a cost of about \$20...
Stocks Climb Higher As Oil Prices Slip Investors cheered by falling oil prices and an improving job picture sent stocks higher Tuesday, hoping that the news signals a renewal of economic strength and a fall rally in stocks.
Rajasthan black gold makes Cairns glitter LONDON: British oil and gas firm Cairn Energy is on the verge of entering the elite group of blue-chip companies (FTSE-100). It #39;s saluting its Rajasthan reserves of oil for rising fortunes.
Troubled Intel places bet on a new breed of chip SAN FRANCISCO The president of Intel, Paul Otellini, outlined plans Tuesday for computer chips due next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games as he seeks to allay concerns about product delays.
Lexmark Printers Pose Shock Hazard About 39,400 laser printers made by Lexmark International may pose an electrical shock hazard, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission warned this week.
Cape Canaveral: KSC employees told to report to work Monday unless &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CAPE CANAVERAL - Unless specifically called in, Kennedy Space Center workers should stay home until Monday, NASA and shuttle contractor United Space Alliance said today.
Tellabs Scales Back Price of AFC Deal Tellabs Inc., a maker of fiber-optic network equipment, on Tuesday lowered the terms of a deal to buy Advanced Fibre Communications Inc.
California to sue Diebold over voting machine-related fraud California #39;s Attorney General Bill Lockyer said today that he is suing Diebold over fraudulent claims he believes that company has made with regards to their electronic voting machines.
Toppled Woods looks ready to rise again Woods no longer holds any of the major championships, while after a record span of 264 weeks Vijay Singh replaced him as No 1 when the Fijian finished first to Woods #39;s share of second place 
Schu #39;s lucky escape WORLD champion driver Michael Schumacher escaped uninjured after a high-speed crash during a testing session in Monza, Italy, yesterday.
Fallon Released on Bail Champion jockey Kieren Fallon was released on bail without charge this morning after he was arrested for alleged involvement in the fixing of British thoroughbred races.
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners JERUSALEM Israel began releasing more than 130 Palestinian prisoners on Tuesday in a move aimed at easing overcrowding in its jails, security officials said.
Milosevic Loses Director Role in His Own Courtroom Drama The ghosts that have long haunted Slobodan Milosevic have finally appeared in court, and they have fundamentally altered the war crimes trial of the former Yugoslav president.
News: Nevadans to become first to use touch-screen voting that produces a paper trail The Associated Press By Rachel Konrad
Yankees Miffed With Way Game Was Postponed (AP) AP - The New York Yankees are annoyed at the commissioner's office over the way their game against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays was postponed.
Images of Beslan hostages add to Russia's agony (AFP) AFP - Horrifying pictures of masked gunmen stepping through pools of blood as they wire a gym crammed with hundreds of terrified children, teachers and parents in the opening hours of the Beslan hostage tragedy were aired by Russian television.
No. 1 Illini Cruise to 78-59 Win The University of Illinois took the Assembly Hall court on Monday night with a number one ranking in the ESPN / USA Today Coaches and AP Polls for the first time since January 23, 1989.
Thousands trapped by China floods as death toll hits 143, 50 more missing (AFP) AFP - The death toll from floods and landslides unleashed by ferocious storms lashing southwest China jumped to 143 with at least 50 more missing, state media reported.
Red Sox' New Shortstop Fits Like a Glove Ever since Nomar Garciaparra was traded for Orlando Cabrera, the Boston Red Sox have gone 26-8.
Invesco to Pay \$450 Million to End Inquiry of Fund Trades The Invesco Funds Group and an affiliate, AIM Advisors, agreed on Tuesday to a \$450 million settlement with regulators, who accused the companies of improperly allowing 
Rajasthan oil takes Cairn into FTSE 100 Cairn Energy, the Edinburgh oil and gas group, yesterday became one of Britain #39;s top 100 companies, despite announcing a 40 slump in half-year profits and facing questions over its key oil discovery in India.
Lifetime Magazine Closing he Hearst Corporation and the Walt Disney Company will cease to publish Lifetime magazine amid disappointing results since the publication #39;s introduction in April 2003.
The Midas Touch, With Spin on It hen Donald J. Trump kicks off the second season of his hit reality television show  quot;The Apprentice quot; this Thursday evening, reality may be in short supply.
Music industry warms to downloads The Japanese music industry is making its first steps into the download business, but it has a long way to go before it hits its stride.
Dravid Wins First Cricketer of the Year Award; Flintoff Honored India batsman Rahul Dravid was voted Player of the Year at the International Cricket Council #39;s inaugural awards ceremony in London after averaging 62 runs an innings for the national team.
A Sport Salutes Its Jackie Robinson It is impossible for young tennis players today to know what it was like to be Althea Gibson and not to be able to  quot;walk in the front door, quot; Garrison said.
NBA: Hoop dreams The NBA and Yuta Tabuse are no strangers-but they just got a bit cozier. After attending training camp and playing in three preseason games for the Denver Nuggets last season, the 
Dollar Firms Ahead of Greenspan Testimony  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar firmed on Wednesday as  investors awaited comments from the Federal Reserve chief that  are expected to point to further rises in U.S. interest rates  this year.
OPEC May Decide Oil Price Target in Sept.  SYDNEY (Reuters) - OPEC may set a new target range for oil  prices next week and would like to see crude down from current  lofty levels closer to \$30 a barrel, the head of the producers'  cartel said on Wednesday.
BA to Sell \$773 Million Qantas Stake  SYDNEY (Reuters) - British Airways Plc. plans to sell its  A\$1.12 billion (\$773 million) stake in Australia's Qantas  Airways Ltd. in the next two days to cut debt and take  advantage of future consolidation in Europe.
Serena Blasts Umpire After Dramatic Defeat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bitter, angry, upset and cheated were  a few of the words Serena Williams used to describe her  feelings after a controversial quarter-final defeat by fellow  American Jennifer Capriati at the U.S. Open on Tuesday.
AL Wrap: Yankees Rout Devil Rays, Twins Eclipse Orioles  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gary Sheffield produced four hits and  Alex Rodriguez drove in three runs to inspire the New York  Yankees to an 11-2 hammering of the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in the  American League Tuesday.
Capriati Edges Serena in Titanic Quarter-Final  By Simon Cambers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jennifer Capriati won a titanic struggle  with old foe Serena Williams to reach the semi-finals of the  U.S. Open, going through 2-6, 6-4, 6-4 Tuesday after one of the  most dramatic battles in the tournament's history.
YUKOS Denies Plans to Sell Refinery  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major YUKOS denied on  Wednesday reports it planned to sell its Lithuanian refinery  Mazeikiu Nafta to help cover its huge back tax bill.
Proposed Program Would Remodel Foreign Aid (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell calls it the most promising development in foreign assistance in decades. That is quite a claim for a program that has yet to disburse its first dollar. But it is clear that President Bush's Millennium Challenge Account, first proposed 2 1/2 years ago, represents a fresh approach to helping countries overcome economic backwardness.
Players, Team Owners Facing Long Contract Talks  TORONTO (Reuters) - National Hockey League team owners and  players appear poised to enter long contract negotiations  Thursday in a last-ditch bid to start the season on schedule.
INTERVIEW: BA Hires Citigroup For Qantas Share Sale SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--British Airways Plc (BAB) Wednesday confirmed that investment bank Citigroup Inc. (C) will handle the sale of its 18.
Report: BBC eyes commercial sale LONDON, England -- The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) has invited media giants Time Warner, Bertelsmann and Walt Disney to discuss possible bids for its commercial sales and publishing arm, the Financial Times reported on Wednesday.
Paying for a Storm That Passed in 1992 Florida homeowners are facing higher deductibles put in place to induce insurers to keep offering coverage there in the wake of  Hurricane Andrew more than a decade ago.
Former Banker Quattrone Faces Sentencing Frank Quattrone, a former star investment banker who once earned \$120 million in a year, will be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal investigation into some 
Update 1: Philippine Shares End Up 3.4 Percent Philippine shares closed up sharply Wednesday, hitting its highest close in nearly 53 months, on heavy foreign buying inspired by improving investor sentiment toward the country.
CBS Consolidates Network, TV Studio Arms Viacom Inc. has reshuffled its executive ranks, placings its Paramount television production under the control of CBS Entertainment President Nancy Tellem.
Commentary: Hurricanes, Clinton and the campaign HEMPSTEAD, NY (CBS.MW) -- With Election Day now less than two months away, the campaign for the presidency has been rocked by several unexpected developments.
Loonie soars on expected rates hike A combination of robust economic performance and the expectation of higher interest rates sent the Canadian dollar surging this morning.
American beefs up Dallas/Fort Worth service NEW YORK (DowJonesAP) - AMR Corp. announced Friday it will boost its presence at its hub in Dallas-Fort Worth by 10, days before rival Delta Air Lines Inc.
Circuit City sales increase Sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.9 percent at Circuit City Stores Inc. in the fiscal second quarter. The results, also called same-store sales, were lower than Wall Street estimates for the June-through-August period.
Oilsands transportation study calls for \$2.6 B road and rail &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CALGARY (CP) - A plan to build a new rail line to haul heavy equipment and supplies up to the oilsands in northern Alberta has  quot;substantial merit, quot; according to a study commissioned by the provincial government and the energy industry.
Lawmakers Introduce Sept. 11 Legislation (AP) AP - Sept. 11 commission members thought it would be too difficult to break up the CIA and rearrange the Pentagon's spy agencies under a single national intelligence director, as is being proposed in the Senate, the commission's vice chairman says.
FTC Pulls Plug on Infomercial Giant The FTC has banned well-known TV infomercial host Kevin Trudeau from peddling a myriad of health care products claiming to cure everything from old age to lupus, the first such prohibition ever imposed by the agency.
Nokia Adds Blackberry Software To Series 80 Devices Nokia announced plans to preload Blackberry software in its Nokia Series 80-based mobile devices, including the Nokia 9500 Communicator.
Bankruptcy Firm Hired By Airline With its labor negotiations faltering, US Airways Group Inc. has begun consultations with bankruptcy advisers in anticipation of a filing, a source familiar with the talks said Tuesday.
Intel Demonstrates New Chips Intel Corp. President Paul S. Otellini yesterday demonstrated new chips scheduled for release next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games 
Hollywood to Help NASA Catch Space Probe na meeting of the cinematic with the scientific, Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots will try to snatch a returning NASA space probe out of the air this morning before it hits the ground.
Spaceport Repairs Could Delay Flight Hurricane Frances battered the Kennedy Space Center, a top NASA official said Tuesday, blowing gaping holes in the Vehicle Assembly Building and ripping open the 
NETFLIX, TIVO HOOKUP CLOSE Netflix and TiVo are in late-stage talks on a partnership that would let subscribers use the Internet to download Netflix movies directly into their TiVo box, The Post has learned.
Lexmark recalls 39,000 printers Lexmark has ordered the recall of more than 39,000 Dell, IBM and Lexmark branded laser printers due to short-circuiting problems that could lead to electrical shocks.
California AG joins lawsuit suit against voting companies UNDATED California Attorney General Bill Lockyer has joined a lawsuit against voting equipment company Diebold. It alleges the company sold the state shoddy hardware and software, exposing elections to hackers and software bugs.
Smart Phone Market Growing More Crowded The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled 
Sony unveils HDV camcorder Sony Corp. will begin selling its first high-definition video camcorder in Japan on Oct. 15, and worldwide by the end of the year, the company said in an announcement Tuesday.
Verizon launching upgrade of broadband Net service Verizon Communications is boosting its broadband Internet offerings in an effort to lure customers from cable TV companies like Comcast Corp.
Microsoft turns attention to customer satisfaction When Microsoft Corp. raised prices for the Texas Association of Counties three years ago, no one from the company called to explain the increase, says Steve White, the group #39;s information technology operations manager.
Army to Rebid Part of Iraq Contract Following questions about performance of Halliburton subsidiary, the U.S. Army plans to rebid portions of a giant logistical contract with the company for food, housing and other troop support in Iraq.
Hurricane Ivan Devastates Isle of Grenada (Reuters) Reuters - Powerful and\strengthening Hurricane Ivan killed at least three people in\Grenada and devastated its capital, St. Georges, as it pounded\the tiny islands of the southeastern Caribbean on Tuesday.
Vijay Singh revels in top spot Sep 08 - Vijay Singh revelled in his status as the new world number one after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship by three shots in Boston on Monday.
World Cup of Hockey: US beats Russia 5-3 The United States hit its stride just in time to avoid elimination from the World Cup of Hockey. Facing the same Russian team that dominated them five nights earlier 
Bonds moves closer to 700th career HR Barry Bonds hit career home run No. 698 and eclipsed the 40-homer mark for the fifth straight season with a two-run shot in the San Francisco Giants #39; loss to the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night.
Beltran leaves after triple, homer due to elbow bruise Beating the Cincinnati Reds for the 11th time in his career was only the second-best thing that #39;s happened to Roy Oswalt in the last two days.
Beard leads Mystics past Monarchs in overtime Rookie Alana Beard has looked like a seasoned veteran ever since the Washington Mystics put teammate Chamique Holdsclaw on the injured list.
Sporting News picks Tomlinson over Manning as NFL #39;s best player ST. LOUIS - Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson was selected the best player in the NFL by the Sporting News, ahead of reigning co-MVP Peyton Manning of the Indianapolis Colts.
Halliburton may ditch Iraq deal Halliburton may not rebid for contracts to support US troops in Iraq if the US army breaks up its contract, the company says.
U.S. Iraq Death Toll Hits 1,000, Two Italians Seized  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. military death toll in Iraq  reached 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after the invasion to  topple Saddam Hussein, making its mark on the U.S. presidential  election campaign.
130,000 in Moscow protest terrorism after deadly siege Tens of thousands of people rallied Tuesday outside the Kremlin in a show of solidarity against terrorism. The demonstration came nearly a week after more than 350 people, many 
10 dead as typhoon pummels western Japan TOKYO - A typhoon pounded western Japan, killing 10 people, leaving several others missing and knocking out power to more than a million households.
Anwar makes  #39;amazing #39; recovery The newly released former deputy of Malaysia, Anwar Ibrahim, has made an  quot;amazing quot; recovery from back surgery, according to his doctor in Germany.
TV airs inside video of school MOSCOW: A Russian television network Tuesday broadcast footage from the school raided by militants last week depicting hooded attackers in a gymnasium crowded with hostages and strung up with explosives attached to wires.
Iran Acknowledges Talks on Renewed Nuclear Freeze  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran's chief nuclear negotiator  acknowledged on Wednesday that Tehran was in talks to renew its  freeze of some sensitive nuclear activities.
Malaysia battle 2nd flu outbreak Two people were under hospital observation in northern Malaysia with flu-like symptoms yesterday as the country fought to contain the second case of deadly bird flu in two weeks.
Taiwanese should not fear Beijing leaders #39; lies During the Chinese Communist Party #39;s Central Committee plenary meeting this month we can expect to witness a power struggle between President Hu Jintao (  ) and Central 
Top-10 Williams sisters controversies After several missed calls by the line judge and chair umpire in Tuesday #39;s Jennifer Capriati-Serena Williams match that went against Williams, ESPN Research has compiled the top-10 controversies involving Serena and Venus Williams.
Talking with ... Tiger Woods, PGA Tour Tiger Woods finished second at the Deutsche Bank Championship on Monday in Norton, Mass., and lost his No. 1 spot in the world rankings to tournament winner Vijay Singh.
ICC Awards ceremony to be held in London tonight The Indian cricket team and cricket fans are anxiously awaiting the ICC Awards ceremony to be held at London #39;s Alexandra Palace on Tuesday.
For Pirates #39; Williams, Wait Ends Pirates 2, Brewers 0 PITTSBURGH, Sept. 7 -- Dave Williams pitched 6 1/3 shutout innings for his first victory in nearly three seasons and Jason Bay homered, leading the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Milwaukee Brewers, 2-0, on Tuesday night.
Applause greets Tivo/Netflix tale Consumers could browse through Netflix #39; huge catalog of movies, then download everything but the popcorn into their TiVo digital recording device for immediate viewing.
Intel discloses WiMAX plans Underlining its WiMAX ambitions, world number one chipmaker Intel has disclosed technical details of its upcoming wireless broadband chip.
Japan Court Issues Injunction on Fischer Deportation  TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese court granted an injunction on  Wednesday barring the deportation of former chess champion  Bobby Fischer, wanted in the United States for breaking  sanctions, until it rules on his lawsuit seeking to cancel the  deportation order entirely, Fischer's lawyer Masako Suzuki  said.
SI.com MIAMI (Ticker) -- There #39;s no need for AJ Burnett to cash in his frequent flyer miles. Burnett allowed two hits in 6 1/3 innings and Miguel Cabrera and Alex Gonzalez homered as the Florida Marlins extended 
SI.com CHICAGO (Ticker) -- Brian Schneider  #39;s RBI single in the 12th snapped a tie as the Montreal Expos held on for a 7-6 victory over the Chicago Cubs .
Small crowd sees Mystics win in OT Hope could arrive for the Washington Mystics tomorrow if three-time WNBA All-Star Chamique Holdsclaw decides she wants to be activated off the injured list.
Hurricane Ivan Devastates Isle of Grenada  PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad (Reuters) - Powerful and  strengthening Hurricane Ivan killed at least three people in  Grenada and devastated its capital, St. Georges, as it pounded  the tiny islands of the southeastern Caribbean on Tuesday.
Chinese Olympians Sing as Beijing Lures HK Voters  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Beijing grabbed Hong Kong headlines  on Wednesday with its Olympians singing and dancing into the  hearts of residents days before legislative elections in which  pro-democracy politicians could make gains over pro-China  rivals.
Anwar #39;s lawyers on attack in bid to clear his name KUALA LUMPUR : Prosecutors fabricated evidence in the corruption trial of former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim, his lawyers charged as they made a final bid to clear his name in Malaysia #39;s highest court on Wednesday.
Amid insecurity, Afghans ready for presidential vote Candidates for president in Afghanistan #39;s first free elections to be held Oct. 9 officially kicked off their campaigns yesterday.
Frances to cost \$3 billion to \$10 billion LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Hurricane Frances, the second hurricane to hit Florida in a month, will cost insurers between \$3 billion and \$10 billion, according to the most recent estimates from the industry #39;s leading catastrophe modeling firms.
US Airways Retains Its Previous Adviser With its labor negotiations faltering, US Airways Group Inc. has begun consultations with bankruptcy advisers in anticipation of a filing, a source familiar with the talks said yesterday.
British Airways selling Qantas stake Australia #39;s Qantas Airways Limited said Wednesday British Airways is selling its 18.25 percent stake in Qantas. Qantas asked the Australian Stock Exchange to stop trading 
Sony debuts HD handycam SONY has released the worlds first high definition handycam for the consumer market - the HDR-FX1. The device, which will be available locally and in the region from mid-November, at an estimated \$US4500 
Thumbs up for Woodward and Jenkins THE WRU last night gave their blessing to Gareth Jenkins joining the British Lions coaching team, as Sir Clive Woodward was confirmed as head coach for next summer #39;s tour of New Zealand.
Noah's Ark plan from Moon man The European Space Agency's chief scientist sets out his vision for a DNA library on the Moon in case of emergency.
Cricket: Dravid top of the world India's Rahul Dravid is named the world's best cricketer at the ICC Awards.
Australias Amcor ousts CEO amid cartel probe Australias Amcor ousts CEO amid cartel probe Amcor, the worlds top maker of plastic bottles, ousted its respected chief executive after finding some staff may have acted illegally to drive up box prices, knocking 8 percent off its shares.
Athabasca railway link cost estimated at \$2.6B EDMONTON -- The idea of a railway linking the Athabasca oilsands to the rest of Alberta  quot;has substantial merit quot; and the project would likely cost \$2.
A Deepening Debate on Soldiers and Their Insurers Some life insurers and their agents say that improper meddling by senior officers is preventing young soldiers from getting supplemental insurance coverage.
Tennis: Capriati wins epic Jennifer Capriati beats fellow American and rival Serena Williams to reach the last four of the US Open.
2 Fund Groups to Pay \$450 Million to End Inquiry The \$450 million settlement is with regulators who accused the companies of improperly allowing favored investors to rapidly trade in and out of their funds.
Church call over Salvador murder Church leaders in El Salvador call for the 1980 murder case of Archbishop Romero to be re-opened. 
US Air Pilots Union Balks at Wage and Benefit Cuts The leader of a rebel pilot group at US Airways charged that the company was demanding too much from employees.
Expected Call for Advance Registration of Drug Tests The debate over the disclosure of clinical drug trials could reach a turning point this week, with editors of influential medical journals expected to call for fundamental changes.
Johnson Said to Be in Talks for Heart Device Maker Johnson   Johnson is in advanced negotiations to acquire Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart illnesses, for more than \$24 billion.
Dieters 'likely to put on weight' A third of people trying to lose weight find they actually end up piling on the pounds, a survey finds.
Sorting Out 'Mess' After examining film of Saturday's game, Maryland coaches pinpointed a series of lapses that Coach Ralph Friedgen summed up as "a mess."
ABC Opts For Delay ABC, trying to avoid anything like Janet Jackson's exposed breast during last season's Super Bowl halftime, will use a 10-second delay in the music show before the NFL season opener.
Jenkins starts new life in Japan \A US soldier who deserted to North Korea four decades ago embarks on a new life with his family in Japan.
U.S. Conceding Rebels Control Regions of Iraq As U.S. deaths in Iraq surpassed 1,000, Pentagon officials said insurgents controlled important parts of central Iraq.
Cheney Warns of Terror Risk if Kerry Wins Vice President Dick Cheney said that the country would be at risk of a terror attack if it made "the wrong choice" in November.
US to vote on intelligence reform The US Congress is ready to vote on sweeping changes to the country's intelligence agencies.
Advocacy Groups And Campaigns: An Uneasy Shuttle The flow of people between the campaigns and advocacy groups is alarming those who fought for tighter campaign finance rules.
To Speed Healing, Ossetians Cling Together A Moscow hospital is filled with a mournful buzz and the activity of people grasping for a way to help six survivors of the three-day hostage-taking at Middle School No. 1.
Red Sox Clobber Athletics 7-1 OAKLAND, Calif. - Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in his return to the Red Sox lineup after missing four games with a jammed right pinkie to start Boston's 7-1 win over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night...
Hurricane Ivan Destroys Homes in Grenada ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Packing ferocious winds, Hurricane Ivan made a direct hit on Grenada Tuesday, blasting apart scores of homes and forcing hundreds of evacuations before growing even stronger as it moved in Jamaica's direction...
Hurricane Ivan Damages Parts of Barbados ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Packing ferocious winds, Hurricane Ivan made a direct hit on Grenada Tuesday, blasting apart scores of homes and forcing hundreds of evacuations before growing even stronger as it moved in Jamaica's direction...
The digital home cometh, says Intel &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; They really mean it this time
Intel goes public with WiMAX plans &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Sampling silicon right now
Intel admits Itanium pains, plots server future &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Welcome Whitefield
Met Office unveils supercomputer The Met Office is celebrating 150 years by unveiling a new supercomputer which they predict will put them at the forefront of weather forecasting.
Before Updating, Wash Your Windows (CBS/AP) Though Microsoft Corp. #39;s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can #39;t do much about what #39;s already on computers - and that could pose a problem.
Hurricane center takes cues from Florida State University Coming ashore south of Fort Pierce on Saturday. Across the peninsula and exiting into the Gulf of Mexico north of New Port Richey on Sunday.
Nokia Shrinks 'Brick' Handset to Tap New Markets  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Nokia, the world's biggest handset  maker, unveiled on Wednesday a miniature version of its  equivalent of the Swiss Army knife it hopes will lure women and  less-techie business people.
RIM Launches BlackBerry with Revamped Keyboard  TORONTO (Reuters) - Research In Motion Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RIM.TO qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt;&lt;RIMM.O&gt;, which popularized wireless e-mailing with its  thumb-operated BlackBerry, launched a new version of the device  on Wednesday with a smaller, revamped keyboard.
Primus Unit to Pay \$400,000 in Do-Not-Call Probe A division of Primus Telecommunications Group Inc. agreed Tuesday to pay \$400,000 to the federal government to settle allegations that the McLean phone provider made telemarketing calls in violation of the national do-not-call registry. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Military toll tops 1,000 US military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 mark yesterday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared 
Beslan: video of tragic scenes aired Russian television has shown a videotape shot by one of the terrorists of the bloody Beslan siege as it unfolded inside the school #39;s gymnasium.
Invesco in \$450 million settlement with SEC Invesco Funds Group and affiliate AIM Advisors say they have agreed to pay \$450 million (250 million pounds) to settle civil lawsuits over improper trading, the third biggest 
Rite Aid lowers financial projections for fiscal 2005 CAMP HILL, Pa. Rite Aid says it #39;s lowering its financial projections for the current fiscal year, citing slowing pharmacy sales and lower-than-expected reimbursement rates paid by insurance companies and other health plans.
Multiple processor chips in Intel plan Intel Corp. President Paul Otellini demonstrated new chips due out next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games as he sought to allay concerns about product delays.
Yahoo Tests Travel Search Engine Yahoo Inc. is launching its first public beta of a travel search engine based on its recent acquisition of online travel company FareChase Inc.
Editorial: Hostage-takers show no mercy If Chechen separatists carrying on a 150-year-old battle against Russia hoped to gain anything by their maniacal siege of a Russian middle school last Wednesday, they were wrong.
China Begins Floods Clean-Up Rain-soaked residents of south-western China began digging out today after floods and landslides that killed at least 161 people, while authorities warned of further rains over parts of the disaster area.
British Airways to sell Qantas stake, expand in Europe LONDON (CBS.MW) -- British Airways (UK:BAY) (BAB) Wednesday said it #39;s planning to sell its 18.25 percent stake in Qantas as it seeks funds to expand in Europe.
New Zealand Finance Minister apologises for interest rate hike &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WELLINGTON : Finance Minister Michael Cullen apologised Wednesday for saying that the Reserve Bank had hiked it #39;s key interest rate.
Red Sox Clobber Athletics 7-1 (AP) AP - Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in his return to the Red Sox lineup after missing four games with a jammed right pinkie to start Boston's 7-1 win over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night.
Former Banker Quattrone Faces Sentencing (Reuters) Reuters - Frank Quattrone, a former star\investment banker who once earned  #36;120 million in a year, will\be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal\investigation into some of the most popular stock offerings of\the 1990s.
Rockies Edge Giants; Bonds Hits No. 698 (AP) AP - Jeromy Burnitz hit a tiebreaking two-run homer in the eighth inning to overshadow Barry Bonds' 698th homer and lift the Colorado Rockies to an 8-7 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night.
RIM Launches BlackBerry with Revamped Keyboard (Reuters) Reuters - Research In Motion Ltd.\, which popularized wireless e-mailing with its\thumb-operated BlackBerry, launched a new version of the device\on Wednesday with a smaller, revamped keyboard.
Matsushita Unveils DVD Recorders, Eyes Higher Share (Reuters) Reuters - Panasonic brand products maker Matsushita\Electric Industrial unveiled five new DVD recorders on\Wednesday and said it was aiming to boost its share of the\domestic market to over 40 percent from around 35 percent.
Yankees Paddle Devil Rays 11-2 (AP) AP - Alex Rodriguez and Hideki Matsui each hit two-run doubles, and Jon Lieber struck out a season-high nine to lead the New York Yankees past the slumping Tampa Bay Devil Rays 11-2 on Tuesday night.
Sharon Demands Syria Curb Militants Before Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying\it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its\control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.
Tiger may roar now that he #39;s not No. 1 We all saw it coming. For months now, the fight for golf #39;s No. 1 ranking had been staged in PGA Tour battles far and wide. While one man slowly chipped away at what once seemed to be an insurmountable lead 
Burnitz HR, not Bonds, steals show Jeromy Burnitz hit a tiebreaking, two-run homer in the eighth inning to overshadow Barry Bonds #39; 698th homer and lift the Colorado Rockies to an 8-7 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night.
Woodward dedictated to Lions Sir Clive Woodward has underlined his  quot;complete focus quot; on next summer #39;s tour to New Zealand after Lions chiefs gave him their total backing as head coach.
Kindred: Forfeit request from Yankees  #39;ill #39; conceived With an unparalleled history of success, vast resources, an exorbitant payroll and a smug, quick-tempered owner, the New York Yankees have long been a  quot;love-hate quot; franchise.
Astros continue winning run The Houston Astros claimed their 11th straight win, thanks to a 9-7 success over the Cincinnati Reds. Mark Lamb and Carlos Beltran both homered while Roy Oswalt won for the 17th time this season as the Astros 
Cowboys' Testaverde Feels Pregame Jitters (AP) AP - Vinny Testaverde is getting ready for his 18th NFL opener, so he definitely knows what to expect. Pregame jitters. And lots of them.
BlackBerry phone rings all the right notes In the beginning, there was BlackBerry. A delicious fruit, yes, but also a clever way to get your e-mail on a pager-like device. Then there was BlackBerry: a clever way to get your 
Invesco, AIM Advisors Settle for  #36;375M (AP) AP - Invesco Funds Group and its sister company will pay more than  #36;450 million in penalties, restitution and lowered fees to settle allegations they allowed wealthy investors to trade their mutual funds improperly.
Colombian Soldiers Charged in Killings (AP) AP - Colombia's vice president acknowledged he was wrong for suggesting that three slain union leaders were tied to Colombia's rebels, after prosecutors rejected the army's version of events and charged three soldiers in the killings.
World Cup of Hockey: U.S. Beats Russia 5-3 (AP) AP - The United States hit its stride just in time to avoid elimination from the World Cup of Hockey. Facing the same Russian team that dominated them five nights earlier, the Americans got four goals and an assist from Keith Tkachuk in a 5-3 quarterfinal victory Tuesday night.
Smart Phone Market Growing More Crowded (AP) AP - The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a Nokia phone-organizer for mobile business professionals.
African poverty summit to open with focus on creating jobs (AFP) AFP - Heads of state from some two dozen African states were to gather to craft a jobs creation plan that would lift hundreds of millions out of poverty and advance development on the world's poorest continent.
Baghdad slum alive with bombs BAGHDAD - Iraqi Shiite militiamen were planting bombs in the street of a Baghdad slum amid echoing machine gun fire yesterday, as angry foot soldiers of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr cursed the Iraqi government and US  quot;occupiers quot; after deadly fighting 
Wave machine Hurricane Ivan produces Caribbean swell Surfersvillage Global Surf News, 08 September 2004: - - Hurricane Ivan pounded the islands of the southeastern Caribbean yesterday.
Texas Still Upset by Arkansas Celebration (AP) AP - Texas still remembers Arkansas' players prancing all over the field, waving their state flag in the end zone and digging up pieces of the turf after the Razorbacks beat the Longhorns 38-28 last season.
Roddick Wins in Straight Sets Over Robredo (AP) AP - Andy Roddick has yet to face a challenge in his U.S. Open title defense. He beat No. 18 Tommy Robredo of Spain 6-3, 6-2, 6-4 Tuesday night to move into the quarterfinals without having lost a set.
Calif. Joins Electronic Voting Lawsuit (AP) AP - California Attorney General Bill Lockyer joined a lawsuit Tuesday alleging that voting equipment company Diebold Inc. sold the state shoddy hardware and software, exposing elections to hackers and software bugs.
Revenue Canada workers set to begin hitting picket lines Wednesday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - More than 20,000 Revenue Canada employees were poised to begin rotating strikes Wednesday after wage talks with the government collapsed.
Dell Opens Support Center in China (AP) AP - Dell Inc. says it opened a new support center this week in Xiamen, China, for business customers who buy servers and storage equipment.
Gay Republican Group Won't Endorse Bush -NY Times (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders of the largest group for gay\men and lesbians in the Republican Party voted overwhelmingly\against endorsing President Bush for re-election because he\favors a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage,\The New York Times said on Wednesday.
Bomb Blows Up in Gaza, Israeli Casualties -Sources  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants detonated a bomb  Tuesday near an Israeli army base in the central Gaza Strip,  causing several Israeli casualties, Palestinian and Israeli  security sources said.
RIM Launches BlackBerry with Revamped Keyboard Research In Motion Ltd. (RIM.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (RIMM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , which popularized wireless e-mailing with its thumb-operated BlackBerry 
Softbank Protests 3G Service Bandwidth Allocation Softbank, which acquired Japan Telecom this summer, today complained that its plan to offer mobile phone service could be thwarted by the government #39;s refusal to provide the necessary bandwidth.
Bonds slugs No. 698 His clubhouse cluttered with the rookies, his team no longer a factor in the standings, Rockies manager Clint Hurdle found himself in a familiar position Tuesday afternoon - talking about the opposition.
Emphasis points to Pats  quot;Dont you guys ever get tired of that angle? quot; asked Patriots tight end Christian Fauria when approached about the NFLs declaration during the offseason that its officials will call illegal contact and defensive holding in the passing game more 
Paying for a Storm That Passed in 1992 Today, as Florida homeowners continue with the cleanup from their second big hurricane in less than a month, they are finding that they are bearing a greater share of the cost themselves than they would have in the past.
OPEC May Decide Oil Price Target in Sept. OPEC may set a new target range for oil prices next week and would like to see crude down from current lofty levels closer to \$30 a barrel, the head of the producers #39; cartel said on Wednesday.
YUKOS Denies Plans to Sell Refinery Russian oil major YUKOS denied on Wednesday reports it planned to sell its Lithuanian refinery Mazeikiu Nafta to help cover its huge back tax bill.
Finance minister appears to tip his hand on Reserve Bank rate hike New Zealand Finance Minister Michael Cullen seemed to suffer a slip of the tongue in Parliament on Wednesday, announcing an interest rate hike by the country #39;s Reserve Bank a day early.
Retail Briefs CINCINNATI - Federated Department Stores Inc., the owner of Macy #39;s and Bloomingdale #39;s, said third-quarter profit may be reduced by as much as 4 cents a share after Hurricane Frances forced stores to close and kept shoppers away.
Seagate Raises Revenue Forecast &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Seagate Technology &lt;STX.N&gt;, the topU.S. maker of hard drives used to store data in computers, onTuesday forecast quarterly revenue above Wall Street estimateson strong demand for storage for larger business computers.&lt;/p&gt;
Falling oil prices fuel increase in stocks Investors cheered by falling oil prices sent stocks higher yesterday, hoping the news signals a renewal of economic strength and an autumn rally.
Oilsands rail touted Benefits from a not-for-profit \$2.6-billion rail link between Nisku, south of Edmonton, and Alberta #39;s oilsands include lower transport costs, greater safety and less 
Nanogen to buy Bothell biotech Epoch Biosciences, a small Bothell company that makes tools to speed up genetic analysis, said yesterday it has agreed to be sold to San Diego-based Nanogen for about \$60 million in stock.
Space Capsule Heading Back to Earth DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah Sept. 8, 2004 - A space capsule holding atoms collected from solar wind was en route to a tricky rendezvous with Earth, offering scientists the first material NASA has brought back from space in nearly three decades.
Intel Outlines WiMax Plans for Upcoming Rosedale Chip  quot;High-speed DSL and cable broadband access are only available to a fraction of computer users globally, quot; said Scott Richardson, general manager of Intel #39;s Broadband Wireless Group.
Verizon Launches New DSL Service September 07, 2004 - NEW YORK - Verizon Online continues creating the best value in broadband by introducing a new DSL (digital subscriber line) speed option for consumers and businesses.
Yahoo gets Travel Savvy Yahoo has said that it would soon begin testing a search engine called FareChase that allows travel shoppers to compare prices. The site, available to the general public since late Tuesday is meant to help 
Samsung to Launch Phone with Mini Hard Drive Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., the world #39;s third-largest handset maker, said on Tuesday it was launching the first mobile phone with a stamp-sized hard disc drive this month that would expand the memory capacity by 15 times.
He #39;s Barry close Colorado Rockies manager Clint Hurdle would like to see San Francisco Giants left fielder Barry Bonds swing the bat.  quot;For me, he #39;s the most phenomenal offensive player I #39;ve ever seen,.
ROBBO: I #39;LL ELECTRIFY ENGLAND ANDY ROBINSON, the man who would be king, has pledged to put the  quot;spark and buzz quot; back into England #39;s misfiring rugby union team.
Tkachuk awakens, puts Russians on ice Keith Tkachuk might consider getting a few extra zzzzzz #39;s come Friday, before Team USA hits the ice for the morning skate. Energy Center in time to skate with his teammates.
Athletics not worth the price Big-time college athletic departments who assert that their teams #39; success leads to increased alumni donations and a better applicant pool have created an  quot;arms 
Russian school attack offers difficult lessons to learn President Bush was quick to express solidarity with the Russian people last week after the terrorist attack on a Russian school that left more than 330 dead.
Infocus: Metasploit Framework, Part 2 Newly updated. This article provides insight into the Metasploit Framework, a very useful tool for the penetration tester. Part two of three.
Hollywood to Help NASA Catch Space Probe In a meeting of the cinematic with the scientific, Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots will try to snatch a returning NASA space probe out of the air before it hits the ground.
Filmmakers Examining the 'What Ifs' of Nuclear Power Documentaries on the effects on children of the Chernobyl nuclear accident and the Indian Point power plant will be broadcast back-to-back by HBO.
Information, Please: Wine Goes Digital As with so many other businesses, wine stores are turning to computers to help keep track of new varietals and vintages.
Ars Electronica Asks What Will Be Next This year's Ars Electronica festival in Linz, Austria, chose to explore the next 25 years of media art while including a smattering of its greatest hits.
Ground Zero, the Long View The main attraction at the Project Rebirth Web site is the time-lapse photography capturing the rebuilding at ground zero.
The Cellphone That Doesn't Work at the Hotel A theory is gaining traction among frequent travelers that hotels are intentionally blocking their cellphone signals.
Asian Stocks Lower, Greenspan Awaited (Reuters) Reuters - Asian stocks edged lower on Wednesday\as profit taking set in after two days of gains and the dollar\firmed ahead of comments from Fed chief Alan Greenspan that are\expected to cement the case for further U.S. rate rises.
Russia Offers  #36;10 Million for Chechen Rebels -Agencies (Reuters) Reuters - The Russia government has offered a  #36;10\million reward for information to help it hunt down Chechen\rebel leaders Shamil Basayev and Aslan Maskhadov, accused by\Moscow of being behind last week's school siege, news agencies\reported on Wednesday.
U.S. Army Soldier in New Round of Hearings (AP) AP - A U.S. Army tank company commander accused of murdering a man in Iraq went before a military court Wednesday for a fresh round of hearings to determine whether he should be court-martialed.
Afghans lionise Masood on anniversary of his death (Reuters) Reuters - More than 20,000 Afghans gathered in Kabul on Wednesday to remember Northern Alliance military commander Ahmad Shah Masood, slain by al Qaeda operatives two days before the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.
Oil Tip-Toes Higher, Watches Stocks, OPEC  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices edged higher for the  second day in a row on Tuesday amid calls within OPEC to crack  down on excess output at this week's meeting.
Israeli Forces Seize Control of Parts of North Gaza  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces seized control of parts of  the northern Gaza Strip on Wednesday, a day after soldiers  killed 14 Hamas fighters in the deadliest strike against the  leading Palestinian militant group.
Russia Offers \$10 Million for Chechen Rebels -Agencies  MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russia government has offered a \$10  million reward for information to help it hunt down Chechen  rebel leaders Shamil Basayev and Aslan Maskhadov, accused by  Moscow of being behind last week's school siege, news agencies  reported on Wednesday.
Oswalt, Astros on a roll Roy Oswalt became the National League's first 17-game winner and the Astros extended their winning streak to 11 games with a 9-7 victory over the Cincinnati Reds last night in Houston.
NL notables San Francisco's Barry Bonds eclipsed the 40-homer mark for the fifth straight season. Rick Ankiel , whose career was derailed by wild pitches and elbow surgery, made his first appearance for St. Louis in more than three years. He allowed one hit in a scoreless inning in relief.
Schilling pitches for mates Don't get Curt Schilling wrong. It's hard for him to imagine playing next year without any of the teammates who have helped to make this season special. But Schilling dreads returning next year without two players in particular: Pedro Martinez and Jason Varitek .
Yankees double their fun Alex Rodriguez and Hideki Matsui each hit two-run doubles, and Jon Lieber struck out a season-high nine to lead the Yankees past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, 11-2, last night in New York.
Staley, not Bettis, handed the ball in Pittsburgh Coach Bill Cowher finally confirmed yesterday the Pittsburgh Steelers' worst-kept secret: Duce Staley is in at running back and Jerome Bettis is out again.
Tkachuk's 4 goals lift US Keith Tkachuk had four goals and an assist, leading the United States into the World Cup of Hockey semifinals with a 5-3 victory over Russia last night at St. Paul.
Athletics not worth the price Big-time college athletic departments who assert that their teams' success leads to increased alumni donations and a better applicant pool have created an  quot;arms race quot; for athletic supremacy when funds could be better spent elsewhere on campus, according to a study by the Knight Foundation Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics.
ESPN going to college for its new channel To celebrate its 25th anniversary, ESPN announced yesterday it will be sending yet another all-sports channel your way (its seventh, if you're counting), this one dedicated to college sports.
Bank of memories Certainly, the head-to-head duel between Vijay Singh and Tiger Woods in Monday's final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston was the storyline that everyone would have asked for at the start of the tournament.
Bounty offered for Chechen rebels Russia says it will pay \$10m for information leading to the arrest of two senior Chechen rebel leaders following the Beslan siege.
Court stops Fischer deportation Former world chess champion Bobby Fischer wins a court order delaying his deportation from Japan.
Pakistan win toss and elect to bat against Australia (AFP) AFP - Pakistan won the toss and elected to bat first in a one-day tour match against a Cricket Australia Chairman's XI at Perth's Lilac Hill ground here.
Chiofaro files plan to skirt takeover International Place developer Donald J. Chiofaro said yesterday a new partner will put a quarter of a billion dollars into his two downtown towers, a financial rescue that would reduce his ownership share considerably but stave off an impending takeover by his current lender.
Mass. tech developer to be sold for \$163m Defense technology developer Foster-Miller Inc. of Waltham says it will be acquired for \$163 million by Britain's QinetiQ Group PLC, a public-private partnership with the United Kingdom Ministry of Defense.
Firms to post drug data Faced with a growing clamor for better disclosure, drug manufacturers said yesterday that they will begin a voluntary system of publicly posting the results of clinical trials -- both positive and negative.
Oil falls as OPEC sees rise in supply WASHINGTON -- Oil prices fell yesterday as OPEC's president said supplies were growing faster than demand and traders breathed easier knowing that petroleum production in the Gulf of Mexico did not suffer as a result of Hurricane Frances.
Lawyers predict Quattrone could get tough penalty in his sentencing today Former high-flying investment banker Frank P. Quattrone is about to find out just how unlucky he is.
Stent maker's rating is raised Standard  amp; Poor's raised its outlook on Boston Scientific Corp. to positive from stable, citing its recovery of market share for its drug-coated Taxus cardiac stent after recalls that began in July. The debt rating agency said the upgrade reflects the Natick company's  quot;surprisingly rapid recovery quot; of market share for Taxus, and its diverse product line. Last week, Boston Scientific ...
Sports Depot makes a strategic play Anticipating Harvard University's expansion in Allston, the owner of the Sports Depot pub-style restaurant last week bought longtime neighbor Able Rug's real estate -- a 19th-century slap-dash warehouse-style building and a parking lot -- for \$1.25 million.
Pension fund official joins Lee firm Gregory A. White, one of Governor Mitt Romney's two representatives on the state pension board, has joined Thomas H. Lee Co., a leveraged buyout firm in Boston that does business with the \$32.5 billion retirement fund for Commonwealth employees.
Moscow terror protest draws throng MOSCOW -- Tens of thousands of people answered a government call and rallied outside the Kremlin yesterday in a show of solidarity against terrorism, nearly a week after militants seized a school in southern Russia in a standoff that claimed more than 350 lives, many of them children.
Hurricane buffets eastern Caribbean isles PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad -- Hurricane Ivan tore down trees, blew off roofs, knocked out power, and forced hundreds of people to evacuate coastal areas as it pounded the tiny islands of the southeastern Caribbean yesterday.
Gallaher profits up despite tough Europe Gallaher #39;s profits rose 4.4 percent in the first half as its improved prospects in Britain offset worsening trading conditions in continental Europe, the tobacco company says.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Close Lower, Dollar Down Tokyo stocks fell Wednesday in the absence of market-moving news at home. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed down 19.
Lexmark recalling printers A recall of 39,400 laser printers made by Lexmark International Inc. and sold by Lexmark, IBM and Dell Inc. is due to a potential electrical shock hazard, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said yesterday.
USA 5, RUSSIA 3: Minor miracle -- Tkachuk #39;s four goals carry USA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Someone wearing an old Soviet sweater sat in Section 215, and a big, white banner stretched across his entire row. In red letters, it said:  quot;MIRACLE IS OVER.
Expo #39;s Kim Can #39;t End Win Drought Another good start by Kim Sun-woo went to waste as the Montreal Expos frittered away a two-run lead in the seventh inning before finally beating the Chicago Cubs 7-6 in 12 innings in Tuesdays MLB game in Chicago.
Chilling video shows plight of hostages In the hours before many would die, the children and adults of Beslan #39;s School No. 1 were forced to sit and watch their masked hostage-takers wire up the floor and walls around them with bombs.
Italian women kidnapped in raid on relief agency BAGHDADGunmen kidnapped two Italian women working for an aid agency and two Iraqis in broad daylight in central Baghdad yesterday.
Death toll from China floods reaches 161 At least 161 people have died in China as the country battles the worst flooding in a century. Villages downstream on the Yangtze River are braced for further deluges and water levels are expected to peak 
Brit soldier charged British authorities have, for the first time, charged a soldier with murder in the death of a civilian in Iraq. The man was indicted yesterday in a civilian court after his commanding officer blocked a court martial.
Israel #39;s eyes in sky #39; plummets into sea JERUSALEMIt was one of the most expensive sets of eyes Israel has ever produced, and today it was to begin watching Iran like a high-resolution hawk from the lofty vantage of 260 kilometres skyward.
Gibbs Has Redskins Looking Back to the Future (Reuters) Reuters - When Joe Gibbs last coached in\the NFL in the 1992 season there were no teams in Jacksonville\or Carolina.
US Economy's 'Soft Patch' to Linger -UCLA  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The U.S. economy will linger  through a "soft patch" for the foreseeable future and a  pullback in consumer spending could trigger a recession within  the next two years, according to a widely watched forecast  issued on Wednesday.
Bomb Blows Up in Gaza, Israeli Casualties -Sources (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian militants detonated a bomb\Tuesday near an Israeli army base in the central Gaza Strip,\causing several Israeli casualties, Palestinian and Israeli\security sources said.
Philippines Rescuers Battle Devastating Floods Relief workers battled rain and choppy seas today to deliver food and medicine to the Philippines north-east following devastating back-to-back storms that killed at least 568 people and left hundreds more missing.
Double-team changes game for insurers Charley, Frances and the specter of Ivan wreak havoc on industry assumptions. One, sure, but two? Three? By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
Honda planning to build new Acura SUV in Ohio Honda Motor Co. announced plans Tuesday to manufacture a small SUV under its Acura brand at one of its Ohio assembly plants. Honda President and CEO Takeo Fukui made the announcement in a 
PBS Rides Off with  #39;Noddy #39; Deal PBS has signed a deal to broadcast  quot;Make Way for Noddy, quot; the British cartoon series based on the classic children #39;s books by Enid Blyton.
Star Trek universe to go on-line THE BRAINS behind EA Games early efforts at online gaming are to have a crack at building an online Star Trek universe. Perpetual Entertainments Joe Keene and Chris McKibben have negotiated with Viacom 
OpenOSX Debuts New Office OpenOSX today announced Office 1.5 for Mac OS X, an easy-to-use solution for installing, configuring, and using the open source GNOME Office software on Mac OS X. OpenOSX #39;s Office release includes the necessary 
Capriati gets break, victory To beat Serena Williams, it takes an incredible amount of confidence, patience and skill. Tuesday night before an announced crowd of 19,932 at Arthur Ashe Stadium 
Family first for Piniella The manager is adamant the Rays did right staying home through Frances as the Yanks withdraw a request for a forfeit. By DAMIAN CRISTODERO, Times Staff Writer.
Dolphins #39; starter job seems week-to-week And if you don #39;t understand the importance of this week, look closely at the words used by coach Dave Wannstedt and General Manager Rick Spielman on Tuesday.
Bounty offered for Chechen rebels Russia will pay 300m roubles (\$10 m) for information leading to the arrest of Chechen rebel leaders Aslan Maskhadov and Shamil Basayev.
US to fully back Pak chase to catch Bin Laden The US has said it will fully back any action that Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf takes to capture Osama bin Laden. State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said this at his daily press briefing on 
Gallaher 1st-Half Net Rises 31 on Eastern Europe (Update1) Gallaher Group Plc, the UK maker of Benson  amp; Hedges and Silk Cut cigarettes, said first-half profit rose 31 percent as the company sold more tobacco in Eastern Europe.
Philippine Shares Higher Early; Mkt Eyes 1700 Resistance MANILA (Dow Jones)--Philippine shares are sharply higher early Wednesday on a technical rally, as the market sets its sights on testing the 1700 psychological resistance.
London Stock Exchange eyes Asia HQ The London Stock Exchange plans to set up an Asia headquarters in Hong Kong to tap the growing number of mainland corporates eyeing listings abroad, a local newspaper reports.
Film Stuntmen Aim for Space Snatch-and-Grab A space capsule holding atoms collected from solar wind was en route to a tricky rendezvous with Earth today, offering scientists the first material Nasa has brought back from space in nearly three decades.
Verizon Gives Speed Boost To DSL Verizon has announced an upgrade to its DSL service in 12 states, providing a maximum download speed of 3Mbps and up to 768Kbps of upload speed.
- Anthony J. Causi September 8, 2004 -- The Yankees are expected to send Major League Baseball a bill for between \$2 and \$3 million in an effort to recoup the money lost when the first game of Monday #39;s doubleheader was canceled because the Devil Rays didn #39;t make it out of 
Tigers pull out 7-3 win in mistake-filled game The Detroit Tigers were rusty on Monday after two days off, but they didn #39;t make as many miscues as their opponents. Therefore, the Tigers defeated the Kansas City Royals 7-3.
Powell spoke to Singh, Kasuri ahead of talks US Secretary of State Colin Powell on Monday said he had spoken to both Indian Foreign Minister K Natwar Singh and his Pakistani counterpart Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri late last week before the two met in New Delhi this week for talks.
IMF Sees Robust U.S. Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Robust U.S. economic growth will\likely continue into 2005, but authorities should cut the\budget deficit to reduce the risk to growth, International\Monetary Fund Managing Director Rodrigo Rato said.
Belarus' President Announces Referendum (AP) AP - Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko announced a referendum asking voters to remove term limits so he can seek five more years in office, a change that will almost certainly isolate him even more from foreign governments that have condemned his authoritarian rule.
Ankiel Throws Scoreless Inning for Cards (AP) AP - Rick Ankiel walked off the mound after throwing a scoreless inning and was met with a rousing reception of high-fives and slaps on the back.
AFP Interview: Afghan minister says attacks on NGOs inevitable (AFP) AFP - Attacks on aid organisations in Afghanistan are inevitable, according to a government minister, who said the widespread perception that aid workers were wasting money that should be spent on Afghans was fuelling the violence.
Investors Await Greenspan for Rate Hints  LONDON (Reuters) - Financial markets ticked over ahead of a  key address by U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on  Wednesday, expecting confirmation that interest rates in the  world's leading economy will go on rising at a moderate pace.
Tokyo Stocks End Flat  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks closed little changed on  Wednesday with shares such as Softbank Corp. that will be added  to the Nikkei average in October getting a lift but  profit-taking hitting some small-caps and other recent gainers.
Karzai set to be Afghan president in ring of steel They are two of the most hawkish members of President George W. Bush #39;s cabinet and key architects of. the Washington-backed war that overthrew the Taliban in the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Playing Away Could Suit Europe -Torrance  LONDON (Reuters) - Former Ryder Cup-winning European  captain Sam Torrance believes this year's team will benefit  from defending the trophy on American soil next week.
Russia Offers \$10 Million for Chechen Rebels -Agencies  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia offered a \$10 million reward on  Wednesday for information to help it hunt down Chechen rebel  leaders Shamil Basayev and Aslan Maskhadov, whom it accuses of  being behind last week's deadly school siege.
OPEC may lift oil price target After hovering above \$22 for months, cartel looks to adjust range to \$28 to reflect soaring prices. SYDNEY (Reuters) - OPEC may set a new target range for oil prices next week and would like to see crude down 
IMF Sees Robust US Growth Robust US economic growth will likely continue into 2005, but authorities should cut the budget deficit to reduce the risk to growth, International Monetary Fund Managing Director Rodrigo Rato said.
Singapore Shares End Dn On Pft-Taking;Eucon Weak Debut-2- SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore shares closed slightly lower Wednesday on profit-taking after recent gains, traders said. The benchmark Straits Times Index slipped 2.34 points, or 0.1, to 1959.
Modest Growth Seen for Calif. Economy - UCLA Study California #39;s economy will grow at a modest pace this year in an uneven recovery that will chip away at an unemployment rate projected to remain higher than the national average, according to a closely watched economic forecast 
Heineken #39;s Net Profit Falls 27 Percent The Dutch brewing company Heineken reported a rise in first half sales on Wednesday but said net profit fell 27 percent, due in part to the weaker dollar.
Invesco deal ends US funds probe Invesco Funds Group (IFG) and affiliate AIM are to pay a total of \$450m (254m) to settle an improper trading probe. The UK #39;s Amvescap, which owns both firms, said the two would pay \$140m in civil penalties 
US Stock-Index Futures Decline; Dow Stocks Drop in Europe US stock-index futures declined before Alan Greenspan #39;s presentation to Congress, where the Federal Reserve #39;s chairman may restate his commitment to a measured #39; #39; increase in borrowing costs.
Hong Kong, China Strike New Aviation Deal In a gradual opening of China #39;s skies to more commercial aviation, Hong Kong and mainland regulators struck a deal Wednesday to grant more flying rights to carriers from the two sides.
Smoking ban hits cigs manufacturer Gallagher Silk Cut owner Gallaher today posted a 4.4 rise in profits, despite what the company said was the negative impact on sales of the smoking ban in Ireland and higher taxes on cigarettes in Germany.
EU Authorizes First GMO Seeds for Commercial Use The European Union approved on Wednesday the first genetically modified (GMO) seeds for planting that may be sold across the 25-nation bloc.
WPP to bid for Grey Global today WPP and a US buyout firm will submit offers for US ad agency Grey Global today, while France #39;s Havas faces opposition to its bid from one of 
Cash America buys Camco assets, sells Europe units Cash America International Inc. (PWN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the world #39;s largest pawn shop operators, on Wednesday said it would buy the pawn operating assets of Camco Inc.
Nokia adds BlackBerry support to Series 80 handsets Nokia is adding BlackBerry connectivity to its Series 80 mobile devices, including the Nokia 9500 Communicator, and has unveiled a new business smartphone, the Edge-compatible Nokia 9300.
Intel shifts course on processors Intel Corp. took a huge step Tuesday away from its usual strategy of pushing the need for speed, announcing that it will offer microprocessors with dual cores across all product lines starting next year.
Utah pilot set for a new stunt: Grabbing a piece of the sun Long before he began defying death as a Hollywood stunt pilot, Salt Lake City native Dan Rudert set his sights on becoming a mortician.
Don #39;t Touch That Printer Until You Read This Recall Notice The Consumer Product Safety Commission has recalled a total of nine different models because the printers can short circuit posing a shock hazard to users.
Rosedale chips fuel Intel #39;s WiMax drive Intel Corp. expects its first-generation WiMax chips to spawn devices for wireless broadband end-users that cost less than \$200 and won #39;t require a visit 
State joins lawsuit against Diebold California dropped its criminal investigation of Diebold Election Systems Inc. on Tuesday, instead joining Alameda County and two electronic-voting activists in suing the Texas-based touch-screen voting machine maker.
Hitachi launches next-generation USP Barcelona  ITWeb, 8 September 2004 - In a global launch, Hitachi Data Systems (HDS) has announced its new universal storage platform (USP), TagmaStore, which the company says features technologies previously not available in enterprise storage systems.
Business Briefs Tellabs, which makes equipment for telephone networks, reduced its takeover offer for Advanced Fibre Communications to about \$1.5 billion, citing a decline in Advanced Fibre #39;s profit and outlook.
FRANCE: PSA sets modest target for stop-start fitment of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PSA is targeting fitment of its new stop-start technology, officially launched at a press conference in Paris yesterday, of 50,000 units by 2006.
Unisys Gets Deeper into Linux, Joins Red Hat Partner Community Unisys, the maker of high-end servers, has joined the Red Hat Partner Community, strengthening its ties to the Linux vendor. Unisys, formerly a Windows-only shop, began offering its ES7000 servers 
Star Trek to boldly go massively multiplayer in 2007 San Francisco based developer Perpetual Entertainment has announced that it has secured the rights to create a massively multiplayer game based on Viacom #39;s Star Trek franchise, which it plans to release in 2007.
Americans came from Australia: Study WASHINGTON: Recent archeological evidence studies seems to suggest that the first Americans came from Australia and not Siberia as has been widely believed.
Sun Revisits Its Telecom Roots Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) is going back to its roots with fresh eyes as a key supplier in the telecommunications marketplace.
Serena Blasts Umpire After Dramatic Defeat Bitter, angry, upset and cheated were a few of the words Serena Williams used to describe her feelings after a controversial quarter-final defeat by fellow American Jennifer Capriati at the US Open on Tuesday.
Vijay doesn #39;t care if you like him; he #39;s No. 1 now  #39; #39;You guys look so sad, #39; #39; he told reporters after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship on Sunday.  #39; #39;Man, come on, it #39;s not the end of the world.
Federer Walks Into Spot in Quarterfinals Without so much as a groundstroke, Roger Federer jumped directly from the third round to the quarterfinals Monday afternoon, setting up one of the marquee matches of the US Open.
Brief Yankees to play 2 today Major League Baseball announced Tuesday that Mondays postponed game between the New York Yankees and Tampa Bay Devil Rays will be made up as part of a doubleheader today, and said the Yankees had withdrawn their request for a forfeit.
Irish remain confident after loss to BYU Even in the wake of what many are calling one of the most damaging losses in recent history, Notre Dame coach Tyrone Willingham is putting a positive spin on things as he prepares for No 
Hamilton to  quot;hoot and holler quot; his Ryder Cup compatriots Instead of weighing in to Ryder Cup battle next week, British Open champion Todd Hamilton plans to play a few rounds of golf with his buddies.
Rockies get to Schmidt Denver -- It #39;s always dangerous to draw conclusions at Coors Field until you see the pitcher and catcher shake hands after the final out.
Let the emotional joy ride begin I am. I #39;ve been eyeballing Thursday #39;s Colts-Patriots AFC title rematch since the schedule was released. Speaking of released, the Patriots #39; Ty Law and every other NFL defensive back will have to let go this season after the allowable 5-yard chuck.
Padres box score a-struck out for Molina in the 6th. b-doubled for Suppan in the 6th. c-fouled out for Neal in the 6th. d-popped out for Tavarez in the 9th.
 #39;Black Widows #39; behind Beslan tragedy An unknown Chechen rebel group called the Black Widows organised the siege of a school in the Russian city of Beslan in which hundreds of children, their parents and teachers were killed.
Russia puts price on Chechen rebels Video image of hostages sitting below explosives strung from basketball hoops in the gymnasium of a school in Beslan, Russia. Photograph: NTV/AP.
Thatcher subpoenaed over coup Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher #39;s son Mark has been subpoenaed to formally answer accusations he helped to finance a coup plot in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, his lawyer says.
Brunei reins in the bling for royal wedding Oil-rich Brunei is gearing up for a royal wedding which will see a guest list of Asian leaders and Middle East royalty but decidedly less bling than previous events.
Sudan Links Southern Peace Talks to Darfur Rebellion Sudan accused southern rebel leader John Garang of backing an uprising in Darfur in the west, and said his support for western rebels could undermine talks to end 21 years of civil war in southern Sudan, a news agency with close links 
Russia Ready to Strike Against 'Terror' Worldwide  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia's top general said on  Wednesday he was ready to attack "terrorist bases" anywhere in  the world, as security services put a \$10 million bounty on two  Chechen rebels blamed for last week's school siege.
Sudan Arrests 14 Islamists for Sabotage Plot  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudanese authorities have arrested 14  members of an opposition Islamist party for plotting sabotage  after soliciting help from abroad, party officials and security  sources said on Wednesday.
U.S. Deaths in Iraq Top 1,000; Italian Women Held  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Pentagon death toll in Iraq reached  at least 1,002 Wednesday nearly 18 months after the U.S.-led  invasion, as the brazen abduction of two Italian women aid  workers in central Baghdad sparked a new hostage crisis.
David celebrates 500th birthday \The 500th aniversary of the unveiling of Michelangelo's David is celebrated in Florence.
Cheney blasts Kerry terror record US Vice-President Dick Cheney says a vote for John Kerry would make a terror attack more likely.
Rescuers reach Turkey fire miners Rescuers start evacuating about 30 workers who  were trapped by a fire in a copper mine tunnel in north-western Turkey.
New record for Irish demography A new survey shows that Ireland's population now totals more than four-million with this rise reflecting immigration stemming from the country's economic boom.
NBA Game Summary - Detroit at Dallas The Pistons snapped a three-game road losing streak in the series...Five of the last six meetings have been decided by 10 points or more...The Mavericks #39; 39 points in the first half is a season-low...Detroit improved to 4-7 on the road this season...Newly 
Ankiel Throws Scoreless Inning for Cards Rick Ankiel walked off the mound after throwing a scoreless inning and was met with a rousing reception of high-fives and slaps on the back.    After more than three years away, the St...
Russia: Accidental Blast Led to Siege End MOSCOW - The militants who raided a school in southern Russia last week were led by a man dubbed the Colonel, who enforced obedience by killing three fellow attackers - two by detonating the explosives they had strapped to their bodies.    Two days later, the attackers were moving the explosives they rigged around the gym where hundreds of hostages were held, and a bomb went off accidentally...
Clinton Making Satisfactory Recovery NEW YORK - Breathing on his own and sipping liquids, former President Bill Clinton continued to make what doctors called a satisfactory recovery after undergoing a heart operation to bypass four severely clogged arteries.    Clinton was "resting comfortably" in intensive care at New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia Tuesday, "awake and alert and talking with his family," according to a statement by his office...
Russia Offers Reward for Rebel Information MOSCOW - Russia offered more than \$10 million for information that helps "neutralize" two well-known rebel leaders from breakaway Chechnya accused of planning the school hostage standoff that killed at least 326 people last week, news agencies reported Wednesday.    The reports of the reward came a day after Russians got a horrific glimpse of the drama from video footage filmed by the militants who captured the school in southern Russia...
UF coaches coming, going During a day of new beginnings, Florida and its fired coach will each launch the start of fresh chapters today. In the same afternoon, Utah Coach Urban Meyer will meet his 
RadioShack Sees '05 Earnings Up (Reuters) Reuters - RadioShack Corp. , the No. 3\U.S consumer electronics chain, said on Wednesday it expects\2005 earnings per share growth of as much as 21 percent as it\improves customer service and expands implements new growth\initiatives.
Francis, Late Holiday Hit Chain Sales (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales in the first\week of September finished flat, due in part to a later Labor\Day and Hurricane Francis, a report said on Wednesday.
JetBlue Profit to Be Hurt by Hurricanes (Reuters) Reuters - JetBlue Airways Corp.  on\Wednesday said third-quarter earnings would be lower than its\previous estimates because of disruptions from the two recent\hurricanes, Charley and Frances.
Five Blue Demons reach double figures CHICAGO (Ticker) -- No. 16 DePaul had five players reach double figures in a 99-54 victory over Loyola-Chicago. DePaul freshman Erin Carney tallied her first double-double with 22 points and 16 rebounds.
Going price for network of zombie PCs:  #36;2,000- #36;3,000 (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - In the calculus of Internet crime, two of the most sought-after commodities are zombie PCs and valid e-mail addresses.
Bryant Accuser's Attorneys Boost Client (AP) AP - Attorneys for the woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape went on a public relations offensive Tuesday, appearing on network television to bolster her public image and dispel speculation that a settlement is in the works in her civil lawsuit against the NBA star.
Sony to sell large-screen LCD projection TVs in China (AFP) AFP - Global electronics giant Sony will launch its popular projection televisions with large LCD screens in China early next year, a company official said.
Selig Would Welcome Government #39;s Help in Tougher Drug Testing While the leadership of the Major League Baseball Players Association remained silent on the issue of a harsher steroid-testing program following the first day of its annual meetings in Phoenix, Commissioner Bud Selig continued his public campaign to 
Mortgage Applications at 4-Month High (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\rose last week to their highest level in four months even\though mortgage rates ticked upward from their recent lows, an\industry group said on Wednesday.
Mobile phones push Bouygues profits up 92 percent (AFP) AFP - Bouygues, the French construction group which has diversified into television and mobile telephones, reported a 92-percent leap of first-half net profits, owing mainly to strong mobile telephone performance.
African poverty summit opens in Burkina Faso (AFP) AFP - Heads of state from 17 African countries attended the opening of an African Union summit in Burkina Faso to craft a jobs creation plan to lift hundreds of millions out of poverty.
Seminoles' Beitia Gets Another Chance (AP) AP - Xavier Beitia is the latest in a line of Florida State kickers to come up short  #151; or more specifically, wide  #151; in the clutch against Miami.
Fruit Prices May Go Up, But Growers Still Hurt Hurricane damage could make battered Florida grapefruit growers the beneficiaries of a bidding war between domestic and international buyers.
BA sale of Qantas stake foreshadows alliance shakeup - analysts (AFP) AFP - British Airways (BA) said it would sell its 1.1 billion dollar (770 million US) stake in Australia's Qantas in a move seen as likely to fuel a major realignment of airline alliances.
McDonald's Same-Store Sales Rose 3.9 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  said worldwide sales at its namesake restaurants open more than  a year rose 3.9 percent in August, helped by strong sales of  new menu items like fried chicken strips.
Francis, Late Holiday Hit Chain Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales in the first  week of September finished flat, due in part to a later Labor  Day and Hurricane Francis, a report said on Wednesday.
Philips' athletic MP3 player hits the track Monitors performance to the sound of &lt;em&gt;Chariots of Fire&lt;/em&gt;
Fireworks in Store as Agassi Takes on Federer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Andre Agassi, darling of the New York  crowd, meets world No. 1 Roger Federer in a mouthwatering  quarter-final at the U.S. Open on Wednesday as the year's final  grand slam bursts into life.
Texting teens use SMS for help Talking to youngsters in the language of text could increase their access to services.
Salton's Quarterly Loss Widens  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Salton Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFP.N&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of  household appliances, on Wednesday reported wider quarterly  losses as hefty restructuring charges more than offset higher  revenue.
Mortgage Applications at 4-Month High  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose last week to their highest level in four months even  though mortgage rates ticked upward from their recent lows, an  industry group said on Wednesday.
Progress Seen in Animal-To-Human Organ Transplants (Reuters) Reuters - Animal-to-human organ transplants could\be at the dawn of a new era thanks to progress in overcoming\rejection and the creation of transgenic pigs, an expert said\Tuesday.
Scientists Skirt Ice, Politics in the Arctic (Reuters) Reuters - The ship crawled\through the fog as if on a slow tour of frozen ruins, trying to\avoid ice chunks of every size and shape off Russia's far\northeastern coast.
Music merger boosts Bertelsmann Bertelsmann, the world's fourth-largest media company, sees profits surge during the first half of 2004, lifted by its music and TV businesses.
BBC in talks on Worldwide future The BBC holds talks with Bertelsmann, Walt Disney and Time Warner but denies that the talks focused on the sale of BBC Worldwide.
World Bank praises Slovak reforms Slovakia and Colombia are the countries who have improved their business climates the most in the past year, a World Bank report says.
Invesco deal ends US funds probe Invesco Funds Group and affiliate AIM agree to pay \$450m to settle allegations of improper trading, their UK owner Amvescap says.
A look back -- in tribute NEW YORK -- She was out there all alone. A few friends, some well-wishers, a scattering of the curious. But essentially Althea Gibson was soloing on the trail she blazed, and surely she was a curiosity. Her height and long limbs had something to do with it. More so, though, looking down on foes -- many of whom looked down ...
Denis Chevrier explains the challenge of Monza The Engine Operations Manager explains what challenges Monza will pose the engine team this weekend.
Stop and start suits Citroen The French carmaker PSA Peugeot Citron sought to strengthen its green credentials yesterday with the launch of a new system that cuts petrol consumption and emissions by automatically switching off the engine at traffic lights or in queues.
Red Hat updates Enterprise Linux and Unisys alliance Red Hat Inc. has announced the general release of the third update to its Enterprise Linux operating system, as well as a new partnership with recent Linux convert Unisys Corp.
Palestinian killed in car blast as Israeli forces take control of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car exploded Wednesday in the occupied West Bank, killing the Palestinian driver. The car exploded about 200 metres from an Israeli occupation military checkpoint, not far from the nortern West Bank village of Baqa al Sharqia.
Foreign leaders, royals arrive for Brunei crown prince #39;s wedding BANDAR SERI BEGAWAN : A glittering array of foreign leaders and royal figures began arriving in Brunei for the grand wedding of the heir to the throne of the oil-rich sultanate.
Intel Demonstrates New Chips Intel Corp. President Paul S. Otellini yesterday demonstrated new chips scheduled for release next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games, as he sought to allay concerns about product delays. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Bloomberg News&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Profiling Technology Speeds Up Fast Food A Pittsburgh start-up, HyperActive Technologies Inc., is testing technology at area fast-food restaurants designed to give kitchen workers a good indication of what customers want before the hungry souls even get close enough to place an order. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Getting Out Of Biotech's Second Tier If you added all the biotech activity that industry executives and local officials across the country have forecast for the next decade, my guess is the industry would be roughly the size of the Chinese economy.
Netflix, TiVo Aim to Offer Online Service Home entertainment trendsetters Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. hope to link up on a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
Smart Phone Market Growing More Crowded The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a Nokia phone-organizer for mobile business professionals.
Stealthy doom floats up on mink A new floating mink trap developed in the UK incarcerates the predators while letting other species go free.
Surf Wirelessly at Dialup Speed Hoping to extend wireless internet access to people without broadband, a Texas company is introducing a base station that works with any dialup connection. But don't expect it to make pages load any faster. By Elisa Batista.
Pilots reject US Air #39;s new offer US Airways (UAIR) executives Tuesday held out hope of reaching a key money-saving deal with pilots, despite a major setback late Monday.
IDF: Complete Intel processor lineup to migrate to dual-cores in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Intels complete lineup of processors for desktops, notebooks and servers will migrate to a dual- and multi-core architecture in 2005, company president and chief operating officer Paul Otellini said yesterday in a keynote speech at the IDF (Intel 
Stunt pilots prepare mid-air snatch of space capsule PASADENA, CALIF. - Helicopter stunt pilots from Hollywood will attempt a tricky mid-air capture Wednesday, as they try to snag the returning Genesis spacecraft and its collection of solar dust.
SPACE PROGRAM NASA #39;s Shuttle Hanger Badly Damaged by Storm The gigantic hangar where the space shuttle is prepared for its missions sustained much more damage from Hurricane Frances than initially believed, NASA officials said Tuesday.
Hitachi broadens virtual storage horizons Hitachi Data Systems (HDS) has today launched a high-end Raid storage platform and software offering complex data management. The TagmaStore Universal Storage Platform (USP) is designed to provide up to 32 
Peugeot Unveils Fuel-Saving Stop  amp; Start System France #39;s biggest carmaker, PSA Peugeot-Citroen, unveiled a new system on Tuesday to reduce emissions and save fuel by allowing drivers to cut their engines when they are not moving.
Online gaming for Star Trek fans STAR Trek fans will be able to boldly go online to take part in new worldwide multiplayer game. Games company Perpetual Entertainment has secured the exclusive worldwide rights from Viacom Consumer Products 
What #39;s next, since Singh has officially surpassed Woods? Vijay Singh made official what we #39;ve known for at least a year, there #39;s nothing wrong with the world rankings, Jack Nicklaus never went through a period like this, and Tiger #39;s  quot;slump, quot; while bad for TV ratings, hints at a new, exciting period in men #39;s golf 
Open-Fireworks in store as Agassi takes on Federer Andre Agassi, darling of the New York crowd, meets world number one Roger Federer in a mouthwatering quarter-final at the US Open on Wednesday as the year #39;s final grand slam bursts into life.
Gibbs Has Redskins Looking Back to the Future When Joe Gibbs last coached in the NFL in the 1992 season there were no teams in Jacksonville or Carolina. Much has changed on the sporting landscape since, though with a new season 
SA must improve productivity - IMF International Monetary Fund (IMF) managing director Rodrigo de Rato said that formidable challenges existed in South Africa #39;s economy and that the country needed to increase its growth rate for unemployment to erode.
Business Watch Ellis Park in Henderson, Ky., will return to a five-day race week next year amid complaints that six days of racing each week hurt field sizes and turned off bettors.
Perpetual Entertainment to beam up Star Trek MMORPG San Francisco developer/publisher lands coveted Paramount sci-fi license, \$6.5 million in funding on same day. Although it is less than two years old, Perpetual Entertainment has acquired one of the most coveted sci-fi licenses on the market.
England too comfortable and if Sven Goran Eriksson selects him against Poland tonight, as I expect he will, the coach will have no excuses if his keeper blows it again.
Mickelson signs on as face of Callaway The Carlsbad golf company said yesterday that it has signed Phil Mickelson, the reigning Masters champ, to a long-term deal to use and endorse its equipment.
Five tech firms face crossroads Netflix, PalmSource, Research In Motion, TiVo and Vonage have great products and were first to market, but can they hold their leads?
Rosedale chips fuel Intel's WiMax drive SAN FRANCISCO -- Intel Corp. expects its first-generation WiMax chips to spawn devices for wireless broadband end-users that cost less than \$200 and won't require a visit by a service provider, a company executive said Tuesday.
Ion Appoints Outside Managers After Banks Cut Credit (Update4) Ion Ltd., an Australian auto parts maker that supplies Ford Motor Co., appointed outside managers after banks cut off its credit because it spent too much expanding in the US and Australia.
Frances blows down Federated sales, profits Hurricane Frances will hurt sales and profits at Federated Department Stores Inc., the retailer said Tuesday. The Lazarus-Macy #39;s parent estimates it will lose \$20 million in sales, while 
Gunmen Take Three Hostage at Ugandan Ministry (Reuters) Reuters - A small group of suspected\gunmen stormed Uganda's Water Ministry Wednesday and took three\people hostage to protest against proposals to allow President\Yoweri Museveni for a third term.\Police and soldiers with assault rifles cordoned off the\three-story building, just 328 feet from Uganda's parliament\building in the capital Kampala.
Stocks Set to Open Lower; Greenspan Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were headed lower on  Wednesday as investors await remarks by Federal Reserve  Chairman Alan Greenspan and may take some profits a day after  major indexes rose to 2-month highs.
Stocks to Watch Wednesday  Piper Jaffray downgraded the software maker's stock to  "market perform" from "outperform."
Lenovo Confirms Acquisition Talks China #39;s largest personal computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., said on Tuesday it was in acquisition talks with a major technology company, which a source familiar with the situation said was IBM.
Israel's Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to  changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier on Monday  but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside,  political sources said.
Gunmen Take Three Hostage at Ugandan Ministry  KAMPALA, Uganda (Reuters) - A small group of suspected  gunmen stormed Uganda's Water Ministry Wednesday and took three  people hostage to protest against proposals to allow President  Yoweri Museveni for a third term.  Police and soldiers with assault rifles cordoned off the  three-story building, just 328 feet from Uganda's parliament  building in the capital Kampala.
IMF Sees Robust U.S. Growth &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; OUAGADOUGOU (Reuters) - Robust U.S. economic growth will\likely continue into 2005, but authorities should cut the\budget deficit to reduce the risk to growth, International\Monetary Fund Managing Director Rodrigo Rato said.&lt;/p&gt;
Up to 120 Girls Defy French Head Scarf Ban PARIS - Some 100 to 120 girls have defied a new law banning Islamic head scarves in classrooms and are in talks with school officials trying to convince them to remove the head coverings, Education Minister Francois Fillon said Wednesday.    It was the first complete figure made public since the start of the school year last Thursday...
Coroner Discussing Gun Safety Shoots Self BLOOMINGTON, Ind. - Monroe County Coroner David Toumey was hospitalized with a leg wound after accidentally shooting himself while trying to demonstrate gun safety...
US Stock-Index Futures Decline; Dow Stocks Drop in Europe US stock-index futures declined before Alan Greenspan #39;s presentation to Congress, where the Federal Reserve chairman may restate his commitment to a measured #39; #39; increase in borrowing costs.
US old-timers engineer own version of miracle High up among the many empty seats at the Xcel Energy Center last night sat a small knot of Russian fans holding a large banner that read Miracle is over.
Czechs, please, as Swedes made to pay Any suggestions the Czech Republic lacked the necessary commitment to advance in the World Cup of Hockey were erased yesterday when it stunned an overwhelmed Swedish team in Stockholm.
Teenager will play in heady company Darren Wallace is used to doing things ahead of schedule. He was hitting golf balls in his backyard as an 18-month-old and played his first 18 holes of golf -- albeit on a par-three course -- on his third birthday.
Violence continues unabated in Iraq US warplanes bombarded Fallujah Wednesday as fighting continued intermittently in a Baghdad neighborhood between US forces and Shiite gunmen.
UN officials say Palestinian girl shot by Israeli troops while in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip UN officials say a ten-year-old Palestinian girl is in critical condition after being shot in the head by Israeli forces while sitting in school.
More bodies from Indonesian ship found : Japan #39;s coast guard on Wednesday found five more bodies from an Indonesian cargo ship that ran aground during a powerful typhoon, bringing the death toll for the ship to 11.
British soldier charged with murdering Iraqi London -- For the first time, British authorities have charged a soldier with murder in the death of a civilian in Iraq, indicting him in civilian court yesterday after a commanding officer blocked a court-martial.
Thatcher Called to Answer Investigators on Coup Plot Sept. 22 Mark Thatcher, arrested in South Africa last month on suspicion of bankrolling a failed coup in Equatorial Guinea, has been summonsed to answer questions by investigators from the west African nation on Sept.
No genocide in Darfur, Sudanese minister says Sudan #39;s foreign minister said on Thursday that there was no ethnic cleansing or genocide in the country #39;s Darfur region and rejected a United Nations estimate that 50,000 people have been killed.
SK Telecom previews file sharing for 3G phones BUSAN, SOUTH KOREA -- South Korean mobile operator SK Telecom Co. Ltd. previewed a file-sharing application for cell phones this week that will let users swap files, including ring tones, music and videos over its 3G (third-generation) network.
EU delays disputed GMO decision, says time not ripe The European Commission put off Wednesday a controversial decision on levels of genetically-modified organisms (GMO) in seeds in the EU, in a move welcomed by environmental lobbyists.
TiVo, Netflix may join forces Shares of TiVo Inc. and Netflix Inc. rose Tuesday after a published report said the two Bay Area firms were set to join forces to rent downloadable movies over the Internet.
Salton Loss Widens, Hurt by Charges Salton Inc. , a maker of household appliances with brands such as Westinghouse and George Foreman, on Wednesday reported wider quarterly losses, hurt by hefty restructuring charges.
Space/Astronomy Blog Archives NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe issued a statement regarding the damage left behind at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the wake of Hurricane Frances.
Sven is cool Under-pressure England boss Sven-Goran Eriksson insists he does not fear the sack even if his team lose in Poland tonight. Speculation is mounting that the Swede will lose his job if England 
Italian Leaders Condemn Kidnapping of Aid Workers in Iraq Italy is again under shock over the kidnapping of two of its aid workers in Iraq, this time young women who were in Baghdad to assist with reconstruction efforts.
Hurricane Ivan Charges Westward Through Caribbean The latest in a series of violent storms continues to charge westward through the Caribbean, after making a direct hit on Grenada, knocking over trees and utility poles.
Frances Fouls Up Phones, Power Florida's power and telecommunications infrastructure suffered a serious blow when Hurricane Frances blew in over Labor Day weekend. Portable cellular phone service stations and generators offer only a temporary fix. By Jacob Ogles.
Flight ID Rules Fuel Fresh Furor A privacy advocate who is suing the government for allegedly forcing airlines to ID passengers is pressing to have his case aired publicly. Government attorneys, meanwhile, want the court to hear their arguments in secret. By Ryan Singel.
Voter Bounty Hits Hundred Grand The brains behind Hot or Not have turned their attention -- and their wallets -- to getting people to join the electorate. Twin \$100,000 prizes are up for grabs to those who register to vote. By Dan Brekke.
Slide Rule Still Rules Decades have passed since the pocket calculator relegated the trusty slide rule to near obscurity. Now, an exhibit celebrates the lengthy history of the device, featuring the slide rules of celebrity geeks. By Michelle Delio.
Bright Lights, Burning City This year's Burning Man festival was alive with light all day and all night, as luminescent art and wild displays of fire lit the desert skies. Daniel Terdiman reports from Black Rock City, Nevada.
State to Slam Diebold With Suit California Attorney General Bill Lockyer will move forward with a false-claims lawsuit against the electronic voting-machine maker. The Golden State accuses Diebold of installing electronic voting systems that were not tested or approved.
Hurricane Hammers Shuttle Program Winds and water wreak havoc on the Kennedy Space Center. The damage could delay space flights scheduled for next spring.
Before-the-Bell: JetBlue, Oracle Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of JetBlue Airways Corp.\ fell nearly 8 percent in premarket trading on\Wednesday after warning that the recent hurricanes in Florida\would hurt its earnings.
Heineken Profit Falls As Sales Increase (AP) AP - The Dutch brewer Heineken NV reported its profit fell 27 percent due in part to the weaker dollar despite a rise in sales in the first half of the year.
DJ Sees Profit Shortfall on Weak Ad Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Jones   Co. on Wednesday cut its  earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this  month in key advertising categories at its flagship newspaper,  The Wall Street Journal.
Israel's Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to  changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier on Wednesday  but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside,  political sources said.
Gunmen Take Three Hostage at Ugandan Ministry  KAMPALA, Uganda (Reuters) - A small group of suspected  gunmen stormed Uganda's Water Ministry Wednesday and took three  people hostage to protest against proposals to allow President  Yoweri Museveni to run for a third term.
Microsoft Delays SP2 Delivery--Again Software giant allows users more time to prepare for XP's security fix.
BA to sell Qantas stake; analysts see alliance shakeup LONDON : British Airways (BA) said it would sell its 1.1 billion Australian dollar (770 million US) stake in Australia #39;s Qantas in a move seen as likely to fuel a major realignment of airline alliances.
Chicken strips boost McDonald #39;s McDonald #39;s Corp. said Wednesday worldwide sales at its namesake restaurants open at least 13 months rose 3.9 percent in August, helped by strong sales of new menu items, including fried chicken strips.
EU Ponders Appeal of Sugar Subsidy Ruling The European Union said Wednesday it would consider appealing a World Trade Organization ruling that found its subsidies to European sugar producers violate global trade rules.
Stocks may slide US stock futures fell Wednesday before a speech by US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan in which he is expected to restate the central bank #39;s commitment to raising interest rates in a measured way.
EU approves GMO seed for planting across bloc The European Union approved on Wednesday the first biotech seeds for planting and sale across EU territory, angering green groups who maintain they could contaminate other crops.
BBC, Media Giants in Talks Over Worldwide Unit The BBC confirmed on Wednesday it had held talks with media companies including Time Warner, Bertelsmann and Walt Disney about its commercial subsidiary 
Cash America Declares Special Dividend Related to Sale of FORT WORTH, Texas - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ept. 8, 2004  -h America International, Inc. (NYSE: PWN) announced today that its Board of Directors, at a specially called meeting, declared a one time special 
DJ Sees Profit Shortfall on Weak Ad Sales Dow Jones  amp; Co. on Wednesday cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories at its flagship newspaper, The Wall Street Journal.
Nokia #39;s Series 80 handsets to include Blackberry software NEW YORK, September 8 (New Ratings) - Nokia (NOK.NYS) reportedly announced yesterday that its Series 80-based handsets, which are scheduled to be launched in 1Q05, would integrate the BlackBerry software.
Red Hat upgrades security Linux software maker Red Hat on Tuesday released an update to its enterprise product with security upgrades, support for IBM Power5 servers, new driver support and bug fixes.
Tkachuk scores four as US defeats Russia 5-3 in World Cup quarter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tkachuk, who didn #39;t show up on time for Team USA #39;s morning meeting at the Xcel Energy Center, was wide awake by game time and scored four goals in a 5-3 victory over Russia in a World Cup of Hockey quarter-final elimination game Tuesday.
With Gibbs back, Redskins raise expectations Ashburn, Va. -- Joe Gibbs walked past the three Super Bowl trophies in the office lobby and stood in front of a photo, taken at the White House, of the last Washington Redskins team 1999 to win more games than it lost.
College Football Tyrone Willingham, admitting his disappointment with Notre Dame #39;s offense, reiterated Tuesday that the Fighting Irish can turn things around.
US beats Russia, advances to semis Keith Tkachuk had four goals and an assist to lead the United States into the World Cup of Hockey semifinals with a 5-3 victory last night over Russia in St.
Gators Anxious To Play; Crowder And Herring Will Play 9/8/2004 The Long mystery surrounding whether or not linebacker Channing Crowder and safety Jarvis Herring would serve their suspensions now or later has been resolved.
Hurricane Ivan Devastates Grenada ST. GEORGE #39;S, Grenada Sept. 8, 2004 - Hurricane Ivan made a direct hit on Grenada, killing at least three people as it turned concrete homes into piles of rubble and hurled the island #39;s landmark red zinc roofs through the air.
British soldier charged with Iraqi #39;s murder A 21-year-old British soldier has appeared at Bow Street Magistrates Court charged with the murder of a civilian in Iraq. Trooper Kevin Lee Williams, from the 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, is charged with murdering 
Anwar Seeks Court Clearance A bid by Malaysias former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim to clear his criminal record and return to politics gained pace today as the nations highest court said it would rule next week on an appeal to overturn his corruption conviction.
Brunei prepares for royal wedding BRUNEI was rolling out the red carpet Tuesday for royals and government leaders attending the grand wedding of the heir to the throne of this oil-rich south-east Asian sultanate.
Delta CEO Sees 6,000 to 7,000 Job Cuts (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc.  Chief\Executive Gerald Grinstein on Wednesday said his transformation\plan for the struggling No. 3 U.S. airline would include 6,000\to 7,000 job cuts over the next 18 months and a dehubbing of\its Dallas/Fort Worth operation.
Israel Whistleblower May Marry American (AP) AP - Nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu said Wednesday he wants to replace his Israeli citizenship with a foreign one, perhaps Palestinian, and is considering marrying an American pen pal.
Delta CEO Sees 6,000 to 7,000 Job Cuts  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; Chief  Executive Gerald Grinstein on Wednesday said his transformation  plan for the struggling No. 3 U.S. airline would include 6,000  to 7,000 job cuts over the next 18 months and a dehubbing of  its Dallas/Fort Worth operation.
Spurs overcome sloppy effort to top Bulls With his mother living in France, and his father, brothers and grandparents living in Chicago, Tony Parker doesn #39;t get to play in front of his family that often.
Coke Enterprises Cuts Earnings Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CCE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CCE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest bottler of Coca-Cola drinks, on Wednesday  lowered its earnings forecast for the year, citing lower-than  expected volume in North America and Europe.
Austrians, Italian prevail in slalom BEAVER CREEK - Most individuals wouldn #39;t be able to turn a steering wheel 63 times in less than a minute. Try it on skis. Some racers in Sunday #39;s Birds of Prey slalom didn #39;t even make it through the first 
Boston Scientific's Ireland Plant Cleared  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Boston Scientific Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSX.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday that inspectors from the U.S. Food and Drug  Administration found no problems at a plant in Ireland that  makes Taxus heart stents, which were the subject of a recall.
Mylan Says It's Committed to King Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mylan Laboratories Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MYL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MYL.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said investor Carl Icahn's opposition to Mylan's  proposed purchase of King Pharmaceuticals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KG.N&lt;/A&gt; does not  affect Mylan's commitment to complete the transaction.
BA Reignites Iberia Takeover Talk with Qantas Cash British Airways is in prime position for Europe #39;s most attractive potential airlines merger but analysts say strict ownership laws bar any speedy deal with Spain #39;s Iberia.
UPDATE 2-Delta to cut 6,000 to 7,000 jobs, close Dallas hub Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it will cut 6,000 to 7,000 jobs, or about 10 percent of its work force, over the next 18 
Coke Enterprises Cuts Profit Forecast Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (CCE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest bottler of Coca-Cola drinks, on Wednesday cut its earnings forecast due to lower-than-expected 
Wal-Mart CEO Sees Culture Change as Lawsuits Mount Wal-Mart Stores Inc. can no longer remain sheltered in its Bentonville, Arkansas, headquarters while potentially costly lawsuits pile up, Chief Executive Officer Lee Scott said on Wednesday.
Columbus near middle of traffic congestion ranking Commuters in the Columbus metropolitan area waited an average of 29 hours in traffic tie-ups in 2002 -- making it the 39th most congested large city in the nation, according to a report by the Texas Transportation Institute.
Continental Adds Airfare Surcharges Continental Airlines Inc. said Wednesday it will tack on surcharges to plane tickets purchased by phone or at US airports, joining several other domestic carriers that recently have added similar fees to alleviate 
Icahn attempting to block another corporate takeover Billionaire investor Carl Icahn and a group of investors are opposing yet another corporate takeover. The investors, led by Icahn, have accumulated a 7 percent stake in Mylan Laboratories Inc.
Dow Jones cuts forecast, stock sinks Company cites weak Wall Street Journal ads, analysts predict weak results at other newspaper chains. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Jones  amp; Co.
Boston Scientific says FDA clears Ireland plant Boston Scientific Corp. on Wednesday said US drug regulators inspected the Natick-based company #39;s Ireland plant that makes Taxus drug-coated stents and gave the facility a clean bill of health.
Salton #39;s 4Q Loss Widens on Charges Salton Inc., the maker of George Foreman grills and other household appliances, posted a wider quarterly loss for the three months ended July 3, hurt by charges from cutting staff and closing US facilities despite a rise in revenue.
Intel goes for dual-core p2pnet.net News:- Intel will offer dual core  #39;two-in-one #39; microprocessors across all product lines starting next year. And by 2006, most chips sold for desktop and notebook PCs, as well as server computers 
Watch TV, Zoom In Sony has developed a computer chip that allows viewers to zoom in on any part of a TV image, such as a favorite soccer player or an intruder on security-camera footage, while keeping the image sharp.
Criticism and Praise for New HDS Storage Platform Hitachi Data Systems #39; (Quote, Chart) TagmaStore Universal Storage Platform was designed to grab market share from high-end competitors EMC and IBM (Quote, Chart).
Cleaning Up Kennedy Space Center After Frances Summary - (Sep 8, 2004) NASA workers are continuing to assess the damage that Hurricane Frances wreaked on the Kennedy Space Center when it tore through Cape Canaveral over the weekend.
California Joins Suit Against E-Voting Vendor Diebold Stanford University professor and e-voting activist David Dill said the Diebold case fits with a national pattern that is influencing the adoption of electronic voting before its time.
Tellabs Slashes AFC Buyout Price Tellabs (TLAB:Nasdaq - news - research) rose early Wednesday after it slashed 20 from the price it will pay for Advanced Fibre (AFCI:Nasdaq - news - research).
Microsoft Sets a New Deadline for XP Service Pack 2 The company #39;s automatic blocking tool for SP2 will only work until April 2005. After that, Microsoft will push its security update automatically to all XP customers.
Oracle Micro-Sizes App Prices For Small Businesses It #39;s pushing its Application Server Standard Edition One, a full-sized version of the Standard Edition app server, but priced at \$4,995.
Mobile-game market to boom, study says The US mobile-game industry will leap to annual revenue of \$1.8 billion by 2009, according to a new study from market research company In-Stat/MDR.
Apple Issues Mega Security Update Computer maker Apple (Quote, Chart) has released a security update to fix more than a dozen flaws in the Jaguar and Panther versions of its flagship Mac operating system.
Red Hat ups security for Enterprise Linux 3 Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3 Update 3 limits how much damage a hacker could do. The company said the release is ahead of schedule and not a reaction to any specific threat.
Fuel savings of 10-15 in cities with PSA Peugeot Citrons &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jean-Martin Folz, CEO of PSA Peugeot Citron yesterday unveiled the Groups new Stop  amp; Start system at a ceremony in Paris attended by Serge Lepeltier, French Minister of Ecology and Sustainable Development, and Patrick Devedjian, French Minister of 
Sony readies high-definition camcorder Sony plans to launch a new camcorder in November that can record and play back high-definition video. The device, part of the company #39;s Handycam line, records and plays back video with a resolution of 1,440 
SugarCRM sweetens new open-source CRM product SEPTEMBER 08, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Open-source software start-up SugarCRM Inc. will release the first commercial enterprise version of its Linux-based open-source CRM application tomorrow, starting at \$149 per seat for the first year.
Star Trek Makes MMO Leap Online, the final frontier; the venerable Star Trek franchise prepares to make the leap into the MMO universe. Perpetual Entertainment has announced its plans to bring the 24th century series to the digital world.
August sees 10 per cent spam drop August saw a 10 per cent drop in spam levels, according to email security company Messagelabs. The company said there was a sequential drop in spam with levels falling from 94.
T-Mobile Flashes Flarion Trial Wireless carrier T-Mobile International AG today confirmed it is carrying out trials of Flarion Technologies Flash OFDM equipment in European air space.
The reign has ended Vijay Singh #39;s long quest for No. 1 finally comes to fruition after he knocks off Tiger Woods on Labor Day at the TPC of Boston.
Fantasy Spin: The Dolphins have acquired Lamar Gordon from the St. Louis Rams for a third-round draft choice next season. The deal fills the apparent void at running back for Miami, although Gordon #39;s impact likely won #39;t be felt in the first week of the season.
Tkachuk sends  #39;em packin #39; So much, it was put to Brian Leetch, for the theory that Team USA is too old. Team USA is alive in the World Cup of Hockey on the wings of last night #39;s 5-3 victory over Team Russia in quarter-final action in St.
Reid gets four-year extension through 2010 Andy Reid received a four-year contract extension from the Philadelphia Eagles on Wednesday that will take him through the 2010 season.
Hamburg hampered by Lauth knock Hamburg SV striker Benjamin Lauth will be sidelined for up to four weeks because of complications to a fractured foot and perhaps longer if surgery is required, coach Klaus Toppmoeller said on Wednesday.
Jets place Mickens on IR, sign Buckley East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - The New York Jets placed veteran cornerback Ray Mickens on injured reserve Wednesday and signed defensive back Terrell Buckley.
GAME DAY PREVIEW Game time: 10:00 PM SEATTLE (Ticker) -- The Seattle Storm look to end a three-game losing streak when they host the defending WNBA champion Detroit Shock at Key Arena on Wednesday.
For Phil, it #39;s out with Titleist, in with Callaway Less than a week after being released from the remaining 16 months on his five-year contract with The Acushnet Co., Phil Mickelson has signed a multiyear pact with Callaway Golf, according to the company.
Can Bonds reach 700 in Coors Field finale? Bonds will look to make the most of his last visit of the year to hitter-friendly Coors Field as the San Francisco Giants wrap up a two-game series with the Colorado Rockies.
Scientist Has Concerns About Uses of DNA (AP) AP - The scientist who discovered genetic "fingerprinting" two decades ago said Wednesday that he has some concerns about the use of the technology.
CT Scan Reveals Dino Skeleton's Secrets (AP) AP - A CT scan of dinosaur bones from northwest Wyoming could help resolve a dispute about the great Tyrannosaurus rex.
Eagles Reward Reid with Four-Year Extension  Philadelphia, Pa. (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia  Eagles locked up their most successful head coach in franchise  history Wednesday, signing Andy Reid to a four-year contract  extension.
New Fissure Opens on Etna Volcano (Reuters) Reuters - A new fissure yawned open on the\southeastern side of Sicily's Mount Etna volcano on Tuesday,\oozing out enough lava to cross a city block, researchers said.
Bush Laments Loss of U.S. Troops in Iraq (AP) AP - With the number of American military deaths in Iraq surpassing 1,000, President Bush said Wednesday "we mourn every loss of life" and declared that the United States was making good progress in the war against terrorism.
Arsenal, Rosenborg ready for tie London, Dec 07 - Arsenal face a decisive Champions League Test against Rosenborg on Tuesday. If the English Premier League champions can beat the Norwegian outfit, then progress to the last sixteen of the tournament is assured.
Global survey shows 30 of 35 countries want Kerry in White House (AFP) AFP - A majority of people in 30 of 35 countries want Democratic party flagbearer John Kerry in the White House, according to a survey released showing US President George W. Bush rebuffed by all of America's traditional allies.
EU Approves GMO Seed for Planting Across Bloc (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union approved on\Wednesday the first biotech seeds for planting and sale across\EU territory, flying in the face of widespread consumer\resistance to genetically modified (GMO) crops and foods.
Report: N.Korean Envoy Warns of Nuclear Arms Race  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea's uranium enrichment  experiment four years ago is a "dangerous movement" that could  trigger a nuclear arms race in northeast Asia, a North Korean  envoy told the South's Yonhap News Agency Wednesday.
Russia Ready to Strike Against 'Terror' Worldwide  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia's top general threatened  Wednesday to attack "terrorist bases" anywhere in the world, as  security services put a \$10 million bounty on two Chechen  rebels they blame for last week's school siege.
Israel's Sharon Agrees Changes to W. Bank Barrier  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed  Wednesday to changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier  but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside,  political sources said.
U.S. Deaths in Iraq Top 1,000; Aid Groups Eye Exit  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Dozens of international aid agencies  considered quitting Iraq Wednesday following the abduction of  two Italian women, and as the U.S. military death toll rose  above 1,000.
U.N. Wants Stronger Mandate for AU Monitors in Darfur  KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - African Union (AU) monitors of  a shaky cease-fire in Sudan's remote Darfur region should have  an expanded mandate but stop short of peacekeeping, a United  Nations official in Sudan said Wednesday.
N.Ireland Peace Deal Revival Far Off - Adams  DUBLIN/BELFAST (Reuters) - One week before top-level talks  to salvage a deal for sharing power between Catholics and  Protestants in Northern Ireland, there is still no framework  for accord, the leader of the main Catholic party said  Wednesday.
One in Five Germans Wants the Berlin Wall Back  BERLIN (Reuters) - Fourteen years and a trillion euros  after reunification one in five Germans would like to see the  barrier that split the country during the Cold War put back, a  survey found Wednesday.
Delta announces job cuts Indianapolis, Sept. 8 - The news hit an already suffering industry hard. Delta Airline #39;s restructuring calls for a reduction of ten percent of its workforce, or about 7,000 people.
Lexmark recalls 39,431 printers The potentially faulty machines were sold under the Lexmark, IBM and Dell brands. The company has recalled these products because they could short circuit and potentially give users an electric shock.
Relentless Hewitt in quarters LLEYTON HEWITT continued his red-hot run to reach his fifth straight US Open quarter-final at Flushing Meadows today. Australia #39;s 2001 champion obliterated unseeded Slovak Karol Beck 6-4 6-2 6-2 in 1hr 40min 
Winning ways back for Lions? There was a glow to every face in Beaver Stadium, a look of relief dissolving any despair that might have remained. Those happy expressions of players and fans carried an optimistic belief -- that this was 
Golfing Roundup: Singh ends Tiger #39;s run of 5 in row Vijay Singh won the PGA Tour player of the year award yesterday for the first time, ending Tiger Woods #39; five-year hold on the honor with a season that left no debate about who was No.
Palestinian PM threatens to quit PALESTINIAN prime minister Ahmed Qurie has again threatened to resign over differences with leader Yasser Arafat ahead of a meeting of donor countries who help fund the Palestinian Authority, officials said today.
Bush laments loss of life in Iraq US President George Bush pays tribute to US soldiers killed in Iraq as the death toll tops 1,000.
Delta plans to cut 10 of staff Delta Air Lines is planning to cut 7,000 jobs, or about 10 of its workforce, as the US carrier fights to avoid bankruptcy.
Africa #39;s Health Worker Exodus: Who #39;s at Fault? African health workers aren #39;t just being lured away by better salaries in rich countries. They are fleeing squalid and unsafe workplaces and staggering workloads.
Roddick having a real blast From his very first service game of this US Open, defending champion Andy Roddick announced that he had his throttle on full power and wasn #39;t going to back off.
NL race tightens; Bonds homers The Chicago Cubs are just a half-game ahead of the San Francisco Giants and Houston Astros in the NL wild-card race after falling to the visiting Montreal Expos, 7-6, on Brian Schneider #39;s go-ahead single in the 12th inning.
PROBLEMS INCREASE FOR TOPPMOLLER Hamburg manager Klaus Toppmoller has been dealt a second blow in 24 hours as he clings to his job. Toppmoller is widely tipped to be the first managerial casualty of the Bundesliga season and his squad have 
Kerry, Keeping Up Criticism of Bush, Lists Costs of Iraq War John Kerry argued today that the president left a trail of broken promises on the path to war and has squandered billions.
BA to offload Qantas stake BRITISH Airways today announced plans to sell its 425 million stake in Australias Qantas Airways to cut debt and take advantage of consolidation in Europe.
Northwest Backs Down: Following Backlash, Carrier Rescinds GDS &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Northwest Airlines late last week rescinded a policy to levy fees on travel agent bookings made through global distribution systems.
Mylan exec blasts financier #39;s plan to block King merger PITTSBURGH The chief executive of Mylan Laboratories says a move by Wall Street financier Carl Icahn (EYE #39;-kahn) to halt Mylan #39;s acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals is wrongheaded.
Accor Hotels Group Reports Drop in Profit PARIS - French hotels group Accor SA on Wednesday reported a 24 percent drop in first-half net profit as its brands such as Sofitel and Motel 6 suffered from the uneven recovery in the global travel market.
Space Capsule Crashes in Utah The Genesis space capsule, which promised scientists potential clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to Earth today.
Group Franz Ferdinand Wins Mercury Prize LONDON - Scottish rockers Franz Ferdinand, whose debut album has been hailed by critics as a masterpiece of pop, won the prestigious Mercury Music Prize.    The Glasgow-based quartet were the favorites among the 12-strong shortlist to take home the award for their self-titled album...
Jets Lose Cornerback Mickens to Torn ACL HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. - Jets cornerback Ray Mickens was placed on injured reserve Wednesday with a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee, while Terrell Buckley was signed to take his place...
New Technology Estimates Fast-Food Demand PITTSBURGH - Do you want fries with that? Never mind, we already know. A Pittsburgh startup, HyperActive Technologies Inc., is testing technology at area fast-food restaurants designed to give kitchen workers a good indication of what customers want before the hungry souls even get close enough to place an order...
Stocks Mixed on Greenspan's Assessment NEW YORK - Investors were unmoved by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's improved assessment of the economy, and stocks remained mixed Wednesday in light trading.    While Greenspan said the economy has "regained some traction" after the summer's slowdown, he echoed Wall Street's concerns over energy prices, which have fallen from record highs in recent weeks but stubbornly remain above \$40 per barrel...
Delta to Cut Up to 7,000 Jobs in 18 Months ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines will cut up to 7,000 jobs, reduce wages and pull back at its Dallas-Fort Worth airport hub as part of a sweeping restructuring plan that could still leave it vulnerable to bankruptcy.    The job cuts representing about 10 percent of its overall work force will come over the next 18 months, Delta chief executive Gerald Grinstein said Wednesday during a meeting with 300 of the company's middle managers...
U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000 BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes hammered suspected militant strongholds in Fallujah on Wednesday after a suicide bombing there and a series of attacks in Baghdad pushed the number of U.S...
Delta to Cut Up to 7,000 Jobs in 18 Months ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines will cut up to 7,000 jobs, reduce wages and pull back at its Dallas-Fort Worth airport hub as part of a sweeping restructuring plan that could still leave it vulnerable to bankruptcy, company CEO Gerald Grinstein said Wednesday.    The job cuts representing about 10 percent of its overall work force will come over the next 18 months, Grinstein said during a meeting with 300 of the company's middle managers...
Stocks Mixed Ahead of Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Stocks were little changed early Wednesday as investors awaited testimony from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan before a House budget panel.    In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 0.08 at 10,342.71...
Hurricane Ivan Devastates Grenada ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan made a direct hit on Grenada, killing at least three people as it turned concrete homes into piles of rubble and hurled the island's landmark red zinc roofs through the air...
North Korea Warns of 'Nuclear Arms Race' North Korea on Wednesday warned of a "nuclear arms race" in Northeast Asia following the recent revelation that South Korean scientists enriched a tiny amount of uranium four years ago, a news report said.
Hyundai Motor to set up commercial JV in China SEOUL - Hyundai Motor Co, South Korea #39;s largest carmaker, said Wednesday it will build a commercial vehicle joint venture in China by 2010.
Game on for wireless data Although set to remain a niche market, mobile gaming will continue its rise as a generator of wireless data usage and revenue, new research has claimed.
Woolworths to take on Apple #39;s iTunes UK High Street retailer Woolworths will this year launch a digital music download service, the company #39;s parent revealed today.
Red Hat Packs More Punch Into RHEL 3.0 With Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4.0 lined up for release next year, the open source solutions vendor has released a power pack to ensure that customers using the existing version 3.0 have access to the latest enhancements in Linux.
Penn State heading in right direction After a spring in which Joe Paterno went from bad cop to really bad cop, the Nittany Lions responded with their finest season-opening performance in five years.
Boston offense sox A #39;s again The 7-1 loss cuts Oakland #39;s AL West lead to 1 1/2 games and thrills the Red Sox faithful. By Tim Casey -- Bee Staff Writer. It #39;s not too late to get into a Fantasy Sports League.
Turkish mine fire toll rises EIGHT bodies were pulled from an underground tunnel in a copper mine in northern Turkey where a massive fire broke out today, local officials said.
Palestinian PM Renews Threat to Resign Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie has renewed a threat to resign in a tussle for power with Yasser Arafat just six weeks after retracting his previous resignation, officials said on Wednesday.
Feds go for hypothetical defence in airline ID case Rule might or might not exist. But then it'd be secret
1,000 workers rally behind Swansea IT strikers Council claims union 'holding people of Swansea to ransom'
Wi-Fi Alliance unveils media streaming quality tech WMM to 'kick start' wireless consumer electronics
Interview with the pornogami Grand Master &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Zen and the art of paper-based sex
Greenspan: Economy Regaining Traction  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy has escaped a  recent soft patch and seems to be picking up steam, Federal  Reserve chief Alan Greenspan said on Wednesday in remarks  economists saw as cementing a September rate rise.
Delta to Cut Up to 7,000 Jobs  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it will cut 6,000 to 7,000 jobs, or about 10  percent of its work force, over the next 18 months and drop  Dallas/Fort Worth as a hub as it tries to avert bankruptcy.
JetBlue Profit to Be Hurt by Hurricanes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - JetBlue Airways Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBLU.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JBLU.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday lowered its estimate for third-quarter earnings,  citing disruptions from Hurricanes Charley and Frances.
ING Reveals Improper Trading Case Details  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. unit of Dutch financial  services group ING Groep NV said on Wednesday a review of  improper trading in its mutual funds showed only isolated  incidents of impropriety.
Spammers given boot by net host A campaign by anti-spam groups has persuaded a large US net service provider to ban spammers using its network.
GM Hikes Incentives After Weak Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday raised its cash incentives by between \$500 and \$1,000  on most of its 2005 model year vehicles, a week after company  officials expressed disappointment with August sales.
Job Openings Rise, Hires Fall in July  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More U.S. jobs were available in  July though fewer people were hired, the Labor Department said  on Wednesday.
Hurricane Ivan Devastates Grenada  MIAMI (Reuters) - Powerful Hurricane Ivan charged west  through the Caribbean on Wednesday after killing at least four  people and smashing homes in a devastating punch to the tiny  spice island of Grenada and glancing blows to nearby islands.
Greenspan Economic Forecast Upbeat Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said today that U.S. economic growth has picked up since slowing sharply in the late spring.
Delta Announces 7,000 Job Cuts Delta Air Lines will cut up to 7,000 jobs, or 10 percent of its overall work force, during the next 18 months, company CEO Gerald Grinstein said Wednesday.
Continental Airlines Adds Service Fee Continental Airlines Inc. on Wednesday joined a string of major carriers in charging service fees for airline tickets booked at reservations centers or airport ticket counters in the United States.
Accor hotel chain sees first-half profit jump PARIS, Sept 8 (AFP) - The French hotel chain Accor said Wednesday that pre-tax first-half profit had jumped 25 percent to EUR 225 million (USD 270 million) as business picked up in high-end hotels abroad.
Lexmark #39;s Laser-Quick Response Before you click the print icon on your computer screen again, you may want to check the serial number of your printer. Lexmark (NYSE: LXK), a leading manufacturer of 
Italian politicians set aside squabbles to work for release of two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Squabbling Italian politicians pledged Wednesday to put aside their differences over the Iraq war and work together to free two female aid workers 
Eagles Extend Reid's Contract Through 2010 (AP) AP - Andy Reid received a four-year contract extension from the Philadelphia Eagles on Wednesday that will take him through the 2010 season.
Greenspan: Economy Regaining Traction (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy has escaped a\recent soft patch and seems to be picking up steam, Federal\Reserve chief Alan Greenspan said on Wednesday in remarks\economists saw as cementing a September rate rise.
Cisco Plans to Accelerate New Product Offerings (Reuters) Reuters - Cisco Systems Inc. , the\world's largest maker of gear for directing Internet traffic,\plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever in\its history, its chief executive said on Wednesday.
ING Reveals Improper Trading Case Details (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. unit of Dutch financial\services group ING Groep NV said on Wednesday a review of\improper trading in its mutual funds showed only isolated\incidents of impropriety.
Zombie PCs spam, phish, harass on the sly (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Criminals deploy zombies herded into netwoks of a few hundred to more than half a million compromised PCs. Uses vary from the simply annoying (spam attacks) to the unsavory and criminal.
Attacks on Disney #39;s Eisner Abate Each day in a Delaware courtroom, the inner workings of the old Walt Disney Co. are on display. A shareholder lawsuit over the eye-popping severance received by former president Michael S. Ovitz 
Greenspan: Economy Regaining Some Traction (AP) AP - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Wednesday the economy has "regained some traction" after a late spring slowdown that was triggered by a sharp spike in oil prices.
Livewire: Web Aids Search for the Right -- or Left -- Mate (Reuters) Reuters - The run-up to the U.S.\presidential election is casting the spotlight on a new crop of\Web sites for political-minded singles who are seeking Mr. or\Ms. Right ... or Left.
Two Programs Rescue Damaged Discs (AP) AP - You know it's bound to happen: One of the CDs you've burned is going to stop working  #151; be it from scratches, aging, poor manufacturing or the fact that it was made with old software.
Japan crush India while South Korea and China struggle (AFP) AFP - Newly-crowned Asian champions Japan stayed on course for the 2006 World Cup in convincing fashion while 10-man South Korea as well as China were made to struggle in qualifying matches.
Auditor general weaves tale of sponsorship abuses (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Auditor General Sheila Fraser continued to weave a tale of financial mismanagement Wednesday, singling out the Public Works Department, Via Rail and a variety of private ad agencies for criticism at the federal sponsorship inquiry.
Nokia Goes Hollywood (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - To coin a phrase: It was the best of product placements. It was the worst of product placements. On Sept. 10, Finnish cell-phone handset maker Nokia (NYSE: NOK - News) will become a major Hollywood action movie star opposite Kim Basinger. Its new Nokia 6600 videophone will get the title role in the film "Cellular," distributed by Time Warner's (NYSE: TWX - News) New Line Cinema, as the heroic phone used by a police officer to track down a kidnapped Ms. Basinger.
Lawsuits Propel Wal-Mart Changes - CEO (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  can no\longer remain sheltered in its Bentonville, Arkansas,\headquarters while potentially costly lawsuits pile up, Chief\Executive Officer Lee Scott said on Wednesday.
Bill Clinton Helps Launch Search Engine NEW YORK - Former president Bill Clinton on Monday helped launch a new Internet search company backed by the Chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than Google Inc.
Mickelson Switches to Callaway Equipment (AP) AP - It didn't take Masters champion Phil Mickelson long to find a new equipment deal, signing an endorsement contract with Callaway Golf on Tuesday just one week after he left Titleist.
Intel Silent on Jayhawk Replacement (PC World) PC World - Chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual-core server processors.
Jury rules 9/11 was two attacks Attaching victory to a string of defeats, a jury yesterday agreed with World Trade Center developer Larry Silverstein #39;s claim that the planes that struck the Twin Towers represented two separate, insurable events.
EU Considers Appeal of WTO Sugar Ruling The European Union said Wednesday it would consider appealing a World Trade Organization ruling that found its subsidies to European sugar producers violate global trade rules.
Football: England v Poland Sven-Goran Eriksson may gamble by playing goalkeeper Paul Robinson and striker Jermain Defoe in Poland.
Delta to Cut Up to 7,000 Jobs Delta will cut up to 10 percent of its work force over the next 18 months as part of a restructuring plan that the airline said would save \$5 billion a year in costs by 2006.
Greenspan Says Economic Expansion Was Slowed by Oil Prices Greenspan's moderately upbeat forecast today is likely to cement expectations that the central bank will raise interest rates for a third time in two weeks.
Stocks Are Mixed on Greenspan's Testimony Investors were unmoved by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's improved assessment of the economy, and stocks remained mixed today in light trading.
Genesis Space Capsule Crashes Into Desert DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah - The Genesis space capsule, which had orbited the sun for more than three years in an attempt to find clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to Earth on Wednesday after its parachute failed to deploy.    It wasn't immediately known whether cosmic samples it was carrying back as part of a six-year, \$260 million project had been destroyed...
Intern MD Injects Patient With Olive Oil STEYR, Austria - A medical intern at a western Austria hospital mistakenly injected an elderly patient with olive oil instead of antibiotics after mixing up bedside vials, officials said Wednesday.    The patient, a 79-year-old woman in the hospital for an appendectomy, was not in life-threatening condition, hospital director Harald Geck told the Austria Press Agency...
Russia Threatens to Strike Terror Bases MOSCOW - A top Russian general on Wednesday warned the military will strike "terrorist bases in any region of the world," while authorities offered a \$10 million reward for information leading to two Chechen rebel leaders blamed for last week's deadly raid on a school.    In a nationally televised meeting, Prosecutor-General Vladimir Ustinov also briefed President Vladimir Putin on the investigation into the taking of more than 1,200 hostages in a school last week in the southern Russian town of Beslan...
Stocks Fall After Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Investors were unmoved by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's improved assessment of the economy, with stocks falling modestly Wednesday in light trading.    While Greenspan said the economy has "regained some traction" after the summer's slowdown, he echoed Wall Street's concerns over energy prices, which have fallen from record highs in recent weeks but stubbornly remain above \$40 per barrel...
Woodward Confirmed As Lions Coach Sir Clive Woodward has been confirmed as coach of the British Lions #39; tour of New Zealand next year with a special meeting of the Lions committee on Wednesday fully backing his appointment.
National League Preview from The Sports Network (Sports Network) - Barry Bonds can equal two huge baseball milestones tonight. However, aside from personal achievements, the San Francisco slugger is more focused on his team #39;s drive to the playoffs, and 
Russian vow  #39;a threat to everyone #39; Russia #39;s threat to target  quot;terrorists anywhere quot; is a danger to Britain, Europe and the rest of the world, a top Chechen separatist based in the UK has warned.
US soldier among 7 killed: Deputy governor in Iraq kidnapped Gunmen abducted the US-appointed deputy governor of Anbar province on Wednesday, relatives of the official said. Several masked gunmen stormed the house of Bassem Mohammad Munajed in the 
India, Pakistan report progress on Kashmir, other disputes India and Pakistan said Wednesday they were considering scaling back thousands of troops from the Siachen Glacier, the world #39;s highest battlefield, and reported other progress 
Cisco Plans to Accelerate New Product Offerings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=CSCO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest maker of gear for directing Internet traffic,  plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever in  its history, its chief executive said on Wednesday.
Cramming Features Into Phones The cell phone industry is banking on cell phone that seem more like personal assistants --dialing numbers, zapping text messages from fancy keyboards, taking pictures and serving as digital Rolodexes.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Sasser Worm Creator Charged With Sabotage A German teenager who created the Sasser worm that disrupted computers around the world in May has been charged with computer sabotage, prosecutors said Wednesday.
PBS: The Video Game Revolution Documentary filmmaker and host Greg Palmer takes your questions about the PBS documentary, "The Video Game Revolution."
Solar capsule crashes into Earth The Genesis sample-return capsule hits the ground at high speed after its drogue parachute fails to open.
UK 'green energy' centre created Four organisations join forces to create a UK centre for marine renewable energy.
Genesis Space Capsule Crashes In Utah Desert The Genesis space capsule, which had orbited the sun for more than three years in an attempt to find clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to Earth on Wednesday after its parachute failed to deploy.
Unusual Number of Storms Hit Land in Florida An unusual number of storms have made landfall in Florida in the last month, and the hurricane season is only halfway through. But experts say there is no easy answer for the run of bad luck other than the fact that the law of averages may be catching up with the state after several relatively calm hurricane seasons.
Newly Identified Gene May Link Alcoholism and Depression By CHERYL WITTENAUER    ST. LOUIS (AP) -- Scientists say they've identified a gene that appears to be linked to both alcoholism and depression, a finding that may one day help identify those at higher risk for the diseases and guide new treatments...
Briefly: AOL updates instant messenger roundup Plus: Push-to-talk wiretaps on feds' speed list...Tellabs scales back AFC buy...Top McAfee exec to step down...IDC says external disk storage up.
Microsoft extends block to SP2 auto update Corporate customers now have until early 2005 to tinker with things before ingesting XP's Service Pack 2.
Earnings alert: SCO to cap legal expenses Plus: Novell sees weakness in IT spending...Salesforce reports rise in profit...Nortel to lay off 3,500...Intuit posts loss while revenue rises.
SEC May Delay Reviews  A Securities and Exchange Commission official yesterday signaled that the agency may grant foreign companies whose stock trades on U.S. exchanges a brief delay to comply with a controversial accounting reform.
Teenager admits eBay domain hijack A 19-year-old school pupil has reportedly confessed to taking ownership of the domain of the eBay Germany Web site.
Mobile-game market to boom, study says By 2009, games will account for about 4 percent of all wireless-data revenue in the United States, In-Stat/MDR predicts.
Sony readies high-definition camcorder The electronics giant is betting that consumers are ready to spend a couple grand to up the quality of their home movies.
Microsoft under your thumb New keyboard and mouse from the company's hardware division include fingerprint readers.
Five tech firms at a crossroads Netflix, PalmSource, Research In Motion, TiVo and Vonage have great products and were first to market, but can they hold their leads?
EarthLink to offer voice, data Blackberry device Internet Service Provider (ISP) EarthLink Inc. Wednesday announced it is extending its reach as a communications company by offering Research in Motion Ltd.'s BlackBerry 7750, which is both a wireless phone and a data device.
Independence Continues to Struggle The Dulles-based low-fare carrier filled only 52 percent of its seats in November, compared with 52.8 percent in October, the airline's parent, Flyi Inc., reported Monday.
Siemens releases patch for series 65 phones DSSELDORF, GERMANY - Siemens AG has received the green light from operators to offer a patch for a software defect in some of its 65 series mobile phones that could cause hearing damage, the Munich-based manufacturer said Tuesday in a statement.
Nokia plans new, lighter version of Communicator Trying to regain some of its lost market share, Nokia Corp. is hoping to woo both enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, sleeker version of its high-end Communicator handset that will be released worldwide at the beginning of next year, the company announced Wednesday.
Intel Silent on Jayhawk Replacement Chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual-core server processors.
Intel Outlines WiMax Plans Upcoming chips will lead to relatively inexpensive hardware, company says.
Molson boss says Molson-Coors mer Canadian brewer Molson Inc. #39;s proposed merger with Adolph Coors Co. may lack sufficient shareholder support because there soon may be another offer to consider, Molson #39;s chief 
Mylan chief assails Icahn #39;s plan to stall King acquisition The head of Mylan Laboratories Inc. lashed out at Wall Street financier Carl Icahn for trying to stop the company #39;s acquisition of brand-name drug maker King Pharmaceuticals 
Cash America Sells 2 European Units Cash America International Inc., the world #39;s largest pawnshop operator, reported Wednesday that it sold the company #39;s two European units in a single transaction and agreed to purchase a 41-store pawnshop chain based in Las Vegas.
Smart Phone Market Growing Rapidly The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a Nokia phone-organizer for mobile business professionals.
Sony Developing TVs That Zoom in on Screen Image TOKYO (AP) -- Sony Corp. (SNE) has developed a computer chip that allows viewers to zoom in on any part of a TV image, such as a favorite soccer player or an intruder on security-camera footage, while keeping the image sharp...
Solar wind space capsule crashes A space capsule containing solar wind ions, due to be captured in mid-air by helicopter, crashed into the Utah desert without deploying either of its two parachutes at 1158 EDT (1658 BST) on Wednesday.
California sues Diebold over voting systems Secretary of State Kevin Shelley has alleged that Diebold deceived California with aggressive marketing that led to the installation of touch-screen voting systems that were not tested or approved nationally or in California.
T-Mobile trials Flash-OFDM in the Netherlands MAIDENHEAD, United KingdomT-Mobile International said it has deployed a trial of Flarion Technologies FLASH-OFDM system for its mobile broadband services in The Hague, the Netherlands.
New Technology Estimates Fast-Food Demand at Restaurants By CHARLES SHEEHAN     PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Do you want fries with that? Never mind, we already know. A Pittsburgh startup, HyperActive Technologies Inc., is testing technology at area fast-food restaurants designed to give kitchen workers a good indication of what customers want before the hungry souls even get close enough to place an order...
Tennis: Game, set, errors: Serena pays price NEW YORK In a memorable match that featured quality tennis and controversy, Jennifer Capriati outlasted Serena Williams, 2-6, 6-4, 6-4, in a US Open quarterfinal.
RAIN DELAYS START IN NEW YORK Top seed Roger Federer and two-time champion Andre Agassi hope to meet in the showpiece match at the US Open on Wednesday, but only if Mother Nature co-operates.
Robinson pitches for top England job BAGSHOT - Andy Robinson made his pitch to become England #39;s next fulltime head coach by insisting the champions could do what no side has done before and successfully defend the World Cup in France in 2007.
Reid gets four-year extension through 2010 Reid, entering his sixth season in Philadelphia, has led the Eagles to three consecutive losses in the NFC championship game. He is in the third year of 
Japan thrashes India to win fourth qualifier Asian champion Japan overcame a lethargic first half display to outplay India 4-0 in an Asian zone World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Los Angeles Dodgers Team Report - September 8 (Sports Network) - Odalis Perez threw five innings last Thursday against the Diamondbacks before leaving the game with tightness in his biceps.
New GuruNet Beta includes Desktop Search New GuruNet Beta includes Desktop Search\\Bob Rosenschein and his team are online with the beta release of a new Gurunet client (ver. 5.2, Windows only). Their useful GuruNet answer/reference tool now includes a desktop search app. We haven't has a chance to try it out yet (we will) but we ...
Yahoo Testing Travel Search Engine Yahoo Testing Travel Search Engine\\Yahoo is launching its public beta test of a travel search engine based on its recent acquisition of online travel company FareChase. In a statement to the Search Engine Journal, Yahoo made the test site available to the public Tuesday evening for testing the searching of ...
News: McAfee AV ate my application An Australian software developer has been left fuming after the latest virus definition update from McAfee caused his package to be wrongly identified as a Trojan horse programme.
Motorola Aims to Sharpen Design Edge  CHICAGO (Reuters) - In a 26th-floor office suite  overlooking Lake Michigan, some 40 industrial designers,  mechanical engineers and specialists in fields ranging from  anthropology to musicology converge for their daily dance:  developing mobile phones for Motorola Inc.
Dell builds business service center in China More round-the-clock centers to provide service and support for business customers are planned for Europe and Japan.
Debit Cards  Give Plastic Edge Over Paper 2003 was the first time plastic and other electronic payment methods beat out paper, according to a survey released yesterday by the Federal Reserve.
EarthLink Takes a Bite of BlackBerry ISP's customers have a new option for obtaining their e-mail on the go.
WTO confirms big trade powers EU, US must dismantle cotton, sugar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The World Trade Organisation confirmed two separate rulings Wednesday outlawing farm subsidies paid by the United States to cotton farmers and by the European Union to its sugar producers.
Firms to post drug data Faced with a growing clamor for better disclosure, drug manufacturers said yesterday that they will begin a voluntary system of publicly posting the 
Capsule from Genesis Space Probe Crashes in Utah Desert A capsule carrying solar material from the Genesis space probe has made a crash landing at a US Air Force training facility in the US state of Utah.
Intel unveils plans for multitasking chip Chip maker Intel Corp. has announced plans to improve its flagship products in ways that could redefine the role of a microprocessor in a computer and help the company stay ahead of its competitors.
Hyundai To Set Up Commercial Vehicle Joint Venture in China  quot;Hyundai Motor must tap China #39;s commercial vehicle market to produce one million vehicles there in 2008, quot; Hyundai Motor Chairman Chung Mong-koo said at the signing ceremony held at Hyundai #39;s main office in southern Seoul.
3G gets jittery with new super fast rival The latest contender, Flash OFDM technology carries data 10 times faster and is cheaper than 3G phone networks. AMSTERDAM: Europe #39;s second largest mobile carrier T-Mobile said it had started the continent #39;s 
Vijay #39;s officially The Man Legendary golfer Jack Nicklaus had Vijay Singh in mind recently when he talked about why some players endured and others did not.  quot;There are some guys who play as a means to an end, quot; Nicklaus said.
Motorola Aims to Sharpen Design Edge (Reuters) Reuters - In a 26th-floor office suite\overlooking Lake Michigan, some 40 industrial designers,\mechanical engineers and specialists in fields ranging from\anthropology to musicology converge for their daily dance:\developing mobile phones for Motorola Inc.
Missouri's Visit a Major Coup for Troy (AP) AP - Alfred Malone isn't just interested in letting people outside the state know Troy football exists or proving the Trojans can hang in there against a major conference team.
US drafts new UN resolution on Sudan over Darfur (AFP) AFP - The United States presented a draft UN resolution that steps up the pressure on Sudan over the crisis in Darfur, including possible international sanctions against its oil sector.
Miller Lifts Nuggets Andre Miller scores 29 points as the Nuggets sprint to a 115-102 victory over the Orlando Magic on Monday night.
Nineteen dead, 17 injured in Turkish mine tunnel fire (AFP) AFP - A huge fire swept through a copper mine in northern Turkey, killing at least 19 workers and injuring a further 17, a local official there said.
Economy in Many Regions Slowed in Summer  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The economy in many areas of the  United States grew at a slower pace in late July and August as  household spending softened, the Federal Reserve said in a  report on Wednesday.
Stocks Slip, Profit Warnings Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly lower on  Wednesday as a number of companies warned over earnings, while  Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's relatively upbeat  remarks on the economy gave investors no major surprises.
Illinois Proves Rank Sporting their brand-new No. 1 ranking, Illinois reigns 14 three-pointers on Chicago State as the Illini cruise to a 78-59 triumph on Monday night.
Mortgage Delinquencies Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. mortgage delinquencies rose in  the second quarter of 2004 from the first quarter, but an  improving U.S. economy and strong home price appreciation  should keep the downward trend in delinquencies intact, a U.S.  mortgage industry group said on Wednesday.
Kidd Returns in Win Jason Kidd is credited with an assist on Richard Jefferson's jumper that gave the Nets an 88-86 victory over the Raptors on Monday.
Space Shuttle Repairs Could Top  #36;2.2B (AP) AP - NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all that ails the space shuttle fleet could top  #36;2.2 billion  #151; double the estimated price tag given to Congress a year ago.
Italy unites behind Iraq hostages Italian politicians agree to work together to try to secure the release of two women kidnapped in Iraq.
Arabs Want Reform, But Cool to U.S. Help - Poll  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Arabs rate improving quality of life  issues as more important than political reform in their  countries and are mostly cool to U.S. involvement in their  internal affairs, according to a new poll released on Monday.
Bush Backs Budget Authority for New Intelligence Post President Bush shifted his stance today on how much power a new national intelligence director should have.
Space Capsule Crashes in Utah DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah, Sept. 8  #0151; A NASA capsule bearing precious atomic specimens that Hollywood stunt pilots were prepared to catch as it came into earth's atmosphere crashed into the desert this morning after a parachute that was to slow its fall failed to deploy.
Delta to eliminate D/FW hub, cut jobs to save \$5 billion Delta Air Lines Inc. (NYSE: DAL) is eliminating its Dallas/Fort Worth Airport connecting hub, dropping some daily flights from the airport, and cutting between 6,000 and 7,000 jobs throughout its system over 
UPDATE 1-US mortgage delinquencies up, foreclosures down US mortgage delinquencies rose in the second quarter of 2004 from the first quarter, but an improving US economy and strong home price appreciation should keep the downward trend in delinquencies intact, a US mortgage industry 
Demands over mobile radiation It should be easier for mobile users to discover the amount of radiation generated by their handsets,  a leading expert says.
Land of Potatoes Aims to Be High-Tech Hot  NAMPA, Idaho (Reuters) - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are  aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
Genesis Crash a Disappointment, But Was a Better Simulation Some science may have been lost as the Genesis space capsule landed in the Utah desert with a thud. But there might be a glimmer of good news in the failed NASA mission.
Intel Pushes Dual-Core Tech to Mainstream Intel is on track to introduce work-sharing dual-core processors across all its product lines by the end of next year. The technology is part of a strategy shift at Intel away from processor speed and toward performance.
Nokia to launch all-in-one phone Mobile handset maker Nokia today announced the Nokia 9300, a new high-end smartphone. Dubbed by the company its smartest smartphone, with voice and data capabilities, the Nokia 9300 is meant to be an all-in-one device for users.
EMC  quot;buy quot; NEW YORK, September 8 (New Ratings) - Analysts at First Albany maintain their  quot;buy quot; rating on EMC (EMC.NYS). The target price is set to \$13.
Microsoft extends life of XP SP2 download blocker Microsoft is giving customers a little more time to test Windows XP Service Pack 2 by extending the time that a download-blocking mechanism will be in effect.
Mobile Gaming Ongoing Revenue Booster Mobile gaming users already play games an average 5.1 hours per week on various devices in the home, including PCs, game consoles and handhelds, versus 2.9 hours per week for all wireless users.
T-Mobile starts first European test of a Flarion network AMSTERDAM T-Mobile, Europe #39;s second largest mobile carrier, said on Wednesday that it had started the Continent #39;s first trial of a high-speed wireless Internet service that uses Flash OFDM technology.
Sybase Offers Database to Linux Community Although Forrester analyst Noel Yuhanna believes Sybase has a firm foothold in its market, the company faces competition from some large players.
Should Star Trek Die? securitas writes  quot;The New York Times Television reporter William S. Kowinski writes about questions of the Star Trek franchise #39;s viability due to overexposure, audience fatigue and creative exhaustion.
Eagles ink Reid through 2010 PHILADELPHIA (Ticker) - Andy Reid will get a few more chances to lead the Philadelphia Eagles to the Super Bowl. The Eagles on Wednesday signed Reid to a four-year contract extension through the 2010 season.
Astros outfielder Beltran day-to-day Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Houston Astros center fielder Carlos Beltran is listed as day-to-day with a bone bruise on his right elbow.
Putin #39;s response Will the Beslan massacre unify - or divide - the West in the global war on terrorism? The massacre of school children by Islamic terrorists in the North Osettian town of Beslan horrified the civilized world.
Abduction planned to the second Armed to the teeth, the kidnappers beat up a hapless guard, dragged a screaming Iraqi hostage by her hair and took off in broad daylight.
Continental to begin ticket surcharges NEW YORK - Continental Airlines joined a growing number of airlines that plan to charge service fees when tickets are sold through traditional outlets.
Coca-Cola Enterprises Cuts 2004 Outlook ATLANTA - Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., the largest bottler of Coca-Cola products, lowered its full-year earnings outlook and put its third-quarter forecast below analysts #39; expectations due to softer-than-expected volume trends.
270K Fewer Workers Will Have Been Hired In 2004--ITAA Staffing trends--including offshore outsourcing--continue to strip IT workers from their jobs, according to the trade association.
Lexmark recalls 39,400 US printers Printer manufacturer Lexmark is recalling 39,400 laser printers following fears over potential electric shocks. The printers could potentially short-circuit and present a danger of injury to users although there have been no reports of any incidents.
Hitachi upgrades storage line Hitachi Data Systems has announced a new enterprise storage lineup to include features such as a virtualisation which allows customers to manage up to 32Petabytes of internal and external storage.
Microsoft Doubles Blocking Time For SP2 Sep. 08, 2004. Microsoft on Tuesday doubled the time that businesses can block Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) from downloading automatically, giving them until mid-April, 2005, to test the update.
Cycling: Menchov wins fifth stage in Spain MORELLA, Spain : Russia #39;s Denis Menchov won the fifth stage of the Tour of Spain, a 186.5km run between Zaragoza and here. The overall race lead was claimed by Spaniard Manuel Beltran from his US Postal teammate Benoit Joachim.
Russian hostage town mourners vent anger at Putin Hundreds of people took to the streets of Beslan on Wednesday to vent anger at Russian President Vladmimir Putin and demand the resignation of regional 
Nineteen Dead, 17 Injured In Turkish Mine Tunnel Fire ANKARA, Sept 8 (AFP) - A huge fire swept through a copper mine in northern Turkey on Wednesday, killing at least 19 workers and injuring a further 17, a local official there said.
Brunei Prepares for Asia #39;s Lavish Wedding of the Year Dignitaries and blue bloods from around the world began arriving today for the lavish nuptials of the crown prince of the tiny, oil-rich sultanate of Brunei, in what is expected to be Asias wedding of the year.
Tension-Filled Nights Loom for Europe's Big Guns  LONDON (Reuters) - The remaining seven vacancies in the  first knockout stage of the Champions League will be decided  this week with some of Europe's biggest clubs anxiously  considering their fates.
German teen indicted over Sasser computer worm (AFP) AFP - German prosecutors indicted an 18-year-old student on suspicion of creating the Sasser computer worm that paralyzed millions of computers around the world last spring.
Eagles Reward Reid with Four-Year Extension  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles  locked up their most successful head coach in franchise history  Wednesday, signing Andy Reid to a four-year contract extension.
Lawmakers call on White House to back renewal of ban on assault weapons (AFP) AFP - Lawmakers in the Senate warned that the likely demise next week of a 10-year-old federal ban on semi-automatic assault guns will lead to a flood of such weapons on the streets of cities across the United States.
New probe opened into death of US football star-turned-soldier (AFP) AFP - The US Army has launched a new investigation into the tragic death of a former US football star, who turned down a lucrative sport career to fight the war on terror as a special forces soldier, a military official disclosed.
Iran faces 'nuclear ultimatum' Iran is likely to be given an ultimatum to suspend all uranium enrichment activities, top UK officials say.
Study: meager recovery for IT job market The number of US information technology workers rose 2 percent to 10.5 million in the first quarter of this year, but demand for them is dropping, according to a new report.
Dow Jones Sees Shortfall on Weak Ads Dow Jones  amp; Co. (DJ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories 
Brussels approves GM oilseed rape The European Commission said on Wednesday it favoured allowing US biotech giant Monsanto to sell a genetically-modified oilseed rape known as GT73 in the 25-nation European Union.
InBev #39;s Labatt to Cut 180 Jobs, Close Canada Brewery (Update1) InBev #39;s Labatt Breweries, which makes Blue, Bud and Bud Light beers, said it will close its New Westminster, British Columbia, brewery on April 21, eliminating 180 jobs.
NASA Capsule Containing Solar Wind Particles Crashes (Update1) A space capsule containing NASA #39;s first sample from space in more than 30 years crashed into the Utah desert today after its parachutes failed to open.
Nokia Announces 9300 Smartphone Nokia today announced the Nokia 9300, a new high-end smartphone with integrated full keyboard, that replaces its 9290 Communicator.
Hitachi Ups High-End Storage Ante The new HDS storage platform and software enables extensive virtualization, heterogeneous management and universal storage-agnostic replication, Hitachi said.
Honey, I Shrunk the Price AFC shareholders must be praying it won #39;t drop any further, as this is a deal that, when Tellabs initially proposed an all-stock purchase, was worth as much as \$2.
Apple security hole fixes p2pnet.net News:- Apple Computer has issued a patch for 15 Mac OS X security flaws. But,  quot;It ain #39;t us - it #39;s them! quot; - it #39;s saying of some of the problems,  #39;them #39; being certain open source components.
Menchov wins fifth stage; Manuel Beltran takes lead at the Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Denis Menchov of Russia won the fifth stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Wednesday, while Manuel Beltran of the US Postal Service took the overall lead from teammate Benoit Joachim.
Study: meager recovery for IT job market IT employment in the United States rose 2 percent in the first quarter, but the demand for IT workers continues to drop.
Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes (AP) AP - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  #36;200 billion in needed resources at home.
Judge Finds Abortion Ban Unconstitutional (AP) AP - A third federal judge has ruled the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act unconstitutional, adding judicial weight that some experts say could keep the issue from reaching the U.S. Supreme Court.
UN Watchdog Says Work Hindered by Absent U.S. Audits  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.N.-mandated agency said on  Wednesday its task of watching over Iraq's oil money was being  hampered by the Bush administration's failure to hand over  audits of Iraq contracts awarded without competitive bids,  including to Halliburton .
Delta warns of bankruptcy as it moves to cut 7,000 jobs Delta Air Lines said Wednesday that it would cut 6,000 to 7,000 jobs over the next 18 months as part of a sweeping restructuring plan that the airline said would save \$5 billion a year in costs by 2006.
BA to sell Qantas stake, cutting debt LONDON British Airways said Wednesday that it would sell its stake in Qantas Airways and use the proceeds to strengthen its balance sheet for acquisitions in Europe.
Texas Instruments Trims Revenue Estimates Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest maker of chips for cell phones, trimmed its third-quarter revenue outlook on Wednesday as customers 
Grey Global awaiting bidders LONDON As a deadline for bids drew near, Grey Global, the New York-based advertising and marketing company, was expected to receive at least two bids to buy the company, with a possible third offer still uncertain, people briefed on the process said 
UPDATE 4-Mylan says committed to King deal despite Icahn Mylan Laboratories Inc. (MYL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of generic drugs, and King Pharmaceutical (KG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday reaffirmed their commitment 
Continental adds fees to some ticket purchases Continental Airlines said Wednesday that it was joining other US carriers in imposing new fees on tickets bought at US airport counters and reservation centers.
Nursery chain to liquidate Frank #39;s Nursery  amp; Crafts, the lawn and garden retailer, declared bankruptcy Wednesday for the second time, and said it will start going-out-of-business sales as soon as it receives approval from Bankruptcy Court.
Cincinnati drivers stuck in the slow lane Commuters in the Cincinnati metropolitan area waited an average of 38 hours in traffic tie-ups in 2002 -- making it the 27th most congested large city in the nation, according to a report by the Texas Transportation Institute.
Concerto Buys Rockwell Unit It #39;s the end of an era for both outbound and inbound call centers when Concerto acquires the venerable Firstpoint Contact switch-making operation from Rockwell.
GM boosts incentives on  #39;05 models After slow sales last month, General Motors increases rebates on 2005 model-year cars and trucks. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - After a drop in sales last month, General Motors Wednesday announced increased cash incentives on 2005 model year cars and trucks.
NASA space probe crashes in desert NASA #39;s high hopes for a clean reading of the Sun #39;s atomic signature seemed dead Wednesday after the 450-pound Genesis spacecraft came tumbling down in Utah, where it landed with a terrible thud.
Fossil find proves dinosaurs looked after their babies The mystery of whether dinosaurs were indifferent parents or cared for their young may have been solved by a discovery in China. More than 100 million years ago an adult dinosaur was buried 
ITAA: IT job growth to slow for rest of 2004 SEPTEMBER 08, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Although there was a slight 2 increase in IT employment early in the year, IT job growth is expect to slow for the remainder of 2004, according to a report released today by the Arlington, Va.
Criminal investigation of voting machine maker Diebold dropped The California Attorney General #39;s office has decided not to pursue criminal charges against McKinney-based Diebold Election Systems Inc.
Microsoft Doubles Blocking Time For SP2 Microsoft has doubled the time that businesses can block Windows XP SP2 from downloading automatically, giving them until mid-April to test the update.
NASA prepares BlackBerry backup With Florida facing the possibility of its third hurricane in a month, NASA is putting together a backup plan for its message system based on Research in Motion Ltd.
HDS unveils TagmaStore array SEPTEMBER 08, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - NEW YORK -- Hitachi Data Systems Inc. yesterday announced the general availability of a new high-end storage sub-system that it said is unprecedented in its ability to 
Tellabs Slashes Price of AFC Merger Original terms of the merger called for Advanced Fibre #39;s stockholders to receive 1.55 Tellabs shares and \$7 in cash for each of their shares, in a deal then valued at \$1.
AOL updates instant messenger America Online launched on Wednesday the latest version of its instant messaging software, expanding support for sharing pictures and adding several subscription-based features.
Red Hat Now at  #39;NX #39; Level Though its next official full release is still months away, enterprise Linux player Red Hat (Quote, Chart) is rolling out the latest incremental update to its Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 3 product.
T-Mobile tries start-up #39;s wireless technology European cell phone giant T-Mobile International said Wednesday that it #39;s conducting a trial of super-fast wireless broadband gear from Flarion Technologies, giving the New Jersey start-up its first step into the European broadband market.
Study: Spammers use e-mail ID to gain legitimacy With few junk e-mail filters supporting a protocol for verifying the source address of digital messages, spammers have adopted it themselves as a way to appear more legitimate, stated a report released on Wednesday.
Sybase Offering Flagship Database For Linux Officials at Sybase (Quote, Chart) are jumping on the database giveaway bandwagon with an offering tailored to the Linux community.
Mars Was Watery for Eons Sept. 8, 2004 - Mars may be cold, dry and dusty today but it once had a watery climate that lasted for much of its history, according to a study published in the British science journal Nature on Thursday.
Sasser kid charged with computer sabotage The self-confessed author of the infamous Sasser worm has been charged with computer sabotage. Sven Jaschan, 18, was arrested in the village of Waffensen near Rotenburg, in northern Germany, in connection 
U.S. Deaths in Iraq Top 1,000, Aid Groups Eye Exit  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Dozens of international aid agencies  considered quitting Iraq on Wednesday following the abduction  of two Italian women, and as the U.S. military death toll rose  above 1,000.
World-Klinsmann encouraged by brave draw with Brazil New Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann said he was encouraged by his team #39;s brave 1-1 draw with world champions Brazil in a friendly international on Wednesday.
Soccer: Del Piero answers critics by steering Italy to narrow win CHISINAU : Italy #39;s 2006 World Cup campaign gathered momentum despite a scrappy 1-0 win away to Group Five rivals Moldova. The Italians, who failed to reach the knockout stages of Euro 2004, should have had 
Switzerland and Ireland share spoils Ireland drew 1-1 with Switzerland in their World Cup qualifier to partially avenge a defeat to the hosts before Euro 2004. A 2-0 defeat to the Swiss in the same city last October ended Ireland #39;s 
Left-hander hopes to start Saturday Atlanta Braves: Left-hander Mike Hampton was not able to pitch for the Braves on Wednesday, still bothered by a stiff neck that kept him out of his scheduled start Monday.
Matsui breaks out of slump as Yankees thrash Rays NEW YORK - Hideki Matsui produced three hits with two RBIs Tuesday and snapped an 0-for-16 slump, helping the Yankees crush the Devil Rays 11-2.
BYU doesn #39;t renew contracts of men #39;s, women #39;s athletic directors PROVO, Utah - Brigham Young University revamped its athletic department Wednesday, but said the move was made after a months-long internal review rather than as a reaction to the recent sexual abuse allegations that have rocked the steadfast Mormon 
Russian Cyclist Menchov Wins Tour of Spain 5th Stage Russian cyclist Denis Menchov has won the fifth stage of the Tour of Spain and US Postal service rider Manuel Beltran of Spain has taken the overall lead.
U.S. Piles Pressure on Sudan with New U.N. Measure  UNITED NATIONS/KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - The United  States piled pressure on Sudan Wednesday to accept a more  powerful monitoring force in Darfur with a new U.N. draft  resolution threatening sanctions on its oil industry.
Envoy Calls Russia #39;s Threats Dangerous A London-based Chechen rebel representative said Wednesday that Russia #39;s threats to attack terrorists around the world amount to a warning to European countries that Russian forces 
US Sees No Immediate Push for Sanctions on Iran The Bush administration does not plan to seek immediate sanctions against Tehran even if it succeeds in getting Iran #39;s nuclear program referred 
MINE FIRE KILLS 19 IN TURKEY A huge fire has swept through a copper mine in northern killing at least 19 workers and injuring another 17 according to local officials.
Confusion Over Fate of French Hostages in Iraq Confusion surrounded the fate of two French journalists held hostage in Iraq on Thursday after a new purported statement from the kidnappers denied they had demanded a \$5 million ransom or set a 48-hour deadline.
Milosevic #39;s new defense may curb his offense THE HAGUE The ghosts that have long threatened Slobodan Milosevic have finally appeared in court, fundamentally altering the war crimes trial of the former Yugoslav president.
UN welcomes India-Pakistan talks UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan Wednesday urged further dialogue between India and Pakistan to resolve issues, including the question of Jammu and Kashmir.
Typhoon Songda Lashes North Japan, 30 Reported Dead A weakening Typhoon Songda lashed northern Japan with high winds and heavy rain on Wednesday after carving a trail of destruction in wide areas, with media reports saying 
Afghans remember slain anti-Taliban commander amid tight security Some 20,000 Afghans paid tribute Wednesday to slain anti-Taliban commander Ahmad Shah Massood, packing a stadium in Kabul ringed with security to guard against attacks by the still-active Islamic militia.
Ex-Banker Quattrone Gets 18 Months Prison  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former investment banker Frank  Quattrone was sentenced on Wednesday to 18 months in prison,  two months more than the harshest recommended penalty, for  obstructing probes into suspected kickbacks involving some of  the hottest stock offerings of the 1990s.
Greenspan: Economy Regaining Traction  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy is pulling out of a  June soft patch and picking up steam, Federal Reserve chief  Alan Greenspan said on Wednesday in remarks economists saw as  cementing a September interest-rate rise.
NBA Wrap: Kidd Returns, Lifts Nets to Victory  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jason Kidd returned to the New Jersey  lineup and assisted on Richard Jefferson's game winning basket  with 7.1 seconds left as the Nets beat the Toronto Raptors  88-86 in NBA play Monday in East Rutherford.
Delta to Cut Up to 7,000 Jobs  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday it would cut 6,000 to 7,000 jobs, or about 10 percent  of its work force, over the next 18 months and drop Dallas/Fort  Worth as a hub as it tries to avert bankruptcy.
U.S. Open Apologizes to Serena After Overrule Error  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Open organizers have apologized  to Serena Williams for a controversial line call in her  quarter-final loss to Jennifer Capriati on Tuesday.
Italy plays role of Europe's immigration gatekeeper Italy wants the rest of the Continent to stiffen border patrols and asylum guidelines.
Cold Winter Seen Boosting Heating Demand  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. winter will be longer and  slightly colder than the last, private forecasters say,  spelling a spike in heating oil and natural gas demand even as  high oil prices drive up the cost of heating.
Not a Pretty Picture for Avon, Stock Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Avon Products Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AVP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest direct seller of cosmetics, on Wednesday  forecast a slide of as much as 10 percent in U.S. operating  profit as it grapples with weaker sales of key beauty items.
U.S. Stocks Slip as Profit Warnings Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Wednesday after  several companies issued profit warnings, while Fed Chairman  Alan Greenspan's remarks that the economy was pulling out of a  summer soft patch did little to quell expectations for a rate  hike later this month.
Treasuries Rise on Greenspan's Remarks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury prices bounced higher on  Wednesday after Fed Chief Alan Greenspan proved less  enthusiastic about U.S. economic growth prospects than many  investors had foreseen.
Economic Growth Slowed in Many Regions  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - While the U.S. economy continued to  grow in late July and August, growth slowed in several regions  as household spending softened, the Federal Reserve said on  Wednesday.
Soldiers Detain 14 Iraqis, 10 Bomb Makers (AP) AP - U.S. troops captured 14 Iraqis, including 10 wanted for making explosive devices to attack coalition forces, the military said Tuesday.
Texas Instruments Trims Revenue Estimates  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the largest maker of chips for cell phones, trimmed its  third-quarter revenue outlook on Wednesday as customers worked  off inventories of unsold chips, making it the second major  chip supplier to pare third-quarter expectations.
Dolphins Acquire RB Gordon from Rams  Davie, Fla. (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins bolstered  their depleted running corps on Wednesday, acquiring running  back Lamar Gordon from the St. Louis Rams in exchange for a  2005 third-round draft pick.
15 U.S. Agencies Told to Share Earth Data (AP) AP - The White House on Wednesday told 15 federal agencies to better share scientific data about the Earth among themselves and with other nations.
Quattrone Gets 18-Month Sentence A federal judge slammed former Wall Street banking star Frank P. Quattrone Wednesday with an 18-month prison sentence for obstructing a federal securities investigation, ruling that the investment banker lied on the stand during his trial.
Plants - the Silent Witnesses to Crime (Reuters) Reuters - Microscopic traces of pollen\are increasingly being used by world police forces to track\down both victims and offenders, a British conference heard on\Wednesday.
SA drops WMD violations charges Nuclear trafficking charges against the owner of a South African engineering plant are dropped.
Guantanamo prisoner to be freed A tribunal rules for the first time that a prisoner held at Guantanamo Bay should be freed.
Wall Street star Quattrone jailed Frank Quattrone, once one of Wall Street's most celebrated bankers, is jailed for obstruction of justice.
Reporters on the Job  You Say You Want a Revolution? Staff writer Howard LaFranchi was back in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City neighborhood Wednesday (see story) where he worked during a reporting stint in Iraq last fall.
Space Probe Fails to Deploy Chute, Slams into Earth (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, UTAH \  -- A NASA spacecraft spun out of control and crashed into the Utah desert this \  morning, putting a disastrous end to a years-long mission to bring back samples \  of the Sun.
Cubesats: Tiny Spacecraft, Huge Payoffs (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - LOGAN, UTAH -- Experts say \  the big news in spacecraft building involves ultra-small CubeSats.
New batteries aid climate battle \A new generation of rechargeable lithium batteries could reduce global warming, a leading expert says.
Kerry, Sharpening Criticism of Bush, Lists Costs of Iraq War John Kerry said today that because of poor administration planning the war had cost taxpayers \$200 billion.
Fed Chief Hints at More Interest Rate Rises Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan said today that economic expansion had "regained some traction," and suggested that the central bank would stick to its plan of gradually raising interest rates.
Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained \$200 billion in needed resources at home...
Stocks Drop After Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Investors adopted a wait-and-see attitude on the economy, despite Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's improved assessment, and bid stocks modestly lower Wednesday as Wall Street waits for better economic and earnings news.    While Greenspan said the economy has "regained some traction" after the summer's slowdown, investors looked past his congressional testimony, focusing instead on uncertainty about the health of the economy, third-quarter earnings pre-announcements and fiscal policy...
Genesis Space Capsule Crashes in Utah DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah - The Genesis space capsule, which had orbited the sun for three years gathering potential clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to Earth and cracked open Wednesday, exposing its collection of solar atoms to contamination.    Flight engineers suspect a set of tiny explosives failed to trigger the capsule's parachutes, and the capsule slammed into the Utah desert at 193 mph...
At Least Nine Killed by Hurricane Ivan ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan made a direct hit on Grenada with ferocious winds, causing "incalculable damage" and killing at least nine people as it turned concrete homes into rubble and hurled hundreds of the island's landmark red zinc roofs through the air, officials said Wednesday...
Eagles Extend Coach's Contract Four Years PHILADELPHIA - Andy Reid sold hot dogs to supplement his income as an assistant coach at San Francisco State 20 years ago.    Reid can afford to buy out that hot dog vendor now...
Bush Visits Fla., Gives \$2B in Relief Aid FORT PIERCE, Fla. - President Bush on Wednesday helped distribute bottled water, bags of ice, food and \$2 billion in federal aid to hurricane-battered residents of this vital electoral state...
Bacall Balks After Kidman Called 'Legend' LONDON - How old is a movie legend? Definitely older than 37-year-old Nicole Kidman, according to screen veteran Lauren Bacall. Bacall became irritated during an interview with Britain's GMTV Wednesday when the younger actress was described as "a legend."  "She's not a legend," Bacall said, cutting off interviewer Jenni Falconer in mid-sentence...
Astros Beat Reds 5-2 for 12th Straight Win Roger Clemens got his 326th win to tie Eddie Plank for 11th on the career list, and the Houston Astros hit four first-inning home runs to beat the Cincinnati Reds 5-2 Wednesday and tie a team record with their 12th straight win.
Browns' Winslow Buys Dad's Jersey Number Kellen Winslow Jr. already had his Hall of Fame father's soft hands. Now he's got his number, too.
Russia Offers Bounty for Chechen Rebels Russia's top general threatened on Wednesday to attack "terrorist bases" anywhere in the world, as security services put a \$10 million bounty on two Chechen rebels they blame for last week's school siege.
Musharraf takes Blair into confidence LONDON: President General Pervez Musharraf has succeeded in persuading British Prime Minister Tony Blair about the severity of Kashmir and Palestine disputes.
Intel looks to fend off AMD with new 2006 chipset &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Blackford confirmed
&lt;em&gt;Register&lt;/em&gt; accused of publishing lies! &lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; A small, but perfectly formed, flame
Microsoft Puts Fingerprint Readers Into Hardware  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  unveiled a new array of keyboard and mice, with some featuring  built-in fingerprint readers to make it easier for users to log  on to personal computers and Web sites.
House Panel OKs Copyright, Spyware Bills  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hackers who secretly install  "spyware" on others' computers and Internet users who copy  movies and music without permission could face up to three  years in prison under bills that advanced in Congress on  Wednesday.
Panel Moves Against Spyware, Net Piracy People who illegally share copyrighted music and movies over the Internet could be jailed for up to five years under a bill approved by a powerful congressional panel Wednesday.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Cystic fibrosis stem cells made \The first human stem cell line with the mutation for cystic fibrosis (CF) has been developed by UK researchers.
U.S. Faces Growing Feral Cat Problem Millions of feral cats #151;domestic animals that have become wild #151;are said to be running free throughout the U.S., threatening birds and public health.
Poachers Target Musk Deer for Perfumes, Medicines Musk has been used in perfume and traditional remedies for 5,000 years. But now the deer that secretes the valuable substance is becoming threatened across its range.
Motions in Nearby Galaxy Cluster Reveal Hidden Superstructure Chandra X-Ray Observatory -- A nearby galaxy cluster is facing an intergalactic headwind as it is pulled by an underlying superstructure of dark matter, according to new evidence from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory.     Astronomers think that most of the matter in the universe is concentrated in long large filaments of dark matter and that galaxy clusters are formed where these filaments intersect...
Stocks Lower After Greenspan Testimony Investors focused instead on uncertainty about the health of the economy, third-quarter earnings pre-announcements, and fiscal policy.
Ex-Banker Quattrone Gets 18 Months Prison Former investment banker Frank Quattrone was sentenced on Wednesday to 18 months in prison, two months more than the harshest recommended penalty, for obstructing probes 
Consumer Borrowing Jumps by 6.4 Percent Consumers stepped up their borrowing in July by the largest amount since the beginning of the year, the Federal Reserve reported Wednesday.
Cullen makes monetary gaffe Finance Minister Michael Cullen has made an embarrassing gaffe by apparently announcing the Reserve Bank #39;s decision to raise interest rates a day early.
Genesis capsule carrying solar dust crashes WASHINGTON : NASA #39;s Genesis capsule slammed into the Utah desert after its parachutes failed, leaving scientists unsure if they could retrieve the bits of solar dust captured on its three-year mission.
Nokia 9300 QWERTY Communicator The Nokia 9300 is a high-end smartphone for business users, it runs on the Symbian Series 80 OS and has a full sized QWERTY keyboard waiting to be flipped open.
Teenager indicted over Sasser computer worm Verden - German prosecutors on Wednesday indicted an 18-year-old student on suspicion of creating the Sasser computer worm that paralysed millions of computers around the world last year.
Del Piero recalled for Italy Azzurri manager Marcelo Lippi has confirmed that Alessandro del Piero is one of five new faces to face Moldova in the World Cup qualifier in Chisinau.
Three red cards in Cardiff The Ulstermen finished the match with nine men while the Welsh, who fought back from 2-0 down, had 10 on the field. The match exploded after just nine minutes when both teams were reduced to 10 men.
Europe: Vieira sent off: wins for England, Italy England lifted the pressure off the shoulders of coach Sven-Goran Eriksson on Wednesday after a 2-1 World Cup qualifying victory over Poland.
US demands Iran suspend all enrichment-related activities The United States reiterated on Wednesday its demand that Iran must suspend all enrichment-related activities. Boucher claimed that Iran #39;s latest promises to suspend some 
Flood threat in China not over yet China #39;s Sichuan province faced the threat of epidemics after the worst flooding in a century killed at least 172 people and left scores missing, while water levels at the huge Three Gorges Dam swelled.
US analyst testifies on Bosnian war as a Milosevic defense witness A former US policy analyst, testifying for the defense at Slobodan Milosevic #39;s war crimes trial Wednesday, said part of the groundwork 
Briefly: Dolby, Intel sound off for developers roundup Plus: AOL updates Instant Messenger...Push-to-talk wiretaps on feds' speed list...Tellabs scales back AFC buy...Top McAfee exec to step down.
Czech out this Microsoft Office alternative Software602 updates its productivity package, which started as a creation of Czech hobbyists.
US stocks remain lower after Greenspan #39;s comment Wall Street stocks ended mostly lower Wednesday as investors adopted a wait-and-see approach on the economy, despite Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s bullish assessment on the economy.
Florida storms cutting a wide economic path Hurricane Frances may have almost doubled the estimated recovery cost for Florida as relief officials gear up to deal with 
NZ Dollar Gains, Bonds Fall After Central Bank Raises Rates New Zealand #39;s dollar rose and bonds fell after the central bank raised the nation #39;s benchmark interest rate for a fifth time and signaled it may boost rates again to curb inflation.
California Joins Suit Against E-Voting Vendor Diebold The state of California has dropped a criminal investigation into the company that sold it electronic voting machines but instead will join an existing lawsuit charging that the company made 
XP SP2 Deadline Extended Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has pushed back the deadline for the complete delivery of its Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) to April 2005.
ENGLAND: Tradition is the key In utterly predictable fashion, the tabloid media and internet forums across Britain are ablaze with calls for Svens head in the wake of the 2-2 draw with Austria in Englands opening qualifier for World Cup 2006.
At IDF: iMac look-alikes and monitors as hats All-in-one machine at Intel confab bears resemblance to new Apple PC. Also: High-tech sandwich boards?
Top Iraqi Official Abducted BAGHDAD, 9 September 2004 - US forces killed at least six Iraqis in the insurgent bastion of Fallujah yesterday as the kidnapping of two Italian aid workers in central Baghdad spurred foreign charity staff to consider leaving Iraq.
Despite IDF operation, Qassams hit Sderot Seven Qassam rockets landed in the western Negev yesterday although the Israel Defense Forces had earlier moved a large contingent of troops into the northern Gaza Strip to prevent the firing of Qassams on Sderot.
Intel demos dual core, uncorks Napa Chipmaker's multiprocessing technology makes its stage debut, and Intel looks to its next take on Centrino.
Intel marketing exec headed for Cadence Ajay Malhotra was lured to Cadence by the firm's CEO, an Intel alumnus, sources say.
Steve Jobs back at Apple After cancer surgery, the chief executive hits meetings, with plans to return to full-time work later this month.
Study: Spammers use e-mail ID to gain legitimacy Spammers are a key adopter of a technology meant, in part, to fight spam.
T-Mobile tries on start-up's wireless gear Flarion Technologies is making its European debut by powering T-Mobile's wireless broadband service in The Hague.
Dolby, Intel sound off for developers Companies plan tools for improving high-end audio for PCs with Intel inside.
High-tech feng shui After stumbling in its efforts to diversify, Lenovo is returning to its core PC business, its chairman tells Wharton.
Astros Beat Reds 5-2 for 12th Straight Win (AP) AP - Roger Clemens got his 326th win to tie Eddie Plank for 11th on the career list, and the Houston Astros hit four first-inning home runs to beat the Cincinnati Reds 5-2 Wednesday and tie a team record with their 12th straight win.
World Wants Bush Out of the White House: Poll (Reuters) Reuters - The world wants President Bush out\of the White House, according to a poll released on Wednesday\that shows in 30 of 35 countries people preferred Democrat\candidate John Kerry.
Microsoft Puts Fingerprint Readers Into Hardware (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on Wednesday\unveiled a new array of keyboard and mice, with some featuring\built-in fingerprint readers to make it easier for users to log\on to personal computers and Web sites.
Ex-Banker Quattrone Gets 18 Months Prison (Reuters) Reuters - Former investment banker Frank\Quattrone was sentenced on Wednesday to 18 months in prison,\two months more than the harshest recommended penalty, for\obstructing probes into suspected kickbacks involving some of\the hottest stock offerings of the 1990s.
U.S. Sees No Immediate Push for Sanctions on Iran (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration does not\plan to seek immediate sanctions against Tehran even if it\succeeds in getting Iran's nuclear program referred to the U.N.\Security Council, U.S. officials said on Wednesday.
Facing pressure, ISP Savvis moves to cut off spammers Savvis Communications, one of the world's largest ISPs, said it is terminating service to about 40 of its customers who have been using its networks for spamming purposes.
Hurricane Ivan Kills 20 in Grenada, Heads West (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Ivan killed at least 20 people\as it laid waste to the tiny spice island of Grenada, officials\said on Wednesday as the storm swept through the Caribbean\heading west.
NBA: New Jersey 88, Toronto 86 Richard Jefferson, who scored 26 points, hit a jumper with seven seconds left Monday to give the New Jersey Nets an 88-86 win over the Toronto Raptors.
Rockets Trade With Bulls for Mutombo (AP) AP - Hoping to find the rugged low post presence they've been sorely lacking, the Houston Rockets acquired veteran center Dikembe Mutombo in a trade with the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday.
Sybase releases free Express database for Linux The company is releasing its new ASE Express Edition for free in hopes of attracting customers who will later upgrade to Sybase's ASE Small Business Edition.
New York Knicks Sign Bruno Sundov (AP) AP - The New York Knicks signed center Bruno Sundov on Wednesday.
REVIEW: Microsoft Print Reader Delivers (AP) AP - Spend time online and odds are you'll have to type a username and password to check your e-mail, access your bank account or read a newspaper story.
HDS unveils TagmaStore array Hitachi Data Systems has unveiled its TagmaStore Universal Storage System, a series of three arrays based on a switched architecture that can scale to 332TB of internal storage and manage up to 32 petabytes of external storage.
Women Make Small Inroads in Game Industry (AP) AP - Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video game making.
Texas Instruments Trims Revenue Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - Texas Instruments Inc. ,\the largest maker of chips for cell phones, trimmed its\third-quarter revenue outlook on Wednesday as customers worked\off inventories of unsold chips, making it the second major\chip supplier to pare third-quarter expectations.
ITAA: IT job growth to slow for rest of 2004 Despite a 2 increase in IT employment early in the year, IT job growth for the rest of 2004 is expected to be slow, according to the Information Technology Association of America.
Singh voted PGA player of the year Vijay Singh is not satisfied. After dominating the PGA Tour this year the way Tiger Woods used to do it, the Fiji native wants more.
Unisys Gets Deeper into Linux, Joins Red Hat Partner Community (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Linux software company Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT) has entered a partnership with Unisys (NYSE: UIS), maker of high-end servers. The alliance will allow Unisys to offer a more tightly integrated server package comprising hardware, software and the services to support it.
Ware May Be Georgia's Next Herschel Walker (AP) AP - Tailback U. is back in business. Third-ranked Georgia has found the guy who might just take his place alongside Herschel Walker, Garrison Hearst, Rodney Hampton and Terrell Davis  #151; a proud heritage of running backs that seemed about as real as Greek mythology a year ago.
Keeping the Open-Source Spirit Alive in a Commercial World (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - In theory, the open-source concept is simple, elegant, almost utopian: thousands of developers contributing their skills to continually improve and refine a piece of software for the common good.
Consumer Borrowing Jumps by 6.4 Percent (AP) AP - Consumers stepped up their borrowing in July by the largest amount since the beginning of the year, the Federal Reserve reported Wednesday.
For Wall Street, 9/11 lessons three years in the making Wall Street executives today outlined a number of security and business continuity efforts they have undertaken since Sept. 11, 2001, to withstand future terrorist attacks.
Riley Becomes Father Ahead of Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Riley, who tied for fourth at the PGA Championship to earn a spot on his first Ryder Cup team, became a first-time father late last week when his wife gave birth to a girl.
Nokia Offers Slimmed-Down 9300 Communicator (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Nokia (NYSE: NOK) is targeting enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, slimmed-down version of its 9300 Communicator \smartphone, which will be launched worldwide at the beginning of 2004.
Search half-finished at Saskatchewan reserve, still no clues to Tamra's fate (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BALGONIE, Sask. (CP) - Police combing a Saskatchewan reserve  said Wednesday they've covered about half of the search area without finding any clues to the fate of a young Regina girl missing for two months.
SugarCRM sweetens new open-source CRM product Open-source software start-up SugarCRM Inc. tomorrow will release Sugar Sales Professional 1.5, the first commercial enterprise version of its Linux-based open-source CRM application.
RadioShack Announces 3-Year Growth Plan (AP) AP - Electronics retailer RadioShack Corp. announced a three-year growth plan Wednesday that it said should increase earnings per share up to 21 percent and includes a stock repurchase program up to  #36;250 million.
Celtics' Broadcaster Taken to Hospital (AP) AP - Celtics longtime play-by-play television broadcaster Mike Gorman was taken to the hospital Monday night at halftime of Boston's game against Golden State with complaints of stomach cramps.
Cisco plans to accelerate new product offerings Cisco Systems CEO John Chambers said today that his company plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever before.
Microsoft offers more time to test XP Service Pack 2 Faced with concerns from IT professionals, Microsoft Corp. gave users more time to prepare for Windows XP Service Pack 2 by doubling the time a special registry key will prevent PCs from automatically downloading and installing the mammoth update.
Intel silent on Jayhawk chip replacement Intel Corp. yesterday offered a few more details about its plans for enterprise server processors but was silent on its plans for an upcoming dual-core Xeon processor.
Leaked memos link spammers to ISP Savvis Internal e-mail messages from Savvis Communications Corp. have surfaced on the Internet that show that the St. Louis-based ISP (Internet service provider) catered to online e-mail marketing companies it suspected of sending out unsolicited commercial ("spam") e-mail, even using "subversive business methods" to help spammers stay online after their Internet address was blacklisted.
Intel unveils Yonah dual-core mobile chip SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. outlined its plans for a dual-core mobile processor and platform technology Wednesday, but declined to provide any details about the dual-core future of its flagship Pentium 4 desktop processor.
World Wants Bush Out of the White House: Poll  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The world wants President Bush out  of the White House, according to a poll released on Wednesday  that shows in 30 of 35 countries people preferred Democrat  candidate John Kerry.
ITAA sees limited IT job growth in '04 The number of U.S. IT jobs increased by just 2 percent between the first quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004, and demand for IT workers is expected to slow during the rest of the year, according to a survey released Wednesday by the Information Technology Association of America (ITAA).
Brazil wins double trade victory The World Trade Organisation backs Brazilian complaints against US cotton subsidies and EU support for sugar producers.
Frank #39;s Nursery and Crafts Closing Frank #39;s Nursery and Crafts announced today it will close all 169 of its stores later this year, including three here in Toledo.
Update 1: Judge Backs Owens Corning on Exec Bonuses Owens Corning was well within its rights to offer its top executives bonuses to keep them from leaving the bankrupt corporation, a judge said Wednesday.
Mortgage rates at Canadian banks headed higher after Bank of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Canada #39;s big banks are increasing mortgage rates following a decision by the Bank of Canada to raise its overnight rate by one-quarter of a percentage point to 2.25 per cent.
Also from this section This is the moment that the painstaking research from a three-year, \$250m (140m) mission in space crashed headlong to Earth. The cargo - weighing only as much as a few 
Nokia picks BlackBerry for Series 80 upgrade Nokia said on Tuesday that it plans to enhance its Series 80 line so that the mobile devices come preloaded with BlackBerry software from Research In Motion.
Hitachi spruiks new storage line HITACHI Data Systems is pushing visualisation as a key selling point of its new TagmaStore line, marketing the release as masking the  quot;management complexity quot; of multiple storage systems.
Moldavia-Italy 0-1: Its Payback Time For Del Piero Del Piero finally lives up to the expectations and puts Italy top of the group. Six points were what Marcello Lippi wanted but it wasnt at easy as it looks for the azzurri because only with a goal by Toni 
Savage  quot;Gutted quot; after Red Card Robbie Savage claimed the first red card of his life was an absolute joke after the dramatic World Cup clash with Northern Ireland in Cardiff.
FOOTBALL LIVE REPORTS Scotland #39;s World Cup qualification campaign began disappointingly as they were held to a goalless Hampden Park draw by Slovenia.
Marlins sign pitcher David Weathers to bolster staff for playoff &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Florida Marlins signed free-agent pitcher David Weathers on Wednesday in an attempt to strengthen their bullpen for a run at the National League wild card.
Roddick, Fish to lead US against Belarus Flushing Meadows, NY (Sports Network) - When the United States meets Belarus in their Davis Cup semifinal later this month, former world No.
Intel's Dual-Core Chips Debut Company outlines plans for Yonah notebook processor, demonstrates desktop chip.
13 dead, nine injured in Turkish mine tunnel fire ANKARA (AFP) - Thirteen workers were killed and nine were injured Wednesday in a massive blaze in a tunnel under construction at a copper mine in northern Turkey, the construction company said.
News: House Panel Moves to Criminalize Spyware, Net Piracy People who illegally share copyrighted music and movies over the Internet could be jailed for up to five years under a bill approved by a powerful\congressional panel today.\
NASA Says Fixing Space Shuttle Fleet Could Top \$2 Billion WASHINGTON (AP) -- NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all the problems with the space shuttle fleet could top \$2.2 billion - double the estimated price tag given to Congress a year ago.    O'Keefe, testifying before the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, was pressed on whether that estimate again could rise...
Stock rally hits a bump Oil-supply concerns and broker downgrades of blue-chip companies left stocks mixed yesterday, raising doubts that Wall Street #39;s year-end rally would continue.
FAO Schwarz Takes High Road for Survival (Reuters) Reuters - Posh toy seller FAO Schwarz, forced\into bankruptcy after a price war with discount giants like\Wal-Mart, hopes offerings like a  #36;12,000 treehouse will lure\the penthouse-dwelling customers it is counting on for its\revival.
Mayan Indians End Guatemalan Dam Seizure  PUEBLO VIEJO, Guatemala (Reuters) - Mayan Indians ended a  siege of Guatemala's largest dam on Wednesday after the  government agreed to consider demands they be compensated for  land and lives lost in massacres when it was built.
EU vows to fight Aids epidemic The European Union says it will to redouble its efforts to avert an epidemic of HIV/Aids across Europe.
Hollywood Reporter Hails 100-Episode Mark LOS ANGELES - Counting to 100 used to be so much easier for TV producers. The Hollywood Reporter is dedicating a 108-page issue Thursday to explore TV programs that have reached that benchmark, which determines whether the show will live on in syndication heaven after its network run...
Verizon sells Canadian directory operations Verizon Communications Inc. said today it has signed a deal to sell its Canadian directory operations to investment firm Bain Capital in a deal worth \$1.
Scientists left to pick up the pieces over the \$250m can that fell &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Stunned British and American scientists watched a seven-year dream fall to Earth yesterday at 150mph, potentially smashing the fruits of a \$250m mission.
House Panel Moves to Criminalize Spyware, Net Piracy People who illegally share copyrighted music and movies over the Internet could be jailed for up to five years under a bill approved by a powerful congressional panel today.
Tennis: Federer still on tap for night session at rain-plagued US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK : Heavy rain disrupted play on the 10th day of the US Open, but organizers were still hoping to salvage at least some of the night session, said US Tennis Association chief executive of pro tennis Arlen Kantarian.
Rain Threatens US Open Wash-Out Heavy rain threatened to wash out day 10 of the US Open on Wednesday, although tournament officials were still hopeful of some play later.
NFL, ABC Cover Their Butts Hoping to avoid a repeat of Janet Jackson #39;s infamous wardrobe malfunction during last February #39;s MTV-produced Super Bowl halftime show, the NFL and ABC are exercising extra caution when it comes to airing their latest all-star event.
Terrorists at work: video shows gym being wired This is the horror captured on video of the more than 1000 hostages inside the Russian school before it was turned into a bloodbath last week.
EUs Verheugen Calls for More Kurdish Rights in Turkey DIYARBAKIR, Turkey -- Visiting the southeast Turkish region of Diyarbakir on Tuesday (7 September), EU Enlargement Commissioner Guenter Verheugen urged the government to grant more social and cultural rights to Kurds.
Health Highlights: Sept. 8, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----       Clinton Out of Intensive Care       Former President Bill Clinton was moved from intensive care to a hospital room Wednesday as he continued his recovery from quadruple bypass surgery at New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia in New York City.      A statement issued by Clinton's office said the 58-year-old former president walked with assistance, sat up in bed and sat in a chair, the Associated Press reported...
U.S. Agencies Told to Share Earth Data WASHINGTON (AP) -- The White House on Wednesday told 15 federal agencies to better share scientific data about the Earth among themselves and with other nations.    The administration's draft plan for the next 10 years requires the agencies to identify ways they can help create a global system for observing the planet...
Delta to Lay Off 7,000 The friendly skies aren #39;t so friendly to some Delta employees. The airline plans to cut 7,000 jobs in the next 18 months. It #39;s trying to save \$5 billion by 2006, and that means some major changes.
Three sent off before Earnshaw saves Wales The hopes of either Wales or Northern Ireland enjoying a German excursion in the summer of 2006 were dealt another blow on an extraordinary night in the Millennium Stadium.
Kashmir difficult issue, says Powell WASHINGTON: US Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday that the Kashmir issue was complicated and would take time to resolve.
Blair ally handed key role in British cabinet reshuffle (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair reshuffled his cabinet, bringing back a key ally to lead Labour's campaigning ahead of a general election, expected in Spring 2005.
Powell to say Thursday if Darfur deaths are genocide (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell will tell a Senate panel whether the United States believes genocide is being committed in the western Sudanese region of Darfur, the State Department said.
Ex-WorldCom CEO Wants Witness Immunity  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lawyers for former WorldCom  Chief  Executive Bernard Ebbers are seeking immunity for two witnesses  who they believe could clear their client of fraud charges  related to the company's \$11 billion accounting scandal,  according to court papers filed on Wednesday.
AdWatch: Kerry Accuses Bush on Iraq Money (AP) AP - Details of new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, that began airing Wednesday.
Study Shows Dirty Air Lowers Lung Capacity By LINDA A. JOHNSON    (AP) -- New research shows that teenagers who grow up in heavy air pollution have reduced lung capacity, putting them at risk for illness and premature death as adults...
Hurricanes Bring Environmental Renewal By RACHEL LA CORTE    MIAMI (AP) -- Along with their destructive force, hurricanes can have beneficial effects as part of the rhythm of nature. Storms that erode beaches, uproot trees and flatten wildlife habitats may also refresh waterways, revive dry areas and bulk up barrier islands with redistributed sand...
Sasser Worm Creator Charged With Sabotage BERLIN (AP) -- A German teenager who authorities say confessed to creating the Sasser computer worm in May has been charged with computer sabotage.    Sven Jaschan, 18, was arrested after telling officials he originally wanted to create a virus, Netsky, to automatically removed two other viruses, Mydoom and Bagle, from infected computers...
BA selling stake in Qantas SYDNEY: British Airways said it will sell its entire 18.25 stake in Australia #39;s Qantas Airways in a move seen as likely to fuel a major realignment of airline alliances.
ING Names Business Units in Trade Woes ING Groep NV has disclosed new details of trading improprieties in its mutual funds and variable-insurance products, but research firm Morningstar Inc.
Microsoft Doubles Delay Period for XP SP2 Tool Microsoft this week updated an administrative tool for delaying Automatic Update and Windows Update rollouts of Windows XP Service Pack 2 from four months to eight months.
Savvis cancels spammers #39; accounts Web hosting and connectivity company Savvis Communications on Wednesday confirmed that it has canceled about 40 accounts from businesses that were earmarked as spammers.
Turks hold Greece to goalless draw in World Cup qualifying Turkey held European champion Greece to a goalless draw Wednesday in a World Cup qualifier. The result left Ukraine and Georgia atop the group with four points each, two ahead of Turkey and three better than Greece.
Scotland Must Accept Point After thirty games in charge Berti Vogts has not yet managed to take his win tally into double figures. The German has been under severe pressure in recent weeks after a humiliating drubbing from Hungary but 
US circulates Sudan draft resolution The United States has circulated a draft UN resolution that would back a beefed-up monitoring force for Sudan #39;s conflict-wracked Darfur region and threaten punitive action against the country #39;s oil exports if the government does not act quickly to stop 
House OK's Disclosure of Pension Info  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on  Wednesday voted to allow workers and retirees to find out from  a federal agency just how severe the shortfalls are in their  companies' pension plans.
Barnes Upset About Helping Bush Avoid War (AP) AP - Former Texas House Speaker Ben Barnes' recollections over how he helped President Bush get into the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War have evolved over the years from fuzzy to distinct, with him now expressing remorse for what he did.
GOP House Leaders Confident of Tax Cuts (AP) AP - Republican House leaders expressed confidence Wednesday that they will be able to extend three popular tax cuts that are set to expire at the end of this year.
Falcons' Brooking Hoping to Play in Opener (AP) AP - Pro Bowl linebacker Keith Brooking hopes to play in the Atlanta Falcons' season opener, even though a sore hamstring kept him from practicing Wednesday.
Powell Leans Toward Genocide Finding in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell is\leaning toward a determination that the violence in the western\Sudan region of Darfur constitutes genocide, Bush\administration officials said on Wednesday.
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Sept. 8, 1,005 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of military operations in Iraq in March 2003, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 759 died as a result of hostile action and 246 died of non-hostile causes. The figures include three military civilians.
Hurricane Ivan Kills 12 in Grenada (AP) AP - The most powerful hurricane to hit Grenada in nearly a decade killed at least 12 people, damaged 90 percent of its homes and destroyed a prison, leaving criminals on the loose, officials said Wednesday. American students took precautions against looters.
UN council mulls Sudan resolution, US to speak on genocide (AFP) AFP - The UN Security Council was to discuss a new US draft resolution aimed at tightening the pressure on Sudan over the crisis in Darfur, including possible sanctions on its oil sector.
Watchdog slams human rights violations in Hong Kong ahead of polls (AFP) AFP - China has created a  quot;toxic political climate quot; in Hong Kong through threats and intimidation designed to skew Sunday's elections in favour of pro-Beijing candidates, a global rights watchdog said.
Weather Washes Out Tampa Bay-Yankees Games (AP) AP - Hurricane Frances is still messing up the major league baseball schedule.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower; Dollar Down Aga (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened slightly lower Thursday following Wall Street's losses. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
BA cuts debt with Qantas sale British Airways yesterday moved to cut its massive debt and prepare for acquisitions when it raised 425m by selling its stake in Australia #39;s Qantas Airways.
Delta Air Lines to cut 7,000 jobs NEW YORK, USA (AFP) - Delta Air Lines announced an aggressive restructuring plan yesterday that would cut 6,000 to 7,000 jobs and slash costs, while warning that bankruptcy remains  quot;a real possibility quot;.
Fed Chief Sees More Traction in Expansion Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, said on Wednesday that the economic expansion had  quot;regained some traction quot; after the slowdown this summer and 
BA merger with Iberia steps closer after 425m Qantas sale A merger between British Airways and the Spanish airline Iberia moved closer yesterday after BA raised 425m by selling its stake in Australia #39;s national carrier Qantas 
Ex-Wall Street Banker Sentenced in Federal Obstruction Case rank P. Quattrone, the Wall Street banker whose pay and deals made him a vivid symbol of the 1990 #39;s technology boom, was sentenced to 18 months in prison yesterday for obstructing a government 
Former Invesco chief agrees to \$500,000 penalty, industry ban to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; explanation of market-timing, further attorney comment. Picks up last graf. Also moving on general news wires. DENVER (AP) _ The former chief executive of Invesco Funds Group has agreed to pay \$500,000 to 
New Zealand lifts rates again New Zealand #39;s central bank has again moved to ease inflation pressures, raising its key interest rate by 0.25 percentage points to 6.25 percent -- a level last seen in March 2001.
WPP and Havas in Grey Global chase French advertising group Havas said last night it would bid for US rival Grey Global, joining expected bids from the UK #39;s WPP and an American buyout firm.
Irish pubs ban and German tax take toll of Gallaher Gallaher Group, which makes Silk Cut and Benson  amp; Hedges cigarettes, yesterday announced a small rise in profits for the first half of the year but said it was facing tough trading outside Britain, especially in Germany and Ireland.
Perle says Hollinger bosses misled him Former Pentagon policy adviser Richard Perle yesterday moved to distance himself from the disgraced former Telegraph owner Conrad Black and the 220m alleged looting scandal that has engulfed Hollinger International.
Intel demos dual-core chip at IDF Intel kicked off its Intel Developer Forum (IDF) this week with a keynote speech from Paul Otellini, President, Intel Corp. Otellini said, PC industry is about to go through a major change in the way client 
Two decades of DNA fingerprints The breakthrough was made accidentally by Professor Sir Alec Jeffreys at the city #39;s university on 10 September 1984. Since then, the technique has been used to trap criminals, identify victims of war, settle 
Microsoft confident XP update will baffle hackers He said his company #39;s Windows XP operating system update, launched last month by Bill Gates, was the  quot;first big line we have drawn in the sand quot; to combat security breaches and spam.
Laser Printer Recall If you own a Dell, Lexmark, or IBM laser printer there is a recall you need to know about. The printers could short-circuit and cause an electric shock.
Microsoft Introduces Fingerprint Recognition Microsoft rolled out an updated line of input devices, including its first fingerprint-recognition products. A mouse and keyboard with built-in fingerprint readers, along with a stand-alone reader 
Fly-eating robot takes first slow steps towards danger zone A PREDATORY robot devised by British scientists could generate its own energy by catching and digesting flies. Called EcoBot II, the creation is part of a drive to make  quot;forget and release quot; robots that could 
Hitachi strikes new direction with Lightning 8 Sep 2004, 18:44 GMT - Hitachi this week laid a unique bet on storage virtualization with the launch of the latest version of its flagship Lightning disk array.
Sony to sell big-screen LCD projection TVs in China Global electronics giant Sony will launch its popular projection televisions with large LCD screens in China early next year, a company official said on Wednesday.
Controversial Microsoft security plan heads for Longhorn SAN FRANCISCO--Microsoft continues to tweak a controversial architecture for securing PCs but still plans to include the feature in Longhorn, the next release of Windows.
Tennis Needs Instant Replay Blame a chair umpire named Mariana Alves for professional tennis going to the use of instant replay, because it #39;s coming. When you screw up as badly as Alves did Tuesday night at the US Open 
England pull Eriksson out of the fire The slender nature of the score will give broad satisfaction. Even if England were pegged back to 1-1 for a while in this World Cup qualifier, the mental stamina lacking since Euro 2004 was recovered in Chorzow 
Mission Accomplished! MAPLEWOOD, NEW JERSEY ---There is a new number one in the land and the name is Vijay Singh. The quest, which began last year was finally realized by Singh when he out dueled Tiger by three strokes to win the Deutsche Bank Championship.
UPDATE 1-Del Piero ends goal drought as Italy win again Alessandro Del Piero scored his first goal for Italy in over a year as Marcello Lippi #39;s side picked up their second straight success with a 1-0 victory over Moldova in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
American League Game Summary - Minnesota At Baltimore Baltimore, MD -- Johan Santana fired seven shutout innings as Minnesota won the rubber match of a three-game series with Baltimore, 9-0 at Camden Yards.
ABC Opts for Delayed Gratification Thanks to the controversial Super Bowl halftime show seven months ago, the NFL #39;s preseason kickoff show tonight will be live for everyone but television viewers.
T-Mobile Tries Out Flarion Mobile-Broadband Data System Mobile Carrier T-Mobile is testing Flarion Technologies #39; Flash-OFDM mobile broadband technology in The Hague, the Netherlands.
Spammers Using Authentication To Dodge Detection com. Spammers are trying to make their junk mail look more legit by adopting the same technologies intended to stem their message tsunamis, said a filtering firm Wednesday.
AJK leaders meet Kashmir committee: Shift in Kashmir policy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD: Azad Jammu and Kashmir leaders feel that there has been an ideological shift in Pakistans Kashmir policy because Pakistan is involved in dialogue with India without a 
Hong Kong Legislative Election to Test Pro-Democracy Sentiment Hong Kong voters go to the polls Sunday to elect legislators with limited powers, in balloting that may test the strength of the city #39;s pro-democracy movement.
Malaysia #39;s Anwar Confident of Courts Malaysia #39;s former deputy leader said Wednesday he is confident of victory when his country #39;s highest court reconsiders his conviction on corruption charges, arguing that his opponents have no case.
Typhoon subsides after killing at least 31 The death toll from Typhoon Songda rose to 31 Wednesday, with at least 14 people still missing and more than 900 injured mainly in Hokkaido and western Japan.
Britain #39;s nuclear deadline for Iran Britain last night gave Iran two months to come clean about its nuclear programme and halt work on enrichment of uranium or face a demand for United Nations sanctions.
NASA hopes to recover Genesis capsule A parachute failed to open as NASA #39;s Genesis space capsule plunged back to Earth on Wednesday, causing it to take a tragic tumble from the heavens that buried it in the desert 
DNA fingerprinting  #39;no longer foolproof #39; The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA fingerprinting.
Eriksson: We learned from mistakes ENGLAND coach Sven-Goran Eriksson believes his players learned their lessons from the disappointing 2-2 draw in Austria at the weekend as they held on for a 2-1 victory over Poland in Chorzow, Katowice last night.
Sports: Padres 10 Cardinals 5 SAN DIEGO David Wells led San Diego past St. Louis this afternoon 10-to-5. He pitched seven strong innings and even drove in two runs as the Padres bolstered their wild card chances.
As Hong Kong Prepares for Election As Hong Kong wraps up a hotly contested legislative campaign, China #39;s presence looms large amid charges it marred the contest with dirty tricks while at the same time trying to woo voters with a charm offensive.
DNA Fingerprint Discoverer Has Concerns LEICESTER, England Sept. 8, 2004 - One morning 20 years ago, Alec Jeffreys stumbled upon DNA fingerprinting, identifying the patterns of genetic material that are unique to almost every individual.
Spammers embrace email authentication Spammers have adopted a new standard for email authentication much faster than legitimate emailers, according to a study from security appliance firm CipherTrust published this week.
Qantas Says British Airways Sold Stake Qantas said Thursday that British Airways has sold its 18.25 percent stake in the Australian carrier at 3.28 Australian dollars (US\$2.
AFC Enterprises to sell Cinnabon to Roark Capital AFC Enterprises Inc. plans to sell its Cinnabon subsidiary to Focus Brands Inc., an affiliate of Roark Capital Group, for \$30.3 million.
Bertelsmann 1st-Half Profit Jumps on TV, Music Units (Update2) Bertelsmann AG, whose Random House unit publishes The Da Vinci Code #39; #39; and Bill Clinton #39;s autobiography, said first-half profit quadrupled as earnings improved at its television and music businesses.
FA explains player silence The Football Association has revealed England #39;s players refused to talk to the media after their win in Poland in protest at criticism aimed at them.
UN council mulls Sudan resolution, US to speak on genocide UNITED NATIONS : The UN Security Council was to discuss a new US draft resolution aimed at tightening the pressure on Sudan over the crisis in Darfur, including possible sanctions on its oil sector.
India-Pakistan launch  #39;group tourism #39; NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan yesterday opened up their countries to group tourism while announcing a series of high-level meetings and visits between officials to push forward the peace process over Kashmir.
Malaysian opponents have no case: Anwar Newly freed former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim has pressed his country #39;s highest court to overturn his last criminal conviction, saying his opponents have  quot;no case quot;.
Milosevic rejects trial defence lawyers Slobodan Milosevic refused to work with two court-appointed lawyers yesterday as they called the first witness in his war crimes defence case.
Space Probe Fails to Deploy Its Parachute and Crashes NASA #39;s \$264 million Genesis mission came to a sudden and violent end on Wednesday morning, when a capsule returning with samples of the Sun slammed into 
Europe gets first  #39;better than 3G #39; mobile trial AMSTERDAM: Europe #39;s second largest mobile carrier T-Mobile said yesterday it had started the continent #39;s first trial of US-based Flarion #39;s high-speed wireless internet in the Dutch city of The Hague.
Singh Makes It to Top And Is Hoping to Stay or the first time in his career, Vijay Singh will enter a golf tournament as the No. 1 player in the world. That status will not change his approach, however.
Roddick to play in Davis Cup semifinals Captain Patrick McEnroe announced Wednesday that Andy Roddick would be on the US Davis Cup team when it competes in the semifinals this month.
Hurricane Ivan Kills 20 in Grenada, Heads West (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Ivan killed at least 20 people\as it laid waste to the tiny spice island of Grenada, where\looting hampered relief efforts on Wednesday as the storm swept\through the Caribbean heading northwest.
Stocks, Dollar Slip, Oil Off, Gold Up (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks slipped on Wednesday as\Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, speaking before\Congress about the health of the economy, did little to quell\expectations for a rate hike later this month.
House OK's Disclosure of Pension Info (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Wednesday voted to allow workers and retirees to find out from\a federal agency just how severe the shortfalls are in their\companies' pension plans.
Twins Romp Past Orioles 9-0 (AP) AP - Johan Santana pitched seven innings of five-hit ball for his 10th straight victory, and Matt LeCroy homered to cap a seven-run second inning that carried the Minnesota Twins past the Baltimore Orioles 9-0 Wednesday night.
Marlins Stop Reeling Mets 3-0 (AP) AP - Josh Beckett pitched eight innings and blanked the New York Mets for his second start in a row, and the Florida Marlins matched a franchise record with their ninth consecutive victory, 3-0 on Wednesday night.
Russia Threatens to Strike Terror Bases (AP) AP - Russia's top general threatened on Wednesday to strike terrorists "in any region of the world," and the Kremlin offered a  #36;10 million reward for information leading to the killing or capture of Chechnya's top rebel leaders.
U.S. Jets Hit Insurgent Areas in Fallujah (AP) AP - U.S. jets pounded insurgent positions in Fallujah for a second straight day Wednesday, raising plumes of smoke but leaving no extensive damage or signs of weakening the Sunni militants who have steadily expanded their control of this city about 30 miles west of Baghdad.
Greenspan: Economy Regained Some Traction (AP) AP - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress on Wednesday that the economy has "regained some traction" after a lull in late spring, reinforcing expectations of higher interest rates during the final stretch of the presidential campaign.
A New-Age Reference (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - One of the Internet's more fascinating social experiments was born at a time when it seemed all the dot-coms were dying. Wikipedia, a free online encyclopedia started in January 2001, has since surprised Web watchers by maturing into a popular reference site.
Video Game Review: 'Political Machine' (AP) AP - Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine."
Former Invesco Chief Agrees to  #36;500G Fine (AP) AP - The former chief executive of Invesco Funds Group has agreed to pay  #36;500,000 to settle civil fraud charges relating to improper trading at the mutual funds company, his lawyer said Wednesday.
Royals-Tigers Game Postponed by Rain (AP) AP - Dee Brown will have to wait another day to face the Detroit Tigers.
Genesis Capsule Slams Into Utah Desert (AP) AP - A daring plan to have helicopters snag a space capsule as it plunged toward Earth went awry Wednesday when its parachutes failed to open and it slammed into the desert floor.
Kuznetsova Reaches First Grand Slam Semi  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Svetlana Kuznetsova squeezed past  fellow Russian Nadia Petrova 7-6, 6-3 at the U.S. Open on  Wednesday to reach her first grand slam semi-final.
NASA: Fixing Shuttle Fleet Could Top  #36;2B (AP) AP - NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all the problems with the space shuttle fleet could top  #36;2.2 billion  #151; double the estimated price tag given to Congress a year ago.
Rice shatters NFL yardage record CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Jerry Rice became the most prolific offensive player in NFL history on Monday night.
Davenport Storms Into Semi-Finals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former champion Lindsay Davenport  shrugged off an eight-and-a-half hour rain delay to breeze into  the semi-finals of the U.S. Open with a 6-1, 6-1 victory over  unseeded Japanese Shinobu Asagoe Wednesday.
DNA Fingerprint Discoverer Has Concerns (AP) AP - One morning 20 years ago, Alec Jeffreys stumbled upon DNA fingerprinting, identifying the patterns of genetic material that are unique to almost every individual. The discovery revolutionized everything from criminal investigations to family law.
Powell Leans Toward Genocide Finding in Darfur  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell is  leaning toward a determination that the violence in the western  Sudan region of Darfur constitutes genocide, Bush  administration officials said on Wednesday.
After Waiting a Long Time, Davenport Keeps It Short The weather played havoc with the U.S. Open schedule Wednesday, but it did not affect Lindsay Davenport, who rolled to a quarterfinal victory over Shinobu Asagoe.
Singh Makes It to Top and Is Hoping to Stay For the first time in his career, Vijay Singh will enter a tournament as the No. 1 player in the world golf ranking. That status will not change his approach, however.
Murali upset over awards Muttiah Muralitharan says he was ignored for the ICC's World Test  XI because of his bowling action.
Fed Chief Sees More Traction in Expansion Alan Greenspan said that the economic expansion had "regained some traction."
Delta Aims to Cut Jobs 12, Drop a Hub and Reduce Pay Delta Air Lines said it would cut 12 percent of its work force and said a bankruptcy filing was a real possibility."
An Elder Challenges Outsourcing's Orthodoxy Paul A. Samuelson, the Nobel Prize-winning economist, is dissenting from conventional wisdom on the benefits of globalization.
Oil Explorers Searching Ever More Remote Areas Western oil companies are running out of likely places to look, and significant finds are becoming rarer.
NFL Blocked From L.A. As with Washington-area efforts to land a baseball team, Los Angeles' quest for an NFL team spans years, and is hindered by an owner who feels he has rights to the market.
For 1,000 Troops, There Is No Going Home The roster of the dead in Iraq is a portrait of a military in transition, with ever-widening roles and costs for the country's part-time soldiers, women and Hispanics.
Effort to Renew Weapons Ban Falters on Hill Despite popular support, the federal law banning the sale of 19 kinds of semiautomatic assault weapons is almost certain to expire on Monday.
Since 9/11, Rich Arabs Again Frolic in Lebanon Lebanon, once a byword for terrorism, has turned into the destination of choice for wealthy families from the Mideast.
England, Italy, France Win England lifts the pressure off Coach Sven-Goran Eriksson with a 2-1 win at Poland in a World Cup qualifier Wednesday night, while Italy and France also get victories.
Davenport Easily Defeats Asagoe at Open NEW YORK - Lindsay Davenport is two victories from a second U.S. Open title and the No...
Hurricane Ivan Kills 12 in Grenada ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - The most powerful hurricane to hit Grenada in a decade killed at least 12 people, damaged 90 percent its homes and destroyed a prison, leaving criminals on the loose, officials said Wednesday...
Barnes Upset About Helping Bush Avoid War AUSTIN, Texas - Former Texas House Speaker Ben Barnes' recollections over how he helped President Bush get into the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War have evolved over the years from fuzzy to distinct, with him now expressing remorse for what he did.    Barnes, a Democrat who was one of the most powerful politicians in Texas in the '60s and '70s, said at an Austin campaign rally for Democrat John Kerry that he was "ashamed" for helping Bush and sons of other wealthy Texans avoid service in Vietnam...
Ebbers' Lawyers  Seek Immunity  For Witnesses Lawyers for the former WorldCom Inc. chief executive have asked a judge to force the government to grant two witnesses immunity from prosecution so they will testify on his behalf at an upcoming trial. &lt;br&gt; &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
A New-Age Reference Wikipedia has surprised Web watchers by growing fast and maturing into one of the most popular reference sites.
Executives Plan Online Memorial To 9/11 Victims Nonprofit group September's Mission set out to create an archival spot in cyberspace for mourners and scholars of the attacks.
Update 1: Brazil Wins Trade Battles Against US, EU Latin America #39;s agricultural giant won a pair of trade victories against farm subsidies for rich countries after the World Trade Organization agreed that Brazilian farmers have been hurt by government assistance for US cotton farmers and European Union 
Clinton #39;s My Life helps Bertelsmann triple profit Bertelsmann, the world #39;s fourth largest media group, is eyeing acquisitions after Bill Clinton #39;s memoirs and top music acts helped triple its half-year profits.
Japan Current Account Surplus Up 8.2 Pct. Japan #39;s current account surplus expanded 8.2 percent in July from a year earlier for its 13th consecutive month of growth, the government said Thursday.
Dow Jones Lowers Guidance on Fewer Ads Dow Jones  amp; Co., a financial news provider and publisher of the Wall Street Journal, lowered third-quarter guidance on Wednesday, due to declining Journal advertising bookings for September.
Morrison exploits holes in Swiss cheese defence Ireland #39;s fine start to the World Cup qualification endures. Four points from two matches provide strong foundations, though the performance here might have yielded less.
Spice Isle in ruins BRIDGETOWN, Barbados - There are reports that at least 12 people were killed and 90 per cent of all homes in Grenada have been destroyed by Hurricane Ivan which has left  quot;incalculable destruction quot; in the Caribbean  #39;Isle of Spice #39;.
PeopleSoft flap may be hurting Oracle's image Public opinion of the database giant sinks to 12-year low, a new report indicates.
Controversial Microsoft plan heads for Longhorn Company is still fiddling with its "trusted" PC security technology but says some version of it will be in new Windows.
Ultra wideband may get wider Motorola plans to bring a compromise offer to a Berlin meeting to break a standards stalemate.
Honey, did you remember to call the DVD recorder? Panasonic's new DVD recorder has a massive hard drive and can be programmed using a cell phone.
Ion Appoints Outside Managers After Banks Cut Credit (Update3) Ion Ltd., an Australian auto parts maker that supplies Ford Motor Co., appointed outside managers after banks cut off its credit because it spent too much expanding in the US and Australia.
Review: Recovery Programs Rescue Damaged Discs By PETER SVENSSON    NEW YORK (AP) -- You know it's bound to happen: One of the CDs you've burned is going to stop working - be it from scratches, aging, poor manufacturing or the fact that it was made with old software.    But don't turn that disc into a drink coaster quite yet...
Dignitaries arrive for wedding of Brunei #39;s crown prince _ Royalty and dignitaries from around the world filled the palace Thursday for the marriage of Brunei #39;s crown prince to a 17-year-old half-Swiss commoner in what was likely to be Asia #39;s wedding of the year.
Hurriyat is not the only face of Kashmiris New Delhi: India made it clear late on Wednesday that if Pakistan thought that Hurriyat Conference was the only set of people who express the wishes of people of Kashmir then it is  #39;on a wrong tree #39;.
Protests Powered by Cellphone A text-messaging service is put into action to choreograph fast-moving political protests.
The Tablet PC Takes Its Place in the Classroom A versatile portable device can play a role in tests, note-taking and homework, and even act as a blackboard.
Out for V-I-C-T-O-R-Y, but Missing Tiles Missing a key piece to your favorite board game? The Web's abundance of board game sites might help.
How I Got That Schwag: A Boldfaced Online Spree IS there anyone more stylish in New York than GIMM MUR SCHWG, the chain-smoking fashion editor of Boldface Names?.
Semiconductors Offer a New Way to Cut the Cord Electronic devices are starting to come equipped with a short-range, high-speed wireless radio technology known as ultrawideband.
Traffic jams green light for love (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of drivers use traffic lights and jams as the perfect opportunity to pick up a\hot date and sometimes even a marriage partner, according to a survey today.
Stocks Slip as Profit Warnings Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Wednesday after  several companies issued profit warnings, while Fed Chairman  Alan Greenspan's remarks that the economy was pulling out of a  summer soft patch did little to quell expectations for a rate  hike later this month.
In High-Speed Households, She Surfs, He Snores Postmidnight buyers -- who include insomniacs, night owls and people who like to work late -- seem to be taking advantage of high-speed Internet access in the home.
US steps up pressure over Darfur The US presents a new draft UN resolution to put pressure on Sudan to resolve the conflict in the Darfur region.
A Library and Cinema in Your Pocket The increasing power of cellphones is fast shaping innovative forms of compact culture: micro-lit, phone soap operas and made-for-mobile dramas.
British Airways Raises A\$1.1 Bln From Qantas Sale (Update2) British Airways Plc, Europe #39;s second- largest airline, raised about A\$1.1 billion (\$770 million) from the sale of shares in Qantas Airways Ltd.
Freaky Future:  #39;R #39; Word in Economic Forecast A Freaky Future? The mid-term economic outlook from the University of California-Los Angeles Anderson Forecast contends a recession may be brewing just over the horizon.
The end of Genesis Launched in 2001, Genesis spent more than two years gathering samples of solar wind -- which normally doesn #39;t reach Earth #39;s surface.
Microsoft introduces fingerprint recognition Microsoft on Wednesday unveiled nine new mice and keyboards, including the company #39;s first hardware products with fingerprint-recognition technology.
House Panel Moves to Criminalize Spyware, Net Piracy sharing, which record companies blame for playing a part in a \$2 billion dollar decline in yearly CD sales since 2000. The House Judiciary Committee.
Sybase masquerades trial offering as  #39;freely deployable #39; database COMMENTARY -- In a press release issued yesterday, with the headline  quot;Sybase First to Provide Free Linux Enterprise-Class Database for Production Use, quot; Sybase notes that it has  quot;deepened its commitment to the Linux community with the availability of the 
Ump #39;s gaffes set replay talk aflame at US Open Whether or not there is a  quot;Wimbledon conspiracy quot; as Serena Williams charged after her controversial loss to Jennifer Capriati at the US Open Tuesday night 
Patriots eye Super return If getting to the Super Bowl is half the fun, getting back is nearly impossible. No team over the last five seasons has gone to the NFL championship game in consecutive seasons, and 
Season over for Seattle #39;s Jacobsen Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners announced prior to Wednesday #39;s game against Cleveland that first baseman/designated hitter Bucky Jacobsen will undergo surgery next week, ending the rookie #39;s 2004 campaign.
Nepali villagers flee after Maoist threat KATHMANDU: Thousands of villagers have fled districts in Nepal #39;s remote eastern region following threats by Maoist rebels to attack the area and set up a  quot;people #39;s government, quot; human rights and local officials said yesterday.
NL Wrap: Clemens Notches 326th Victory as Astros Win (Reuters) Reuters - Roger Clemens landed his 326th career\victory to earn the Houston Astros a franchise record-tying\12th straight win, a 5-2 decision over the Cincinnati Reds in\the National League (NL) Wednesday.
Dollar Slips on Greenspan, Japan Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar softened on Thursday after  Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded more cautious  on the U.S. economic recovery than many investors had expected.
EBay at a Crossroads: Can Buy Now' Share Space With Bid Now'? Many sellers and a few longtime analysts of eBay say the company is generating fewer of the bidding frenzies that once translated into profits.
NL Wrap: Clemens Notches 326th Victory as Astros Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens landed his 326th career  victory to earn the Houston Astros a franchise record-tying  12th straight win, a 5-2 decision over the Cincinnati Reds in  the National League (NL) Wednesday.
It's Not Exclusive, but It's Lucrative: Why Luxe Went Online Class has been transformed by technology and consumers who are as well informed as they are impatient.
Delta Air Lines cuts 7,000 jobs, reduces wages Delta Air Lines, the third-largest carrier in the United States, announced Wednesday it will cut 7,000 jobs -- 10 percent of its workforce -- during the next 18 months and will slash wages.
Russia offers huge bounty for Chechens Russia #39;s Federal Security Service yesterday offered a reward of 300 million rubles (US\$10.3 million) for information that could help  quot;neutralize quot; two Chechen rebel leaders, and a military official reasserted Russia #39;s right to strike terrorists the world 
Bid to Salvage Solar Evidence from Crashed Capsule Scientists are beginning efforts to retrieve solar atoms from the crashed Genesis space capsule, a day after it plunged to earth and slammed into the Utah desert.
Microsoft builds-in biometric MICROSOFT has unveiled a new range of peripherals that include the company #39;s first foray into biometric identification on the desktop.
Panasonic unveil DVD Recorders with 400GB HDD Capacity Today, Panasonic revealed the new models of DIGA DVD recorders. These recorders have HDD capacities of 160GB to 400GB. This is massive storage space for DVD Recorder; it also has high-speed dubbing, and superb home and mobile networking capabilities.
Australia, Japan work on near zero-emission coal-fired electricity plant (AFP) AFP - Australian and Japanese researchers are working on a prototype  quot;near zero-emission quot; coal-fired electricity plant in an effort to reduce a major source of greenhouse gas emissions, they said.
Democrats Question Bush's Service, Costs of War (Reuters) Reuters - Democrats raised new questions about\President Bush's Vietnam-era National Guard service on\Wednesday as White House hopeful John Kerry charged the Iraq\war was draining resources from the U.S. economy at home.
Seeks to slash up to 7,000 jobs over next 18 months SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Delta Air Lines, attempting to avert bankruptcy, said Wednesday it aims to cut \$5 billion in annual costs by slashing nearly 12 percent of its work force, dropping Dallas-Fort Worth as a hub, and trimming its fleet of planes.
White House Puts Off Logging Decision (AP) AP - The Bush administration said Wednesday it will put off until after the election a final decision on a plan to allow road building and logging on 58 million acres of remote forests where both are now prohibited.
John Kerry's Staggered Two-Month Ad Plan (AP) AP - John Kerry's campaign has bought or reserved airtime in 20 states to run ads between now and Nov. 2. His commercials are slated to start in each state and media market on a staggered basis, and in some states they may not run at all.
NL Wrap: 326th Victory for Clemens as Astros Win Again  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens landed his 326th career  victory to earn the Houston Astros a franchise record-tying  12th straight win, a 5-2 decision over the Cincinnati Reds in  the National League (NL) Wednesday.
Dollar Up Vs Yen on Weak Machinery Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar edged up against the yen on\Thursday as surprisingly limp machinery orders data for Japan\helped investors to recoup earlier losses made on cautious\remarks about U.S. growth by the Federal Reserve chief.
Nikkei Ends Down 1 Percent After Data (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average ended down\almost one percent on Thursday after surprisingly weak\machinery orders data jolted investor confidence in Japan's\economic outlook and triggered selling across the board.
EU ministers to mull budget rules, seek a Mr Euro (AFP) AFP - EU finance ministers gather in the Netherlands Friday for informal talks likely dominated by efforts to agree on reforms to the long-strained budget rules underpinning the euro.
AFC Powers Meet in Season Opener (AP) AP - Forget last season's win over Indianapolis in the AFC championship game. Don't focus on the Super Bowl title two weeks later. Block out Elton John's pregame performance Thursday night.
Sanneh Scores As Crew Beat Earthquakes 1-0 (AP) AP - Tony Sanneh scored his first MLS goal in six years, helping the Columbus Crew extend their unbeaten streak to 12 games with a 1-0 victory over the San Jose Earthquakes on Wednesday night.
Rain Turns Tennis Talk to Instant Replay (AP) AP - In the players' lounge, in the locker rooms, in officials' offices Wednesday, TVs around the U.S. Open showed Jennifer Capriati's quarterfinal victory over Serena Williams.
Delta #39;s downsizing rallies competitors Delta Air Lines #39; jolting move Wednesday to shut down its hub at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport will result in fewer flight options for travelers while aiding its competitors.
Another Blow from the WTO LOS ANGELES - 09/09/04 - For the third time in as many weeks, the World Trade Organization has handed down decisions against US ruling against US anti-dumping and cotton subsidy policies, and rejecting Washington #39;s appeal of an earlier ruling upholding 
Former star banker Quattrone gets 1 1/2 years in prison Facing prison in late October, former star investment banker Frank Quattrone is hoping a federal appeals court will overturn his obstruction-of-justice conviction.
Biggest insurer sees silver lining in Florida Maurice  quot;Hank quot; Greenberg, chairman of American International Group, the world #39;s largest insurer, said hurricane losses in Florida may stop a decline in property insurance rates.
Ex-Invesco Chief Agrees to Penalty Raymond Cunningham, the former chief executive of Invesco Funds Group, agreed to pay \$500,000 to settle lawsuits over improper mutual fund trading, his lawyers said yesterday.
At Wal-Mart, the New Word Is Compromise n an apparent mea culpa, the chief executive of Wal-Mart Stores said yesterday that the company #39;s  quot;message has not in fact gotten out quot; and called it  quot;management #39;s failure.
Former Head Of Probe Into Enron Joins Firm Leslie R. Caldwell, a veteran prosecutor who directed the Justice Department #39;s probe of Enron Corp. until early this year, has joined the Morgan, Lewis  amp; Bockius LLP law firm as a partner in its criminal defense and investigations unit.
Viacom Offers a Premium To Push Blockbuster Shares NEW YORK, Sept. 8 -- Viacom Inc., the media company that owns CBS and MTV, offered investors a financial incentive to buy shares of the Blockbuster Inc.
Stockholders want more value than its deal with Coors offers Some of the fizz is gone from the proposed merger between Molson and Golden, Colo.-based Adolph Coors Co. Molson has had trouble convincing institutional shareholders the Coors deal 
Tomball City Council approves budget Tomball City Council approved a \$40.5 million budget Tuesday that entails utility rate hikes and pay raises but no increase in the property tax rate.
Ovitz Seeks to Be Excused From a Disney Suit A lawyer for Michael S. Ovitz, the former president of the Walt Disney Company, argued Wednesday that his client should be excused as a defendant in a lawsuit 
Space capsule crashes Genesis, payload of solar particles slam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Genesis space capsule and its precious cargo -- billions of particles from the sun -- crashed into the Utah desert Wednesday in a last-minute bungling of a near-flawless, three-year scientific odyssey.
Review: Nokia 9300 Communicator Nokia today officially announced the Nokia 9300, a smartphone that had been rumored to exist since CeBIT. The 9300 is part of the same family as its bigger brother, the 9500, and is designed for mobile professionals 
Dinosaurs Were Doting Parents, Fossil Find Suggests The discovery suggests that the care that crocodiles, birds, and other modern descendents of archosaurs give to their young may be an ancestral characteristic.
Locked Windows WINDOWS XP Service Pack 2 is all about security; don #39;t let anybody convince you otherwise. This is no midway step to Longhorn, Microsoft #39;s next-generation operating system that is more than three years away 
Use of DNA databases questioned The scientist who discovered genetic  quot;fingerprinting quot; 20 years ago said yesterday that he has some worries about the use of the technology.
Recorder cuts a dash MANY inexpensive DVD recorders will do a fine job as a replacement for your VCR when it comes to time-shifting television programs.
Commentary: Virtual numbers changing all The basic technology is called voice-over-IP and it is referred to as VOIP. Free! Sign up here to receive our SiteWatcher e-Newsletter!
Genesis Crash Adds to NASA Post-Columbia Troubles With NASA #39;s broken Genesis capsule stuck in the Utah desert and its shuttle assembly building battered by a hurricane at Cape Canaveral, the US space agency defended its budget and mission on Wednesday.
Porn in email down, claims vendor The number of  quot;inappropriate quot; email attachments sent to businesses has fallen but the reason for this isn #39;t immediately apparent, email security vendor MessageLabs says in a media release.
Mistakes by umpires may soon be obsolete The consensus of two of the highest-ranking executives in the United States Tennis Association is that Serena Williams definitely got a raw deal in her US Open quarterfinal loss to Jennifer Capriati Tuesday evening.
Soccer: Luck and bold decisions save Sven #39;s job in Poland: British &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : Sven-Goran Eriksson is redeemed as England coach partly through luck but also because he took the bold selection decisions necessary ahead of England #39;s 2-1 victory over Poland, the British press said.
Hewitt aims for last four Family division or heavyweight contest, either way the gloves will be off at the US Open if Lleyton Hewitt survives his quarterfinal bout with Tommy Haas on Thursday (4am Friday morning AEST).
Looking for Tiger Woods Anybody? Someone stand up. Well, since the Tiger Woods of the late 90s is absent, the number one golfer in the world is...Vijay Singh?
AFC powers meet in season opener New England Patriots wide receiver Chas Gessner (18) is brought down by Jacksonville Jaguars safety Deke Cooper (35) in the second quarter of preseason NFL play, last Thursday in Foxboro, Mass.
Canada shut down Slovakia Canada now meet the Czech Republic on Saturday for a place in Tuesday #39;s final while defending champions the United States face-off against Finland on Friday.
Lee returns, MacGill dropped for India tour Fast bowler Brett Lee was recalled to Australia #39;s squad and legspinner Stuart MacGill was dropped for next month #39;s four-test tour of India.
Roddick to lead US Davis Cup squad Andy Roddick, along with Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish and the doubles pair of twins Bob and Mike Bryan will make up the US team to compete with Belarus in the Davis Cup, reported CRIENGLISH.
Hurricane Ivan leaves 12 dead in Grenada ST. GEORGE #39;S, GRENADA - The most powerful hurricane to hit Grenada in a decade killed at least 12 people, damaged 90 percent of the country #39;s homes and destroyed a prison, leaving criminals on the loose, officials said Wednesday.
Fresh initiatives on many fronts: Determination in joint &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI, Sept 8: Pakistan and India announced their determination on Wednesday to resolve the Kashmir issue according to the letter and spirit of the Shimla Agreement , and invoked the purposes 
Muslim girls flout French ban on headscarves The French Education Minister, Francois Fillon, said yesterday that up to 120 Muslim girls were still disobeying the government #39;s ban on wearing headscarves in state schools since the new school year started last week.
Nepal to seek India #39;s help in tackling Maoist revolt Nepal #39;s Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba said on Thursday that he would seek more help from India to crush a Maoist revolt wracking his homeland as he began talks with senior Indian leaders in New Delhi.
 #39;Mercenaries #39; await their fate in Zimbabwe A Zimbabwe judge is to hand down sentences on Friday against the alleged mastermind of a coup plot in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, Briton Simon Mann, and 67 other suspected mercenaries who were convicted two weeks ago.
Delta slashes 7,000 jobs, Dallas hub Airline warns it may file for bankruptcy if too many senior pilots take early retirement option. Delta Air LInes #39; CEO says it faces bankruptcy if it can #39;t slow the pace of pilots taking early retirement.
WTO rules against US, EU on sugar, cotton Latin America #39;s agricultural giant scored two trade victories Wednesday against rich countries #39; farm subsidies after the World Trade Organization agreed with Brazil 
Astros #39; streak hits 12 HOUSTON -- With two World Series rings and plenty of postseason experience over his 21-year career, Roger Clemens knows a lot about winning.
Hurricane Ivan ravages Grenada, killing 15 and damaging 90 per &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The most powerful hurricane to hit the Caribbean in nearly a decade killed at least 15 people including a Canadian, damaged 90 per cent of its homes and destroyed a prison, leaving 
Indonesia shares slip after blast Indonesia #39;s financial markets have reacted with shock to an explosion at the Australia embassy, with both shares and the currency sliding.
Italy looks for Arab support to free hostages in Iraq ROME : A top Italian official leaves for the Middle East to seek the help of Arab countries to secure the release of two female Italian aid workers taken hostage in Iraq.
Bomb Near Embassy in Indonesia Kills Three A powerful bomb exploded near the Australian Embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing at least three people and wounding 50, witnesses and officials said.
S. Korea admits plutonium experiment South Korea acknowledged today that it conducted a plutonium-based nuclear experiment more than 20 years ago, shortly after it admitted to scientific tests involving uranium.
Dollar Slips on Greenspan, Japan Data The dollar softened on Thursday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded more cautious on the US economic recovery than many investors had expected.
Quattrone gets 18 months NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Frank Quattrone, who led some of the most celebrated initial public offerings of the late 1990s, was sentenced to 18 months in prison Wednesday for interfering with a federal probe into those hot IPOs.
Suzuki Motor Corp RecallS 157,480 Altos A joint venture between Japan #39;s Suzuki Motor Corp. and Chongqing Changan Automobile Co. has recalled 157,480 Alto model cars, Changan Automobile said Thursday.
Federal tax staff strike over wages OTTAWA -- About 8,000 employees of the federal tax agency walked off the job yesterday in Ontario and BC, including 280 in London, leaving public phone queries unanswered and federal revenue cheques uncashed.
Sony confirms plan to sell large-screen LCD projection TVs in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO, Sep 08, 2004 (AFX-UK via COMTEX) -- Sony Corp will launch its popular projection televisions with large liquid crystal display (LCD) screens in China early next year, a company spokeswoman said.
Capriati calls time on Serena For the first time since 1998 neither Venus nor Serena Williams will end the year with a grand slam singles title in her possession.
Cracking the Coad The skinny: Tonight, 9 pm (ABC). Since these AFC kingpins can #39;t meet on Super Bowl Sunday, it #39;s pure marketing genius to have them hook up on opening night.
Canada #39;s patience pays off Deep in the heart of every hockey fan lurks the fluke-flamed fear that something bizarre, something truly against all reason, could snatch victory in its cruel jaws.
Australia omit MacGill, Symonds for India tour Leg spinner Stuart MacGill and all rounder Andrew Symonds were left out of Australia #39;s squad on Thursday for the tour to India in October and November after the selectors decided to go for fresh blood.
Howard sends envoy, bomb experts Australian Prime Minister John Howard is sending bomb experts to Jakarta with Foreign Minister Alexander Downer Thursday night. That follows a powerful blast near the Australian 
Brunei #39;s future king marries commoner in glittering ceremony BANDAR SERI BEGAWAN, Brunei Darussalam -- The heir to oil-rich Brunei #39;s throne married a half-Swiss commoner Thursday in a glittering ceremony attended by government leaders and blue-blooded guests from around the world.
Israeli helicopter fires missile at militants in Gaza An Israeli helicopter fired a missile early Thursday at a group of militants in northern Gaza during an army operation there, wounding at least one person, witnesses and hospital officials said.
Falluja air strikes kill eight US warplanes have bombed houses in the Iraqi city of Falluja for a third successive night, killing at least eight people, four of them children, doctors and residents say.
Huge Blast in Jakarta, at Least Three Dead (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful explosion rocked the\Australian embassy in central Jakarta on Thursday, killing at\least three people in the vicinity and injuring more than 100,\witnesses and local radio said.
Beijing Accused of Meddling in HK Elections (Reuters) Reuters - Hong Kong media and a rights group\accused Beijing on Thursday of meddling in a weekend election,\saying its publicity about a pro-democracy candidate jailed for\hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
RealNetworks Ends Song Promotion (AP) AP - RealNetworks Inc. is ending a temporary promotion that slashed the price of its downloadable songs to 49 cents, but bargain hunters will still be able to find some deals at its online music store.
U.S.-Iraqi Security Forces Launch Attacks (AP) AP - U.S. and Iraqi security forces launched attacks Thursday to flush out insurgents in northern Iraq, the military and Iraqi officials said.
TV Viewers 'Love' Their Digital Video Recorders (Reuters) Reuters - Perhaps it didn't take a\scientific study, but Forrester Research has determined that\folks love their digital video recorders (DVR) and hate\commercials.
British Mercenary May Head to African Jail (AP) AP - From special forces commander to soldier of fortune, Simon Mann's colorful career reads like a thriller. Born to a world of wealth and privilege, the British mercenary made a fortune in some of Africa's bloodiest wars  #151; and even enjoyed a stint in the movies.
Voiding Giambi's Deal Easier Said Than Done The Yankees would like to void Jason Giambi's contract, but they continue to face serious roadblocks.
Apple Patches 15 Mac OS X Flaws (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Apple claims most users are protected from the worst dangers of the flaws, many of which originate in the OS' open-source components.
Dollar Up Vs Yen on Weak Machinery Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up against the yen on  Thursday as surprisingly limp machinery orders data for Japan  helped investors to recoup earlier losses made on cautious  remarks about U.S. growth by the Federal Reserve chief.
Hurricanes May Affect Florida Politics (AP) AP - Two devastating hurricanes have given President Bush something his political advisers couldn't dream up: the chance to play comforter in chief in a battleground state he is determined to win again.
Genetically Modified Fish Used to Make Human Protein (Reuters) Reuters - Genetically modified fish may one day be\used to produce human proteins to treat illnesses such as lung\disease, liver problems and even some cancers.
VW Warns 30,000 Jobs at Risk -Paper  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Volkswagen AG has warned that over  30,000 jobs could be at risk if it fails to win a pay freeze  and other concessions in talks with German unions this month,  the Wall Street Journal Europe reported on Thursday.
Waterlogged Schedule on Way for Yankees Heavy rain wiped out a doubleheader between the Yankees and the Devil Rays on Wednesday. Another doubleheader is scheduled for Thursday, as is more rain.
Pakistani Jets Bomb Militants in Tribal Region  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan air force jets bombed  suspected al Qaeda-linked militants in a western tribal region  on Thursday, a day after six people were killed there in  clashes between government troops and gunmen, officials said.
Delta to Cut Workforce by 10 Percent In an effort to avoid bankruptcy Delta Air Lines Inc. announced that it is eliminating  7,000 jobs, closing its Texas hub and seeking wage concessions from its pilots.
S.Korea Says Did Scientific Plutonium Test in 1982  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean government scientists  enriched a small amount of plutonium in a one-off experiment in  1982, the Science and Technology Ministry said on Thursday.
Hands Off for Patriots in Rematch With Colts Indianapolis' loss to New England in the A.F.C. championship game in January will have an impact on officiating as the N.F.L. begins the 2004 season Thursday night.
Bush-Kerry Surrogates Debate Trade Policies At a "Bush-Kerry trade debate" Wednesday stand-ins for President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John F. Kerry outlined the candidates' differences on such issues as outsourcing and free trade.
Utilities Uneven in  Managing  Vegetation Utilities running the nation's high-voltage electric lines have done extensive tree trimming that should cut chances of blackouts, according to a federal report released Wednesday.
S.Africa Makes Two Fresh Arrests on WMD Charges  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African police said on  Thursday two suspects had been arrested in a probe into  violations of laws related to weapons of mass destruction  (WMD).
Indonesia shares slip after blast An explosion in Jakarta, feared to be a car bomb, sends shares tumbling on Indonesia's main stock exchange.
Massive blast at Jakarta embassy At least six have been killed after a huge explosion outside Australia's embassy in the Indonesian capital.
New Cabinet meets after reshuffle The Cabinet meets on Thursday after a reshuffle of Tony Blair's top team which sees Alan Milburn returning.
Delta Aims to Cut Jobs 12, Drop a Hub and Reduce Pay Delta said it would cut 12 percent of its work force and that a bankruptcy filing was "a real possibility."
At Wal-Mart, the New Word Is Compromise H. Lee Scott Jr., the chief of Wal-Mart Stores, spoke at length about the image problems that have dogged the giant retailer.
Lewis to Face Browns The spotlight will shine on Jamal Lewis this weekend when the Ravens open their season in Cleveland against the team Lewis has historically dominated.
Merriman Reaching High Maryland defensive ends Shawne Merriman's goal is to be considered the best nationally by season's end.
Red Sox Sweep A's Pedro Martinez pitches six innings of two-hit ball, and the Boston Red Sox complete a three-game sweep of the Athletics with an 8-3 win.
Astros Moving Closer Roger Clemens got his 326th win and the Astros beat the Reds, 5-2, to move into the NL wild-card lead with their 12th straight win.
Nets Get Solid Return From Kidd While They Can Jason Kidd, who underwent off-season knee surgery, made his long-awaited season debut for the Nets on Monday night and turned in an impressive effort.
Red Sox Clobber Athletics 8-3 OAKLAND, Calif. - Pedro Martinez hardly had to outpitch Tim Hudson - Oakland's All-Star right-hander staked Boston to a huge lead himself...
Ivan Devastates Grenada, Kills at Least 12 ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - The most powerful hurricane to hit the Caribbean in nearly a decade killed at least 12 people in Grenada, damaged 90 percent of its homes and destroyed a prison that left criminals running loose, officials said Wednesday...
Seattle Stops Detroit Lauren Jackson returns from a three-game absence to score 15 points, helping Seattle get an 86-67 victory over the Shock.
Retired Pentagon Brass Seek Abuse Probe WASHINGTON - The Pentagon is under increasing fire for its handling of the prison abuse investigation, as some retired military officers call for an independent commission to get to the bottom of the four-month-old scandal.    Their appeal came a day before Thursday's hearings by the Senate and House armed services panels, which were reviewing the two latest reports ordered by the Defense Department...
Texas Talks a Better Game Than Cal Plays The big question is how fourth-ranked Cal won at Southern Mississippi but lost its Rose Bowl spot to Texas, which did not play Saturday.
Davenport Easily Defeats Asagoe at Open NEW YORK - With win after win, all of Lindsay Davenport's talk about retirement sounds more and more premature. Now she's two victories from a second U.S...
Bills Battle Back After Bleak Beginning The Mike Mularkey era in Buffalo began with an 0-4 record. But eight weeks and six victories later, the Bills suddenly find themselves in the playoff hunt.
IBM to use AMD's dual-core Opteron Upgrade to high-performance server will include AMD's dual-core chip.
Sony camera blends photos, video The company's latest digital camera includes advanced video features.
Space Probe Fails to Deploy Its Parachute and Crashes NASA's \$264 million Genesis mission came to a sudden and violent end on Wednesday morning, when a capsule returning with samples of the Sun slammed into the desert.
Team Hopeful in Its Effort to Recreate Primal Life Scientists believe that they have reconstructed the pivotal event that created the one-celled organism from which all animals and plants are descended.
Japan's Record 7th Typhoon; The Death Toll Is at Least 31 Japan's typhoon record was broken with a bang this week as battering winds and mountainous waves overturned ocean-going freighters.
Two Scientists Caught in Amber It can be safely guessed that Stuart Pivar, a scientist and art collector, has more than 300 objects in his duplex apartment.
Spurred by Illness, Indonesians Lash Out at U.S. Mining Giant Newmont Mining Corporation, the world's biggest gold producer, has been trailed by allegations of pollution.
A Digital Generation's Analog Chic Yesterday's technology designs are becoming popular among those in their teens and 20's eager to usher back a time they experienced only barely, if at all.
For a Fee, a Stream of Tunes, Talk and Video High-speed connections and software improvements are giving rise to subscription services for music, movies, sports events and talk radio to PC's.
Enron #39;s interimboss seeking \$25 million fee nron Corp. #39;s interim chief executive has asked a federal bankruptcy judge to award his firm a \$25 million  quot;success fee quot; for stabilizing the fallen Houston energy giant.
DNA fingerprinting no longer foolproof #39; 9. (Guardian News Service):The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA fingerprinting.
Red Sox keep piling on A #39;s OAKLAND, CALIF. - - Pedro Martinez hardly had to outpitch Tim Hudson -akland #39;s All-Star righthander staked Boston to a huge lead himself.
National League Game Summary - San Francisco at Colorado The Giants outhit the Rockies, 16-5...Bonds is now one walk shy of the major league record of 198, which he set in 2002...San Francisco won the season series from Colorado, 11-8.
Al-Sadr looks for role after Najaf losses The erosion of some of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr #39;s status showed recently when his supporters gathered outside his office here.
Beijing Accused of Meddling in HK Elections Hong Kong media and a rights group accused Beijing on Thursday of meddling in a weekend election, saying its publicity about a pro-democracy candidate jailed for hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
Hawks snap nine-game losing skid ATLANTA (Ticker) -- Josh Smith scored inside off a miss by Al Harrington with 17 seconds remaining to help the Atlanta Hawks defeat the Philadelphia 76ers, 96-92, and end a nine-game losing streak.
NKorea warns of arms race following SKorean uranium experiment (AFP) AFP - North Korea has warned that South Korea's uranium enrichment experiment could fuel an arms race in northeast Asia, accusing the United States of practising  quot;double standards. quot;
NBA Game Summary - San Antonio at Chicago Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Tony Parker scored 17 points and had five assists to lead a balanced San Antonio attack that handed the Spurs a 91-75 victory over the Chicago Bulls at the United Center.
Milosevic takes back seat as first defence witness on stand (AFP) AFP - Former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic was forced to take a back seat at his trial for genocide and war crimes as lawyers imposed on him by a UN tribunal examined his first defence witness.
Hollywood pilots fail to catch sun WASHINGTON: NASA #39;s Genesis space capsule slammed into the Utah desert Wednesday after its parachutes failed, leaving doubts if its invaluable cargo of microcosmic solar dust survived the journey to Earth.
Intel Highlights Future at Developer Forum Intel plans to increase focus on WiMax connectivity and multicore processing, two innovations that the chipmaker believes will drive future industry growth.
No more matches for umpire New York: Mariana Alves, the umpire at the centre of the controversial US Open quarterfinal between Jennifer Capriati and Serena Williams yesterday, will not officiate at any more matches in this year #39;s event.
GOLF: COOL HAND LUKE CAN BE TOP GUN RYDER CUP skipper Bernhard Langer last night claimed Luke Donald #39;s European Masters win proved how valuable he will be when they face the mighty Americans next weekend.
Tigers lost his stripes, and everyone knows that now Nobody inside golf thinks Tiger Woods is the best player in the world anymore. Or the second best. Or perhaps even third. But now that truth is painfully official.
RED SOX 8, ATHLETICS 3 Pedro Martnez hardly had to outpitch Tim Hudson. Hudson, Oakland #39;s All-Star right-hander, staked Boston to a huge lead himself.
Canada able to hit the switch It wasn #39;t so much that Team Canada brushed aside Slovakia with all the disdain of an elephant disposing of a bothersome gnat, but it was the manner in which the disposal was done that added depth to the 5-0 victory.
WPP Bids for Gray Global -WSJ Britain #39;s WPP Group Plc has offered to pay more than \$1.25 billion for advertising firm Gray Global Group, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing an unidentified person familiar with the matter.
ABC Learning to Buy Peppercorn, Child Care Centres (Update2) ABC Learning Centres Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest day-care operator, plans to spend A\$380 million (\$264 million) buying rivals to cut costs and lift its share of the nation #39;s market to a fifth.
Enron rescuer asks \$25 million  #39;success fee #39; HOUSTON, Texas - The turnaround specialist hired to get Enron out of bankruptcy is asking for \$25 million for almost reaching the end of the tunnel.
Sybase Provides Free Linux Enterprise-Class Database for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sybase, Inc., a leading provider of enterprise infrastructure and wireless software, deepened its commitment to the Linux community with the availability of a free deployment version of an enterprise-class Linux database-Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise 
Resurgent Orioles whip Twins behind Cabrera BALTIMORE - Daniel Cabrera pitched three-hit ball into the eighth inning, and Jose Leon and Melvin Mora had two RBIs apiece to lead the surging Baltimore Orioles past the Minnesota Twins 4-1 on Monday.
Reed #39;s failure sends Colorado to 39th loss after taking the lead First came concerns about the adjustments Shawn Chacon had to make in becoming the closer for the Colorado Rockies. Then came worries about the problems of the Rockies 
Astros roar into share of wild-card lead Despite being part of eight playoff teams, including five World Series appearances and two championships, Clemens isn #39;t sure he has ever experienced the kind of wave like the one the Astros are currently riding.
Arafat expulsion has never been closer: Israeli FM JERUSALEM - Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said Thursday that Israel had never been closer to expelling veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat from his West Bank headquarters.
NBA Capsules Jason Kidd made his season debut and assisted on Richard Jefferson #39;s game-winning jumper from the lane with 7.1 seconds left as the New Jersey Nets defeated the Toronto Raptors 88-86 Monday night.
NAT0-led peacekeepers seeking terrorist posing as cameraman (AFP) AFP - International peacekeepers in Afghanistan said they had received a tip-off that a  quot;terrorist quot; posing as a cameraman was trying to enter the capital.
Guantanamo Panel Members Face Challenges (AP) AP - Members of a U.S. military commission are being challenged by defense attorneys who say their ties to the war on terror could affect their ability to fairly judge four detainees charged with war crimes.
Ivan Pummels Caribbean, Kills at Least 15 ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan pummeled Grenada, Barbados and other islands with its devastating winds and rains, causing at least 15 deaths, before setting a direct course for Jamaica, Cuba and the hurricane-weary southern United States...
Delta to slash up to 7,000 jobs Delta Air Lines unveiled changes yesterday that will remake its business, but officials warned that soaring costs still could land the nation #39;s third-largest carrier carrier in bankruptcy court.
US Ordered to Reduce Crop Supports The United States has been ordered to withdraw some of its support for producers of cotton and other commodities, according to a World Trade Organization report made public Wednesday.
Invesco to be merged into AIM family Invesco Funds Group will become part of a sister mutual-fund family, ending a 74-year-old Denver institution and opening a door to changing the name of the city #39;s football stadium.
NASA #39;s lofty hopes plummet A NASA spacecraft carrying solar particles that were captured a million miles from Earth slammed into the Utah desert yesterday and cracked open after its parachutes 
Nokia acquires assets, establishes Austin office Austin-based Metrowerks Corp. has sold one of its development lines to Finland #39;s Nokia Corp. (NYSE: NOK) for an undisclosed amount.
Season lidlifter renews heated conference rivalry Season openers like tonights dont get much more exciting than this. The NFL schedule-makers knew what they were doing when they sent 
US scores late to tie underdog Panama For the second consecutive road game, the United States got a late goal from a second-half substitute to gain a tie in World Cup qualifying.
Martinez #39;s 2 homers not enough As hot as Ichiro has been - and he sizzled to a 13-game hitting streak with a single in the seventh inning last night -ven he isn #39;t as hot as Edgar Martinez in the past six games, hitting .
Jackson returns to help Storm snap three-game losing streak Sue Bird led Seattle with 23 points and Lauren Jackson returned from a three-game absence to score 15, helping the Storm snap a three-game losing streak.
Pakistan hails Pak-India joint statement Pakistan has eulogized a recent Pak-Indian joint statement for pushing forward the peace process between the two arch-rivals. The Nation newspaper Thursday quoted Masood Khan 
Viacom Starts Blockbuster Exchange Offer Viacom Inc. (VIAb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has begun a share exchange offer to split off its Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) unit and put the video rental chain 
Franks Nursery  amp; Crafts files for Chapter 11 Franks Nursery Inc., a lawn and garden specialty chain that grew out of a Depression-era produce market in Detroit, filed for bankruptcy Wednesday for a second time and said it would close all 169 of its stores.
Artificial heart maker seeking OK to sell device After 22 years of experimentation, the maker of the nation #39;s first self-contained artificial heart yesterday asked the federal government for permission to begin 
Central bank sends cost of debt higher Canadians are paying more to borrow money for homes, cars and other purchases today after a quarter-point interest-rate increase by the Bank of Canada yesterday was quickly matched by the chartered banks.
IT Association slams government THE Information Technology Association of America (ITAA) says the government #39;s  #39;Get It Right #39; policy in regards to IT contracts is total nonsense.
Spicy solution for painless integration SUBANG JAYA: IBM (www.ibm.com) has released the beta version of its latest enterprise-grade integration software to Malaysian customers.
Kuranyi grabs Germany #39;s equalizer BERLIN, Germany -- Brazilian-born striker Kevin Kuranyi scored the equalizer to earn Germany a 1-1 draw with Brazil in a friendly in Berlin, that was a rematch of their 2002 World Cup final.
Trade, fight put Boston on charge up AL East Maybe it was The Trade. Maybe it was The Fight. Maybe it was just the inevitable byproduct of a supremely talented team finding its groove.
Iginla #39;s two goals pave rout After the United States advanced to the World Cup of Hockey semifinals Tuesday night, some of the players already started talking about facing Finland.
National League Game Capsules Houston, TX -- Roger Clemens pitched seven strong innings to win his fourth straight start and was supported by four first-inning homers, as the red-hot Houston Astros completed a three-game sweep of Cincinnati with a 5-2 victory and matched a franchise 
Jakarta suspects key terror suspect over bombing A car bomb attack outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta on Thursday bears all the hallmarks of a Malaysian terror suspect who is a senior member of an al Qaeda-linked group, Indonesia #39;s police chief said.
Ivan kills 12 in Grenada, threatens Cuba, US ST. GEORGE #39;S, GrenadaThe most powerful hurricane to hit Grenada in a decade killed more than a dozen people, damaged 90 per cent of its homes and destroyed a prison, leaving criminals on the loose, officials said yesterday.
Delta stays Delta Air Lines #39; third-largest hub at Salt Lake City International Airport will be spared from closure and will gain 58 daily flights, including one to Mexico, under a far-reaching 
Qantas returns to trading after BA sells stakehold Qantas shares returned to trade this morning after the overnight sale of British Airways #39; (BA) billion-dollar stake in the airline.
VW May Cut 30,000 Jobs If No Agreement With Workers (Update2) Volkswagen AG is threatening to eliminate 30,000 jobs ahead of next week #39;s wage talks with unions as Europe #39;s biggest carmaker seeks cost cuts similar to agreements reached by other German companies, including DaimlerChrysler AG.
Viacom to offer shares at a discount A decade after it acquired Blockbuster, Viacom Inc. yesterday took a key step toward unloading the struggling 19-year-old video rental chain and giving it long-expected independence early next month.
McDonald #39;s cites new menu items as it reports Aug. sales gains New menu items helped lift McDonald #39;s to a 16th consecutive increase in monthly comparable sales, the fast-food giant said Wednesday, and more sandwiches are on the way.
Central bank bumps rate The Bank of Canada rate will hit four per cent by late next year, an economist predicts. OTTAWA -- The Bank of Canada raised its key policy interest rate yesterday while hinting that this could be the start of a new upward trend in borrowing costs.
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s ABC Learning On Expansion Path BRISBANE (Dow Jones)--Australian childcare provider ABC Learning Centres Ltd. (ABS.AU) said Thursday it has agreed to buy two rivals in aA\$313 million cash and stock 
Coors Talks of Profit-Sharing Agreement with Molson The Adolph Coors brewery says it could force Molson to brew Coors Light in Canada for 10 years -- without a profit-sharing agreement.
NASA #39;s Genesis Capsule Crashes DUGWAY PROVING GROUNDS, Utah -- NASA #39;s Genesis return capsule crashed into the desert Wednesday morning due to an apparent malfunction in its parachutes.
Enter your e-mail: This has been a big week for future technology in San Francisco: Intel filled much of Moscone Center with the Intel Developer Forum, its technical conference on the cool stuff it has up its sleeve, from CPU speed bumps to new wireless networking standards 
Nokia plans new, lighter version of Communicator Trying to regain some of its lost market share, Nokia Corp. is hoping to woo both enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, sleeker version of its high-end Communicator 
Tech industry presents less-than-unified defense Last fall, the Blaster Internet worm slammed into Cable Bahamas like a digital hurricane, clogging Web connections for the tiny Internet service provider #39;s 22,000 subscribers.
Attorney General Joins E-Voting Suit California Attorney General Bill Lockyer announced Tuesday that his office will join a pair of independent plaintiffs in a false claims lawsuit against Diebold Election Systems, the company supplying 
Military Headset Reaches Masses As any cell-phone user knows, background noise, including traffic jams and bustling streets, can be a nuisance. The cacophony becomes even worse when the caller insists on yelling over the noise.
Vampire robot developed A MICRO robot which kills flies and powers itself using their dead bodies, is being developed by British boffins. The EcoBot II, attracts flies by emitting a stench concocted from human excrement.
HDS Launches TagmaStore When it comes to storage technology, there are a number of vendors pushing back the frontiers in what is possible. This week Hitachi Data Systems (HDS), one of the giants in this extremely competitive space 
IBM releases new Linux-oriented database software San Francisco, September 9: International Business Machines Corp late on Wednesday rolled out a new version of its database software aimed at users of Linux and Unix operating systems that it hopes will help the company take away market share from market 
Tech Briefs Yahoo, owner of the world #39;s second-most-used Internet search engine, said it began testing a service that searches for travel bargains and provides links to hotel and airline booking Web sites.
England Doubles Up Poland England got strikes from sparkling debut starter Jermain Defoe and Michael Owen to defeat Poland in a Uefa World Cup qualifier in Chorzow.
World-Surprise choice Huth proves his worth to Klinsmann A surprise choice for Wednesday #39;s friendly against Brazil, 20-year-old Robert Huth made full use of his debut in Germany #39;s starting team to impress Juergen Klinsmann and his Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho.
Top dog Singh not cowed by Tiger Vijay Singh #39;s ascension to No.1 in the world rankings was a mere formality. Anyone paying attention knew Singh had been playing with more consistent excellence than anyone else over the last two years.
Soccer: Victory for Franceno thrill for coach TORSHAVN, Faroe Islands Frances coach, Raymond Domenech, said his team had to show more commitment after their 2-0 victory over the Faroe Islands in a World Cup qualifier marred by the expulsion of captain Patrick Vieria for diving.
SI.com DENVER (Ticker) -- The lowest career ERA in the history of Coors Field just got a little higher. Deivi Cruz highlighted a four-run, eighth-inning rally against Steve Reed with a two-run double and Edgardo 
Dolphins trade for Gordon The Dolphins acquired Lamar Gordon from the St. Louis Rams on Wednesday in exchange for a third-round draft pick in 2005. The 6-foot-1, 228-pound Gordon passed a physical and was expected to practice with the team today.
Buckley signed to replace Mickens The Jets signed 33-year-old cornerback Terrell Buckley, who was released by New England on Sunday, after putting nickel back Ray Mickens on season-ending injured reserve yesterday with a torn ACL in his left knee.
Ichiro singles, now 30 shy of mark Edgar Martinez overshadowed Ichiro Suzuki #39;s chase of the Major League #39;s single-season hits record with a two-homer night. The long balls weren #39;t enough for Seattle 
EU plays a strong role on Darfur THE HAGUE If the European Union talks to the rebels, we will declare a unilateral cease-fire, said Vice President Ali Osman Taha of Sudan after his meeting with a Dutch government delegation visiting Khartoum on Jan. 30.
Fighting breaks out in Gaza strip Palestinian gunmen have confronted a column of Israeli armoured vehicles in the Gaza Strip, sparking a fierce firefight which has left at least one dead and five wounded.
Muslim girls defy French headscarf ban Dozens of Muslim girls have been disobeying the French government #39;s recent ban on wearing headscarves in public schools since the school year began last week.
Pakistan Strikes Kill Dozens Near Afghan Border Pakistani jet fighters and helicopter gunships launched air strikes on the South Waziristan tribal area bordering Afghanistan, killing dozens of people on Thursday, a witness said.
Lemieux #39;s line powers Canada to 5-0 victory vs. Slovakia Mario Lemieux has been saying for days that he isn #39;t worried about failing to score a goal in the World Cup. Same with the many teammates who have insisted 
Dodgers 8, Diamondbacks 2 Pinch-hitter Robin Ventura hit his 18th career grand slam to tie Willie McCovey for third place on the career list, Hideo Nomo won for the first time in 11 decisions and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8-2 Tuesday night.
Sharon Demands Syria Curb Militants Before Talks Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.
Pakistan Strikes Kill Dozens Near Afghan Border  WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani jet fighters and  helicopter gunships launched air strikes on the South  Waziristan tribal area bordering Afghanistan, killing dozens of  people on Thursday, a witness said.
'Dozens killed' in Pakistani raid \Pakistani jets bomb suspected militants gathering close to the Afghan border, military officials say.
Nazi murder suspect on trial An ex-Nazi commander accused of  massacres in Slovakia goes on trial in Munich.
Teen charged over Sasser virus The alleged writer of the disruptive Sasser virus has been formally charged by German prosecutors.
Tennis: Federer leads Agassi Roger Federer leads Andre Agassi two sets to one before rain interrupts their US Open quarter-final.
Move to license S African healers A bill to regulate South Africa's 200,000 traditional healers is to be debated in parliament.
Russia vows terror fight, hits US view MOSCOW -- Russia's top general threatened yesterday to strike terrorists ''in any region of the world, quot; and the Kremlin offered a \$10 million reward for information leading to the killing or capture of Chechnya's top rebel leaders.
Blast shatters busy Jakarta street JAKARTA -- A powerful explosion rocked the Australian embassy in central Jakarta this morning, killing at least three people in the vicinity and injuring more than 100, witnesses and local radio said.
Mexicans battle to bar Wal-Mart store near ancient pyramids MEXICO CITY -- A Wal-Mart -owned discount store rising a half-mile from the ancient temples of Teotihuacan has touched off a fight by a small coalition that doesn't want to see the big, boxy outlet from the top of the Pyramid of the Sun.
Gorbachev calls for probe of seizure HAMBURG -- Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev yesterday called for a ''clear and careful analysis quot; of last week's hostage drama at a school in southern Russia and argued that parliament should be involved in the investigation.
Baghdad area deaths said to top 10,000 BAGHDAD -- At Sheik Omar Clinic, a big book records 10,363 violent deaths in Baghdad and nearby towns since the war began last year -- deaths caused by car bombs, clashes between Iraqis and coalition forces, mortar attacks, revenge killings, and robberies.
Britain says Iran is risking UN action LONDON -- Iran risks action by the United Nations Security Council if it breaks a promise to suspend uranium enrichment activity by November, Britain said yesterday. Tehran defiantly declared it has a right to continue its program.
Intel partners 'lab on a chip' firm Deal masks an interest in controversial digital content distribution patents?
Scientists Pick Up Pieces of Space Capsule DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah - Scientists with tweezers picked through the twisted wreckage of a space capsule that crash-landed on Earth, hoping that microscopic clues to the evolution of the solar system weren't completely lost in Utah's salt flats.    NASA engineers were stunned Wednesday when neither parachute deployed aboard the Genesis capsule and the craft plummeted to the ground at 193 mph, breaking open like a clamshell and exposing its collection of solar atoms to contamination...
Memos Show Bush Suspended From Flying WASHINGTON - Newly unearthed memos state George W. Bush was suspended from flying for the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war because he failed to meet Guard standards and failed to take his annual flight physical as required...
Toyota, Nissan Join to Standardize Car Electronics  TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co.  will join hands in a bid to save costs and create an  international standard for the software that operates a car's  electronic systems.
Dollar Holds Gains on Intervention Talk The dollar kept its overnight gains against the euro on Tuesday, finding a tenuous footing after weeks of losses as traders took stern words by European officials as a 
Merger announcement sends childcare stocks rising Shares in Australia #39;s three largest childcare companies have surged, after they announced details of a major merger proposal. Under the plan, ABC Learning will merge with Child Care Centres Australia and Peppercorn 
IBM to use AMD #39;s dual-core Opteron SAN FRANCISCO--IBM will upgrade its Opteron-based e325 server for high-performance computing with Advanced Micro Devices #39; dual-core chip in 2005, the company plans to announce Thursday.
Web worm teenager charged A German teenager who created the Sasser worm that disrupted computers around the world in May has been charged with computer sabotage, a crime carrying a maximum five-year jail term.
Toyota, Nissan Join to Standardize Car Electronics (Reuters) Reuters - Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co.\will join hands in a bid to save costs and create an\international standard for the software that operates a car's\electronic systems.
Downpours place a heavy load on scheduling Rain played havoc with the schedule makers at the US Open yesterday. After eight days of ideal weather, rain forced significant revisions in the schedule, scuttling the day 
JETS SHUFFLE SECONDARY Just five days before their season-opener against the New Orleans Saints, the New York Jets shuffled their secondary. Cornerback Ray Mickens was placed on injured reserve on Wednesday, ending his season, while veteran cornerback Terrell Buckley jetted in.
Students Win Scholarships for Science Yueqi Guo, a 17-year-old senior at the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics in Durham, grew up hearing that her grandfather in China had died because doctors failed to recognize his cancer until it was too late.
Brunei #39;s prince marries 17-year-old commoner Undated photo made available 08 September 2004 shows Brunei #39;s Crown Prince Al-Muhtadee Bolkiah (L) with Sarah Salleh (R) sitting along the seashore in Bandar Seri Begawan.
Pak bombs Al-Qaida hideouts, 50 killed At least 50 people were killed and several injured when Pakistan #39;s fighter planes bombed hideouts of Al-Qaida militants today in the tribal region close to the Afghanistan border.
Scandal, insults and a bit of politics on HK campaign trail HONG KONG : It #39;s 6.00 pm and election candidate Choy So-yuk wipes sweat from her brow as her voice drifts from the speakers in Hong Kong #39;s seedy Wan Chai district.
Chechen Rebels Offer  #36;20 Million Bounty for Putin (Reuters) Reuters - Chechen rebels, in a swift reply to a\Russian bounty offer for their leaders, promised on Thursday to\give  #36;20 million to anyone helping them to capture President\Vladimir Putin.
WPP Bids for Gray Global -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's WPP Group Plc has offered to\pay more than  #36;1.25 billion for advertising firm Gray Global\Group, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing an\unidentified person familiar with the matter.
Rising oil prices fuel German inflation (AFP) AFP - Inflation in Germany, the eurozone's biggest economy, picked up to 2.0 percent last month from 1.8 percent in July as a result of high oil prices, official data showed.
Apple Releases Patches For Mac OS X (TechWeb) TechWeb - Apple Computer Inc. has released a patch for 15 Mac OS X flaws, many of them originating from the operating system's open-source components.
Subscription-Style Software Licenses Continue Upward Trend (TechWeb) TechWeb - Merrill Lynch's On-Demand Index shows a slight increase in subscription and hosted software in the second quarter.
Server sales in Asia Pacific increase 12.4 percent in June quarter (AFP) AFP - Computer server sales in the Asia-Pacific region excluding Japan grew by a brisk 12.4 percent to 1.37 billion US dollars in the second quarter after a gain of 9.6 percent in the three months to March, an industry monitor said.
OPEC should raise crude oil price band, Purnomo says : The OPEC price band for crude oil should be raised to reflect inflation since 2001 and the falling US dollar, Purnomo Yusgiantoro, Indonesia #39;s oil minister and secretary general of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries 
VW Says 30,000 Jobs at Risk if Talks Fail  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Volkswagen AG has warned its German  workers that more than 30,000 jobs could be lost if they don't  agree to a pay freeze and other concessions, raising the stakes  ahead of negotiations due to start next week.
Still coasting along Amid the stormy gloom in Gotham, the rain-idled Yankees last night had plenty of time to gather in front of their televisions and watch the Red Sox Express roar toward them. The national telecast might have been enough to send a jittery Boss Steinbrenner searching his Bartlett's Familiar Quotations for some  quot;Little Engine That Could quot; metaphor.
They're letting their hair down They are baseball's Delta House, the ragtag Pointer Brothers of Yawkey Way. Winning just about every game on their march to the playoffs, the 2004 Red Sox look like they're going on down to Yasgur's farm to join in a rock 'n' roll band.
It's clear sailing It wouldn't be the US Open if there wasn't at least a day of rain, if they weren't showing video of the Jimmy Connors-Aaron Krickstein death match from 1991.
Lenovo confirms talks with 'major' IT company TOKYO - China's Lenovo Group Ltd. is in talks with a major international IT company regarding an acquisition, it said in an announcement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Tuesday. The other party was not named.
Clemens, Houston stay hot Roger Clemens got his 326th win to tie Eddie Plank for 11th on the career list and the Astros hit four first-inning home runs to beat the Cincinnati Reds, 5-2, yesterday in Houston and move into the wild-card lead with their 12th straight win.
Pollution harms developing lungs Children in smoggy areas have retarded lung development which puts them at risk of diseases, say researchers.
Burks still fighting for another chance to play For better or worse, Ellis Burks has all but committed to trying at all costs to help the Red Sox before the season ends. Burks, one of the game's most prolific righthanded hitters before two surgeries this season set him back, said he plans to decide by next week whether to try to play again this season. And, ...
Cost rises hammer Compass shares Shares in UK-based catering giant Compass slump 20 after the firm says higher costs are set to hit profits.
Showtime for ABC We like to think tonight's Patriots-Colts NFL opener (Ch. 5, 9 o'clock) is all about football. That concept will be put to the test when a tsunami of pop culture rolls into our living rooms during the pregame  quot;NFL Opening Kickoff quot; show at 8.
Milestones and streaks to watch for Packers QB Brett Favre is approaching several plateaus: his 13th 3,000-yard season would tie Dan Marino for most all time; should he lead the league in TD passes, he would break the record of four he shares with Johnny Unitas, Len Dawson, and Steve Young; Favre is tied with Marino (10) for most consecutive seasons with 20 TD passes.
Airbus boost to defence giant BAE BAE Systems sees profits rise as sales of aircraft at Airbus, in which it owns a stake, increase in the first half of 2004.
No flash in the plan Remember this amazing run of Patriots prominence. In decades to come, those who rewrite sports history are bound to tell the story with such poetic license that the record will have to be set straight.
Bank set to keep rates unchanged The Bank of England is set to keep UK interest rates on hold at 4.75 after five increases since last November.
Canada breezes along Jarome Iginla had two goals and an assist to lead Canada into the World Cup of Hockey semifinals with a 5-0 victory over Slovakia last night.
Tonight on TV MISSOURI (1-0) VS. TROY STATE (1-0) When, where: Tonight, 7, at Troy, Ala. TV: ESPN2 AP ranking: Missouri is No. 19 The line: Missouri by 10 1/2 Last meeting: 2002, Missouri won, 44-7 What to watch: Missouri QB Brad Smith completed 14 of 22 passes for 233 yards, threw three TD passes and ran for a 34-yard score in a ...
UConn still gets a kick out of women's soccer When people talk about sports at the University of Connecticut, the subject most likely is basketball. Men's or women's, it really doesn't matter, since both teams won the national championship last season. But there's another sport on campus that, although it doesn't grab as many headlines, is just as well respected in its circles.
BC plugging the gaps Boston College, which is organizing a youth movement on its offensive line, is counting on sophomores Shadu Moore and Jim Marten. They are young, but don't be surprised if the talented underclassmen block everything Penn State throws at them Saturday night at Alumni Stadium in the Eagles' home opener.
Abbey suitor sells stake in RBS Santander, the Spanish bank bidding 8bn for the UK's Abbey, is selling half its stake in rival Royal Bank of Scotland.
Cashing in at Deutsche Bank Vijay Singh's gift bag was without question stuffed more than anyone else's when he left TPC Boston in Norton following Monday's final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Keeping score around New England PROS Home security Rick Karbowski is a longtime golf standout from the Worcester area, so it was fitting that he stormed from behind to win last year's New England Open on a course he knew so well -- Pleasant Valley CC in Sutton. Now that it's time to try and defend the title, you can imagine that he's smiling at ...
Pro tours: The stops and the talk LPGA Event: John Q. Hammons Hotel Classic Site: Cedar Ridge Country Club (6,545 yards, par 71), Broken Arrow, Okla. Schedule: Tomorrow-Sunday. Purse: \$1 million. Winner's share: \$150,000. Television: The Golf Channel (tomorrow, 4:30-7 p.m.; Saturday-Sunday, 4:30-7 p.m.). Last year: Karrie Webb won her lone 2003 title, a nine-stroke victory on the Tulsa Country Club course. Last week: Cristie Kerr won ...
Boston South capsules BRIGHTON Coach: James Philip (eighth year, 10-48-2). Last year's record: 1-8. Returning starters (5): Donald Jeffrey, RB-DE, 5-11, 190, Sr; Garvin Jean-Bon, DB-WR, 5-6, 145, Sr.; Marvin Charles, C-LB, 6-1, 200, Jr.; Jermaine Bell, RB-LB, 5-10, 185, Jr. Returning letterman: Marshaunt Bowden, DE/TE, 6-1, 155, Jr. Strength: Running game. Weakness: Inexperience. Outlook: The Brighton Bengals and seasoned coach Philip have ...
The bus celebrates 70th The Globe's undefeated bus will celebrate its 70th anniversary this fall. The bus, originally penned by Gene Mack, made its debut in 1934. It will return on Mondays this fall.
EMass playoff schedule The divisional playoff games for determining the Super Bowl participants will be played on Tuesday, Nov. 30. All games will be played on artifical turf. The exact matchups and sites will be announced the day after Thanksgiving. The EMass Super Bowls will be held on Dec. 3-4.
Delta to cut 7,000 jobs Delta Air Lines said it would eliminate up to 7,000 jobs and US Airways said it would start charging passengers to make reservations by telephone or at an airport ticket counter.
Year-by-year leaders J.J. Sullivan gives Tyngsboro its first Eastern Massachusetts scoring leader. Following are the year-by-year scoring leaders for EMass. Year Name School Points 2003 J.J. Sullivan Tyngsboro 208 2002 Gerard Festa St. Mary's 199 2001 Jeff Ross Lowell 166 2000 Stephen Grillo Savio Prep 310 1999 Chris Piscione Chelmsford 168 1998 Brian Fabrizio Norwell 269 1997 Sharif Hartgrove Madison Park 210 ...
Bill to seek posting of results of drug trials Legislation to be introduced within days in the US House and Senate would require drug companies to publicly register clinical trials and post the results on a government-run website, congressional staff members who are drafting the proposals said yesterday.
Playing it smart At Madison Park, coach Dennis Wilson's  quot;MP Pride quot; chant isn't the only phrase that's sticking like peanut butter. There's a new slogan that's catching on at the school.
The one that didn't get away Good-bye, Frank Quattrone. The investment banker who became famous in money circles as one of Silicon Valley's main pipelines to Wall Street cash during the 1990s boom heard the bad news yesterday. A federal judge in New York gave him 18 months in prison, a slightly tougher stretch than the sentencing guidelines suggested. Expect the normal cycle of appeals, but ...
A snap response Cellphone users accustomed to using their phones to play computer games, listen to music, and take pictures now have something new to do with their wireless telephones: respond to magazine and outdoor advertisements.
Artificial heart maker seeking OK to sell device After 22 years of experimentation, the maker of the nation's first self-contained artificial heart yesterday asked the federal government for permission to begin selling up to 4,000 of the devices each year as a last-chance treatment for people with irreversible heart failure.
Cambridge lands major drug maker Dutch drug conglomerate Akzo Nobel NV is planning to set up a research laboratory in East Cambridge, joining a growing list of pharmaceutical firms that have established outposts to tap Greater Boston's biotechnology cluster.
Fidelity bowing out of Jumper Classic The Fidelity Investments Jumper Classic, which runs through Sunday in Hamilton, will be known by a different name next year. Fidelity Investments has announced that this is the last year it will sponsor the annual equestrian event that is celebrating its 15th anniversary.
Angels blanked by Jays Justin Miller allowed two hits over eight innings to outpitch Kelvim Escobar and lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 1-0 victory over the Angels last night in Anaheim, Calif.
Umpire out of bounds Tournament officials apologized to two-time champion Serena Williams for the faulty ruling made by chair umpire Mariana Alves during her loss to Jennifer Capriati in Tuesday night's Open quarterfinals.  quot;I told her she was a class act and how much we appreciated how she handled it, quot; Arlen Kantarian , the US Tennis Association's chief executive for professional ...
Pension plan disclosures urged Senator Edward M. Kennedy yesterday said he would press US pension plans to disclose proxy votes on the stocks they hold -- as mutual funds must now do -- in response to a government report calling for greater transparency in pensions affecting 100 million workers and \$4 trillion of assets.
Prices of oil slip on storm worries Oil prices fell yesterday after an early rally in jittery trading due to hurricane speculation and light volume.
Women encouraged to become players in video game industry Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video-game making.
Quattrone to serve 18 months Frank Quattrone, whose deal making made him an investment banking star during the Internet stock bubble and a multimillionaire, was sentenced yesterday to 18 months in prison for obstructing justice. The sentence makes Quattrone, 48, the most prominent Wall Street figure since junk-bond king Michael Milken to face time behind bars.
Bain acquires SuperPages Canada Bain Capital, a Boston private-equity firm, has agreed to buy the Canadian phone-directory business of Verizon Communications Inc. for \$1.54 billion. SuperPages Canada is the nation's second-largest publisher of phone directories. The deal includes online directories. SuperPages Canada had \$293 million in revenue last year. (Beth Healy)
Pounded by the competition, Frank #39;s Nursery set to close Before there was Home Depot for shovels and mulch, before there was JoAnn Fabrics for thread and ribbon, there was Frank #39;s Nursery.
Storms, fuel costs to take toll on JetBlue JetBlue Airways Corp. , a low-fare carrier flying mainly on the East Coast, said third-quarter profit will be lower than it expected because of hurricanes that forced flight cancellations in Florida and high fuel costs.
Teen charged over Sasser virus German prosecutors have laid charges of computer sabotage, data manipulation and disruption of public systems against student Sven Jaschan who has admitted writing the Windows worm.
Sven backs media boycott England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has come out in full support of his players #39; boycott of the media after the 2-1 victory over Poland.
Confident Germany Hold Brazil in Friendly Draw The German contingent in the 74,000-strong crowd that packed out the new look Olympic Stadium in Berlin on Wednesday night were pleasantly surprised to see a positive, attacking Germany team draw 1-1 with Brazil.
After 18 straight defeats, Mercury solves Sparks The Mercury took control early and pummeled Los Angeles 72-58 in front of 6,062 fans at America West Arena on Wednesday night. Phoenix (16-13) moved into a third-place tie in the WNBA #39;s Western Conference by knocking off the league #39;s best team (21-8).
Roddick will play Davis Cup There was a time when winning the Davis Cup wasn #39;ta goal for the United States -- it was an expectation. After recording a 3-2 win over Russia in the 1995 finals, the US was well 
Pakistani Jets Attack Militant Hideouts Pakistani jets on Thursday pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants in a tribal area near the border with Afghanistan, senior intelligence and military officials said.
Military Headset Reaches Masses Sick of screaming to be heard over your cell phone in noisy places? A software firm claims its new headset, based on noise-reduction research it conducted for the U.S. military, will virtually eliminate background-noise disruptions. By Elisa Batista.
IBM hails automation in database upgrade IBM on September 17 will ship the first major upgrade to its DB2 Universal Database data management platform in nearly two years, focusing on functional automation, advanced clustering and Web services deployment.
Accord Reached on Overhauling U.S. Intelligence The agreement will allow passage of a bill to enact the major recommendations of the independent Sept. 11 commission.
Clean Air Tech Has Ancient Roots A Georgia entrepreneur is working with a team of government scientists who believe that the solution to fossil-fuel pollution may be found in a nutrient-rich charcoal fertilizer discovered by South American natives centuries before Columbus set sail. By John Gartner.
Bill Seeks Civil Liberties Board Legislation introduced in the Senate to implement 9/11 Commission recommendations would create an executive-level board to investigate and advise on civil liberties and privacy issues. President Bush recently created a similar board with fewer powers. By Ryan Singel.
Wall Street Expected to Slip at Opening (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was expected to dip at\Thursday's opening, but shares of Texas Instruments Inc.\, may climb after it gave upbeat earnings guidance.
Wall Street Expected to Slip at Opening  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to dip at  Thursday's opening, but shares of Texas Instruments Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;, may climb after it gave upbeat earnings guidance.
At Least 50 Militants Killed in Pakistan Raids  RAWALPINDI, Pakistan (Reuters) - At least 50 Islamic  militants, most of them foreigners, were killed by Pakistani  forces on Thursday in the South Waziristan tribal region near  the Afghan border, a military spokesman said.
'Few ready' for information act Public bodies are ill-prepared for the Freedom of Information Act, says a group of MPs.
U.S. Jets Bomb Insurgent-Held Iraq Cities BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. jets on Thursday pounded the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah and a northern town astride a major smuggling route, killing dozens of people in the two attacks, officials and witnesses said...
Car Bomb Near Embassy in Indonesia Kills 7 JAKARTA, Indonesia - A powerful car bomb exploded outside the gates of the Australian Embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing seven people and wounding nearly 100 in an attack police blamed on al-Qaida-linked terrorists.    The blast flattened the embassy's gate, mangled cars on the busy commercial street and shattered the windows of nearby high-rise buildings...
Has Ken Jennings' 'Jeopardy!' Run Ended? LOS ANGELES - Has Ken Jennings ended his "Jeopardy!" streak? A report posted Wednesday on TV Week's Web site said the brainy software engineer lost in a show taped Tuesday, walking away after his 75th straight game with about \$2.5 million overall in cash and prizes. The magazine cited unidentified sources and said the show would air later this fall...
Delta clips its wings in Dallas The links between Delta Air Lines and Dallas reach all the way back to the carrier #39;s first passenger flight. On June 17, 1929, a six-seat Delta  quot;Travelair quot; flew from Dallas to Jackson, Miss.
Quattrone to serve 18 months Frank Quattrone, whose deal making made him an investment banking star during the Internet stock bubble and a multimillionaire, was sentenced yesterday to 18 months in prison for obstructing justice.
Oil prices decline further, despite Caribbean hurricane NEW YORK, September 9 (New Ratings) - Oil prices declined further today, despite fears of a hurricane in the Caribbean disrupting supply from the US offshore oil and gas production in the Gulf of Mexico.
WPP, Hellman each bid \$900/shr for Grey - reports LONDON (CBS.MW) -- UK advertising group WPP (WPPGY) (UK:WPP) offered \$1.25 billion for New York ad firm Grey Global (GREY) in a cash and share deal valued at more than \$900 a share, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Foreclosure rate still high Although fewer Utahns are falling behind on their house payments, the rate at which families in the state are losing their homes to foreclosure was the 10th-highest in the nation in the 
Internet porn ban enacted for Phoenix libraries A legal battle could be brewing after the City Council enacted a new policy that bars adults from unrestricted Internet access to pornography on Phoenix library computers.
IBM #39;s New Storage Play IBM plans to announce today that it is getting into a fast-growing segment of the data storage industry that #39;s currently dominated by Hewlett-Packard.
Stem cells 'arrest brain damage' Newborn babies with brain damage could one day be treated by stem cell therapy using cells taken from their bone marrow, scientists say.
The Census Bureau #39;s New Economic Indicator NEW YORK - The US Census Bureau publishes 12 economic indicators throughout the year. Four cover manufacturing, four deal with housing and construction, two measure retail sales and two concern trade.
Windows service pack deadline extended Windows XP users have until early next year to update business systems and applications before the operating system #39;s Service Pack (SP) 2 is fully unleashed.
DNA fingerprinting no longer foolproof #39; Sep 09 - The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA finger printing.
Big blue Stinger challenges SMB rivals on price Next week will see the launch of the latest version of IBM Corp. #39;s DB2 database, codenamed Stinger, and focusing on autonomic computing and challenging rivals on price.
Iginla no longer missing Iginla, the NHL #39;s top goal-scorer last season, scored his first two goals of the tournament and added an assist to lead Canada to a 5-0 win over Slovakia last night.
Panis Takes Step Back Frenchman Olivier Panis has announced his retirement from racing in Formula One, although he will continue as a test driver with Toyota.
Jakarta Embassy Blast Kills Eight, Wounds Scores A powerful car bomb exploded outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing at least eight people in the vicinity and wounding more than 130, witnesses and officials said.
At Least 50 Militants Killed in Pakistan Raids At least 50 Islamic militants, most of them foreigners, were killed by Pakistani forces on Thursday in the South Waziristan tribal region near the Afghan border, a military spokesman said.
17 killed in heavy clashes in northern Iraq Seventeen people were killed and some 50 others wounded in heavy clashes overnight between US-Iraqi forces and insurgents in Iraq #39;s northern town of Tall Afar, witnesses and medical sources said Thursday.
Death toll from Chinese floods nears 200; more storms expected The death toll from flooding and landslides in mountainous southwestern China rose to 177 on Thursday, as authorities warned beleaguered residents to brace for fresh storms.
Hamas militant killed by Israeli soldiers A member of Izel Dein al Qassam, armed wing of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas), was killed by Israeli soldiers in northern Gaza Strip on Thursday.
Bacteria Turn Toxins Into Plastic A team of Irish scientists develops a strain of bacteria that can convert a toxic byproduct of the Styrofoam manufacturing process into biodegradable plastic. By Rowan Hooper.
Worldcon Is Gateway to Big Time Science fiction and fantasy fans gather to celebrate their favorite genre and hand out Hugo Awards, which some writers have been able to convert into wider exposure. Mark Baard reports from Boston.
Law Fights to Keep Pace With Tech Federal and industry experts grapple with how to apply CALEA wiretap standards to something that lawmakers didn't anticipate 10 years ago -- voice over IP. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
NASA's Genesis Capsule Crashes A capsule carrying samples of solar wind was supposed to be plucked out of midair by a helicopter, but its chutes apparently malfunctioned. Amit Asaravala reports from Dugway Proving Grounds, Utah.
Facing the Copyright Rap Including snippets of another artist's song in your work -- a popular rapper technique known as 'sampling' -- may violate copyright law, an appeals court rules.
New cabinet fails to squelch power-struggle talk (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair huddled with his cabinet after a reshuffle that reinforced his grip on the Labour Party, at least for the time being, ahead of an expected general election.
Japan's central bank keeps stimulative policy to aid economic recovery (AFP) AFP - Japan's central bank left its stimulative monetary policy unchanged, as widely expected, in a bid to support the current economic recovery and turn around years of price drops.
South Korea admits nuclear experiment in early 1980s (AFP) AFP - South Korea admitted that its scientists extracted a small amount of plutonium, a key ingredient for making nuclear bombs, in secret research in the early 1980s.
Israel Army Kills 4, Including 9-Year-Old, in Gaza  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces thrust into the outskirts  of a refugee camp on Thursday, killing four Palestinians  including a 9-year-old boy, as the army tightened its grip on  parts of the northern Gaza Strip.
Darfur Rebels Say Peace Talks on Last Legs  ABUJA (Reuters) - Darfur rebels said on Thursday that peace  talks with the Sudan government had reached a stalemate and  were on the verge of collapse.
F1: Panis to quit racing Toyota's Olivier Panis will retire from Formula One at the end of the 2004 season.
Johnson Said To Be in Talks for Heart Device Maker Johnson   Johnson is in advanced negotiations to acquire Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart illnesses, for more than \$24 billion.
Smart bandage to help diabetics A smart bandage studded with sensors could help people with diabetes maintain good health.
Spacecraft Crashes With Solar Data Parachutes failed to open as NASA's Genesis space capsule plunged back to Earth on Wednesday, causing it to take a tumble from the heavens and bury itself in the desert sands of western Utah, perhaps seriously damaging precious cargo revealing the origins of the solar system.
DirecTV goes for more HDTV No. 1 US satellite television provider DirecTV Inc. says it will launch four new satellites to expand programming capacity, particularly for high-definition channels and interactive services.
New: Tellabs to lower Advanced Fibre price NAPERVILLE - Tellabs Inc. plans to lower its price for Advanced Fibre Communications Inc. to \$1.5 billion from the \$1.9 billion announced May 20.
Mars satellite finds clues to once-deep ocean It wasn #39;t anywhere near as big as Noah #39;s worldwide flood -- but evidence is pouring in from a Mars-orbiting satellite that a vast plain on the Red Planet must once have held a deep ocean bigger than all the Great Lakes put together.
US Open at a glance  MEN #39;S MATCHES: Rain suspended the two men #39;s quarterfinal matches. Roger Federer (1) leads Andre Agassi (6), 6-3, 2-6, 7-5; and Tim Henman (5) leads Dominik Hrbaty (22), 6-1, 7-5, 4-5.
Stay of execution or new lease on life? Going into the game in Poland, Eriksson was a man courting headlines for the wrong reasons. Indeed, following revelations about the his private life, and the subsequent capitulation of his team in Saturday #39;s 
NFL concert will be on delay In order to avoid a repeat of the crotch-grabbing, breast-baring halftime show from Houston, the league is tightly controlling the concert that will be broadcast before Thursday night #39;s season opener.
Giants get 4 in 8th to win Denver -- Maybe the sidearm lefty missed his spot. Or maybe the Rockies found a clever way to bid Barry Bonds adieu for the season after he clobbered them with a .
Crew edge shorthanded Earthquakes Two in a row was just too much for the Earthquakes, without the likes of forwards Brian Ching, Landon Donovan, Dwayne De Rosario and goalkeeper Pat Onstad.
Indonesia On High Alert After Australian Embassy Blast Indonesia has stepped up security in the wake of Thursday #39;s bombing of the Australian embassy in the capital, Jakarta. Eleven people died, all Indonesians, after a massive bomb cratered the perimeter of the Australian embassy.
Israel Talks Tough to Arafat Silvan Shalom calls the veteran Palestinian leader a terrorist who has no place in the region. Arafat has been confined to his battered headquarters in the West Bank city of Ramallah for more than two years.
Twins' Johan Santana Wins 10th Straight (AP) AP - Johan Santana had an early lead and was well on his way to his 10th straight win when the rain started to fall.
Dolphins' Bowens to Miss Opener Vs. Titans (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Tim Bowens will miss Sunday's opener against Tennessee because of a back injury.
SCH to sell 2.51 percent of shares in Royal Bank of Scotland (AFP) AFP - Banco Santander Central Hispano (SCH) said it had instructed Merrill Lynch to place, on its behalf, up to 2.51 percent of Royal Bank of Scotland's (RBoS) equity with institutional investors.
TiVo, ReplayTV agree to limits (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - The makers of TiVo and ReplayTV digital video recorders have agreed to limit how long consumers can keep pay-for-view movies stored on future versions of the VCR-like devices.
New twist for McAfee: CFO Richards is retiring (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Nobody could blame McAfee Chairman and Chief Executive George Samenuk if he didn't know exactly how to begin his speech to investors Wednesday in Boston.
JoS A. Bank 2Q Income Rises 75 Percent (AP) AP - Men's apparel retailer JoS. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. reported Thursday that double-digit same-store sales gains, as well as continued strength in catalog and Internet sales, drove second-quarter earnings up 75 percent to beat Wall Street expectations.
Indonesia's Gen. Andi Muhammad Jusuf Dies (AP) AP - Gen. Andi Muhammad Jusuf, a former Indonesian army chief who played a pivotal role in the rise to power of former dictator Suharto nearly four decades ago, has died. He was 76.
Stocks Seen Lower After Greenspan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open lower on  Thursday, a day after comments from Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan  did little to inspire investors and after Texas Instruments  Inc. gave a mixed business forecast.
Yum Brand's  August Sales Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yum Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YUM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;YUM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said sales at U.S. restaurants open at least a year, or  same-store sales, rose 5 percent in the four weeks ended Sept.  4, led by strength at its Taco Bell and Pizza Hut chains and a  rebound at KFC.
VW threatens to cut 30,000 jobs Volkswagen says it may need to slash 30,000 jobs if unions refuse to agree to pay freezes at next week's talks.
Seeking Quick Loans, Soldiers Race Into High-Interest Traps As easy-money lenders increasingly make service members a target market, military people have become trapped in a spiral of borrowing that can ruin their finances.
U.S. Pressure Risks Turmoil Across Sudan -Lawmakers  NAIROBI (Reuters) - U.S. pressure on Sudan's Islamist  rulers over Darfur will stir fresh separatist turmoil elsewhere  in the vast country and could torpedo peace efforts in the  south, a Sudanese parliamentary delegation said on Thursday.
Federer and Agassi Return to Battle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Federer and Andre Agassi return  to battle at Flushing Meadows Thursday with their U.S. Open  quarter-final balanced on a knife edge.
Woosnam Disqualified After Closing Hole Debacle  COLOGNE, Germany (Reuters) - Ian Woosnam, who missed a  chance to win the 2001 British Open because of the infamous  '14th club incident', again fell foul of the rule book when he  was disqualified from the German Masters Thursday.
Panis to Retire as Formula One Driver  MONZA, Italy (Reuters) - Formula One's oldest driver  Olivier Panis announced Thursday he will quit racing at the end  of the season to take up a test role with Toyota.
Fed Chairman: US Economic Recovery Continues US Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan Wednesday gave a generally upbeat economic assessment to a congressional committee, saying the US economy seems over the last two months to have withstood the trauma of sharply rising energy prices.
OPEC official reports unity on higher price target JAKARTA The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is united on the need to raise its oil price target to an average of \$30 a barrel, a top Iranian oil official said on Thursday, but the cartel has yet to agree on when to move its price range higher 
German car sector faces autumn of discontent Labour conflict looks set to boil over in the German automobile sector in the coming weeks as car makers such as Volkswagen and Opel seek to impose rigorous belt-tightening measures as an answer to chronically weak demand.
Pathmark posts loss, shares slide Grocer warns on debt contracts, slashes full-year forecast, as it struggles with costs, weak sales. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Regional grocer Pathmark Stores Inc.
Prominent investment banker gets jail term Frank Quattrone, considered the most prominent investment banker of the 1990s technology boom, has been sentenced to 18 months in prison.
Hurricane recovery sends jobless claims down The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits plunged last week, partly reflecting a tapering off of filings related to Hurricane Charley.
Rockwell Collins Sees 2005 EPS Up 17 Pct Electronics manufacturer Rockwell Collins Inc. (COL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday gave a 2005 profit forecast that was higher than Wall Street expectations as spending on defense 
Nokia Raises Outlook, Shares Up Mobile phone maker Nokia raised its third-quarter sales and earnings forecasts on Thursday on the back of strong market demand, reversing a recent spate of grim outlooks and sending its share price higher.
Yum Brands posts higher monthly sales across all units Yum Brands Inc. (NYSE: YUM) reported Thursday that estimated sales at US restaurants open more than a year rose 5 percent overall during the past month.
European Stocks Trim Losses Due to Nokia European shares pared losses after Finland #39;s Nokia raised its third-quarter guidance due to strong demand for mobile phones. Nokia shares rose 8.7 percent to 11.
ITV eyes 500m selloff ITV chief executive Charles Allen has earmarked assets for sale worth 500m, including the company #39;s stakes in cinema advertising and football clubs.
Airbus strength boosts BAE profits BAE Systems, Europe #39;s largest defence firm, has reported a 4.5 percent rise in underlying operating profit, buoyed by higher Airbus plane deliveries.
New York Leads US in Taxes, Tennessee Is Last New Yorkers pay the highest state and local taxes in the nation, shelling out nearly \$131 for every \$1,000 of income in 2002, according to a new study.
Hanging with the horses When the Colts run EDGE: Patriots Speculation swirled all summer about tailback Edgerrin James returning to Miami  #151; where he lives and starred in college  #151; to fill the void left by Ricky Williams #146;s unexpected retirement from the Dolphins. Whether there #146;s any substance to the rumors remains to be seen. This  #145; #145;distraction #146; #146; may be good news for the Colts. If ...
Repeat bears watching The Patriots know firsthand how hard it is to repeat. They have studied why they finished 9-7 and out of the playoffs in 2002 after winning their first Super Bowl.
Connecticut-based company engineered parachute system SOUTH WINDSOR, Conn. -- The parachute re-entry system for the failed Genesis space capsule was one of several projects designed and developed by a Connecticut-based aerospace company.
IDF 2004: Day 1 Coverage On Tuesday of this week the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) got off to a great start after Paul Otellini took the stage and officially kicked off the Fall 2004 forum.
Echo of the Presidential Campaign For a group that promotes the benefits of offshore outsourcing and the need to import foreign workers under the H-1B visa program, the nation #39;s largest IT trade group seems to be providing fodder for the John Kerry campaign.
Blackberry gets svelte with new model The 7100t has a mobile phone, e-mail, instant messaging, Web browsing and functions as an organiser. The device looks like a mobile phone and has the features of the other BlackBerry models, with a large screen 
Sybase Offers Free Database for Linux In a bid to expand the customer base for its database software, Sybase this week released a free, limited version of its software for deployment on Linux systems.
Delete records, or profile the whole UK, says DNA print pioneer The scientist who pioneered DNA fingerprinting has warned of the increasing danger of false positives as the use of the technique becomes more widespread.
Microsoft gives businesses more time to test SP2 Microsoft has doubled the period of time it will allow business users of Windows XP to delay installing Service Pack 2. Customers who wished to avoid having systems updated while they were testing the upgrade 
Panasonic DVD Recorder Gets Connected Panasonic aims to be the first consumer electronics manufacturer to release a high-end DVD recorder that offers network connectivity.
P2P jail bill moves forward HR.4077, the Piracy Deterrence and Education Act, has been approved by the United States #39; House Judiciary Committee. The bill specifies up to five years #39; jail for anyone making over a thousand copyrighted works available for download.
IBM seeks to ease database burden IBM next week will release a major revision of its DB2 database, providing fresh ammunition in the ongoing battle for supremacy in the database marketplace.
O2 unveils two new XDA models Bolstering its XDA product line, O2 unveils the XDA IIs and IIi models - both offering a vast array of advanced features including quad-band GSM, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, SDIO and more.
German teenager indicted over Sasser worm Prosecutors in Verden, Germany, indicted an 18-year-old student on Wednesday for allegedly creating the Sasser worm that crashed hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide 
Savvis outed as spam host Savvis, the big corporate-focused US ISP, has promised to remove spammers from its books following pressure from anti-spam group Spamhaus.
US Open Tennis: Williams gets apology for bad calls NEW YORK Since two days before the US Open began, when Serena Williams wore a jean miniskirt for an exhibition match, she has been the talk of the tournament.
Canada Advances to World Cup Hockey Semifinals Canada has advanced to the semifinals of the World Cup of ice Hockey with a 5-0 victory over Slovakia. Jarome Iginla had two goals and an assist Wednesday in Toronto.
Hughes: Referee Over-Reacted Northern Ireland midfielder Michael Hughes today insisted his challenge on Robbie Savage merited only a booking, not a red card. Hughes is due to miss the next World Cup qualifier against 
US Men #39;s Soccer Team Plays Panama to 1-1 Draw The US men #39;s soccer team has played Panama to a 1-1 draw in Panama City in a 2006 World Cup qualifying match. Roberto Brown found the net first for Panama in the 71st minute Wednesday as the hosts outshot 
Jakarta embassy blast kills eight A powerful car bomb has exploded outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta, killing at least eight people and wounding more than 130 in an attack 
Russia warns terrorists A top Russian general yesterday warned the military will strike  quot;terrorist bases in any region of the world, quot; while authorities offered a reward equivalent to \$13.
Seoul tells of 1982 test to extract plutonium SEOUL A week after admitting that government scientists enriched tiny amounts of uranium four years ago, the South Korean government revealed on Thursday that scientists in 1982 conducted an experiment in plutonium extraction at a state-run research 
National news briefs MIAMI - A teen whose life sentence in the beating death of a 6-year-old playmate was thrown out on appeal went before a judge yesterday on charges he violated his probation by walking around late at night with a pocket knife.
Nazi murder trial opens An 86-year-old Nazi war crimes suspect charged with the killings of 164 Slovak villagers during World War II denied as his trial opened Thursday that he was involved in the shootings of women or children.
Greenspan: Economy gains force The Fed chairman delivers a modestly upbeat prognosis that may signal an interest rate increase before Election Day. BY JEANNINE AVERSA.
Win lifts Mundine title bid Anthony Mundine #39;s hopes of another shot at the WBA world super middleweight title have been boosted after he won his first bout since losing the title.
Panis retires - but agrees new deal with Toyota. Olivier Panis has today announced that he is to retire as a Formula 1 race driver after the 2004 season finale in Brazil. However, Panis has signed a new two-year deal with Panasonic Toyota Racing, which will 
Intel Heralds Dual-Core Pentium M SAN FRANCISCO -- Intel continued its charge into its wireless future with news of its next generation Pentium M processor. Based on the 65-nanometer process technology, Intel is working on its  quot;Napa quot; platform 
IBM  quot;Stinger quot; release pushes .NET, Linux support IBM is launching the next version of its DB2 Universal Database, code-named Stinger, touting new autonomic features and .NET developer tools.
Russia Criticizes West Over Chechen Asylum Russia #39;s foreign minister criticized Western countries for granting asylum to Chechen separatists, who Moscow blames from last week #39;s bloody school hostage taking, saying the practice 
Football: England Beats Poland in 2006 World Cup Qualifier England has eased the pressure on national football coach Sven-Goran Eriksson with a 2-1 win over Poland in a European qualifying match for the 2006 World Cup in Germany.
Hauritz to ask Miller for advice Nathan Hauritz, recalled to the Test squad for next month #39;s highly anticipated tour of India despite his uninspiring recent form, wants to talk to former off-spinning tourists Gavin Robertson 
Jrme dAmbrosio  My race in Albi Four is his number! The Belgian driver finished 4th in both his races and still stands 4th in the drivers championship. Will 3 be his lucky number in the next round?
Lenders and U.S. Tighten Screws on Struggling Airlines The federal government, banks and aircraft lenders are putting the clamps on airlines, particularly those operating under bankruptcy protection.
High security for Afghan ceremony Tight security is in place in the Afghan capital Kabul as Hamid Karzai prepares to be sworn in as president.
Plunging Delta slashes jobs DELTA Air Lines yesterday announced a massive restructuring plan that would cut 6000 to 7000 jobs and slash more costs, but nonetheless warned that bankruptcy remained  quot;a real possibility quot;.
Greenspan says economy shows  #39;some traction #39; WASHINGTON - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said yesterday the economy has  quot;regained some traction quot; after a late spring slowdown caused largely by high oil prices.
Global Markets: Europe Shares Fall European shares fell on Thursday, despite a boost for tech shares as Nokia upped its third quarter outlook as investors worried about global growth and headed into euro zone and US government bonds.
Nokia: 3Q Profits Will Beat Predictions Nokia said Thursday its third-quarter revenue and profits would be better than expected, citing an increase in mobile phone sales.
Taco Bell boosts Yum #39;s August sales Yum Brands Inc. said Thursday sales at US restaurants open at least a year, or same-store sales, rose 5 percent in the four weeks ended Sept.
BAE Systems interim profits boosted by US arm, Airbus LONDON : The British defence and aerospace giant BAE Systems posted an 18 percent rise in interim headline profits on the back of a strong performance in North America and by airplane maker Airbus.
Intel #39;s Dual-Core Chips Debut SAN FRANCISCO -- Intel outlined its plans for a dual-core mobile processor and platform technology this week, but declined to provide any details about the dual-core future of its flagship Pentium 4 desktop processor.
ITV says advertising picking up ITV has reported a sharp increase in half-year profits and says advertising revenue growth is accelerating. The firm, which controls more than half 
BAE First-Half Loss Widens on Goodwill Writedowns (Update4) BAE Systems Plc, Europe #39;s largest defense company, said its first-half loss widened as it wrote down goodwill in its avionics and defense-electronics units.
IBM to Roll Out New Two-Way Opteron Server IBM later this month will begin shipping the second generation of its two-way server powered by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. #39;s 64-bit Opteron processor.
Mundine didn #39;t scare me ANTHONY MUNDINE gave one of the most electrifying performances of his career to stop Sean Sullivan at the Whitlam Centre on Wednesday night - but his next opponent hardly seemed overwhelmed.
Quattrone sentenced to 18 months in jail A federal judge slammed former Wall Street banking star Frank P. Quattrone with an 18-month prison sentence for obstructing a federal securities investigation, ruling that the 
UK Helicopter Crashes in Czech Republic, Crew Reported Dead A British Army helicopter crashed in the Czech Republic during a military exercise, Czech Army spokeswoman Sabina Introvicova said.
Soccer / France, Greece and England are looking for first &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For France, England and Greece, tonight #39;s World Cup qualifiers will provide an opportunity to redeem themselves less than a week after disappointing games in their opening matches of the 2006 World Cup campaign.
Europeans have plenty pedigree, insists Monty COLIN Montgomerie believes the strength in depth of the European Ryder Cup team will give captain Bernhard Langer more flexibility than any of his predecessors when the 2004 match begins next week.
Basketball star Gary Payton arrested in DUI case last month LOS ANGELES Basketball star Gary Payton was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence two weeks ago. The California Highway Patrol says Payton was stopped on August 28th after an officer saw him 
Four Chinese injured in explosion outside Australian embassy in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan said here Thursday that four Chinese company staff were injured in a car bomb explosion which happened outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta Thursday morning.
We killed 50 foreign militants at training camp, says Pakistan Pakistani jets killed 50 people as they pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants today in tribal South Waziristan, senior intelligence and military officials said.
WMD suspect vows to fight  #39;tooth and nail #39; The owner of a Randburg engineering company and one of his engineers appeared in the Vanderbijlpark regional court on Thursday on charges under the Nuclear Energy Act and Weapons of Mass Destruction Act.
Replay likely, but here #39;s to mistakes New York -- On a rainy Wednesday at the US Open, Serena Williams got a phone call from Arlen Kantarian, chief executive of the United States Tennis Association.
European powers wary of more slip-ups LONDON, SEPTEMBER 7: Some of Europes major powers including newly-crowned champions Greece, France and England, will be looking to improve on Saturdays disappointing results when they play their second World Cup qualifiers on Wednesday.
Healy gets Dad #39;s backing David Healy #39;s dad Clifford said that he could not believe it when he saw his son sent off for his celebrations during the 2-2 draw with Wales.
US soccer ties Panama United States, Panama tie: Cobi Jones scored two minutes into second-half injury time, and the United States escaped with a 1-1 tie against Panama in a World Cup qualifier last night in Panama City.
Six British soldiers killed in chopper crash Six British soldiers have been killed in a helicopter crash in the Czech Republic, a Czech Defence Ministry spokesman says. Andrej Cirtek said the soldiers had been participating in a Czech 
India to build oil pipeline to Nepal India is to build a pipeline into Nepal to ensure smooth supply of petroleum products in the Himalayan nation torn by an increasingly violent Maoist insurgency, an oil official said on Thursday.
Qantas buoyed by sale QANTAS yesterday shrugged off the exit of its major shareholder, with the stock buoyed by the prospect of more international alliances now that British Airways is off its share registry.
German car sector faces autumn of discontent FRANKFURT : Labour conflict looks set to boil over in the German automobile sector in the coming weeks as car makers such as Volkswagen and Opel seek to impose rigorous belt-tightening measures as an answer to chronically weak demand.
Rockwell Backs 2004 Earnings View Rockwell Collins Inc., a maker of aircraft electronics, on Thursday backed its full-year earnings estimate and put its fiscal 2005 expectations above Wall Street views in anticipation of improved margins in its commercial segment and lower benefits 
Nokia Says Price Cuts Have Helped Boost Market Share (Update3) Nokia Oyj, the world #39;s biggest mobile- phone maker, said price reductions have helped it regain some of the handset market share it lost earlier this year.
Yum Brand #39;s August Sales Up Yum Brands Inc. (YUM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said sales at US restaurants open at least a year, or same-store sales, rose 5 percent in the four weeks ended Sept.
Santander to sell up to 79 million RBS shares SPAINS Santander Central Hispano is to sell up to 79 million shares in Royal Bank of Scotland, and said it will end cross-directorships with RBS if its bid for Abbey National is successful.
ITV says advertising growth accelerating LONDON : Britain #39;s largest commercial television network ITV comfortably beat profit forecasts in the first half of this year and said advertising revenues rose 4.9 percent year-on-year, the best performance since 2000.
IBM Throws An Opteron Party IBM on Thursday unveiled its second Advanced Micro Devices Opteron-based server, which the company hopes is ready for when AMD releases its dual-core processors.
Intel adds Sonoma and Napa to mobile roadmap Intel has showcased the next two generations of its notebook platforms, and revealed how it intends to extend battery life in the future.
Sybase offers free ASE license for Linux Sybase Inc. is trying to lure businesses seeking low-cost open source DBMS alternatives by offering a free production license for its Adaptive Server Enterprise Express Edition on Linux.
Brilliant Digital and Altnet Sue the RIAA Kazaa and Grokster, which belongs to the large FastTrack network, uses the UUHash hashing mechanism to verify files. Its main advantage is that it allows large files to be checked very quickly.
IBM Releases New Linux-Oriented Database Software (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines\Corp.  late on Wednesday rolled out a new version of its\database software aimed at users of Linux and Unix operating\systems that it hopes will help the company take away market\share from market leader Oracle Corp. .
Nokia Raises Outlook, Shares Up (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile phone maker Nokia raised its\third-quarter sales and earnings forecasts on Thursday on the\back of strong market demand, reversing a recent spate of grim\outlooks and sending its share price higher.
Russia Slams West for Double Standards on Beslan (Reuters) Reuters - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov\accused the West of double standards on terrorism in the wake\of his country's bloodiest hostage crisis, highlighting a\growing rift over the issue between the former Cold War foes.
Treasuries Lower on Jobless Drop (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices cut early\gains but remained narrowly higher after the government said\that new claims for jobless insurance fell in the latest week.
Price Cuts Propel UK Sales of Xbox, PS2 (Reuters) Reuters - Last month's back-to-back price cuts by\Sony Corp (6758.T) and Microsoft Corp  have boosted\sales of their PlayStation 2 and Xbox video game consoles in\Britain, retail sources said on Thursday.
Jobless Claims Fall Sharply to 319,000 (AP) AP - The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits plunged last week, partly reflecting a tapering off of filings related to Hurricane Charley.
Real's Music Deal Ends (PC World) PC World - Online store will continue to offer certain songs at low prices, company says.
In Western Europe, Poor Children Kept as Thieves (Reuters) Reuters - The theft follows a simple pattern. A\little girl asks a customer in a shop for help reaching\something on a shelf, and while he or she is distracted another\child steals a wallet or cash from their pocket or bag.
Samsung Cell Phones to Get Tiny Hard Drive (AP) AP - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. has announced the world's first mobile phone to sport a tiny hard drive. With the built-in 1-inch, 1.5-gigabyte hard disk, the SPH-V5400 could store about 15 times more data than conventional handsets  #151; everything from digital music files and photos to video, Samsung said.
U.S. Stocks Near Flat After Nokia Boost (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks were little changed on\Thursday after cell phone maker Nokia Corp.  raised its\earnings forecast and weekly jobless claims fell more than Wall\Street's forecast.
Pair of Linux Holes Put Users at Risk (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Researchers claim attackers can exploit security vulnerabilities in components used to view graphics and handle archives to take over a Linux system.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at Pittsburgh (5:05 p.m. EDT). Carlos Hernandez starts the first game of a doubleheader for the Astros, who have won 12 straight.
Moonlight Special (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - It's rare, but sometimes a good manager at an expensive load fund can be found making a little extra money on the side by also running a cheaper, comparable no-load fund. In fund argot, this moonlighting is called "subadvising." Why not go for the cheaper fund where the hotshot manager does extra duty? Especially when the second fund's performance mirrors or even exceeds the star manager's marquee fund.
US classifies Sudan atrocities as genocide, seeks through UN probe (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell classified the atrocities in Sudan's troubled Darfur region as genocide and called on the United Nations to launch a thorough probe into one of the world's worst humanitarian crises.
Jobless Claims Slump, Import Prices Jump  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. initial jobless claims slumped  last week but the outcome was heavily influenced by weather,  while soaring petroleum prices in August powered the cost of  imports to an 18-month high.
Huge pileup on Montreal highway kills one person and injures six others (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Flames shot several metres into the sky as a major pileup involving several semi-trailers killed one person Thursday, injured six others and caused traffic chaos on a busy highway.
Retief Goosen Five Shots Back in Japan (AP) AP - Two-time U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen shot a par-70 Thursday in the opening round of the Suntory Open, leaving him five strokes behind leaders Scott Laycock of Australia and Y.E. Yang of South Korea.
Treasuries Lower on Jobless Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices cut early  gains but remained narrowly higher after the government said  that new claims for jobless insurance fell in the latest week.
Serbs in Dispute Over Darwin Vs. Divine (AP) AP - Charles Darwin's evolution theory is out of Serb schools. The Bible is in.
Scientists See Success Relocating Palila (AP) AP - Scientists have found two separate breeding pairs of palila nearly a year after the endangered birds were reintroduced to the northern slopes of Mauna Kea.
Maine Slated to Get Advanced Microscope (AP) AP - The Jackson Laboratory in Bar Harbor is awaiting delivery next year of what may be the world's most advanced microscope, a  #36;1 million machine it will share with other members of a Maine scientific consortium.
New Wave of Croakers Wash Ashore in Va. (AP) AP - Thousands of croakers have washed ashore at beaches in recent days, the latest mass deaths of the popular sport and food fish.
Genesis Crash Adds to NASA Post-Columbia Troubles (Reuters) Reuters - With NASA's broken Genesis capsule\stuck in the Utah desert and its shuttle assembly building\battered by a hurricane at Cape Canaveral, the U.S. space\agency defended its budget and mission on Wednesday.
Iran: OPEC United on Raising Price Target  JAKARTA/DUBAI (Reuters) - OPEC is united on the need to  raise its oil price target to an average \$30 a barrel, but the  cartel has yet to agree on when to implement the higher level,  a top Iranian oil official said on Thursday.
Health Insurance Premiums Rise 11 Employer-sponsored health insurance premiums rose 11.2 percent this year, registering the fourth consecutive double-digit annual increase and pushing the cost of family coverage under the most common type of plan past \$10,000, according to a new survey.
Weekly Jobless Claims Fall Sharply The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits plunged last week, partly reflecting a tapering off of filings related to Hurricane Charley.
China Accused of Unfair Trade Policies A group of industry, farm and labor groups, seeking to put pressure on the Bush administration before the presidential election, petitioned the government on Thursday to file an unfair trade practices case against China.
Gore: Cheney 'Wrong Choice' Remark Sleazy (AP) AP - Al Gore on Thursday described Vice President Dick Cheney's remark that "the wrong choice" by voters could result in another terrorist attack as "a sleazy and despicable effort to blackmail voters with fear."
Md. Geologist Completes Sinkhole Study (AP) AP - A geologist who spent four years traipsing in and around Frederick has mapped areas most likely to develop sinkholes  #151; depressions in the earth that appear suddenly, swallowing cars and homes.
Some see Cheney's terror remark as 'fear strategy' (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Vice President Cheney was not campaigning Wednesday, but his suggestion a day earlier that electing John Kerry would risk a "devastating" terrorist attack kept agitating the political arena.
Developer Wins Victory in WTC Case  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York developer hoping to rebuild  the destroyed World Trade Center on Monday won a major victory  against his insurers, when a jury decided the hijacked airline  attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, were two separate events.
U.S. Ordered to Reduce Crop Supports GENEVA, Sept. 8 -- The United States was ordered to withdraw some of its support for producers of cotton and other commodities, according to a World Trade Organization report made public Wednesday.
U.S. to Meet Asian Allies, Chinese on N. Korea (Reuters) Reuters - The chief U.S. negotiator on North\Korea will hold discussions in Japan and China in the next few\days aimed at organizing a fresh round of six-party talks on\dismantling Pyongyang's nuclear programs, a State Department\official said on Tuesday.
Intercontinental plans hotel sale Intercontinental Hotels plans to shed properties worth 750m (1.3bn) to help it recover from three years of falling hotel bookings.
Karzai talks to Qanuni over cabinet post KABUL, Dec 6: President Hamid Karzai has held discussions with arch rival Yunus Qanuni over a possible position in the next Afghan government, a spokesman for Mr Karzai said on Monday.
Russia Slams West for Double Standards on Beslan  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov  accused the West of double standards on terrorism in the wake  of his country's bloodiest hostage crisis, highlighting a  growing rift over the issue between the former Cold War foes.
U.S. Forces on Offensive in Iraq Rebel Strongholds  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces launched operations in  three Iraqi rebel strongholds on Thursday, killing nearly two  dozen insurgents in a town near the Syrian border and bombing  targets in Falluja for the third straight day.
Retail sales soar in South Africa Lower interest rates and taxes have sent South Africans to the shops, driving retail sales up 10 in June on a year ago.
Israel Kills 4, Including 9-Year-Old, in Gaza  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces thrust into  Gaza's largest refugee camp on Thursday, killing four  Palestinians including a 9-year-old boy, as the army tightened  its grip on the northern part of the coastal strip.
U.S. Declares Genocide in Sudan's Darfur  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States declared on  Thursday genocide has occurred in Sudan's Darfur region and  blamed the Khartoum government and Arab militias for the crisis  that has driven more than a million people from their homes.
Oil moves UK trade deficit higher A monthly deficit on its oil balance saw the UK's worldwide trade gap widen to its highest level since January.
Ebookers admits possible sell-off Internet-based holiday company Ebookers confirms it is in talks over a possible sale, sending its shares 22 higher.
Pakistan Bombs 'Terrorist Camp,' Kills at Least 50  WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani jet fighters and  helicopter gunships pounded a suspected terrorist training camp  near the Afghan border on Thursday, killing at least 50 mostly  foreign militants.
Iran Seen Using EU to Buy Time to Get Atomic Bomb  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran is using negotiations with the  European Union's "big three" on suspending sensitive nuclear  activities to buy the time it needs to get ready to make atomic  weapons, an Iranian exile and intelligence officials said.
Scientists 'hopeful' for Genesis Genesis mission specialists are to begin the task of examining the remains of their capsule that crashed in the Utah desert.
Argentines rally for bomb justice Thousands of Argentines protest over the failure to find those who bombed a Jewish centre in 1994.
U.S. Import Prices Jump 1.7 Percent Soaring petroleum prices pushed the cost of goods imported into the U.S. much higher than expected in August, the government said today.
Russia tightens Caucasus security Russia announces a new security structure for the North Caucasus to prevent Beslan-style terror attacks.
ADHD parents 'are also affected' Parents of children with attention deficit  hyperactive disorder (ADHD), often show signs of the condition themselves, research has suggested.
Memos: Bush Suspended From Guard Flying WASHINGTON - Addressing questions that have lingered for years, newly unearthed memos state that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, that he refused a direct order and that his superiors were in a state of turmoil over how to evaluate his performance after he was suspended from flying...
Fla. Urges New Evacuations As Ivan Nears MIAMI - Tourists and residents were told Thursday they will have to leave the Florida Keys to avoid mighty Hurricane Ivan, even as the state still struggled with the misery left by Hurricanes Frances and Charley.    Forecasters said Ivan - which strengthened early Thursday to 160 mph - could reach the island chain as soon as Sunday, making it the third hurricane to hit Florida in a month...
Stocks Higher on Drop in Jobless Claims NEW YORK - A sharp drop in initial unemployment claims and bullish forecasts from Nokia and Texas Instruments sent stocks slightly higher in early trading Thursday.    Investors welcomed the latest Labor Department report, which showed 319,000 new claims for the past week, down 44,000 from a week ago...
Fla. Urges New Evacuations As Ivan Nears KEY WEST, Fla. - All tourists and recreational vehicles were urged to evacuate the Florida Keys early Thursday because the powerful Hurricane Ivan could hit the island chain by Sunday...
U.S. Jets Bomb Insurgent-Held Iraq Cities BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. jets on Thursday pounded the rebel stronghold of Fallujah and a town near the Syrian border that had come under control of insurgents, killing dozens of people, officials and witnesses said...
Dog Wiggles Paw Free to Shoot Florida Man PENSACOLA, Fla. - A man who tried to shoot seven puppies was shot himself when one of the dogs put its paw on the revolver's trigger...
Stocks Are Set to Open Lower NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen lower at the open Thursday as traders get a handle on Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony Wednesday...
Bill Clinton Helps Launch Search Engine (AP) AP - Former president Bill Clinton on Monday helped launch a new Internet search company backed by the Chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than Google Inc.
U.S. Strike Targets in Fallujah and Tal Afar U.S. jets pounded the rebel stronghold of Fallujah on Thursday, and American and Iraqi forces entered the central city of Samarra for the first time in months to try to reseat the city council and regain control.
Pakistani Strike on Terror Training Camp Kills 50 Pakistani jets pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants in a two-hour barrage Thursday in tribal South Waziristan, killing 50 people, senior intelligence and military officials said.
Corporates get a case of the wireless jitters &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Too many systems, too many operators
Delete records, or profile the whole UK, says DNA print pioneer Something of a curate's egg of a lash out, this...
'Independent' report used MS-sourced data to trash OSS 'Microsoft gave us this stuff, but we haven't checked it'
Voting opens for web's villains Web users can vote for the best and worst of the net in the Future UK Internet awards.
IBM Releases New Linux-Oriented Database Software  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - International Business Machines  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; late on Wednesday rolled out a new version of its  database software aimed at users of Linux and Unix operating  systems that it hopes will help the company take away market  share from market leader Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ORCL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Nokia Launches Three New Camera Phones  HELSINKI (Reuters) - The world's largest mobile phone maker  Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NOK1V.HE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt; launched on Thursday three new handsets, the  7260, 7270 and 7280 models, all with cameras.
Price Cuts Propel UK Sales of Xbox, PS2  LONDON (Reuters) - Last month's back-to-back price cuts by  Sony Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; and Microsoft Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; have boosted  sales of their PlayStation 2 and Xbox video game consoles in  Britain, retail sources said on Thursday.
Congress Puts Hooks in Copyright Crooks Congressional lawmakers are taking a cue from Hollywood with an aim to beef up penalties against people who illegally swap copyrighted movies and songs over the Internet. \&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Debate Draws Distinctions in Candidates' Trade Policies At a "Bush-Kerry trade debate" Wednesday stand-ins for President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John F. Kerry outlined the candidates' differences on such issues as outsourcing and free trade.
Women Make Small Inroads in Game Industry Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video game making.
Video Game Review: 'Political Machine' Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine."
Nokia Hikes Outlook Due to Handset Demand &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland's Nokia raised its\third-quarter sales and earnings outlook due to strong demand\for mobile phones, reversing a recent spate of grim outlooks\and sending its shares higher on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Commissioner would accept government help Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig says he would accept government help if the players union doesn #39;t accept rules changes.
Europe gives GM seed green light The European Commission says it has approved a genetically-modified seed for planting.
Tracking down the 'jungle yeti' Two amateur explorers prepare to fly out to Indonesia in the hope of proving the existence of the "jungle yeti".
Pollen helps war crime forensics UK scientists say pollen enabled them to help to convict people in Bosnia on charges of genocide.
Swans in a flap about territory Black swans clash with their white rivals in a battle over a Lincoln in lake.
Developer Wins Victory in WTC Case (Reuters) Reuters - A New York developer hoping to rebuild\the destroyed World Trade Center on Monday won a major victory\against his insurers, when a jury decided the hijacked airline\attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, were two separate events.
Scientists Pick Up Pieces of Genesis Space Capsule By PAUL FOY     DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah (AP) -- Scientists with tweezers picked through the twisted wreckage of a space capsule that crash-landed on Earth, hoping that microscopic clues to the evolution of the solar system weren't completely lost in Utah's salt flats.    NASA engineers were stunned Wednesday when neither parachute deployed aboard the Genesis capsule and the craft plummeted to the ground at 193 mph, breaking open like a clamshell and exposing its collection of solar atoms to contamination...
More Confirmation Mars Had Large Seas Boulder, CO -- Spacecraft observations of the landing area for one of NASA's two Mars rovers now indicate there likely was an enormous sea or lake covering the region in the past, according to a new University of Colorado at Boulder study.     Research Associate Brian Hynek of the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics said data from the Mars Global Surveyor and Mars Odyssey spacecraft now show that the region surrounding the Opportunity rover's landing site probably had a body of water at least 330,000 square kilometers, or 127,000 square miles...
Scientists Gain Glimpse of Bizarre Matter in a Neutron Star Scientists have obtained their best measurement yet of the size and contents of a neutron star, an ultra-dense object containing the strangest and rarest matter in the Universe.
Common Antibiotic Can Trigger Cardiac Deaths By LINDA A. JOHNSON    (AP) -- A common antibiotic prescribed for 50 years to treat everything from strep throat to syphilis dramatically increases the risk of cardiac arrest, especially when taken with certain newer, popular drugs, a study found...
Older Runners Improve Overall Performance Faster By DIANE SCARPONI     NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) -- Runners over age 50 improve their performance more quickly than younger runners, a Yale study found, reinforcing past research on older athletes and the benefits they get from exercise...
IBM seeks to ease database burden "Stinger" update of DB2 will focus on automatic administration and an improvement in clustered performance.
Longhorn to put squeeze on gadgets The next version of Windows will let companies block access to iPods and other tiny storage devices, News.com has learned.\
Applebee #39;s Predicts Earnings Growth Applebee #39;s International Inc. said Thursday it expects annual earnings per share to grow from 14 percent to 17 percent over the next three to five years beginning in 2005.
Anadarko to Buy Back \$1 Billion of Debt Oil and gas exploration company Anadarko Petroleum Corp. said Thursday that it launched cash tender offers for about \$1 billion of its outstanding debt.
Study claims lake on Mars was wide, deep NASA #39;s Mars rover Opportunity found evidence for a lake or sea on Mars, and new research suggests the body of water was deep, large and long-lasting.
Serbs in Dispute Over Darwin Vs. Divine Charles Darwin #39;s evolution theory is out of Serb schools. The Bible is in. The education minister #39;s decision this week to drop the evolution 
US Declares Genocide in Sudan #39;s Darfur The United States declared on Thursday genocide has occurred in Sudan #39;s Darfur region and blamed the Khartoum government and Arab militias for the crisis that has driven more than a million people from their homes.
Seven Palestinians Killed in Gaza Clashes BEIT LAHIA, Gaza Strip Sept. 9, 2004 - Yasser Arafat #39;s expulsion is  quot;closer than ever, quot; the Israeli foreign minister said in remarks broadcast Thursday, and seven Palestinians were killed and 27 wounded 
Police Find Explosives In St. Petersburg Cinema 9 September 2004 -- Russian police in St. Petersburg said today they found explosives, detonators, and a gun in a cinema which was closed for renovation.
Patrick Walters: Countering menace of JI a priority strategic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE bombing of our embassy underlines the magnitude of the long-term strategic challenge Australia faces in Southeast Asia. It marks the first time Australia has been directly targeted in a terrorist attack in the region.
Virtual Server becomes reality After two years of fits and starts, Microsoft will finally deliver its Virtual Server 2005 product, which company officials contend will be an important contributor to its Dynamic Systems Initiative (DSI), the company's plan for managing distributed systems.
More big security holes in Linux Open-source developers have warned of serious security holes in two Linux components that could allow attackers to take over a system by tricking a user into viewing a specially crafted image file or opening an archive. Patches exist for the bugs, which affect LHA and imlib.
Microsoft set to ship Virtual Server 2005 Microsoft Corp. next month will release Virtual Server 2005, its first foray into server virtualization and a key element of the broad management platform the company is creating for Windows.
Online fraud: We got law, but no enforcement Plenty of laws exist to prosecute online identity thieves and fraudsters, and also to co-opt ISPs (Internet Service Providers) and online auction sites into the fight against fraud, but enforcement is lacking across the board, according to security experts.
New IBM server supports dual-core Opteron IBM Corp. next week will begin shipping the second generation of its rack-mounted dual processor servers based on Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s (AMD) Opteron microprocessor. The new server, called the eServer 326, will be IBM's first product specifically designed to support the upcoming dual-core Opteron processors that AMD is expected to ship next year.
Real's Music Deal Ends Online store will continue to offer certain songs at low prices, company says.
Panasonic DVD Recorder Gets Connected Device offers remote programming, features a whopping 400GB of storage.
Sybase Offers Free Database for Linux Company hopes to attract users who will later upgrade to its small business software.
'Lord of Rings' Supercomputer Turns to Commerce WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) -- A supercomputer used to generate the special effects for the "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy is turning to commerce, offering its power to commercial customers worldwide, backers said Thursday.    Ranked 80th among the world's top 500 powerful computers, it can perform 2.8 trillion calculations per second, said Eric Pilon, a spokesman for the New Zealand Supercomputing Center...
Review: Microsoft Fingerprint Reader Delivers By ALEX VEIGA     LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Spend time online and odds are you'll have to type a username and password to check your e-mail, access your bank account or read a newspaper story.    Enter Microsoft Corp...
'Political Machine' Game Brings Politics to PC Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine." This new PC game from Ubisoft pits you as a string-pulling presidential puppet master, aka the campaign manager.
RealNetworks Ends Cheap Song Download Promotion SEATTLE (AP) -- RealNetworks Inc. (RNWK) is ending a temporary promotion that slashed the price of its downloadable songs to 49 cents, but bargain hunters will still be able to find some deals at its online music store...
Beck's Brewer Sees Beer Demand Rising (Reuters) Reuters - Belgium's Interbrew, which acquired\AmBev to create the world's biggest brewer, reiterated on\Thursday its higher volume and profit targets for 2004 as\demand began to recover from a weak summer.
South Korea to provide Iran with 100,000 broadband Internet lines (AFP) AFP - Iran and South Korea have signed a 40 million dollar deal for the provision of 100,000 broadband Internet lines to the Islamic republic.
Nokia says third quarter profits will be better than expected (AFP) AFP - Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, said its results for third quarter would be better than earlier forecast due to higher-than-expected handset sales.
Heralded Lady Vols' Freshman Has Surgery (AP) AP - Heralded Tennessee freshman Candace Parker underwent knee surgery and could miss the upcoming women's college basketball season.
Ontario police forces set to take part in 9-11 anniversary ceremonies (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - About 60 members of the Toronto Police Services left for New York City Thursday to take part in upcoming ceremonies marking the third anniversary of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
Kerry and Bush Election Popularity Tracked on Blog Monitor Kerry and Bush Election Popularity Tracked on Blog Monitor\\The Democratic and Republican Conventions respectively cast John Kerry and George W. Bush into the eyes of those who are in their election day decision making. Besides helping to define the candidates' campaigns, the conventions also legitimized and gave respect to bloggers ...
Beck's Brewer Sees Beer Demand Rising  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium's Interbrew, which acquired  AmBev to create the world's biggest brewer, reiterated on  Thursday its higher volume and profit targets for 2004 as  demand began to recover from a weak summer.
Bill Clinton Helps Launch Search Engine NEW YORK Dec 6, 2004 - Former president Bill Clinton on Monday helped launch a new Internet search company backed by the Chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than Google Inc.
Technology to Drive Changes in Search Engine Marketing Technology to Drive Changes in Search Engine Marketing\\The coming years will be much more interesting as the business of search transits from its adolescence into adulthood. Search engine marketing has matured and is now viewed as an important component in mainstream marketing. The environment is going to change becoming more ...
Stem Cell Research Measure Contested (AP) AP - The Roman Catholic Church and the wealthy evangelical Christian Howard Ahmanson Jr. have emerged as the biggest financial backers of the campaign against a California ballot measure that would fund stem cell research and cloning projects.
Making Informed Search Keyword Choices Making Informed Search Keyword Choices\\Marketers stake much of their livelihood on keywords, whether for proper search engine optimization or targeted pay-per-click advertising. One challenge faced by inexperienced marketers involves knowing which phrases to target out of hundreds of combinations.\\Often, one will find terms which look good, but later testing reveals ...
Smelly Robot Eats Flies to Generate Its Own Power (Reuters) Reuters - British scientists are developing a\robot that will generate its own power by eating flies.
Israel Kills 5, Including 9-Year-Old, in Gaza  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces thrust into  Gaza's largest refugee camp on Thursday, killing five  Palestinians including a 9-year-old boy, as the army tightened  its grip on the northern part of the coastal strip.
News: Telenor takes down 'massive' botnet A network of more than 10,000 zombie PCs has been dismantled after security staff at Norwegian telco Telenor located and shutdown its controlling server.
Monza: whats at stake this weekend Michael Schumacher wants to celebrate his world championship in style, while the Renault F1 Team is looking to strengthen its championship advantage.
African sugar farmers await sweet victory African sugar farmers and other developing countries stand to benefit from a new ruling by the World Trading Organisation (WTO) declaring some European sugar exports as illegal.
US jobless claims fall New US applications for unemployment benefits dropped last week partly as a result of Hurricane Charley, the Labor Department reported Thursday.
Fidelity National to Acquire InterCept Fidelity National Financial Inc. said Thursday that it agreed to acquire InterCept Inc., a provider of technology services to banks, in a deal valued at about \$400 million.
WPP Offers Over \$1.25B for Grey Global Britain #39;s WPP Group PLC and private-equity firm Hellman  amp; Friedman have submitted offers in the auction for advertising firm Grey Global Group, according to people familiar with the matter.
The dispute goes on BELGRADE, Serbia-Montenegro Charles Darwin #39;s evolution theory is out of schools in Serbia-Montenegro -- and the Bible is in. The education minister decided this week to drop the evolution theory from elementary school classes in favor of creationism.
Agassi-Federer match could resume The glamour match of the US Open so far, two-time champion Andre Agassi vs. No. 1 Roger Federer, was suspended because of showers on Wednesday.
Heralded Lady Vols #39; Freshman Has Surgery KNOXVILLE, Tenn. - Heralded Tennessee freshman Candace Parker underwent knee surgery and could miss the upcoming women #39;s college basketball season.
Shevchenko #39;s goals will be crucial. (Getty Images) AC Milan begin their Serie A campaign at home to newly-promoted Livorno on Saturday evening under the weight of great expectation.
Zbikowski makes impact in Irish debut Lost in Notre Dame #39;s disappointing 20-17 loss to Brigham Young last week was the surprise start of sophomore Tom Zbikowski at strong safety.
Door remains open for Button, say BAR BAR expect Briton Jenson Button to continue racing for them next season if Formula One #39;s contract recognition board takes their side in a bitter tug-of-war with Williams.
Sudan agrees to extend mandate of Darfur monitors Sudan will agree to expanding the mandate of African Union (AU) monitors in its Darfur region to allow them to document human rights abuses, Justice Minister Ali Mohamed Osman Yassin said on Thursday.
Pakistani Jets Attack Suspected Militants WANA, Pakistan Sept. 9, 2004 - Pakistani warplanes pummeled a suspected al-Qaida training facility near the border with Afghanistan on Thursday, flattening a vast mud-brick compound and killing at least 50 fighters, the military said.
Dozens More Killed In New Fighting In Iraq American and Iraqi forces once again fought with Insurgents in the cities of Falluja and Tall  #39;Afar, killing dozens of Iraqis in airstrikes and gunbattles.
India, Nepal Hold Talks Over Tackling Maoist Revolt Nepali Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba held talks with his Indian counterpart on Thursday to try to secure more help to crush an increasingly deadly Maoist revolt in the poor Himalayan nation.
Talks over, Kashmir blame game begins Another round of India-Pakistan peace talks over, and once again it #39;s time for the blame game. A day after their by now ritualistic photo-op bear hug, the foreign ministers of the 
Europe condemns Jakarta bombing FRANCE and Britain led strong European condemnation of today #39;s car bomb attack which killed at least eight people outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta, with several governments pledging to pursue joint efforts to root out international terrorism.
Adware - Are Downloads Safe? Adware - Are Downloads Safe?\\Developers offering downloads are paying the price for the malformed truths that have been put forth regarding downloads. While not a political campaign the smears are ever present in the adware arena.\\Years ago developers saw they could monetize freeware that was becoming expensive to host. Developers ...
Ford Recalls Econoline Vans to Fix Brakes (Reuters) Reuters - Ford Motor Co.  said on Thursday\it is recalling 234,208 Econoline vans in North America to fix\a defect in the anti-lock brake unit that can spark fires even\when the vehicles are parked.
US jobless claims plunge by 44,000 (AFP) AFP - US weekly unemployment claims plunged by 44,000 in the week ended September 4, to 319,000, the Labor Department revealed.
Pakistan launches attack on suspected militants near Afghan border; 50 killed (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WANA, Pakistan (AP) - Pakistani warplanes pummelled a suspected al-Qaida training facility near the border with Afghanistan on Thursday, flattening a vast mud-brick compound and killing at least 50 fighters, the military said.
Oil Leaps as U.S. Inventories Dwindle  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices jumped a dollar on Thursday  after the U.S. government said crude stocks fell to a fresh  five-month low last week and distillate fuel inventories barely  grew ahead of winter.
NATO, Russia United Against Terrorism (AP) AP - NATO diplomats and Russia's ambassador to the alliance pledged to remain united in the fight against terror Tuesday, condemning that attack on a Russian school that left more than 350 people dead.
Global house prices still rising As the sun looks ready to set on the UK house price boom, global house prices are still rising,  a report in the Economist said.
Frank #39;s Nursery going out of business Franks Nursery  amp; Crafts Inc. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and plans to begin closing stores soon as it initiates going-out-of-business sales.
For BlackBerry Users, a New Way to Write N the annals of consumer electronics, certain devices have proven so compelling, they #39;ve created consumer cults. You know, Mac heads.
Samsung SPH-V5400 with 1.5 GB hard drive While most mobile phones are lucky to have 4 MB of RAM to store user data, Samsung #39;s new SPH-V5400 phone offers a whopping 1.5 GB of storage courtesy of its integrated mini-hard drive.
German virus author charged woth cmputer sabotage The teenager accused of authoring the Sasser and Netsky worms has been formally charged with computer sabotage. Eighteen-year-old Sven Jaschan was arrested in May at his parents #39; home in Waffensen, Lower Saxony, in northern Germany.
Danish striker Jon Dahl Tomasson extends contract with AC Milan Danish striker Jon Dahl Tomasson has extended his contract with AC Milan through the 2008-09 season. Tomasson, 28, becomes the third starter in Milan #39;s lineup to have his contract extended this summer.
Levet willing to miss out Thomas Levet says he would be willing to be left out of the foursomes and fourballs at the Ryder Cup as long as the European team wins.
Baseball contenders feasting on also-rans One reason pennant races have heated up in both leagues is because the supposed spoilers are the ones getting spoiled. Consider the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, who once were third in the American League East and flirting with .
AD Holland a great hire for East Carolina No, it isn #39;t North Carolina or Kentucky, but East Carolina also takes great pride in its intercollegiate athletic program. The Pirates on Wednesday announced the hiring of Terry Holland as their new athletic 
The Crisis in Darfur, Written Remarks, Senate Foreign Relations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify on the situation in Darfur. Let me start by reviewing a little history.
Kashmir solution hinges on Pakistan crackdown-India India and Pakistan can make progress on resolving their thorny dispute over Kashmir only if Islamabad delivers on its promise to act against Kashmiri rebels on its soil, India #39;s foreign minister said on Thursday.
Jakarta bombing draws international defiance, condemnation JAKARTA : The bloody car bomb attack outside the Australian embassy in Indonesia Thursday drew strong international condemnation and defiance as leaders vowed to work together to fight the scourge of terrorism.
Mass Grave Uncovered In Northern Iraq 9 September 2004 -- An Iraqi official says that construction workers have uncovered a mass grave in northeastern Iraq. Mansour Hama Karim, an official at the Human Rights Ministry in the Kurdish-dominated 
Sybase releases free database for Linux Company goes head-to-head with MySQL and PostgreSQL with a free version of its ASE database for Linux.
Capsule from Genesis Space Probe Crashes in Utah Desert Scientists with the US space agency NASA have begun investigating the crash landing Wednesday of the Genesis space capsule in Utah.
Ump #39;s terrible call hurts Serena, tennis NEW YORK -- She used the word conspiracy, as if someone is out to get the Williams family.  quot;At first I thought it was another Wimbledon conspiracy, quot; Serena Williams said in discussing one of the most flagrantly awful calls in the history of tennis,.
RealNetworks Sells 3 Mln Songs, Ends Download Promo (Reuters) Reuters - RealNetworks Inc.  is ending\its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the\promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet\media and software company said on Thursday.
Interbrew pumps 19.9 pct rise in first-half profit, holds targets (AFP) AFP - Interbrew said its first-half profit rose 19.9 percent and maintained its 2004 full-year targets, saying the diversity of its beer brands around the world helped smooth out bumpy markets.
IBM Announces Dual-Core Support (PC World) PC World - New server is designed to run AMD's upcoming Opteron chips.
FEC: Wis. Car Dealer Can Run Campaign Ads (AP) AP - A Wisconsin auto dealer can continue airing car ads even though its founder and namesake is running for the Senate, election officials said Thursday.
Bush's guard service under new scrutiny (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush faced fresh questions about his Vietnam War-era service as he and his Democratic rival, Senator John Kerry, campaigned in key states ahead of the November 2 election.
Dollar Rises as U.S. Jobless Claims Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar edged higher against major  currencies on Thursday after the U.S. weekly jobless claims  report suggested stable job creation, although Hurricane  Charley likely skewed the data.
EU irked by Turkish adultery law The EU enlargement commissioner says  Turkey's plans to make adultery a crime could affect its chances of joining the EU.
AFC Powers Meet in NFL's Season Opener FOXBORO, Mass. - Forget last season's win over Indianapolis in the AFC championship game...
Job gains hike mortgage rates Mortgage rates crept higher this week on news of good job growth in August, according to a survey conducted by mortgage buyer Freddie Mac.
Cracker Barrel Settles NAACP Discrimination Lawsuits (Update1) Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc., which has restaurants in 41 states, said it will pay \$8.7 million to settle all discrimination lawsuits brought or supported by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
Applebee #39;s sees room for 3,000 restaurants in USA Restaurant chain Applebee #39;s International (APPB) said Thursday that there is room for at least 3,000 of its namesake restaurants in the United States, nearly double the existing number.
ITV may sell its \$126m stake in Seven Network British television broadcaster ITV is looking to sell a range of  quot;noncore quot; assets, including its \$126 million, or 12.3 per cent, stake in Australia #39;s Seven Network.
University Of Michigan Lands Big Gift ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- The University of Michigan is getting \$100 million from a New York real estate magnate -- the school #39;s largest gift ever.
Survey: IT Job Growth on Slow Track The Information Technology Association of America (ITAA) survey says that the high-tech job market showed a modest 2 percent increase in the first quarter of 2004, but that the market is expected to shrink over the rest of the year.
Virtual Server 2005 Fills Gap In Microsoft Line New virtual-machine technology can be used to test software patches and migrate aging Windows NT applications. By John Foley, Paula Rooney, CRN.
RealNetworks Sells 3 Mln Songs, Ends Download Promo  SEATTLE (Reuters) - RealNetworks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RNWK.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RNWK.O&lt;/A&gt; is ending  its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the  promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet  media and software company said on Thursday.
Delta Cutting Flights From OKC To Dallas-Fort Worth OKLAHOMA CITY -- Oklahoma will lose Delta Air Lines flights to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport as the airline restructures to try to avoid bankruptcy.
Ali Calls for U.S. Boxing Commission (AP) AP - Boxing great Muhammad Ali asked Congress on Thursday to create a U.S. Boxing Commission, saying oversight by the federal government is needed to protect boxers from exploitation and injury.
Royals Pound Tigers 26-5 (AP) AP - Joe Randa had six hits and tied a major-league record with six runs scored as the Kansas City Royals broke a club record for runs in a 26-5 rout of the Detroit Tigers in the first game of a doubleheader on Thursday.
Cracker Barrel Announces \$8.7M Settlement NASHVILLE, Tenn. Sept. 9, 2004 - Cracker Barrel has agreed to an \$8.7 million settlement to resolve lawsuits accusing the restaurant chain of mistreating and segregating black customers and discriminating 
National Semi rallies on results National Semiconductor Corp. posted a higher quarterly profit Thursday, with sales in line with its reduced forecast on lower-than-expected demand for flat-panel displays and from Chinese wireless handset makers.
A Taste of Yum! Wins the World Over It seems that fast food is in style. Favorites McDonald #39;s (NYSE: MCD) and Wendy #39;s (NYSE: WEN) had already posted positive August sales comps; Yum!
Health Stocks in Motion Shares of Radiation Therapy (RTSX:Nasdaq - news - research) were among the worst-performing health and pharmaceutical stocks Thursday after Banc of America Securities initiated coverage with a sell rating.
Normal plant will trim second shift, 1,200 jobs by months #39; end NORMAL, Ill. Mitsubishi Motors says it will eliminate the second shift at its only US plant on September 17th and about 12-hundred workers will be laid off by the end of the month.
Kraft affirms 2004 profit forecast Kraft Foods Inc. Thursday stood by its previously lowered earnings forecast for the calendar year and said new products including its 100-calorie snack packs would help drive growth in the second half.
FCC Insists Broadband Deployment Improving (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Thursday insisted the United States was making progress in\rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling\further behind other countries.
Bordeaux's producers target Denmark to fight wine hangover (AFP) AFP - A delegation of producers from the prestigious French wine-growing region of Bordeaux launched a major campaign try to convince Danes to start drinking their wines again.
Congress Puts Hooks in Spyware, Copyright Crooks (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Congressional lawmakers are taking a cue from Hollywood with an aim to beef up penalties against people who illegally swap copyrighted movies and songs over the Internet. Meanwhile, lawmakers also are targeting spyware and hackers with the threat of jail time for evil cyberspace deeds.
NASA tries to salvage solar dust NASA experts were today studying the debris from the Genesis capsule that crashed as it brought back samples of solar particles - the latest in a series of setbacks for the US space agency as it seeks to get its space program back on course.
IBM strikes out at Intel with new Opteron box IDF Fall  #39;04 With the Intel Developer Forum rolling along in full force, IBM made the obvious decision to announce its next-generation server based on AMD #39;s Opteron processor.
New ring and possible moons found at Saturn The Cassini spacecraft has detected two and possibly three new additions to the already full environment of Saturn, and scientists are puzzled over what they #39;ve seen.
Titans-Dolphins Game Moved to Saturday (AP) AP - The Miami Dolphins' opening game against the Tennessee Titans will be played Saturday instead of Sunday because of approaching Hurricane Ivan.
IBM DB2 Takes Sting Out of Database Management IBM announced Thursday the general availability of the  quot;Stinger quot; version of its DB2 Universal Database, which delivers to database administrators a host of new autonomic database self-management and self-healing capabilities designed to simplify data 
House Panel Gets Tough on Spyware, P2P Piracy WASHINGTON -- With an eye on peer-to-peer networks, the US House Judiciary Committee approved legislation Wednesday criminalizing some acts of copyright infringement.
T-Mobile Debuts New Blackberry Phone  quot;T-Mobile has made it a priority to provide its customers with phones and services that not only meet their professional needs, but their personal needs as well, quot; said Scott Ballantyne, vice president marketing, T-Mobile USA.
Virtual Server becomes reality After two years of fits and starts, Microsoft will finally deliver its Virtual Server 2005 product, which company officials contend will be an important contributor to its Dynamic Systems Initiative (DSI), the company #39;s plan for managing distributed 
Intel CTO: New Protocol Needed For Next-Gen  #39;Net Intel #39;s chief technologist called for an overlay network to be applied to the Internet infrastructure to allow new protocols and services to be enabled.
Huge DNA database opens door to mistakes: scientist The scientist who invented DNA fingerprinting two decades ago has warned that the huge expansion of the British national database, which now contains details of 2.5 million criminals, could 
Scientists Create Fly-Eating Autonomous Robot According to New Scientist.com, Scientists at the University of West England have designed an autonomous robot which generates its own energy by eating flies.
Darwin is OK after all, Serbia says BELGRADE, Serbia-Montenegro - Serbia reversed an order to ban Darwins theory of evolution from schools on Thursday, after its education minister drew national ridicule for ruling in favor of Old Testament creationism.
Inmates in Charge of Travelzoo It #39;s official: The lunatic fringe has clearly gotten loose. There really is no other way to explain what #39;s going on with shares at online travel company Travelzoo (Nasdaq: TZOO).
Youth admits to creating computer virus German prosecutors say a teenager has confessed to creating the virulent Sasser computer virus. Authorities say Sven Jaschan is believed also to be responsible for the Netsky virus.
IBM  #39;Stinger #39; Database Coming in Mid-September IBM #39;s next version of the DB2 Universal Database, code-named  quot;Stinger, quot; will be generally available on Sept. 17, the company said Thursday.
US economic outlook downgraded: WSJ survey (AFP) AFP - US economists have trimmed their forecasts for hiring and economic growth in view of steep energy prices and other factors, a Wall Street Journal survey showed.
Golf: Harrington leads while wet Woosie walks away GUT LARCHENOF, Germany : Europe #39;s Ryder Cup hopes received another boost when Padraig Harrington hit a six under par 66 to take a one-shot lead after the first round of the German Masters.
Klinsmann #39;s aggressive moves net Germany draw with Brazil Juergen Klinsmann took some risks in his home debut as Germany coach and they paid off in a 1-1 draw Wednesday with five-time World Cup champion Brazil.
Thursday, 9 pm EST (ABC) Not quite eight months ago, with a light snow dusting Foxboro #39;s Gillette Stadium, these two stared each other down with a trip to Super Bowl XXXVIII in Houston on the line.
Hurricane Ivan Pushes Up Titans Game in Miami Nashville, Tenn. (WVLT/AP) - It looks like Mother Nature isn #39;t much of a sports fan. The Tennessee Titans and the Miami Dolphins will play 24 hours early, courtesy of Hurricane Ivan.
Jagr hopes to play against Canada despite hip injury Jaromir Jagr sat out practice Thursday but hopes to be ready when the Czech Republic plays Canada in the World Cup of Hockey semifinals.
A #39;s may be headed for off-season And if not, well, there are no water-holding explanations other than the one Monte Poole already provided yesterday, which is that the A #39;s and Boston Red Sox are about as similarly potent as whiskey and milk.
Spain #39;s Freire wins sixth cycling stage Spain #39;s Oscar Freire won the sixth stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Thursday, and countryman Manuel Beltran of the US Postal Service team kept his lead as the overall standings remained unchanged.
Best of times, worst of times The smiles should be wider than the Wasatch Mountains this week at The Y., as they call Brigham Young University. The Cougars are coming off a triumph of Biblical proportion over Notre Dame, in 
Cricket telecast: Opportunity for lost bidders EVEN as Zee Telefilms chalks out its strategy for the cricket rights, legal experts are of the opinion that the Bombay High Court #39;s suggestion for a fresh round of bidding could open options for the other broadcasters who had lost out in the first round.
Nokia Raises Outlook on Better Phone Sales (AP) AP - Nokia said Thursday its third-quarter revenue and profits would be better than expected, citing an increase in mobile phone sales. The news pushed its shares up nearly 6.5 percent in trading.
Hudson Hopes A's Received Wake-Up Call (AP) AP - Tim Hudson hopes being swept by Boston will serve as a wakeup call for the Oakland Athletics.
US declares genocide in Sudan afrol News, 9 September - US Secretary of State Colin Powell today made a statement saying his government had reached  quot;the conclusion that genocide has occurred and may still be occurring in Darfur.
Australian embassy blast not linked to elections: Downer JAKARTA : A deadly bomb blast outside Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta was not linked to next month #39;s Australian elections or forthcoming polls in Indonesia, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Anger At US Chechen Policy (CBS/AP) Russia castigated the United States on Wednesday for its willingness to hold talks with Chechens agitating for independence and suggested the issue could harm bilateral relations, the Interfax news agency reported.
At least 3 killed in blast at Australian Embassy Jakarta, Indonesia -- A powerful bomb exploded near the Australian Embassy in Jakarta early today, killing at least three people and wounding 50, witnesses and officials said.
Two More Arrests in South Africa Weapons Probe South Africa has arrested two men in an investigation into alleged trafficking of equipment used to build nuclear weapons. Authorities say Daniel Geiges and Gerhard Wisser are charged with illegally importing 
Defense officials: Arafat expulsion unlikely Senior defense officials dismissed as  quot;empty words meant for domestic political consumption quot; Foreign Minster Silvan Shalom #39;s call to expel Palestinian Authority head Yasser Arafat.
HK legislative poll points to the future When the British ruled Hong Kong, as pro-Beijing politicians are fond of pointing out, the territory #39;s people had no direct influence over the way they were governed.
Nepal #39;s PM in India to Seek Help Tackling Maoist Revolt Nepalese Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba has begun a five day official visit to New Delhi aimed at seeking crucial support in Nepal #39;s battle against a deadly Maoist insurgency.
Iraqi President Calls Debt Relief 9 September 2004 -- Iraqi President Ghazi Ajil al-Yawir met today with German leaders and renewed a call for Iraq #39;s foreign debt to be forgiven.
Center Fiddler Re-Signs With Predators (AP) AP - Center Vernon Fiddler re-signed with the Nashville Predators on Thursday after playing most of last season with the team's AHL club.
DoCoMo strategists focus on convergence (FT.com) FT.com - NTT DoCoMo, Japan's dominant mobile operator, is planning to offer combined fixed and mobile services to business and residential customers. It is the latest sign of growing global interest in convergence between the two technologies.
Ont. attorney general says pit bull problem more urgent than first imagined (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The problem of pit bull attacks in Ontario is more widespread and "more urgent than we imagined in the first place," Attorney General Michael Bryant said Thursday as he vowed action to protect the public from the dogs.
IBM, Brazil Partner to Promote Open Source (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The first fruits of IBM and Brazil's partnership is a new technology center that will provide open-source software educational support.
Harrington Leads German Masters by Stroke (AP) AP - European Ryder Cup player Padraig Harrington, playing days after laser eye surgery, broke his slump with a 6-under-par 66 Thursday for one-stroke lead over Alex Cejka at the German Masters.
IBM Database Eases Maintenance Burden (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has released what it says is the first software that automatically self-manages and self-tunes databases containing key business information without human intervention.
Bush Courts Pa. Swing Voters on Economy (AP) AP - President Bush wooed suburban swing voters Thursday with hopeful words about the economy, contending his administration is making progress for American workers and portraying rival John Kerry as a tax-and-spend Democrat.
What Is Your CRM Personality? - Part 2 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - In Part 1 of this series, \Gartner research director Scott Nelson made the case that the decision to buy a CRM application involves much more than price, implementation costs and strategic goals of the company.
Federer Survives Agassi Comeback to Reach Semifinals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer survived a  stirring comeback from twice champion Andre Agassi to reach the  semi-finals of the U.S. Open for the first time on Thursday,  squeezing through 6-3, 2-6, 7-5, 3-6, 6-3.
Apple Fixes OS X Security Flaws (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) has released a patch for its Macintosh OS X operating system that fixes 15 security problems in the software.
NASA Securing Space Center for Ivan (AP) AP - Still picking up the pieces after Hurricane Frances, NASA braced on Thursday for the even more menacing Ivan, hurriedly moving mangled strips of aluminum siding and exposed equipment into the hangar that once housed the wreckage of space shuttle Columbia.
Fitch Ratings reports concerns about Delta #39;s Dallas dehubbing Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s plans to eliminate its hub at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and redistribute its aircraft among its other hubs cities provides the other hubs some short-term benefits, but heightens some long-term credit concerns 
OPEC President Says Politics Pushing Oil Prices Higher The president of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, Purnomo Yusgiantoro, said global political uncertainties and concerns likely account for US\$10 to \$15 per barrel, or up to one third, of current world oil prices.
National Semiconductor profit surges SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- The National Semiconductor Corp. said Thursday profit for its latest quarter surged nearly fourfold amid a 29 percent jump in revenue.
Fidelity acquires Atlanta company, delays IPO Fidelity National Financial Inc. (NYSE: FNF) has reached an agreement to purchase an Atlanta technology company for nearly \$400 million, a transaction large enough to cause Fidelity to delay the initial public 
Hurricane Ivan Reschedules Titans and Dolphins Game  Miami, Florida (Sports Network) - Due to the possible  threat of Hurricane Ivan, the NFL has rescheduled the  Titans/Dolphins game up a day to Saturday at 1:00 p.m. (et).
Extinction May Have Trickle-Down Effect (AP) AP - Conservationists concerned about the extinction of plants and animals may be overlooking the danger to thousands of other species that depend on the threatened ones.
Oxygen Generator Fails on Space Station (AP) AP - The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board will tap into an attached cargo ship's air supply this weekend, NASA said Thursday.
Microsoft set to ship Virtual Server 2005 SEPTEMBER 09, 2004 (NETWORK WORLD) - Microsoft Corp. next month will release Virtual Server 2005, its first foray into server virtualization and a key element of the broad management platform the company is creating for Windows.
Yahoo Tests Travel Search Engine Yahoo began testing a new travel search engine Tuesday night that can be used to book flights, hotels and cars from more than 50 travel sites.
Russia Insists It Still Intends to Approve Kyoto (Reuters) Reuters - Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov insisted\on Thursday Russia still intended to approve the Kyoto pact on\climate change, despite official papers showing the government\was turning against it.
Six British soldiers feared dead in chopper crash Six British armed forces personnel are feared dead after a helicopter crashed while on exercises in the Czech Republic. Reports suggest that a British Army Air Corps Lynx helicopter crashed near Brno in the 
Hong Kong political climate toxic: HRW China has created a  quot;toxic political climate quot; in Hong Kong through threats and intimidation designed to skew this week #39;s elections in favour of pro-Beijing candidates, according to a global rights watchdog.
China #39;s worst floods in a century kill at least 172, injure &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China #39;s Sichuan province faced the threat of epidemics yesterday after the worst flooding in a century killed at least 172 people and 
Harrington Enjoys Welcome Return to Form  COLOGNE, Germany (Reuters) - Padraig Harrington led the way  in the German Masters first round Thursday as Europe's Ryder  Cup players warmed up for next week's match against the United  States.
Qaeda's Zawahri Appears in New Tape on Al Jazeera  DUBAI (Reuters) - Ayman al-Zawahri, the number two figure  in al Qaeda, appeared in a new videotape aired on Al Jazeera on  Thursday, ridiculing U.S. forces which he said were "hiding in  their trenches" in Afghanistan.
Gatlin and Greene Head Field in Yokohama  TOKYO (Reuters) - Justin Gatlin will face Maurice Greene,  whose Olympic title he took in Athens last month, in a  high-quality 100 meters race in Yokohama on September 23,  organizers said Thursday.
Jakarta Embassy Bomb Attack Kills Nine, Wounds 182  JAKARTA (Reuters) - A powerful car bomb exploded outside  the Australian embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing at least  nine people and wounding 182 in an attack Indonesian police  blamed on Islamic militants linked to al Qaeda.
Jobless Claims Drop, Imports Hit Highs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Far fewer Americans made  initial  jobless claims than expected last week as the effects of  Hurricane Charley faded, government data showed on Thursday,  while import prices hit an 18-month high and inventories grew.
How Germs Suck Iron to Cause Infections (AP) AP - Could that ancient practice of bleeding patients really have done some good? A scientist says new research on how germs thrive in the body suggests it just may have  #151; for some people.
Abbas meets Palestinian militant leaders Damascus: PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas held talks with the leaders of three Damascus-based Palestinian militant groups as well as Syria #39;s president as he made the first official Palestinian visit to the country since 1996.
Oil Spurts Up as U.S. Inventories Dwindle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices jumped nearly two dollars  on Thursday after the U.S. government said crude stocks fell to  a fresh five-month low last week and distillate fuel  inventories barely grew ahead of winter.
Baby Bells See Rivals Taking Fewer Phones  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three of the nation's dominant local  telephone companies said on Thursday that they had seen a sharp  drop-off in new residential lines leased to competitors since  AT T Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=T.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt; announced a retreat from residential service  in July due to changing federal rules.
Treasuries Down After 'Ugly' Auction  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Treasuries prices fell on Thursday  after results of an auction of U.S. government debt were weaker  than expected and drew almost no private demand.
'Price Fatigue' Hurting Beef Sales-Tyson  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Tyson Foods Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSN.N&lt;/A&gt;., the world's  largest meat company, said on Thursday that high beef prices  may have consumers shifting to pork and chicken, but its beef  segment should do well later this year.
American Axle Cuts 2004 Earnings Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - American Axle   Manufacturing Holdings  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AXL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AXL.N&lt;/A&gt;, an auto parts supplier, on Thursday cut its 2004  earnings forecast, citing planned production cuts by its  customers and higher raw material costs.
Nucor Raises Forecast, Payout, Sets Split  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nucor Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NUE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NUE.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the top  U.S. steelmakers, raised its quarterly profit forecast as much  as 44 percent on Thursday due to surging steel prices, sending  its shares to more than 20-year highs.
Nokia Lifts Tech Stocks; Blue Chips Slip  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology stocks were given a lift on  Thursday when bellwether Nokia raised its earnings forecast,  but blue chips were lower as oil prices moved higher,  increasing concerns about future corporate profits and consumer  spending.
Jobless Claims Drop, Imports Hit Highs Far fewer Americans made initial jobless claims than expected last week as the effects of Hurricane Charley faded, government data showed on Thursday, while import prices hit an 18-month high and inventories grew.
Regional Grocer Pathmark Posts a Loss Regional grocer Pathmark Stores Inc. (PTMK) on Thursday reported a quarterly loss and warned that it was in danger of breaching some debt covenants by the end of the current quarter as it grapples with weaker sales and rising costs.
FAO Schwarz takes high-end road for survival Posh toy seller FAO Schwarz, forced into bankruptcy after a price war with discount giants like Wal-Mart, hopes offerings like a \$12,000 treehouse will lure the 
Cash America Places \$253M Bet on Territory Swap FORT WORTH-In a dual-pronged move, Cash America International Inc. has exited the European market after a 12-year run and has dibs on buying a competitor to get a foothold in the Western US.
House Moves Second Spyware Bill Along The Judiciary Committee of the US House of Representatives on Wednesday passed its own version of an anti-spyware bill, setting the stage for a showdown between it and a similar bill that went through another committee.
Microsoft to Launch Virtual Server 2005 Virtualization will get another lift next week when Microsoft (Quote, Chart) rolls out its Virtual Server 2005, a product geared to help companies efficiently pool computing resources.
Ask Matt Q: How will Microsoft #39;s decision to get into the downloadable music business affect the company? A: Microsoft must have been quietly and enviously sitting in the background as Apple Computer has created a revolution in computing.
Sasser Hacker Faces Five Years The German teenager identified in May as the creator of the Sasser and Netsky worms was indicted and charged in court Wednesday, and may face as many as five years in jail for his escapades.
Federer Wins to Join Henman in US Open Semifinals (Update1) Top-seeded Roger Federer of Switzerland beat two-time champion Andre Agassi in five sets to reach the US Open semifinals for the first time, where he will play Britain #39;s Tim Henman.
Tennis Replay System Not Coming Anytime Soon While all the buzz at the rainy US Open is about the need for instant replay, don #39;t hold your breath. Replay won #39;t be coming to an umpire chair near you anytime soon.
UPDATE 1-Harrington enjoys welcome return to form Padraig Harrington led the way in the German Masters first round on Thursday as Europe #39;s Ryder Cup players warmed up for next week #39;s match against the United States.
French Formula One Driver Panis to Retire from Grand Prix French Formula One driver Olivier Panis says that he will retire from the Grand Prix circuit at the end of this season but will stay with the Toyota team as an advisor.
Czechs hungry for Canada The Czech team landed in Toronto via Greenland yesterday and had a midnight practice according to the body clocks, but there was a discernible spring in their step and swagger to their skating stride.
Mets, Benson cool off Marlins MIAMI - Kris Benson took a shutout into the seventh inning, Eric Valent homered and the New York Mets ended three streaks Thursday by beating the Florida Marlins 4-0.
Top of 3rd - DeJesus walked on a full count, D.Brown scored, A.Castillo to third, Gotay to second. - Berroa singled to center, A.Castillo scored, Gotay to third, DeJesus to second.
Cycling: Freire wins sixth stage in Spain CASTELLON, France : Spain #39;s Oscar Freire won the sixth stage of the Tour of Spain, a 157km run between Benicarlo and here, while US Postal rider Manuel Beltran, also of Spain, stayed in the overall lead.
Friday Night Football Anticipation building for opener Now that Frances has moved through the state of Florida - and another storm is not scheduled to hit the United States until next week - anticipation is building for the Florida State-Miami game.
Dupont Settles Teflon Lawsuit DuPont agreed to a settlement Thursday that could be worth more than \$340 million to resolve a class action lawsuit alleging the chemical giant contaminated a West Virginia community's water supply with a key ingredient used in its Teflon products.
Cracker Barrel Announces \$8.7M Settlement Cracker Barrel has agreed to an \$8.7 million settlement to resolve all lawsuits brought or supported by the NAACP that accused the restaurant chain of segregating blacks in the smoking section and denying them service.
Ford Recalls Econoline Vans to Fix Brakes &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;F.N&gt; said on Thursday\it is recalling 234,208 Econoline vans in North America to fix\a defect in the anti-lock brake unit that can spark fires even\when the vehicles are parked.&lt;/p&gt;
Powell Says Sudan Sponsoring Genocide in Darfur (Update3) Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sudan #39;s government is sponsoring atrocities in its western Darfur region that amount to genocide, buttressing the US case for the United Nations to levy economic sanctions on the African nation.
Blast  #39;bears JI hallmarks #39; THE Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta which killed at least nine people was an indication al-Qaeda linked militants in Indonesia were regrouping, Indonesian police said today.
Chechen Rebels Offer \$20 Million Reward for Putin Chechen rebels are offering a \$20 million reward for the capture of Russian President Vladimir Putin. A Chechen separatist web site posted the offer of a bounty Thursday, a day after Russia offered \$10 million 
US forces on offensive in 3 Iraq rebel strongholds US-led forces launched operations in three Iraqi rebel strongholds on Thursday, killing nearly two dozen insurgents in a town near the Syrian border and bombing targets in Fallujah for the third straight day.
Flood crest safely passes Yangtze dam BEIJING A flood crest passed safely through the Three Gorges Dam on China #39;s Yangtze River on Thursday as devastated communities upstream cleaned up from floods that had killed at least 177 people and injured thousands.
Iraqi president appeals for aid FAZ Weekly. Iraqi President Ghazi Yawer made all of the important political stops in Berlin on Thursday, seeing the German president, the development minister and finally the chancellor.
Australia firm after Jakarta bomb \Australia says it will not be cowed by terrorism, after a bomb at its embassy in Indonesia kills nine people.
Germany seeks truck payment The German government is seeking more than 4.5bn euros compensation from the consortium behind a late-running toll system.
Nokia sees rise in handset sales The Finnish mobile phone giant says its next results will now be better than expected, thanks to a boost in handset sales.
Epic food convoy crosses Sahara The first convoy of food for Sudanese refugees arrives in Chad from Libya, crossing the Sahara Desert.
Real sells 3m tracks at a loss RealNetworks says it increased its share of the online music market after halving the price of tunes.
U.S. Forces Take Action in Areas Dominated by Iraqi Insurgents U.S. forces entered Samarra to re-assert Iraqi government authority, bombed a building in Falluja, and reportedly clashed with rebels in a town near the Syrian border.
Senators Censure C.I.A. in Probe of Iraqi Prison Abuse The C.I.A. was criticized today for failing to provide Army investigators with documents on unregistered "ghost detainees."
Car Bomb Near Embassy in Indonesia Kills 9 JAKARTA, Indonesia - Suspected Muslim militants detonated a car bomb Thursday outside the Australian Embassy in Jakarta, killing nine people and wounding 161 in a bloody strike at a key U.S. ally in the war in Iraq...
Ali Calls for U.S. Boxing Commission WASHINGTON - Boxing great Muhammad Ali asked Congress on Thursday to create a U.S. Boxing Commission, saying oversight by the federal government is needed to protect boxers from exploitation and injury...
Memos: Bush Refused Order While in Guard WASHINGTON - Addressing questions that have lingered for years, newly unearthed memos state that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, that he refused a direct order and that his superiors were in a state of turmoil over how to evaluate his performance after he was suspended from flying...
Royals Erupt for 26 Runs Joe Randa ties a major-league record with six runs scored as the Kansas City Royals break a club record for runs in a 26-5 rout of the Detroit Tigers in the first game of a doubleheader on Thursday.
America's Car-Mart Accelerates The used-car dealer produces better-than-expected results for the first quarter.
Kanye West Dominates Source Nominations NEW YORK - Rapper-producer Kanye West received a leading six Source Hip-Hop Music Awards nominations Thursday, while Ludacris got five.    West's nominations included best album, video, lyricist and producer of the year...
Inmates in Charge of Travelzoo When a company with a small float comes unhinged from reality, look out.
Talking Up Nokia After guiding earnings expectations lower, Nokia is now saying results will be better than expected.
NFL Moves Game to Sat. The Miami Dolphins will play their NFL regular-season opener at home against the Tennessee Titans on Saturday instead of Sunday because of the threat of Hurricane Ivan.
Cash America #39;s Pawnshop Swap Cash America International (NYSE: PWN) is in the secured non-recourse lending business. That is, it operates pawnshops. In fact, the company operates quite a few: more than 700.
IDF - Intel seeks role in development of the next Internet To handle the demands of the next-generation Internet, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over the existing Internet structure, said Intel Corp.
IBM strikes out at Intel with new Opteron box &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Still behind HP and Sun
Nokia sees rise in handset sales The mobile phone giant says its next results will now be better than expected, thanks to a boost in handset sales.
RealNetworks Ends Download 49-Cent Promo  SEATTLE (Reuters) - RealNetworks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RNWK.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RNWK.O&lt;/A&gt; is ending  its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the  promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet  media and software company said on Thursday.
FCC Insists Broadband Deployment Improving  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. communications regulators on  Thursday insisted the United States was making progress in  rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling  further behind other countries.
'F' Is for File Sharing Colleges throughout the region, faced with cease-and-desist letters and straining bandwidth resources, have stepped up their efforts to curtail students' illegal downloads of copyrighted music.&lt;br&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Baby Bells See Rivals Taking Fewer Phones &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Justin Hyde&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three of the nation's dominant local\telephone companies said on Thursday that they had seen a sharp\drop-off in new residential lines leased to competitors since\AT T Corp. &lt;T.N&gt; announced a retreat from residential service\in July due to changing federal rules.&lt;/p&gt;
Serbia reverses ban on Darwinism Belgrade overturns a ban on the teaching of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution in schools.
Morning Planets The morning sky this weekend is sparkling. Wake up early to see Mercury, Venus, Saturn and more.
NASA Capsule With Solar Particles Crashes in Utah A capsule jettisoned to Earth by NASA's Genesis spacecraft today failed to deploy its parachute and crash-landed in the Utah desert.
Dinosaurs Were Doting Parents, Fossil Find Suggests Researchers in China have unearthed the fossil remains of a parrotlike dinosaur surrounded by 34 juveniles. The find suggests dinosaurs were nurturing parents.
Former NBA Star Calvin Murphy Cleared Of Molestation Charges HOUSTON -- Jurors on Monday found former Houston Rocket Calvin Murphy not guilty of sexually assaulting five of his daughters. Jurors found Murphy not guilty on all counts -- three charges of indecency with 
NASA Securing Space Center for Arrival of Hurricane Ivan By MARCIA DUNN     CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- Still picking up the pieces after Hurricane Frances, NASA braced on Thursday for the even more menacing Ivan, hurriedly moving mangled strips of aluminum siding and exposed equipment into the hangar that once housed the wreckage of space shuttle Columbia...
Hubble Telescope Captures Image of Sauron's Eye The Cat's Eye Nebula was the first planetary nebula ever to be discovered but its complex gas layers give knots and jets like the Lord of the Ring's famous floating eye of Sauron.    Astrobiology Magazine -- A new study of a large number of planetary nebulae has revealed that rings, such as those seen here around the Cat's Eye Nebula, are much more common that thought so far and have been found in at least one third of all planetary nebulae...
More American Youths Abusing Prescription Drugs By SIOBHAN McDONOUGH    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Fewer American youths are using marijuana, LSD and Ecstasy, but more are abusing prescription drugs, says a government report released Thursday.    The 2003 National Survey on Drug Use and Health also found youths and young adults are more aware of the risks of using pot once a month or more frequently...
Briefly: EdgeStream introduces IPTV platform roundup Plus: Dolby, Intel sound off for developers...AOL updates Instant Messenger...Push-to-talk wiretaps on feds' speed list...Tellabs scales back AFC buy.
Digital cinema moves closer to local multiplex A movie studio coalition says it has worked out standards for films without film.
Oracle v. DOJ: A shadow over Oracle special coverage Hostile bid for PeopleSoft hurts Oracle's image among IT professionals.
EU pledges \$63 million for grid computing Grants aim to accelerate European research into business applications of shared computing.
Nokia to offer phones with 'old-world' styling One of the new handsets invokes Garbo, according to the Finnish phone giant. Another is described as "sleek and sexy."
Nets Get Solid Return From Kidd While They Can Jason Kidd is back. The question now is for how long. The 34-year-old Kidd, who underwent off-season knee surgery, made his long-awaited season debut for the Nets 
Future portables go much faster all day, says Intel Beefier batteries and multicore chips aim to make Intel's future mobiles more like desktops.
Iraq Kidnappings Unite Italians Description: The kidnapping of two Italian aid workers in Iraq has united their home country. The women were both known as opponents of the Iraq war.
US broadband users triple in less than three years WASHINGTON - The number of broadband users in the U.S. nearly tripled in the past two and a half years to more than 48 million subscribers, according to a report released Thursday by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
File-trading penalties legislation moves forward WASHINGTON - Legislation that would expand the definition of criminal file-trading over the Internet was approved Wednesday by the U.S. House Judiciary Committee.
IDF - Intel seeks role in development of the next Internet SAN FRANCISCO - To handle the demands of the next-generation Internet, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over the existing Internet structure, said Intel Corp. Chief Technology Officer Pat Gelsinger, during his concluding address at the Intel Developer Forum Thursday.
EU court to review MCI ruling BRUSSELS -- The European Union's (E.U.'s) Court of First Instance will rule on Sept. 28 whether the European Commission had the right to block the aborted merger between U.S. telecommunications giant MCI Inc. (formerly WorldCom Inc.) and Sprint Corp.
BusinessWeek Chooses Outsider as Editor in Chief BusinessWeek, reaching outside its own ranks, announced yesterday that it had selected Stephen J. Adler, a senior editor of The Wall Street Journal, as its next editor in chief.
NFL 2004: Garcia a Good Fit for Browns (AP) AP - Check out any sporting goods store around town and you'll find them cluttering the clearance racks: brown, white and orange No. 2 jerseys  #151; in any size.
Mexico, U.S. Unveil Border Clean-Up Plan (AP) AP - With 5 million discarded tires littering the background, the United States and Mexico announced an accord Thursday to clean up the mountains of rusty cars, smashed school buses and rotting rubber that are a blight on the border.
Davenport, Capriati Headline Open Semis (AP) AP - No. 1 is gone. So is No. 2. The French Open champion and the Wimbledon champion left days ago and the Williams sisters were done soon after that.
Jury rules 9/11 counts as two attacks for insurance purposes A federal jury Monday ruled in favor of World Trade Center (WTC) leaseholder Larry Silverstein inthe second phase of his insurance trial, deciding that the two hijacked planes 
Arar says in-laws interrogated in Tunisia, blames Canadian authorities (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Maher Arar says two of his in-laws were interrogated by Tunisian secret police and he suspects it was done on behalf of Canadian authorities.
Federer Survives Agassi Comeback to Reach Semifinals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer survived a  stirring comeback from twice champion Andre Agassi to reach the  semifinals of the U.S. Open for the first time on Thursday,  squeezing through 6-3, 2-6, 7-5, 3-6, 6-3.
Henman Sinks Hrbaty to Reach Semifinal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tim Henman shrugged off an early  setback to reach the U.S. Open semifinals for the first time by  completing a 6-1, 7-5, 5-7, 6-2 win over Dominik Hrbaty on  Thursday.
Kerry: Bush Is No Good Samaritan (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush Thursday of failing the Biblical test set by the Good Samaritan, saying, "He's seen people in need, but he's crossed over to the other side of the street."
Turmeric May Protect Against Leukemia -Scientist (Reuters) Reuters - Turmeric, a spice used extensively in\Asia as a key ingredient of curry, may be protecting children\against leukemia, a scientist said on Thursday.
Dollar Supported by Dip in Jobless Claims  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The dollar posted mild gains against  most major currencies on Thursday after a U.S. jobless claims  report suggested stable job creation, although analysts said  Hurricane Charley likely skewed the weekly data.
Federer Beats Agassi to Reach Open Semis NEW YORK - Roger Federer posted a huge win in the howling wind, beating two-time champion Andre Agassi 6-3, 2-6, 7-5, 3-6, 6-3 Thursday in a U.S. Open quarterfinal match suspended the previous night because of rain...
Problems Plague Bank of America #39;s Fleet Merger Nearly a year after agreeing to buy FleetBoston Financial Corp., Bank of America Corp. has found it still has a lot of explaining to do in New England.
Potential \$340M Teflon settlement The DuPont Co. agreed to a settlement potentially worth more than \$340 million Thursday to resolve allegations the chemical giant contaminated drinking water in West Virginia 
New Moon, Ring Found Around Saturn Sept. 9, 2004 - Images sent back to Earth by the Cassini spacecraft reveal aspects of Saturn scientists have never seen: another moon -ossibly two  - a ring of material.
RealNetworks Sells 3 Mln Songs, Ends Download Promo RealNetworks Inc. RNWK.O is ending its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet media and software company said on Thursday.
Fresh BlackBerrys In the annals of consumer electronics, certain devices have proven so compelling they #39;ve created consumer cults. You know, Mac heads.
 #39;Canes have been magic against  #39;Noles So, I was thinking, maybe the University of Miami would want to change its nickname, and soon. I know, I know, this is not funny to anyone in the state of Florida.
Game of the Week Why to watch: With fireworks during and after the game, who doesn #39;t want to watch Texas Tech football? The Red Raiders are at it again as Sonnie Cumbie had a big game against SMU before head coach Mike Leach 
Afghan President Condemns Violence Against Aid Workers Afghan President Hamid Karzai has expressed concern about violence against aid agencies in the country. The president #39;s office said Thursday non-governmental organizations have provided invaluable services 
OpenGL updates graphics code The graphics library, an alternative to Microsoft's DirectX, gets new features designed to add razzle-dazzle to PC games.
Why Greenspan Is Staying the Course When Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan kicked off his credit-tightening campaign on June 30, there was no question why he was raising interest rates.
Cracker Barrel announces \$8.7M bias settlement Cracker Barrel (CBRL) has agreed to an \$8.7 million settlement to resolve all lawsuits brought or supported by the NAACP that accused the restaurant chain of segregating blacks in the smoking section and denying them service.
Real sells 3m tracks at a loss Media software firm RealNetworks says it sold more than three million tracks thanks to an aggressive three-week price promotion in the US.
Mainstream Companies Seek Charming Programmers Are you a charmer with strong programming skills? Can you find happiness toiling in the IT department of a manufacturer or transportation company?
File-trading penalties legislation moves forward Legislation that would expand the definition of criminal file-trading over the Internet was approved Wednesday by the US House Judiciary Committee.
Sasser author indicted p2pnet.net News:- Sasser worm author Sven Jaschan has been indicted in Germany with computer espionage. Sasser was written as a kind of anti-virus virus unleashed against the likes of Mydoom #39; and Bagle, Jaschan said.
In the News European Ryder Cup player Padraig Harrington broke out of his form slump Thursday to take a one-stroke lead at the German Masters with a 6-under-par 66.
Germany gets aggressive Brazil, Berlin, my first home game. It doesn #39;t get any better than that, Jrgen Klinsmann said in preparation for the showdown between the German soccer team and the 2002 world-champion Brazilians.
Swedes Czech out early The scattered tickets outside the Globe Arena told the story. There were no souvenirs from this one. In yet another important game that demanded the team be at its best, Sweden was at its worst.
Browns #39; Suggs Doubtful Against Ravens Cleveland Browns running back Lee Suggs did not practice today and is listed as doubtful for Sunday #39;s season opener against the Baltimore Ravens.
Sudan rejects Darfur  #39;genocide #39; label Sudan has rejected a declaration by the US that the alleged atrocities in the country #39;s troubled Darfur region was genocide.  quot;This is just another sort of pressure brought against the government of Sudan by 
Jamaicans told to pray as storm looms ST. GEORGE #39;S, GRENADA - Jamaica #39;s Prime Minister urged his country to pray Thursday as the Category 5 hurricane Ivan headed toward the island nation after killing 20 people elsewhere in the Caribbean.
Foreign aid workers in Iraq plan pull out: World News Baghdad, Sep 9 : Foreign aid workers in Iraq are planning to leave the war-torn country since the kidnapping of two Italian women aid workers, Xinhua reports Thursday.
Arab Commentators Examine Terrorism, Islam Link The violent hostage-taking at a school in Russia last week blamed on Chechen terrorists has sparked condemnation from the Arab media in the Middle East.
Nokia Raises Outlook on Global Phone Sales By MATTI HUUHTANEN    HELSINKI, Finland (AP) -- Nokia said Thursday its third-quarter revenue and profits would be better than expected, citing an increase in mobile phone sales. The news pushed its shares up nearly 6.5 percent in trading...
New Lubricant Could Improve Hard Drive Performance By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- A newly developed lubricant could improve the performance, capacity and longevity of hard drives used widely in computers, music players, video recorders and other devices, researchers say...
News: McAfee app raids Mac users' inboxes Apple has stopped offering the latest version of McAfee's anti-virus package to Mac users following reports of widespread problems with the software.
Hurricane Ivan Reschedules Titans and Dolphins Game (Reuters) Reuters - Due to the possible threat of\Hurricane Ivan, the NFL has rescheduled the Titans/Dolphins\game up a day to Saturday at 1:00 p.m. EDT.
Harrington Chooses Country Over Cousin (AP) AP - It took Joey Harrington about one second to choose between red, white and blue  #151; and blood.
Boone Powers UConn Josh Boone assumes the mantle left with the exit of Emeka Okafor with a double-double to muscle the No. 7 Huskies to a 97-60 romp over Northeastern on Monday.
House Votes to Block New Overtime Rules (AP) AP - In a sharp rebuke of a new administration policy, the House moved Thursday to block the Labor Department from carrying out overtime rules that critics argued could deprive millions of workers of their overtime pay.
Applebee's Sees Room for More Outlets  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Restaurant chain Applebee's  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=APPB.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;APPB.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said there was room for  at least 3,000 of its namesake restaurants in the United  States, nearly double the existing number.
Samsung Cell Phones to Get Tiny Hard Drive Samsung's new SPH-V5400 mobile phone sports a built-in 1-inch, 1.5-gigabyte hard disk that can store about 15 times more data than conventional handsets, Samsung said.
Report: Islamic Group Says Behind Jakarta Bomb  DUBAI (Reuters) - The Jemaah Islamiah group said in a  purported Internet statement it carried out Thursday's attack  on the Australian embassy in Jakarta, and warned of more unless  Australia withdraws forces from Iraq.
Keeping an Eye on Movado Movado is worth watching because its acquisition of Ebel should boost international sales.
OpenGL galvanizes game graphics The graphics library, an alternative to Microsoft's DirectX, gets new features designed to add razzle-dazzle to PC games.
Frank Quattrone Is a Bad Man Former Credit Suisse First Boston (NYSE: CSR) investment banker Frank Quattrone #39;s gamble on a jury trial came to a close yesterday when he was sentenced to 18 months in prison for obstruction of justice.
Update 3: DuPont Agrees to Settle in Teflon Suit DuPont agreed on Thursday to pay as much as \$343 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging the chemical giant contaminated drinking water supplies in West Virginia and Ohio with a key ingredient of its Teflon product.
Stocks close mixed... The Dow Jones industrial average fell 24 to ten-thousand-289. But gainers on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered losers by a better than three-to-two margin.
FDA Questions AstraZeneca #39;s Stroke Pill An FDA review of AstraZeneca Plc #39;s (AZN.L: Quote, Profile, Research) (AZN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Exanta questioned the experimental drug #39;s 
US Labor Groups File China Currency Complaint, Urge Sanctions A coalition of US labor unions said China #39;s policy of setting the value of the yuan is hurting American businesses and asked the Bush administration to file a lawsuit at the World Trade Organization on their behalf.
Genesis Capsule a  #39;Mangled Mess #39; Yesterdays crash of the Genesis sample return canister forced scientists to look for slivers of hope in the busted up remains of fragile collection arrays.
Qualcomm Has Eyes For Displays NEW YORK - Why would wireless chip company Qualcomm want to get into the display business? To do what it does best: license technology to mobile phone manufacturers everywhere.
Extinct Species Take Others Along, Study Finds More than 6,000 species of butterflies and other insects, as well as mites, fungi and assorted unloved but important species, will also be wiped out when listed endangered species go extinct, scientists said on Thursday.
Unisys wins DOD health system contract The Defense Department awarded a \$31 million contract for implementation and training services to Unisys Corp. The contract pertains to DOD #39;s electronic medical records system, called the Composite Health Care System (CHCS) II.
Allchin #39;s last stand? COMMENTARY -- Jim Allchin has a thing about video. The Windows chief is a brilliant engineer, keeper of Redmond #39;s crown jewels, and easily the most powerful person at Microsoft after Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer.
Federer knocks out Agassi at US Open Gusting winds and a gutsy Andre Agassi were not enough to blow Roger Federer away. Federer moved into his first US Open semifinal on Thursday, completing a five-set thriller over Agassi and 
Investors see Eagles, Pats in Super Bowl Futures market lets investors buy and sell right to see teams if they make it to the big game. By Chris Isidore, CNN/Money senior writer.
NFL 2004: Garcia a good fit for Browns Check out any sporting goods store around town and you #39;ll find them cluttering the clearance racks: brown, white and orange No.
Kansas City Royals News There #39;s something very strange about the Royals and Tigers on Thursday afternoons. Baseball scores start looking more like football scores.
Yukos Stock Gains on Comments From Putin (AP) AP - Despite reports that the beleaguered oil giant Yukos could receive yet another back tax bill in addition to the  #36;7.5 billion in claims it already faces, the company's stock rallied slightly Thursday on a new statement by President Vladimir Putin that he is not seeking the company's bankruptcy.
Federer Squeezes Past Agassi Into Semifinals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer survived a  stirring comeback from twice champion Andre Agassi to reach the  semi-finals of the U.S. Open for the first time Thursday,  squeezing through 6-3, 2-6, 7-5, 3-6, 6-3.
EDS: 20,000 Job Cuts Over Next 2 Years  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Electronic Data Systems Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EDS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EDS.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the world's biggest computer services company,  is likely to cut up to 20,000 jobs over the next two years, the  company's chief executive said on Thursday.
Edwards Criticizes Cheney on Issues (AP) AP - Sen. John Edwards, who hopes to be vice president come January, went after the current holder of the office Thursday, criticizing Dick Cheney on terrorism, campaign rhetoric and health care.
U.S. Health Insurance Costs Soar, Workers Hit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Health insurance premiums rose five  times faster than U.S. workers' salaries this year, according  to a survey released on Thursday that also showed slippage in  the percentage of American workers covered by employer health  plans.
Timeline of Bush Service in National Guard (AP) AP - Major events in President Bush's Vietnam-era military service with the Air National Guard:
Italy, France Agonize Over Iraq Hostage Crises  PARIS (Reuters) - France's government and opposition showed  rare unity in appealing for the release of two Frenchmen held  in Iraq as an Italian envoy flew to the Middle East on Thursday  to urge freedom for two female Italian aid workers.
Health Premiums Rose 5 Times Faster Than Income in 2004 The figures from a survey released today are likely to throw more people into the ranks of the uninsured, analysts said.
Storms, late holiday contributed to largest drop in 3 years WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The number of workers filing for state unemployment benefits plunged by 44,000 in the week ending Sept. 4 to 319,000, the Labor Department said Thursday.
Court: Calif entitled to new hearing on energy refunds SAN FRANCISCO - The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission improperly calculated how much money energy companies should be required to refund California consumers for allegedly excessive electricity costs, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday.
Serbia reverses ban on Darwin The Serbian government has reversed an order to ban Charles Darwin #39;s theory of evolution from schools, following widespread criticism from scientists.
Super Bowl 39: Patriots -- again It is an accepted axiom in the NFL: Every team has problems. Coaches and team executives commiserate about them like old folks complaining about aches and pains.
Kansas City Royals Team Report - September 8 (Sports Network) - Two of the worst teams in the American League square off this evening when the Kansas City Royals and Detroit Tigers continue their four-game set at Comerica Park.
Israel to shut Gaza, West Bank ISRAELI Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz today ordered a closure of the West Bank and Gaza Strip during the upcoming Jewish holidays, a ministry spokeswoman said.
Oracle ruling expected Friday A source close to the case says a ruling in Justice Dept.'s antitrust suit to stop Oracle from acquiring PeopleSoft may come this week.
FERC faulted for failing to order refunds for California power &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which has refused to approve California #39;s demand for \$2.8 billion in refunds from power companies found to have gouged the state during the 2000-2001 energy crisis, has been ordered to rethink its position and 
Some businesses boom after Fla. hurricanes Every time Paul Mehok of National Nail Co. sees a hurricane coming toward the Southeast, he feels  quot;this little guilt twinge. quot;.
Ivan Forces Titans, Dolphins To Play Saturday MIAMI -- Because of the threat of Hurricane Ivan, the NFL has rescheduled the Tennessee Titans/Miami Dolphins game. The game will now be played at Pro Player Stadium at 1 pm Saturday.
Report: Islamic Group Says Behind Jakarta Bomb The Jemaah Islamiah group said in a purported Internet statement it carried out Thursday #39;s attack on the Australian embassy in Jakarta, and warned of more unless Australia withdraws forces from Iraq.
The Populist Approach Ever since the start of the second Chechen war, the Russian leadership, and President Vladimir Putin in particular, have been terribly fond of saying that we are waging war against international terrorism in Chechnya.
Hardliners Appeal to Israeli Soldiers JERUSALEM Sept. 9, 2004 - A group of prominent Israeli hardliners urged soldiers Thursday to disobey orders to dismantle Jewish settlements, widening the bitter divisions over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s 
India, Nepal discuss Maoist threat India today assured the visiting Prime Minister of Nepal Sher Bahadur Deuba that it would render all possible assistance to Kathmandu in tackling the Maoist insurgency.
OAUG pushes on collaboration with Oracle, other users groups With a focus on educating members about Oracle's 10g database and 11i.10 E-Business Suite, the Oracle Application User Group plans to holds its Connection Point 2004 annual user conference next week in Orlando.
Dell counts on new support hubs to improve service delivery Dell Inc. plans to open several Enterprise Command Centers during the next few months in a bid to improve its service delivery to customers worldwide.
Fla. IT shops suffer minimal disruptions from Frances Data centers in Florida weathered the brunt of Hurricane Frances, suffering only minor disruptions from the Labor Day weekend storm.
Fla. IT managers balance hurricane-related staffing needs With plenty of experience in disaster preparations, IT managers in Florida were ready to handle IT staffing issues during -- and after -- Hurricane Frances.
IBM pushes out new Stinger database IBM next week will ship the latest version of its DB2 Universal Database, which offers new self-tuning capabilities designed to reduce management overhead even as databases grow bigger and harder to maintain.
Online fraud: We got law, but no enforcement Because of the open nature of the Internet, there seems to be no immediate prospects that technology or law enforcement can stem the flood of online fraud.
Keeping IT work close to home Group proposes outsourcing to underutilized, lower-cost IT workers in outlying areas of the U.S. rather than offshore.
German teenager indicted over Sasser worm Eighteen-year-old Sven Jaschan was indicted yesterday for allegedly creating the Sasser worm that crashed hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide after spreading over the Internet.
Microsoft set to ship Virtual Server 2005 Marking its first foray into server virtualization, Microsoft will release its oft-delayed Virtual Server 2005 on Oct. 1. The software allows multiple operating systems to run side by side on a single machine.
P-to-P partner charges RIAA with patent infringement NEW YORK - The litigious Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is involved in another legal dispute with a P-to-P (peer-to-peer) technology maker, but this time, the RIAA is on defense. Altnet Inc. filed a lawsuit Wednesday accusing the RIAA and several of its partners of infringing an Altnet patent covering technology for identifying requested files on a P-to-P network.
Reshuffling Of Flights In And Out Of Tulsa International Airport Layoffs by Delta Airlines in Dallas are being felt in Tulsa. Delta announced Wednesday they #39;re cutting 7,000 jobs by drastically downsizing their Dallas hub.
Decision comes in Oracle vs. DOJ, Oracle prevails Oracle Corp. prevailed Thursday in an antitrust lawsuit filed by the Justice Department attempting to block the Redwood Shores company #39;s \$7.
EDS to cut up to 20,000 jobs over two years Electronic Data Systems plans to cut 15,000 to 20,000 jobs over the next two years, as the struggling technology services giant tries to slash costs and regain its footing.
VW likely to cut 30,000 jobs if negotiations fail Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s biggest carmaker, may cut 30,000 jobs, or almost a fifth of its German workforce, if the labour union representing workers does not agree to a wage 
Cisco to acquire IT management firm Cisco Systems signed an agreement on Thursday to acquire NetSolve, which manages information technology systems, for \$128.7 million in cash.
Settlement in DuPont Water Suit DuPont has agreed to settle a class-action lawsuit in which West Virginia residents accused the company of having contaminated local water supplies with an important chemical used to make Teflon products.
UPDATE 3-Alcoa warns EPS to miss forecasts; shares drop Alcoa Inc. (AA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest aluminum producer, on Thursday warned that third-quarter results would fall far short of 
Tech Stocks End Higher, Oil Prices Climb US technology stocks gained on Thursday after bellwether Nokia raised its earnings forecast, but blue chips slipped as oil prices climbed almost \$2 per barrel, increasing concerns about future corporate profits.
UPDATE 3-Bush team rejects call for China currency probe The Bush administration on Thursday rejected a call from labor, textile and steel groups for an investigation into the value of China #39;s currency that could lead 
Cracker Barrel Settling Discrimination Suits Cracker Barrel has agreed to pay \$8.7 million to settle lawsuits that accused the country-cooking restaurant chain of segregating black customers, subjecting them to racial 
RBC to reorganizes with appointment of Stymiest, streamlining of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Royal Bank of Canada is streamlining its operations and appointing a new chief operating officer - TSX CEO Barbara Stymiest - and a new chief financial officer, two weeks after Canada #39;s biggest bank reported lower quarterly profits 
Cargill sells a number of its steel operations for \$266 million Cargill Inc. in Minnetonka has sold eight of its steel-making facilities, including operations in St. Paul and Duluth, to Gerdau Ameristeel in Toronto for a total of \$266 million.
Scientists Hope Solar Material Intact After Crash Optimistic scientists on Thursday plucked dirt and mud from a mangled capsule which crashed in the Utah desert, hoping to find enough solar dust to yield clues about the dawn of the planetary system.
IBM Debuts Stinger Database Software code-named  quot;Stinger quot; -- featuring autonomic-computing technologies. Big Blue says the new features will reduce the time and skills needed to set up and maintain a database.
RealNetworks Sells Three Million Songs Through Promotion RealNetworks Inc. on Thursday said the three-week cut-rate promotion on its online music store garnered sales of more than 3 million songs.
Intel Sees Web Buckling, Invests in New Systems Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday outlined its vision of the Internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network 
FCC frees up spectrum for 3G com September 9, 2004, 4:46 PM PT. Federal telephone regulators on Thursday set aside more spectrum for third-generation cell phone calls and other advanced wireless services, in a move 
-Posted by dan.farber  5:25 am (PDT) At the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco yesterday, Intel President Paul Otellini provided further details of the chip giants plans to bring multicore processors to servers and desktop PCs, starting with a dual-core server chip in the second half 
Canon Unveils a Cavalcade of Printers If you #39;re thinking of replacing your old inkjet or personal laser printer with a new model that can also make copies--and perhaps scan in color and send faxes as well--Canon wants to be at the top of your shopping list.
Serbs #39; Darwinian battle BELGRADE Serbia #39;s education minister was ridiculed in cartoons and pelted with resignation demands on Thursday for ejecting Charles Darwin from school classrooms in favor of Old Testament  quot;creationism.
Microsoft ready to ship Virtual Server com September 9, 2004, 5:10 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Author of Sasser, Netsky Worms Indicted In an expected move following his arrest and confession earlier this year, an 18-year-old German student has been indicted on computer crimes for his work writing and releasing the Sasser and Netsky worms.
Spammers Hijack Sender ID Microsoft #39;s E-mail-filter technology, Sender ID, is unpopular with open-source advocates but popular with spammers, who are using it to bypass other filters.
DNA Pioneer: Genetic Profiling Not Foolproof a DNA pioneer and geneticist at Leicester University in England -- says the genetic profiles used in criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications.
Microsoft preps XP push, mulls Longhorn  #39;priorities #39; OS Migration has moved to the bottom ranks after making its mark on IT Professional #39;s top five priority last year. With a long-awaited security update to Windows XP now complete, Microsoft is preparing a holiday 
P-to-P partner charges RIAA with patent infringement The litigious Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is involved in another legal dispute with a P-to-P (peer-to-peer) technology maker, but this time, the RIAA is on defense.
Federer plays Agassi #39;s game and still comes out on top com. Roger Federer: Forget any visions you have of Roger Federer being a lumbering, big server whose best surface will always be grass.
India court orders new bids for TV rights sale BOMBAY: Indian cricket #39;s record sale of television rights for \$308-million was put on hold yesterday after a court proposed a re-bid following objections from the sports network which missed out, a report said.
France left bereft as Panis retires The announcement by Olivier Panis here yesterday that he will retire from racing at the end of the season at the age of 38 to take up a testing role at Toyota not only created a vacancy 
NFL opener:  #39;No-touch rule #39; opens door for the little guy LOS ANGELES - Call it the  quot;bump and run, quot; the  quot;chuck quot; or the  quot;five-yard touch. quot;. Now that the swivel-hip singing routines of Jessica Simpson, Destiny #39;s Child, and others in Thursday night #39;s kickoff bash for 
Kahne wins Busch pole at Richmond Impressive rookie Kasey Kahne started what he hopes will be an uplifting weekend Thursday night, winning his first pole of the season in 22 tries in NASCAR #39;s Busch Series.
New York 9, Tampa Bay 1 (1st game) Mike Mussina looked out from the bullpen a half-hour before his start against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays and couldn #39;t believe what he saw: more than 50,000 empty seats at Yankee Stadium.
Titans-Dolphins game moved up 24 hours The National Football League announced Thursday that the game between Tennessee and Miami would be played on Saturday instead of Sunday.
Hurlbert disputes effect of key ruling VAIL, Colo. -- Prosecutors in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case said this week they were unconcerned with a ruling that many legal experts said would have torpedoed their chances of convicting the NBA star.
Kasthari makes himself known Digital technology has now replaced the old photo-finish cameras at Britain #39;s racecourses, but still there are times when even a computer cannot help.
Harrington eyes perfection as Woosnam #39;s hopes sink Padraig Harrington, with next week #39;s Ryder Cup uppermost in his thoughts, emerged from a run of indifferent form with an outstanding 66, six under par, in the first round of the Linde German Masters yesterday.
Scientists sift wreckage of Genesis Scientists are sweeping, vacuuming and picking at the mangled wreckage recovered from the Genesis spacecraft that crashed into the Utah desert on Wednesday.
Laden aide says US forces driven into trenches in Afghanistan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Osama bin Laden #39;s aide, Ayman al-Zawahri, said Thursday in a videotape broadcast by al-Jazeera TV that mujahedeen (holy fighters) have taken control of much of Afghanistan and driven US forces into the  quot;trenches quot;.
28 killed in fighting in N. Iraqi town The death toll rose to 28 and more than 70 were wounded in heavy clashes between the US-Iraqi forces and insurgents in Iraq #39;s northern town of Tall Afar.
Russia warns West on Chechen issue MOSCOW Russia warned the West on Thursday not to interfere in its policies toward Chechnya and said the granting of political asylum to rebel figures by Western governments only worsened problems for most Chechens.
Israeli Forces Attack in Gaza, Killing 7 Arabs Israeli forces continued a major operation in Gaza on Thursday with tanks and armored vehicles to suppress rocket fire into Israel, and in the process killed seven Palestinians.
50 killed in Pakistani air raids on al-Qa #39;eda training camp At least 50 terrorists were killed in air raids on a suspected al-Qa #39;eda training camp near the Afghan border, Pakistan officials said yesterday.
The  #39;Simonas #39; thought dedication to Iraqis protected them MILAN The Two Simonas, as they are called in the Italian press, thought their dedication to helping Iraqis overcome the effects of war and their opposition to the US occupation protected them from the lawlessness of Baghdad.
Hong Kong in Climate of Fear as elections near: report HONG KONG, Sept. 9, 2004The human rights situation in Hong Kong has taken a turn for the worse this year, a human rights group said Thursday, citing Beijing-sponsored political intimidation as the former 
Pakistan and India to continue dialogue on Kashmir: Kasuri NEW DELHI: Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri said that although the Kashmir dispute was central to the peace process it could not be resolved overnight.
Floodcrest passes Three Gorges safely BEIJING - A massive floodcrest passed safely through the Three Gorges Dam on China #39;s Yangtze River yesterday as devastated communities upstream cleaned up from floods that killed at least 177 people and injured thousands.
Son of Late Officer Questions Bush Memos (AP) AP - The authenticity of newly unearthed memos stating that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War was questioned Thursday by the son of the late officer who reportedly wrote the memos.
Is Israel 'Swing State' That Could Tip U.S. Election? (Reuters) Reuters - In this hillside village\known as the "little America" of the West Bank, businessman Abu\Mohammed voted for George W. Bush in the last U.S. election but\vows not to make the same mistake twice.
Senate Condemns Russia School Massacre (AP) AP - The Senate used a voice vote Thursday to denounce the massacre of hundreds at a Russian school and to express its condolences to that nation's people.
Fired Park Police Chief Denies Info Leak (AP) AP - Fighting to get her job back, fired U.S. Park Police Chief Teresa Chambers testified Thursday that she did not divulge classified information when she complained her agency was short on money and staff.
Bush Declares Genocide in Sudan's Darfur  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States declared on  Thursday that the violence in Sudan's Darfur region amounted to  genocide and urged the world to back an expanded African  peacekeeping force to halt the bloodshed.
Indonesia Hunts Australian Embassy Bombers  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia hunted on Friday for the  people behind a car bomb attack that killed nine people outside  the Australian embassy and underlined the vulnerability of the  world's most populous Muslim nation to militant violence.
New Bush military memos released The White House releases new records relating to a row over President Bush's military service.
Clinical drug trials 'distorted' More openness is needed over clinical drug trial results  to stop them being distorted, leading medical journals say.
IBM Promises New DB2 Will Take Better Care Of Itself IBM will begin shipping a new DB2 Universal Database next week that has more self-managing capabilities, extended Linux support, and geospatial technology.
Canon Creates New Industry Category with First Copier-Based Color &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Canon USA, Inc., the nation #39;s market share brand leader in black-and-white and color laser copier/printer solutions(1), today blazes a new trail in the copier/printer industry with the launch of the first copier-based color laser multifunction device 
Lazio president chasing 3.5M from Inter Milan coach Mancini Lazio president Claudio Lotito is considering legal action against Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini over the way he left the club.
Russia: Chechens Were Part of School Raid MOSCOW Sept. 9, 2004 - Ten of the militants who seized a school in southern Russia have been identified and six were from Chechnya, security officials said Thursday, drawing a strong connection to the Chechen 
Czech helicopter accident kills six British soldiers SIX British soldiers died yesterday when their low-flying helicopter hit electricity cables and spiralled out of control in the Czech Republic.
HK media accuses China of meddling in elections HONG KONG - Hong Kong media criticised Beijing yesterday for meddling in this weekend #39;s elections, saying China #39;s new publicity about a pro-democracy candidate jailed for hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
Backpacking trip that ended in death on the River Kwai The British couple murdered in Thailand yesterday were following thousands of tourists who make the trip to the picturesque province of Kanchanaburi every year.
Bombay HC asks ZEE, ESPN to submit fresh bids ZEE Telefilms has sought time from the Bombay High Court to respond to the court #39;s proposal of submitting fresh bids for the BCCI cricket telecast rights to the court.
Sindelar takes early lead with 5-under 66 at rain-delayed Canadian Joey Sindelar had to wait five hours for the Canadian Open to get started Thursday, which was nothing compared with the five weeks he had to wait for his game to show up.
Editorial: The Usual Suspects Another Serie A season is in the pipelines and this coming weekend will see the start of what promises to be a hard fought campaign in which the usual teams will be competing for the top honour.
Hurricane Ivan Rages; Evacuations Begin in Florida Officials in southern Florida began evacuating some people from the Keys as Hurricane Ivan ripped through Grenada, leaving at least 15 dead.
Federer, Henman, Hewitt Win at Windy Open NEW YORK - Andre Agassi sat alone, starting blankly at an Arthur Ashe Stadium doorway, the silence punctured by the rustling leaves on nearby trees. Soon, he'd walk through that exit, his U.S...
Ritter Family Files Wrongful Death Suit LOS ANGELES - The family of John Ritter has sued a Burbank hospital, accusing it of negligence in the death of the 54-year-old actor.    Ritter's wife Amy Yasbeck and his four children, including actor Jason Ritter, filed the wrongful death suit in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Sept...
Powell: Sudan Abuses Qualify As Genocide WASHINGTON - The Bush administration for the first time on Thursday called attacks in Sudan's Darfur region by government-backed Arab militia against black Africans "genocide."   The designation by Secretary of State Colin Powell came as a U.S. proposal in the U.N...
Questions Raised About Bush Guard Service WASHINGTON - New documents unearthed in the midst of the presidential campaign fill in some blanks but raise other questions about the sometimes mysterious and spotty story of President Bush's military service during Vietnam when he won a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard and avoided the war.    Reviving issues that have shadowed his political career, the documents show Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer and lost his status as a Texas Air National Guard pilot more than three decades ago because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical examination...
RealNetworks sells three million songs through promotion RealNetworks this week said the three week cut rate promotion on its online music store garnered sales of more than three million songs.
Sybase Offers Free Linux Database Sybase Inc. this week released Adaptive Server Enterprise Express Edition for Linux, a free version of its enterprise-class database for deployment on Linux systems.
Formula One: Racing #39;s low-tech secret: A happy team is a winning &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jason Riley, who calls himself  quot;a truck driver and general dogsbody quot; for the Renault Formula One team, says his job is easier when the team is successful.
Bin Laden Deputy: US on Brink of Defeat CAIRO, Egypt Sept. 9, 2004 - Osama bin Laden #39;s chief deputy claimed the United States was on the brink of defeat in Iraq and Afghanistan in a videotape broadcast Thursday that appeared to be a rallying call 
Insurgents hunted down to border stronghold in US-led fightback US-LED forces attacked two Iraqi rebel strongholds yesterday, killing nearly two dozen insurgents in a town near the Syrian border and bombing targets in Fallujah for a third day.
WWF: Asian Animals, Trees in Danger of Extinction The World Wildlife Fund says animals and trees from Asia dominate its list of the 10 species most likely to become extinct because of illegal trade.
Inter hope spending pays INTER Milan coach Roberto Mancini believes the club #39;s lavish (northern) summer signings will enable them to mount a serious Serie A challenge this season.
Russia warns West MOSCOW: Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov yesterday warned the West not to meddle with Russia #39;s Chechnya policy in the wake of a bloody hostage crisis, highlighting a growing rift over the issue between former Cold War foes.
 #39;Two systems #39; tested in Hong Kong On Sunday, voters will have a limited chance to elect members to the city #39;s parliament. By Robert Marquand  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Long and the short of it is we are still record breakers A BASSET hound living in Germany has just made it into the 50th anniversary edition of the Guinness Book of Records for possessing the longest canine ears in the world, measuring a fine 33.
Harrington chips in for Europeans PADRAIG Harrington gave Europes Ryder Cup team another morale-boosting performance yesterday in the opening round of the Linde German Masters in Cologne, the Irishman hitting top form just five days after undergoing laser eye surgery.
Cobi Jones saves the US in injury time PANAMA CITY: Cobi Jones struck deep into injury time to secure the US a 1-1 draw against Panama in their CONCACAF region Group A World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Connecticut football coach signs extension Storrs, CT (Sports Network) - Connecticut head football coach Randy Edsall signed a six-year contract Thursday that could be worth up to \$5.
Landmark 50 years for Guinness Book of Records LONDON : The global authority of record-breaking accomplishment, The Guinness Book of Records, celebrated Friday 50 years logging the poles of human achievement.
Oracle wins PeopleSoft takeover case The long-running battle in US courts between Oracle and the Department of Justice took a milestone step today as a US District Court Judge in San Francisco ruled that the takeover bid by Oracle for competitor PeopleSoft could continue.
Bank holds interest rates steady at 4.75 THE Bank of England left its key interest rate at 4.75 per cent yesterday, a decision that was widely expected, after a raft of data that showed the economy was cooling down.
Judge Rules for Oracle in PeopleSoft Bid (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. federal judge\on Thursday gave Oracle Corp. a green light to proceed with its\hostile bid to take over rival business software maker\PeopleSoft Inc., rejecting the government's bid to block the\ #36;7.7 billion deal.
Intel Sees Web Buckling, Invests in New Systems (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Thursday\outlined its vision of the Internet of the future, one in which\millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network\traffic to make the Web safer and more efficient.
Landmark 50 years for Guinness Book of Records (AFP) AFP - The global authority of record-breaking accomplishment, The Guinness Book of Records, celebrated 50 years logging the poles of human achievement.
U.S. Warplanes Attack Militants in Iraq (AP) AP - American warplanes struck militant positions in two insurgent-controlled cities Thursday and U.S. and Iraqi troops quietly took control of a third in a sweeping crackdown following a spike in attacks against U.S. forces.
Yahoo Hired for 'The Apprentice' Ad Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Internet media company Yahoo Inc.\on Thursday said it struck a deal to produce, host and sell\advertising for the official Web site for the second and third\season of NBC's "The Apprentice."
Fed on Tightening Path, Unfazed by Oil (Reuters) Reuters - The surge in oil prices over the\summer was not enough to derail the U.S. economy and the\central bank sees no reason to pause in its interest-rate rises\just yet, top Fed officials said on Thursday.
Women Make Inroads in Video Game Industry (AP) AP - Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video game making.
U.S. calls abuses in Sudan's Darfur region 'genocide'; calls for UN sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - The Bush administration for the first time on Thursday labelled as "genocide" the attacks on black Africans by a government-backed Arab militia in Sudan's Darfur region.
Gary Payton Arrested for DUI (Reuters) Reuters - According to the California\Highway Patrol, NBA star Gary Payton was arrested for\investigation of driving under the influence last month.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower; Dollar Higher (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Friday after the Japanese government said the economy grew more slowly than initially estimated in the April-June quarter. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Money Funds Rise in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds rose by  #36;2.85 billion in the latest week to  #36;845.69 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
Sybase Offers Free Linux Database (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Sybase is offering a free version of its leading enterprise database management system for Linux.
NHL Lockout Looming As Talks Break Off (AP) AP - The NHL and the players' association appeared headed toward a lockout when talks broke off Thursday after the union's first new proposal in nearly a year.
Judge Won't Block Oracle Takeover Bid (AP) AP - A federal judge on Thursday rejected the government's attempt to block Oracle Corp.'s  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid for rival PeopleSoft Inc., concluding a combination between the business software makers wouldn't throttle competition in a narrow market niche.
Air Force Coach Gets Five-Year Extension (AP) AP - Air Force football coach Fisher DeBerry agreed to a five-year contract extension Thursday.
Judge Rules for Oracle in PeopleSoft Bid  SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. federal judge  on Thursday gave Oracle Corp. a green light to proceed with its  hostile bid to take over rival business software maker  PeopleSoft Inc., rejecting the government's bid to block the  \$7.7 billion deal.
Engineer Builds Robot That Walks on Water (AP) AP - It could be called a mechanical miracle  #151; a robot that walks on water. With inspiration from nature and some help from research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a research team led by Carnegie Mellon engineering assistant professor Metin Sitti has built a tiny robot that can walk on water, much like insects known as water skimmers, water skaters, pond skaters or Jesus bugs.
EDS Expects to Cut Up to 20,000 Jobs  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Electronic Data Systems Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EDS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EDS.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the world's biggest computer services  companies, is likely to cut up to 20,000 jobs over the next two  years, the company's chief executive said on Thursday.
Lockout Looms as NHL Players' Contract Offer Rejected  TORONTO (Reuters) - The National Hockey League rejected an  offer from the players in the latest round of labor  negotiations Thursday, leaving little hope of avoiding a  lockout start to the season next month.
Divers Find Ancient Skeleton in Mexico (AP) AP - Divers making dangerous probes through underwater caves near the Caribbean coast have discovered what appears to be one of oldest human skeletons in the Americas, archaeologists announced at a seminar that was ending on Friday.
Sindelar Grabs Lead at Rain-Hit Canadian Open  OAKVILLE, Ontario (Reuters) - Joey Sindelar grabbed the  first-round lead at the 100th Canadian Open on Thursday while  new world number one Vijay Singh spent most of a rainy day  signing autographs in the clubhouse.
Panel Urges Sharing of Data on Germs (AP) AP - The value of freely sharing data on dangerous germs so vaccines and treatments can be developed outweighs the danger that bioterrorists may use the information to do harm, a scientific panel concluded Thursday.
Lucrative, Rare Species Need Trade Protections -WWF (Reuters) Reuters - Booming global trade in rare forms of\wildlife ranging from tropical fish and trees to African\lizards is threatening many of them with extinction,\conservation group WWF said on Thursday.
Hurricane Ivan Roars Toward Jamaica (Reuters) Reuters - Jamaicans scrambled for\supplies and fortified their homes as a ferocious Hurricane\Ivan swept nearer with 150 mph winds on Thursday after killing\at least 20 people on the tiny spice island of Grenada.
Fed on Tightening Path, Unfazed by Oil  SEATTLE (Reuters) -  The surge in oil prices over the  summer was not enough to derail the U.S. economy and the  central bank sees no reason to pause in its interest-rate rises  just yet, top Fed officials said on Thursday.
Saint Joseph's Extends Martelli's Contract  PHILADEPHIA (Sports Network) - Saint Joseph's University  extended the contract of men's basketball coach Phil Martelli  on Thursday. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed,  but the new contract will keep Martelli on Hawk Hill through at  least the 2011-12 season.
Dollar Shoots Up Vs Yen on Weak Japan GDP  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar shot up against the yen on  Friday following a surprisingly weak figure for Japanese  revised gross domestic product in the second quarter that  raised concerns Japan's economy may be slowing.
Clippers Sign Top Pick Livingston  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Clippers  signed first-round draft pick Shaun Livingston to a contract  Thursday. As per team policy, terms of the deal were not  released.
Visteon Warns on Earnings  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Visteon Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VC.N&lt;/A&gt; warned on Thursday  that second half results will be well below prior forecasts as  its major customer Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; cuts production, and  steel and fuel costs climb.
Women's Tour Shorten Season Under 'Roadmap 2010'  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The women's tennis circuit is to be  shortened next year in an effort to give the players a longer  off-season, the tour's governing body announced on Thursday.
Germ Study Suggests Bloodletting May Work (AP) AP - Could that ancient practice of bleeding patients really have done some good? A scientist says new research on how germs thrive in the body suggests it just may have  #151; for some people.
Federer Beats Agassi to Reach Open Semifinals Roger Federer posted a huge win in the howling wind, beating two-time champion Andre Agassi 6-3, 2-6, 7-5, 3-6, 6-3.
Hurricane Blows Dolphins vs. Titans to Saturday The Miami Dolphins' opening game against the Tennessee Titans will be played Saturday instead of Sunday because of approaching Hurricane Ivan.
Cracker Barrel Settling Discrimination Suits The country-cooking restaurant chain has agreed to pay \$8.7 million over allegations that it segregated black customers, subjected them to racial slurs and gave black workers inferior jobs.
Tech Stocks End Higher, Oil Prices Climb &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Megan Davies&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks gained onThursday after bellwether Nokia raised its earnings forecast,but blue chips slipped as oil prices climbed almost \$2 perbarrel, increasing concerns about future corporate profits.&lt;/p&gt;
Cost of Insuring Workers' Health Increases 11.2 It was the fourth consecutive year of double-digit increases in health insurance premiums, which has resulted in a decline in the number of insured workers.
OpenSSH Gateways with ProxyCommand \\Lets say you have a cluster of machines behind a firewall or lack IP address\space for a unique frontend IP for all your boxes.\\You need to SSH into any one of the machines but first you need to manually SSH\into a gateway machine and then SSH into your target machines.  This is a major\pain as it involves a lot of wasted time and keystrokes.  \\Worse yet the standard scp and rsync tools won't work with SSH (and neither will\any other SSH pipe commands) to your target box.\\Luckily OpenSSH has a ProxyCommand configuration option that allows you to proxy\into your gateway, then forward all packets via this proxy.\\In order to do this you need 'netcat' installed and if you're on debian this c ...\\
Intel Sees Web Buckling, Invests in New Systems  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  outlined its vision of the Internet of the future, one in which  millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network  traffic to make the Web safer and more efficient.
EDS to cut up to 20,000 jobs over two years The embattled IT services giant is trying to trim \$3 billion in annual costs.
Microsoft ready to ship Virtual Server Product will allow a server to run multiple operating systems, or multiple copies of the same operating system at a single time
Cisco to acquire IT management firm The networking giant will pay \$128 million in cash for NetSolve, which manages information technology systems.
Oracle wins antitrust case Judge rejects Justice Department charges, allowing Oracle's hostile bid for PeopleSoft to continue.
What's next for Oracle? CNET News.com answers your questions about the court case that set the software maker against the U.S. Department of Justice.
Oracle v. DOJ: Oracle wins special coverage Oracle prevails in pursuit of PeopleSoft buy, as judge rejects Justice Department's antitrust arguments.
Students, college face off over Wi-Fi University of Texas bans students' private Wi-Fi hot spots, saying they block access to a campus wireless network.
FCC frees up spectrum for 3G Regulators set aside additional bandwidth for third-generation cell phones and other advanced wireless services.
The Woz has got game Apple Computer co-founder Steve Wozniak joins advisory board of start-up Eye Games.
Qualcomm pays \$170 million for display start-up The wireless company buys a majority stake in Iridigm, developer of a brighter, low-cost alternative to LCD screens.
No. 1 Illinois 78, Chicago St. 59 CHAMPAIGN, Ill. - Luther Head scored 17 points and Dee Brown added 15 points and nine assists as Illinois celebrated its new No. 1 ranking with a 78-59 victory over Chicago State on Monday night.
A new handshake for mini hard drives? Intel, Hitachi, Toshiba and others propose CE-ATA, a new interface for miniature hard drives used in consumer electronics.
Nokia's take on '20s glamour Nokia on Thursday announced three new camera phones that it says are inspired by the style of the 1920s. One model in particular is described by the Finnish phone giant as "Garbo-esque" in its design character (that would be the 7270). All three handsets are shown here in art released by the company.
Update: Judge rules for Oracle in PeopleSoft case NEW YORK - The judge presiding over the U.S. Department of Justice's (DOJ) attempt to block Oracle Corp.'s proposed takeover of rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. ruled in Oracle's favor on Thursday, removing one obstacle preventing the hostile acquisition.
IBM opens Linux center in Brazil SAN FRANCISCO - IBM Corp. will spend more than \$1 million to help fund a Linux technology center in Brazil. The center, created in conjunction with the Brazilian government, aims to train 700 public service professionals on the use of Linux by year's end.
DemoMobile highlights service-based computing SAN DIEGO -- At this year's DemoMobile 2004 conference here, the pulse of the wireless industry is registering a move toward service-based computing, which is about delivering applications and data from a managed platform to a variety of secure devices.
Cisco to acquire network monitoring provider NetSolve SAN FRANCISCO - Cisco Systems Inc. channel partners will be able to offer real-time monitoring of enterprises' networks after the company agreed to acquire NetSolve Inc., the networking giant said Thursday.
Back-to-school, politics spur spam to new heights BOSTON - Spurred by back-to-school sales and political pitches, spam e-mail accounted for 82 percent of all the inbound e-mail processed during August, and made up 90 percent of all mail sent during one spam-filled day last month, according to an e-mail security firm.
Japanese team claims optical breakthrough TOKYO - Scientists from Fujitsu Ltd. and The University of Tokyo have developed a laser that is capable of maintaining a stable output over a wide temperature range at speeds and frequencies useful for optical communications, the research team said Friday. The device could enable the creation of optical networking equipment that is smaller, cheaper and consumes less power than current devices, the leader of the research team said.
Emulex, Snap aid IBM storage effort Emulex has introduced a new entry-level line of SAN switch products designed for small and midsize businesses and small departmental SAN applications in a large enterprise. The new line has already been adopted by IBM for its recently introduced TotalStorage DS400, an entry-level Fibre Channel storage array announced last week.
US Open champ tops Els, Appleby by 6 SUN CITY, South Africa -- South Africa #39;s Retief Goosen claimed his first Sun City Golf Challenge title Sunday at the Gary Player Country Club.
Canon Unveils a Cavalcade of Printers Topping the list of new models is a \$999 color laser multifunction printer.
Intel Keeps Its Eye on the Internet In a future with millions of users and devices taxing the Net, Intel-based servers will help out.
Court Quashes Government #39;s Case Against Oracle Let the bidding begin! A federal judge Thursday rejected a government attempt to block Oracle #39;s proposed takeover of rival PeopleSoft.
AZ hit by drug-induced depression Shares in AstraZeneca fell 109p to 25.10 yesterday on news that its potential blockbuster drug offering stroke prevention, Exanta, might face delays in getting American approval.
Santander tightens its grip on Abbey Banco Santander Central Hispano yesterday began to sever its 15-year ties with Royal Bank of Scotland to clear the way for its proposed 8.
English players snub media after victory CHORZOW: The England football team staged a silent protest over recent press criticism, refusing to be interviewed after their 2-1 World Cup win over Poland here on Wednesday.
Schu calls for more safety And he said he has shaken off the effects of his high speed crash here seven days ago. But the German Ferrari driver, a member of the Grand Prix Drivers #39; Association (GPDA), insisted further changes must be 
Lockout Looms as NHL Players #39; Contract Offer Rejected The National Hockey League rejected an offer from the players in the latest round of labor negotiations Thursday, leaving little hope of avoiding a lockout start to the season next month.
Revival That Starts With Stars on Sidelines For all the hoopla surrounding last night #39;s Patriots-Colts opener, the National Football Conference East has pro football #39;s marquee sidelines: the Hall of Fame coach Joe Gibbs returning to 
Here are some real sleepers to watch I #39;ve had about all I can stand of the most overused football term since  quot;West Coast Offense. quot; And that #39;s  quot;fantasy sleeper.
One boy dies of bird flu disease in Thailand A boy has died of bird flu virus in Thailand #39;s central Prachinburi province, bringing the death toll from the epidemic in Asia to 28, the official Thai News Agency reported here on Thursday.
Update 3: Japan Revises April-June GDP Data Down Japan #39;s economy grew 0.3 percent in April-June from the previous quarter, less than the 0.4 percent growth rate initially estimated, the government said Friday.
Rainy NFL Pre-Game Show Goes Smoothly (AP) AP - Elton John kept his red top on during the NFL's first on-field musical show since part of Janet's Jackson's black top came off at the Super Bowl.
Review: Campaign Finance Web Sites (AP) AP - As a Washington journalist during the 90s, I made frequent treks to the Federal Election Commission to inspect cabinets full of campaign-finance reports to find out who was giving to whom.
Judge Rules for Oracle in PeopleSoft Bid  SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Software maker Oracle  on Thursday got the green light from a U.S. federal judge for  its \$7.7 billion takeover of smaller rival PeopleSoft Inc.,  sending PeopleSoft shares up 15 percent.
Scientists Try to Use Genesis Wreckage (AP) AP - Scientists tried to pry apart a mangled NASA space capsule in hopes of salvaging its precious cargo of solar atoms Thursday, a day after the saucer-shaped probe crashed in the Utah desert.
NASA: Station's Oxygen Generator Fails (AP) AP - The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board may have to tap into an attached cargo ship's air supply next week, NASA said Thursday.
US chides Seoul on nuclear tests The US warns South Korea to expect no favours after it admits conducting secret nuclear experiments.
Morning Sky This Weekend is Sparkling For the first time in almost two years, there are no bright planets in the evening sky. You might as well stay inside and eat dinner. The morning sky, on the other hand, is sparkling. Mercury. Venus. Saturn. A slender crescent Moon. The luminous stars of Orion. They're all on display in the days ahead: Sept. 10th through 12th.
Space Station's Oxygen Generator Fails CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board may have to tap into an attached cargo ship's air supply next week, NASA said Thursday...
Scientists Follow Doomed Matter on a Ride Around a Black Hole Cambridge University -- Scientists have pieced together the journey of a bundle of doomed matter as it orbited a black hole four times, an observational first. Their technique provides a new method to measure the mass of a black hole; and this may enable the testing of Einstein's theory of gravity to a degree few thought possible...
Most Americans Believe They Have Good Eating Habits By JUAN A. LOZANO    HOUSTON (AP) -- Nearly 70 percent of Americans say they are careful about what they eat, and even more say diet is essential to good health, according to a new nationwide health poll in which obesity ranked second among the biggest health concerns...
Heart Disease Awareness May Create High Anxiety By DAVID HAMMER     LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) -- The attention that former President Clinton's heart surgery has drawn to problems of the circulatory system could have a negative side, experts say...
Extinction May Have Trickle-Down Effect WASHINGTON (AP) -- Conservationists concerned about the extinction of plants and animals may be overlooking the danger to thousands of other species that depend on the threatened ones.    A team of researchers led by Lian Pin Koh of the National University of Singapore studied some 12,200 plants and animals considered threatened or endangered, and calculated that an additional 6,300 dependent insects, mites, fungi and other species could be considered endangered...
Women Are Making Inroads in Video Game Industry Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video game making. There's one woman besides Canada; the other 98 students were all guys. She jokes the ratio may be great for dating, but she sometimes got lonely.
North Sea oil decline widens trade gap The steady decline in output from the North Sea pushed Britain to a deficit in oil trade for the first time in 13 years in July, and widened the overall trade deficit to its worst since January.
Solar prize crash-lands An ambitious plan to pluck a falling space capsule from the sky with helicopters flown by Hollywood stunt pilots went awry when the capsule #39;s parachutes failed to open and it slammed into the desert.
Saturn reveals new ring and moon Images of Saturn sent back to Earth by the Cassini spacecraft reveal a newly discovered ring and at least one new moon, scientists say.
Another 6000 species threatened with extinction MORE than 6000 plants, insects and animals should be added to the list of the world #39;s endangered species, according to a study published yesterday.
Henman making surprising Open run Imagine defending US Open champ Andy Roddick reaching his peak eight years from now. Unfathomable. Roddick playing better as a 30-year old than at 22?
Kenseth dominates IROCs short-track debut Matt Kenseth turned the all-star International Race of Champions series into a one-star event Thursday night. Taking the lead on the sixth of 90 laps, Kenseth raced comfortably in front 
US urges Americans to avoid Grenada WASHINGTON -- The US government is urging its citizens to avoid travel to Grenada, Cuba, the Cayman Islands and Jamaica in light of Hurricane Ivan.
New al-Qaida Tape Airs Two days before the third anniversary of the September 11th attacks, a new tape from an Osama bin Laden deputy has aired. The al-Qaida man says US forces have been driven into the  quot;trenches #39; #39; in Afghanistan.
School raiders #39; nationality identified Security officials have identified six of the militants who seized a school in southern Russia as being from Chechnya, drawing a strong connection to the Chechen insurgents who have been fighting Russian forces for years.
McLaren Pleased With Boro Outburst Middlesbrough manager Steven McClaren was delighted by his team #39;s offensive output against Manchester City Monday night. Striker Mark Viduka scored twice, and his striker partner Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink scored the other in a 3-2 win.
Questions Raised About Bush Guard Service (AP) AP - New documents unearthed in the midst of the presidential campaign fill in some blanks but raise other questions about the sometimes mysterious and spotty story of President Bush's military service during Vietnam when he won a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard and avoided the war.
Army Says C.I.A. Hid More Iraqis Than It Claimed Army jailers in Iraq kept dozens of detainees at Abu Ghraib prison off official rosters to hide them from Red Cross inspectors.
From Dismal Chechnya, Women Turn to Bombs The participation of Chechen women in suicide attacks reflects the radicalization of a war that has turned increasingly nihilistic.
Electronic Data May Cut 20,000 Jobs to Save \$3 Bln (Update1) Electronic Data Systems Corp., the world #39;s second-largest seller of computer services, may cut as many as 20,000 jobs to help save \$3 billion within the next three years, Chief Executive Officer Michael Jordan said.
FDA questions AstraZeneca #39;s Exanta NEW YORK, September 9 (New Ratings) - The FDA has raised questions regarding AstraZenecas (AZN.NYS) blood thinner, Exanta. The leading pharmaceutical companys hopes had been pinned on Exanta, which 
Britain #39;s trade gap widens as oil imports hit record high Britain #39;s international trade gap widened in July as it ran up a monthly deficit on its oil balance for the first time in more than a decade,official figures showed Thursday.
Pieces of space capsule picked up Scientists with tweezers picked through the twisted wreckage of a space capsule that crash-landed on Earth, hoping that microscopic clues to the evolution of the solar system weren #39;t completely lost in Utah #39;s salt flats.
Intel issues dire warning about internet #39;s future SAN FRANCISCO - Intel has outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyse and direct network traffic to make the Web safer and more efficient.
Microsoft, ISV Partners Gear Up For Virtual Server 2005 Microsoft will join with ISV partners Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Computer Associates International and Veritas Software to unveil a host of management add-ons for its Virtual Server 2005, which will launch next week.
PeopleSoft flap may be hurting Oracle #39;s image Oracle #39;s hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft has fueled negative perceptions of the software company among corporate computer buyers, which could sap demand for its products, according to a report published on Wednesday.
GAME DAY PREVIEW Game time: 7:00 PM CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Ticker) -- A pair of teams fighting for a postseason berth meet in Charlotte on Thursday when the Sting face the Sacramento Monarchs.
Briefly: The Woz has got game roundup Plus: Opera browsing, as seen on TV...EdgeStream introduces IPTV platform...Dolby, Intel sound off for developers.
OAUG pushes on collaboration with Oracle, other users groups SEPTEMBER 09, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The Oracle Application User Group (OAUG) plans to hold its Connection Point 2004 annual user conference next week in Orlando, with an emphasis on educating members about the 10g database and 11i.
Yankees Sweep Devil Rays in Doubleheader (AP) AP - Gary Sheffield and Tony Clark each drove in two runs during a seven-run second inning, and the New York Yankees completed a doubleheader sweep of the sinking Tampa Bay Devil Rays with a 10-5 victory Thursday night.
Jakarta Embassy Blast Kills 9, Hurts 173 (AP) AP - Suspected Muslim militants detonated a car bomb Thursday outside the Australian Embassy in Jakarta, killing nine people and wounding 173 in a bloody strike at a key U.S. ally in the war in Iraq.
Bush Warns of 'Hidden Kerry Tax Plan' (AP) AP - President Bush on Thursday blamed the Clinton administration for the loss of hundreds of thousands of manufacturing jobs and warned against backing the Democratic ticket in November because of a "hidden Kerry tax plan."
S.Korea FM: No Optimism on Nuclear Talks with North  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is working with its  diplomatic partners to try to hold nuclear talks with North  Korea this month, but recent North Korean comments suggested no  grounds for optimism, the South's foreign minister said on  Friday. There are plans to hold a fourth round of nuclear  negotiations among the two Koreas, the United States, China,  Japan and Russia by the end of September as the countries  agreed at the previous session in June.
Ritter Family Files Wrongful Death Suit LOS ANGELES - The family of John Ritter has sued a Burbank hospital, accusing it of negligence in the death of the 54-year-old actor. Ritter's wife Amy Yasbeck and his four children, including actor Jason Ritter, filed the wrongful death suit in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Sept...
Nets 88 Raptors 86 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Jason Kidd scored ten points in his season debut to help the New Jersey Nets beat the Toronto Raptors 88-to-86.
EBay to Tender for South Korea's Internet Auction (Reuters) Reuters - EBay Inc.  on Thursday\said it will soon launch a tender offer to buy the remaining\outstanding shares of South Korea's Internet Auction Co. Ltd.\for about  #36;41.1 million in cash.
Judge Clears Oracle's Bid For Rival (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - A federal judge ruled yesterday that the Justice Department erred in seeking to block Oracle Corp.'s proposed hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc., giving a boost to Oracle's efforts to snare its smaller software rival.
Genesis  #39;faulty battery #39; probed A faulty battery has emerged as one of the likeliest causes for the crash-landing of the Genesis space probe. Scientists have been removing pieces of dirt and mud that lodged in the damaged canister after it smashed at high speed into the Utah desert.
Oxygen problems plague space station In what should have been the  quot;home stretch quot; of their six-month orbital expedition, the crew of the international space station is struggling with new problems in their critical oxygen production system.
Real Networks sale ends The company ended its temporary promotion that saw it slash the price of its downloadable songs to 49 cents. The company launched the promotion last month to compete with Apple #39;s iTunes service, the market leader.
FCC Splits on US Broadband Rollout Success Despite being ranked eleventh in the world in broadband penetration, the United States is rolling out high-speed services on a  quot;reasonable and timely basis to all Americans, quot; according to a new report narrowly approved today by the Federal Communications 
NASA securing space center for possible strike by Ivan CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. NASA is still picking up the pieces after Hurricane Frances, and now the space port is bracing for the even more menacing Ivan.
Roddick rolls on  quot;I #39;m serving well, I #39;m breaking (serve) a lot. I #39;m returning well and moving well. I think I #39;m up to 50 percent for breaking this tournament, which is extremely high for me.
No reservations about Zimbabwe tour, says Vaughan Michael Vaughan has insisted that no member of his side has reservations about the decision to tour Zimbabwe for five one-day internationals later this year.
NL Wrap: Perez Strikes Out 14 as Pirates End Astros Run Oliver Perez tossed a three-hitter over eight innings and struck out 14 batters to help host Pittsburgh end Houston #39;s 12-game winning streak with a 3-1 victory in game one of a National League (NL) doubleheader Thursday.
US overcomes inconsistent play by following simple qualifying &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Qualifying for the World Cup isn #39;t all that complicated. Get three points from every home game and one from every road match and you #39;ll make it every time.
Kazmir Is Impressive in Long-Awaited New York Debut t was a moment some local fans had longed for: Scott Kazmir, pitching in New York. The results met expectations, but the setting did not.
US, Iraqi forces seek to reclaim control of 3 cities Airstrikes are used in Tal Afar and Fallujah with more than 60 killed in  quot;no-go quot; zones. An Iraqi soldier guards the road near radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr #39;s office.
S. Korea Admits Extracting Plutonium The South Korean government acknowledged Thursday that it extracted a small amount of plutonium during a 1982 research experiment, a declaration that came 
Six Palestinians Killed in New Fighting in Gaza, West Bank Six Palestinians died in renewed violence across the Gaza Strip and West Bank on Thursday, according to Palestinian officials, as a private group 
Teen first in Thailand to die of avian flu since disease re &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A man in Thailand has died of avian flu, the first human casualty in the country since the disease re-emerged in Asia in July, officials said Thursday.
Japan #39;s GDP growth revised down to 0.3 pct in 2nd quarter Japan #39;s economic growth in the April-June period was revised down to 0.3 percent in real terms, dropping 0.1 percentage points from the previously released figure,the government said Friday.
DNA fingerprinting not foolproof, research pioneer says The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA fingerprinting.
-Posted by dan.farber  10:16 pm (PDT) Intel CTO Pat Gelsinger says the Internet must be upgraded with a new layer of capabilities to deal with imminent problems of capacity, security and reliability.
Astronauts will try to fix space station air generator Astronauts will attempt to repair the primary oxygen generator on the international space station, and plenty of backup oxygen sources mean Russian Gennady Padalka and American Mike Fincke are in no danger, NASA said Thursday.
Oracle wins antitrust suit in bid for rival Ruling lifts major &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A federal judge handed Oracle Corp. a major victory Thursday when he ruled that the software giant #39;s \$7.7 billion hostile bid to gobble up rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Chinese currency policy targeted A coalition of organized labor and industrial groups yesterday asked the Bush administration to attack China #39;s currency policy at the World Trade Organization.
Jobless Claims Drop; Imports and Inventories Rise Far fewer Americans than expected applied for first-time unemployment benefits last week as the effects of Hurricane Charley faded, the Labor Department reported Thursday.
Fed speakers reinforce view for rising US interest rates CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - The dollar turned mixed, paring broad gains earned Thursday in the wake of US jobless claims data that reinforced expectations for rising US interest rates.
Delta Reduces Expenses by Cutting Jobs, Closing Hub Delta Air Lines will cut up to 7,000 jobs, reduce pay for other workers and close its Dallas hub as part of an effort to slash nearly \$3 billion more in annual costs and chart a course toward financial recovery.
National Semiconductor posts robust quarterly profit SAN FRANCISCOAnalog chip maker National Semiconductor Corp. yesterday posted a higher quarterly profit, with sales in line with its reduced forecast on lower-than-expected demand for flat-panel displays and from Chinese wireless handset makers.
BA sells Qantas stake to pay debt British Airways is selling off its 18.25 per cent stake in Australian flag carrier Qantas to repay off some of its huge debts and build up its cash war chest for new deals in Europe.
TSX chief will lead Royal shake-up Barbara Stymiest, head of the Toronto Stock Exchange for the last five years, is leaving to become chief operating officer of the Royal Bank of Canada as part of a major executive and organizational shake-up.
Alcan okays plan for Australian expansion MONTREALAlcan Inc. has given the green light to a \$1.3 billion (US) expansion of an alumina refinery in Australia #39;s Northern Territory.
Housing starts increase in August TORONTO -- Housing starts in Canada were up in August to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 241,500 according to Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp.
Melinda Gates Joins Washington Post Co. as Director a former Microsoft Corp. executive and wife of founder Bill Gates -- to its board yesterday, adding the spouse of the world #39;s richest 
Charlotte ranks 19th in traffic congestion Local commuters waited an average of 45 hours in traffic in 2002, making Charlotte the 19th-most congested city in the nation, according to a study by the Texas Transportation Institute.
DuPont will settle C-8 lawsuit The DuPont Co. has agreed to pay up to \$340 million to settle a lawsuit that it contaminated water supplies in West Virginia and Ohio with a chemical used to make Teflon, one of its best-known brands.
Sudan rejects US genocide declaration as politics The Sudanese Foreign Minister has rejected a United States declaration of genocide in the Darfur region of Sudan, saying the US is using a humanitarian crisis for political purposes.
With six spots secure, only four openings remain in the chase For the six drivers who already are guaranteed a spot in NASCAR #39;s 10-race championship chase, Saturday night #39;s Chevy Rock and Roll 400 amounts to nothing more than just another race.
Motorola to Invest  #36;90 Million in China R D Center (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc. said on Friday it plans\to invest  #36;90 million in a new research facility in Beijing as\the U.S. mobile phone maker fights to wrest back top position\in the domestic handset market.
U.S. Growth Outlook Cut -Blue Chip (Reuters) Reuters - Top forecasters cut their outlooks\for U.S. growth this year and next but said inflation seems to\be leveling off and consumer spending should strengthen in the\months ahead, a survey out on Friday showed.
Astros Split Doubleheader With Pirates (AP) AP - Jeff Bagwell, Brad Ausmus and Lance Berkman drove in two runs each and the Houston Astros shook off Pirates starter Oliver Perez's dominance in the opener, beating Pittsburgh 9-2 for their 13th victory in 14 games and a doubleheader split.
Fallujah May Be Toughest City to Retake (AP) AP - Searching for victims or survivors, the young man in a black T-shirt swung a sledgehammer into a slab of concrete perched atop debris  #151; all that was left of a house blasted by U.S. warplanes. Nine people, two of them children, died in the ruins.
Japan Lowers April-June Economic Data (AP) AP - Japan revised its economic growth numbers for the April-June quarter downward Friday, but analysts shrugged off the report and said recovery was on solid footing for the world's second largest economy.
Patriots Begin Title Defense with Narrow Win Over Colts (Reuters) Reuters - The New England Patriots began their\quest for successive Super Bowl titles with a tight 27-24 win\over the Indianapolis Colts in the opening game of the NFL\season in Foxboro Thursday.
Sudan Says U.S. Genocide Declaration Political (Reuters) Reuters - The Sudanese foreign minister rejected on\Friday a U.S. declaration of genocide in the Darfur region of\Sudan and said the United States was using a humanitarian\crisis for political purposes.
NL Wrap: Perez Strikes Out 14 as Pirates End Astros Run (Reuters) Reuters - Oliver Perez tossed a three-hitter\over eight innings and struck out 14 batters to help host\Pittsburgh end Houston's 12-game winning streak with a 3-1\victory in game one of a National League (NL) doubleheader\Thursday.
U.S. Open: American Agony as Roddick, Agassi Go Out  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sweden's Joachim Johannson left Andy  Roddick shellshocked after beating the defending champion in  five sets on Thursday to reach the U.S. Open semi-finals.
Patriots Begin Title Defense with Narrow Win Over Colts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New England Patriots began their  quest for successive Super Bowl titles with a tight 27-24 win  over the Indianapolis Colts in the opening game of the NFL  season in Foxboro Thursday.
Oil Firm After 4 Percent Jump  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm on Friday after  leaping almost \$2 a day earlier on news U.S. crude stocks sank  to a five-month low last week and distillate fuels barely grew  ahead of winter.
Dollar Up Vs Yen, Hits 3-Week Low Vs Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rose against the yen on Friday  following a surprising downward revision to Japanese growth  data, but it lost ground against other currencies on worries  about the huge U.S. trade deficit.
Suicide Bomber Carried Out Jakarta Attack-Police  JAKARTA (Reuters) - A suicide bomber in a Daihatsu minivan  packed with explosives was responsible for an attack at the  Australian embassy in Jakarta on Thursday that killed nine  people, Indonesian police said on Friday.
National Airport Tests Boarding Pass Screens Passengers identified for additional security screening will now have their passes checked for explosives using document-scanning machines.
Roddick's Comeback Falls Short Fighting power with power Thursday night, Joachim Johansson ended Andy Roddick's bid to repeat as United States Open champion.
Patriots Get Help From Colts in Opener The New England Patriots held off the Indianapolis Colts to extend their winning streak to 16 games and begin their quest to repeat as Super Bowl champions.
Halliburton Unit Gets a Positive Review From Pentagon The giant oil services company announced that a Pentagon review found that its purchasing-system practices "are effective and efficient and provide adequate protection of the Government's interest."
Yankees Sweep to Widen Lead With two easy victories, the Yankees did something they had not done in the previous 16 days. They gained ground on the Boston Red Sox.
Melinda Gates Joins Washington Post Co. as Director The firm elects Bill Gates's wife to its board, adding her to a 10-member board that already includes the world's second-richest person, Warren E. Buffett. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
HK Plays Down Talk of Smear Campaign Ahead of Vote  HONG KONG (Reuters) - A survey two days before Hong Kong  legislative elections showed pro-democracy forces, tainted by a  sex scandal, may fare less well than expected, but the election  chief dismissed talk of dirty tricks by China.
Slower growth for Japan's economy Japan's rate of economic expansion is revised downwards for the three months to June amid falling government investment.
Diplomatic push on N Korea talks Intense diplomatic efforts are under way to persuade North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons programme.
Genesis 'faulty battery' probed Scientists believe a faulty battery may have led to the high-speed crash to Earth of Nasa's Genesis space capsule.
Tennis: Johansson stuns Roddick Sweden's Joachim Johansson beats defending champion Andy Roddick in five sets.
Judge Allows Oracle to Bid for PeopleSoft The ruling handed the Justice Department a rare defeat in a legal challenge to a corporate merger.
US Airways Seen as Likely to Declare Bankruptcy Barring a last-minute change of heart by its recalcitrant unions, US Airways appears all but certain to seek bankruptcy protection on Sunday.
Thai killer of UK couple hunted Police in Thailand are hunting a colleague who they say is their main suspect for the murder of a British couple.
Shakespearean text lives online The British Library is putting high-resolution copies of Shakespeare's plays on the internet.
Zeta 'stalker kept signed book' A woman accused of stalking Catherine Zeta Jones owned a book signed by the actress, a court hears.
Patriots Open With Win Mike Vanderjagt misses a 48-yard field goal in the final seconds as defending champion New England holds on for a 27-24 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Thursday.
Trojans Trip Up Tigers Jason Samples throws one touchdown pass and catches another and offensive lineman Junior Louissaint scores on a 63-yard fumble recovery as Troy upsets No. 19 Missouri, 24-14, Thursday night.
Sindelar Is Early Leader Joey Sindelar shoots a 5-under 66 and holds a two-stroke lead in the rain-delayed opening round of the Canadian Open.
Mets End Losing Skid The Mets snap an 11-game losing streak while stopping the Marlins' franchise record-tying nine-game winning streak with a 4-0 victory.
Johansson Upsets Roddick at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Andy Roddick ran into a bold, bigger version of himself at the U.S. Open, and 6-foot-6 Joachim Johansson sent the defending champion home...
Patriots Beat Colts 27-24 in NFL Opener FOXBORO, Mass. - As usual, Tom Brady was uncannily accurate as the New England Patriots moved within three games of the NFL record for consecutive victories...
Engineer Builds Robot That Walks on Water PITTSBURGH - It could be called a mechanical miracle - a robot that walks on water. With inspiration from nature and some help from research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a research team led by Carnegie Mellon engineering assistant professor Metin Sitti has built a tiny robot that can walk on water, much like insects known as water skimmers, water skaters, pond skaters or Jesus bugs...
Motorola to Invest \$90 Million in China R D Center  BEIJING (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. said on Friday it plans  to invest \$90 million in a new research facility in Beijing as  the U.S. mobile phone maker fights to wrest back top position  in the domestic handset market.
Federal Judge Clears Oracle's Bid for Rival Judge ruled that the Justice Department erred in seeking to block Oracle's proposed takeover of PeopleSoft, giving a boost to Oracle's efforts to snare its rival. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Government Hungry for TV's Airwaves Regulators are stepping up their pressure on TV stations to give up billions of dollars worth of airwaves in major markets around the country.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
A day for patience at wet Glen Abbey The Canadian Open is his sixth consecutive tournament, and he hasn #39;t played any of them particularly well. Then, he had to wait through five hours of rain delays before he could tee it up Thursday at Glen 
Text from NHLPA #39;s summary of proposal TORONTO (Sept. 9, 2004) - The National Hockey League Players #39; Association (NHLPA) today reviewed its proposed framework for a new collective bargaining agreement with league officials and owners.
Richmond race difficult to predict Matt Kenseth says that Saturday night #39;s Chevy Rock and Roll 400  quot;is going to be a little bit wilder than we #39;re used to seeing - and Richmond is usually pretty wild as it is.
Taurasi has 21, Mercury beat Sparks 72-58 PHOENIX -- Rookie Diana Taurasi had 21 points and eight assists to lead Phoenix to a 72-58 victory over Los Angeles on Wednesday night, snapping the Sparks #39; 18-game winning streak over the Mercury.
Troy trounces tigers DeWhitt Betterson lost his shoe, then the football and in a matter of seconds the 19th-ranked Missouri Tigers had lost control of tonights nationally televised game to Troy.
The \$5m royal wedding Three weeks of celebrations, a guest list that included princes and world leaders, and a 21-gun salute. Jonathan Este reports on the marriage of the Crown Prince of Brunei.
Sox have off-night in Seattle Much to their chagrin, the Red Sox were long overdue for a game like this. All the elements that had been so reliable during this riveting stretch of baseball decided to 
The  #39;Marshall pass #39; sparks Trojan rally A single play changed the entire scope of the biggest game in Troy University football history. With 6:49 remaining in the second quarter and the Trojans trailing the No.
Season may hinge on tonight Take one part hype, two parts anticipation and a pinch of trepidation. Sprinkle with salt and stir in bad blood. Chill for five days as a hurricane blows through.
Ruling turns up heat on PeopleSoft Takeover battle likely to drag on as Oracle faces other obstacles in merger quest.
Nikkei Tumbles Below 11,000 on GDP Data Japan #39;s Nikkei average sank 1.69 percent to below the key 11,000 mark by mid afternoon on Friday with stocks across the board losing ground after the government surprised the market by revising down economic growth figures.
IBM pushes out new Stinger database SEPTEMBER 09, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM said today that it #39;s about to ship the next generation of its DB2 Universal Database, which it said offers self-tuning capabilities that will result in less management overhead even as databases grow bigger and 
Thursday #39;s Baseball Roundup (CP) - Somehow, in the span of half an hour, the Detroit Tigers #39; pitching went from brutal to brilliant. Shortly after being on the wrong end of several records in a 26-5 thrashing from to the Kansas City 
UNDATED: third straight. Lisa Leslie recorded the third triple-double in WNBA history, finishing with 29 points, 15 rebounds and 10 blocks in Los Angeles #39; win over defending league champion Detroit.
Britons flee Jamaica ahead of hurricane The deadliest hurricane to hit the Caribbean in a decade is on course to slam into Jamaica where around 800 Britons are being evacuated.
Albert Cheng to be the voice of HK citizens if elected a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Hong Kong Correspondent Roland Lim. HONG KONG : Many eyes will be on Albert Cheng in the race for Hong Kong #39;s Legislative Council Elections on September 12.
Prosecutors ID Only 143 Victims of Sasser Worm Sasser #39;s damage was extensive, affecting 18 million computers around the world ranging from millions of at home users to thousands of companies.
With lockout on horizon, NHL labor talks break off After failing to make any progress toward a new collective bargaining agreement, the NHL owners and players agreed on one point: A lockout seems inevitable.
Q and A: Wild night in Richmond on tap Question: After setting the stage for ultra-aggressive racing at Richmond, how will NASCAR officials police rough driving Saturday?
AL roundup: Royals #39; 26 runs good only for split After being on the wrong end of several records in a 26-5 loss to the visiting Kansas City Royals, the Detroit Tigers went out and won 8-0 in the second game of the doubleheader.
Irish, fans rave over mighty Quinn His friends know why:  quot;He #39;s the Brad Pitt at Notre Dame, quot; said Adam Graessle, one of Quinn #39;s former teammates at Coffman High in Dublin, Ohio.
Japan Cuts Second-Quarter GDP Estimate to 1.3 Pace (Update9) Japan unexpectedly cut its estimate for second-quarter economic growth to a 1.3 percent annual pace, the slowest in more than a year, as manufacturers slashed inventories.
After Cutting Its Phone Prices, Nokia Raises Its Outlook Nokia raised its outlook for third-quarter sales and earnings, apparently benefiting from an unusual decision to cut its handset prices.
No Fears: Laptop D.J.'s Have a Feast Plenty of music available online is not just free but also easily available, legal and  most important  worth hearing.
US calls Sudan atrocities genocide (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell called atrocities in Sudan's Darfur region genocide and demanded a UN probe into the crisis, hastening moves toward sanctions on Khartoum.
More Smaller Groups Airing Political Ads (AP) AP - Just about everybody wants to have their say in this presidential election. From evangelical preachers who claim "God is not a Republican or a Democrat" to the anti-abortion Catholics Against Kerry, political advertising by smaller groups, and individuals in some cases, is popping up across the country.
Bush, Kerry feud over Vietnam, economy, Iraq, Darfur (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry sparred on the economy, the Iraq war and the humanitarian crisis in Darfur, and continued their war of words over Bush's national guard stint to avoid the Vietnam War.
Tight US supplies boost oil price Crude oil stockpiles in the US are at their lowest level since March, helping drive up the cost of a barrel of oil by almost \$2.
INDUSTRY REPORT: Aviation -- Metro to hold auction Detroit Metropolitan Airport has gathered its leftovers, such as watches, bracelets and cell phones, left at the airport and will put them up for auction Saturday.
INTERVIEW: New NZ Warehouse CEO Sees Room To Grow WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--The new chief executive of discount retailer The Warehouse Group Ltd. (WHS.NZ) Friday said the company has significant room to grow, and his experience 
US Airways Seen as Likely to Declare Bankruptcy arring a last-minute change of heart by its recalcitrant unions, US Airways appears all but certain to seek bankruptcy protection on Sunday, people briefed on the situation said yesterday.
In the beginning ... The crash of the Genesis spacecraft is a loss for NASA and for science. Once again, the potential of robotic space exploration is called into question.
FCC Insists Broadband Deployment Improving US communications regulators on Thursday insisted the United States was making progress in rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling further behind other countries.
Hurricane Ivan heads for Jamaica The deadliest hurricane to hit the Caribbean in a decade is on course to slam into Jamaica, where about 800 Britons were being evacuated.
Around the world Israeli forces continued a major operation in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, using tanks and armored vehicles to suppress rocket fire into Israel, and in the process killing seven Palestinians.
Space Capsule Expected to Yield Some Useful Data Despite Crash Scientists are optimistic that they will retrieve useful information from the smashed capsule that fell to earth in the Utah desert after three years in space.
R.E. Lapp, 87, Physicist in Cold-War Debate on Civil Defense, Dies Ralph E. Lapp was involved in atomic weapons from the earliest days of the Manhattan Project, and spoke out about the health effects of radiation into the 1990's.
Update 1: ID Biomedical Stock Up on Vaccine Pacts Shares of ID Biomedical jumped after the Canadian drug maker reported Monday that it signed long-term agreements with the three largest flu vaccine wholesalers in the United States following the current flu season #39;s vaccine shortage.
Report Seeks Open Access Research Policy (AP) AP - Restricting access to scientific information about dangerous germs is more likely to hamper legitimate researchers than to prevent terrorists from using the data for attacks, a leading scientist warned.
Coming soon: the eight-hour notebook battery &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Well, soon-ish
Government agencies hit slump in recent efforts to block mergers Like the New York Yankees in a midsummer slump, the federal government is on a rare losing streak - at least in its efforts to block mergers.
Concern over inventories drives up oil price NEW YORKOil prices jumped nearly \$2 (US) yesterday after the US government said crude stocks fell to a fresh five-month low last week and distillate fuel inventories barely grew ahead of winter.
Japanese growth revised down Japan has revised down second-quarter economic growth to 0.3 percent from an initial estimate of 0.4 percent, defying widespread expectations for an upward revision and sending the yen and stocks lower.
FDA questions Exanta safety AstraZeneca will defend its new prescription drug Exanta before a federal panel today after new questions were raised about the safety and effectiveness of the stroke prevention medication.
Federer, Frances blow out Agassi NEW YORK - Did Frances huff and puff and blow Andre Agassi off the professional tour? Hasn #39;t she done enough damage without hammering tennis, too?
Madritsch runs Sox through wringer Seattle, working on a seven-game losing streak and matched up with a Red Sox team that had won 20 of its past 22 games, put together its single best game of the season.
Phillies win again despite Michaels #39; homer gaffe The Philadelphia Phillies are clinging to their slim playoff hopes even if they #39;re having trouble hanging onto fly balls. Center fielder Jason Michaels accidentally knocked Charles Thomas #39; drive over the fence 
Indonesian Police  #39;Received Text Message Warning of Blast #39; Police received a cell phone text message before the Australian Embassy bombing, warning that foreign missions in Jakarta would be attacked unless the alleged head of the Jemaah Islamiyah terror group was freed, Australias foreign minister said today.
New Concerns About Bird Flu Take Flight New scientific findings show that avian influenza H5N1, or bird flu, can be spread to other species such as cats. It was first reported in February that cats in Thailand were infected and three died.
Japan to Continue Demand That US Apply Its Cattle Standards Japan #39;s farm minister, Yoshiyuki Kamei, said his nation will continue to demand that the US apply the same standards of testing cattle for mad cow disease that Japan does.
Israeli Missile Strike in Gaza Wounds at Least 3 (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli helicopter gunship fired a\missile into the Jabalya refugee camp in the northern Gaza\Strip on Friday, wounding at least three Palestinians,\witnesses and medics said.
Blair Reasserts Control After Rocky Summer (AP) AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair has been dogged for months by speculation that his grip on power was weakening because of smoldering public anger over the Iraq war. But the pundits apparently underestimated his instinct for survival.
Japan Revises April-June Economic Data (AP) AP - Japan revised its economic growth numbers for the April-June quarter downward Friday, but analysts shrugged off the report and said recovery was on solid footing for the world's second largest economy.
Troy Shocks No. 19 Missouri 24-14 (AP) AP - Jason Samples threw one touchdown pass and caught another and offensive lineman Junior Louissaint scored on a 63-yard fumble recovery as Troy upset No. 19 Missouri 24-14 Thursday night.
Sportsview: Roddick, Agassi Blown Out Open (AP) AP - Tennis in gale force gusts is closer to a farce than a sport.
Tech Stocks Withstand Downgrades as Blue Chips Wilt US stocks ended mixed today as only the tech-heavy Nasdaq managed to make gains in the face of higher crude oil prices and a rash of broker downgrades targeting some high-profile Dow shares.
Lawmakers Troubled by 'Ghost Detainees' WASHINGTON - Congress may keep up the focus on the prison abuse scandal following the disclosure that the military has concealed as many as 100 "ghost detainees" from the Red Cross.    The presence of prisoners held by the CIA outside of the military's usual system of registration and care was an important finding of an Army investigation completed last month...
Woman #39;s loss of dreams helps brain researchers make gains Swiss doctors may not yet know what makes us dream, but they #39;re closer to understanding where they unfold in the brain by studying an elderly patient who lost her ability to dream following a stroke.
New England turns back Colts Tom Brady threw three touchdown passes, and the New England Patriots opened defense of their second NFL title in three years with a 27-24 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Thursday night.
Swede wins date with other Hewitt LLEYTON HEWITT was supposed to be playing defending champion Andy Roddick in the US Open semi-finals at Flushing Meadows, not the longtime boyfriend of his little sister.
Troy #39;s epic battle shocks Missouri Troy, formerly Troy State, used gadgets, luck and guts to rally from a horrible start and upset No. 19 Missouri 24-14 on Thursday night.
Season #39;s greetings for UM, FSU In one of college football #39;s most important games of the year, delayed four nights because of Hurricane Frances, the fifth-ranked Miami Hurricanes will meet the fourth-ranked Florida 
Randa propels Royals #39; rout, but Tigers rebound in rematch Alan Trammell has seen a lot of crazy things during almost three decades in the major leagues. Nothing, however, prepared him for what he saw yesterday.
Basketball hall of fame adds Kansas standout Lynette Woodard will be inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame 8 pm tonight in Springfield, Mass. Woodard, a four-time University of Kansas All-American and former assistant coach, played at the University 1978 to 1981.
US, Nigeria to hold joint military training next week The US navy will hold a joint training with the Nigerian army in the African giant #39;s oil producing Niger Delta region next week, Nigerian defense ministry said Thursday.
Eisner to Step Down as CEO in 2006 -WSJ Michael Eisner plans to step down as Walt Disney Co. #39;s chief executive when his contract expires in September 2006, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.
Punch buys another 1,000 pubs Punch Taverns has reinforced its position as Britain #39;s second-largest pubs operator, adding another 1,000 outlets in a deal worth 335 million pounds including debt.
Alaska Air Group to cut 900 jobs Succumbing to the heavy financial and competitive pressures buffeting the airline industry, Alaska Air Group yesterday announced it will cut 900 jobs, eliminating about 8 percent of its work force.
Stymiest quits TSX for Royal Barbara Stymiest has resigned as chief executive of TSX Group Inc. to assume the newly created role of chief operating officer at Royal Bank of Canada.
EDS expected to slash 20,000 jobs Electronic Data Systems (EDS), one of the world #39;s biggest computer services companies, is likely to cut up to 20,000 jobs over the next two years, the company #39;s chief executive said.
Qualcomm to pay \$170 million to acquire Iridigm Qualcomm said yesterday that it would pay \$170 million to acquire Iridigm Display Corp., a small company that has patented technology used in screens on wireless devices.
Genesis capsule now a \$264M muddy mess In NASA #39;s ideal scenario for cleaning the science payload containing solar particles from the Genesis capsule, the biggest worry had been about contamination from gases in the atmosphere, not from dirt in Utah #39;s west desert.
Broadband Proves Popular The number of broadband users in the US nearly tripled in the past two and a half years to more than 48 million subscribers, according to a report released this week by the US Federal Communications Commission.
Intel shows chip roadmap Intel has disclosed new technologies that will feature in its chips in the next few years. The firm demonstrated a dual-core version of its Itanium 64bit processor, and announced plans for a new management 
Oxygen Generator on Space Station Fails The main oxygen generator for the International Space Station has failed, and the two astronauts on board will tap into an attached cargo ship #39;s air supply this weekend, NASA said Thursday.
Teenager charged over Sasser worm The German teenager who allegedly wrote the Sasser and Netsky computer worms has been charged. Sven Jaschan, now 18, was arrested in May this year at his parents #39; home in Waffensen, North Germany.
EBay closes in on South Korean auction house EBay looks set to complete the purchase of an online auction business in South Korea. On Thursday it filed a tender offer to acquire the remaining shares of Internet Auction (IAC) that it does not already own, in a deal valued at about \$4m (2.
Scientists Invent Fly Eating Robot Scientists from the University of the West of England (UWE) have invented a robot that can generate its own energy by catching flies.
P2P outfit sues RIAA for copyright theft SUING MACHINE, the RIAA is on the legal defensive after a P2P software company has accused it of nicking its technology. Altnet is suing the RIAA and several of its partners of pirating its patent covering 
Judiciary Committee Votes Custodial Sentences for File Swappers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US House Judiciary Committee has voted for criminal penalties for individuals that install spyware on PCs and for movie pirates.
Another Indy effort bites the dust So confident was Colts kicker Mike Vanderjagt that he would make a tying, 48-yard field goal with 24 seconds remaining in Thursday night #39;s league opener against the Patriots 
Johansson splits Hewitts Joachim Johansson is threatening to drive a wedge through the Hewitt family after he beat Andy Roddick to reach the semi-finals of the US Open on Thursday.
LAWRO: SKIPPER #39;S NOT WORTH HIS PLACE SVEN GORAN Eriksson has such a myopic view of David Beckham he must be the only person in the whole country who can #39;t see that the time has come to drop his captain.
Allardyce swipe at Man Utd Bolton boss Sam Allardyce believes Manchester United #39;s hopes of winning back the Premiership title are fading. United are already seven points behind Arsenal after four games and Allardyce said:  quot;You are talking about Arsenal losing three games.
MOTORRACING: SCHUMI: SMASH WON #39;T STOP ME MICHAEL SCHUMACHER will shrug off his high-speed test crash at Monza and try to give Ferrari fanatics yet another reason to celebrate in this weekend #39;s Italian Grand Prix.
NHL talks break off, lockout all but certain The NHL and the players association appeared headed toward a lockout when talks broke off Thursday after the union #39;s first new proposal in nearly a year.
Sloppy Sox are sunk in Seattle Forget about the curse and the Sports Illustrated jinx. The Red Sox last night fell victim to a brief revival of their first-half defensive woes and 
New York #39;s Benson Is Worth His Wait Kris Benson looked like a money pitcher yesterday, helping the New York Mets put an end to three streaks. Rejuvenated after skipping one turn in the rotation, Benson gained some leverage in ongoing contract 
United no longer have fear factor, says Keane Once-dominant Manchester United no longer inspire fear in their opponents, according to club captain Roy Keane. United, English champions eight times in the last dozen seasons, already 
Ivan could put Marlins vs. Expos at The Cell ARLINGTON, Texas -- While the White Sox are in the midst of their last off day of the season Monday, their stadium might get a full workout.
Ivan batters tropics; 23 are reported dead Tourists and residents throughout the Florida Keys were sent packing Thursday to avoid the wrath of Hurricane Ivan, even as millions of people in disaster-stricken Florida struggled to pick up the pieces from Hurricanes Frances and Charley.
US, Key Allies Want N. Korea Nuke Talks in Sept. The United States, Japan and South Korea agreed on Friday to try to arrange a fresh round of six-party talks this month on dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear 
Avian flu claimed its 9th victim in Thailand Our gratitude goes to you for the interest and enthusiasm you have shown in visiting the AsiaNews.it website. AsiaNews is also a monthly magazine (only in Italian).
Thai killer shot Britons five times Horrific details of how two British backpackers were gunned down in cold blood near the bridge on the River Kwai were released today.
Indian foreign minister says Kashmir  #39;not a nuclear flashpoint #39; NEW DELHI : Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh said that the dispute over Kashmir was not a nuclear flashpoint and that there had been progress in recent talks with his Pakistani counterpart.
Brunei #39;s sultan hosts royalty at lavish wedding banquet? (updated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Brunei was laying out a lavish table Friday for 5,000 high-powered guests to celebrate the marriage of its crown prince to a half-Swiss teenage commoner, in the biggest wedding that Asia has seen this year.
Man hammering gates of Downing Street arrested British police said they have arrested a man who launched a sledgehammer attack on the security gates at the entrance of Downing Street early Friday morning.
Japan Approves Plan to Split Up, Sell Postal Services (Update1) Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi won Cabinet approval to split up and sell the state-run postal service amid disputes within the ruling party over the future of its \$3 trillion in financial assets and 400,000 workers.
US stars eye home final The US Open plays host to two Russia v America clashes when the women #39;s semi-finals get underway on Friday. Fifth seed Lindsay Davenport, the highest-ranked player still in the tournament, takes on Russia #39;s ninth seed Svetlana Kuznetsova.
A dash of novelty to add to excitement LONDON, SEPTEMBER 9: A dash of novelty would mark the exciting Champions Trophy. The tournament will feature new technology trials which could have far-reaching effects on the game.
ALL EYES ON BOWDEN AFTER FAMILY TRAGEDY MIAMI - Who would have thought that one of the greatest rivalries in college football over the last 20 years, a game that often has decided who will play for the national championship, would become an afterthought?
Bank accepts slowdown by pegging rates at 4.75 MILLIONS of homeowners were given a boost yesterday after the Bank of England opted to keep interest rates at 4.75. Economists had predicted the move after a string of surveys 
Cisco snaffles network monitoring firm Cisco yesterday announced a deal to buy network monitoring firm NetSolve for \$11 per share or approximately \$128m. The acquisition of NetSolve, which is subject to stockholder and regulatory approvals, is expected to close in Cisco #39;s Q2  #39;05.
Censored Internet Access at Phoenix Public Libraries Public libraries are allowed to review and choose the books that end up on the shelves based on resources and community standards.
Oracle wins antitrust lawsuit for PeopleSoft takeover NEW YORK, September 10 (New Ratings) - Oracle Corp (ORCL.NAS) won the antitrust suit yesterday for its hostile takeover bid for rival PeopleSoft Inc (PSFT), the world #39;s second largest provider of enterprise application software.
Intel, HP to Commercialize PlanetLab SAN FRANCISCO -- A high-tech consortium led by Intel (Quote, Chart) and HP (Quote, Chart) is looking to capitalize on an additional layer of protocol services they claim will streamline Internet traffic.
DNA FINGERPRINTING CAN DODGE THE RESULTS? Keeping in mind the above research, the genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations cannot always be considered sophisticated since there are chances of false identification, at least one in a billion.
Next step: Anti-porn filters Although the Phoenix City Council banned the downloading of Internet pornography Wednesday, officials aren #39;t sure when filters would be installed on library computers.
ncaa football Coaching with heavy heart There #39;s a whole new perspective on one of America #39;s most intense college football rivalries tonight. Oh, sure. Florida State is greeting hated Miami into the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Syria hands Turkey senior Kurdish militant Syria has turned over a senior Kurdish militant and six other rebels to Turkey in a sign of closer security cooperation between the former rivals, a Turkish security official says.
House Approves  #36;142 Billion Spending Bill (AP) AP - With the new budget year only weeks away, the House has passed a  #36;142.5 billion spending bill that funds some 500 education, health and job training programs.
Raikkonen Can Be Schumacher's Heir, Says Brawn  MONZA, Italy (Reuters) - Finland's Kimi Raikkonen can be  Michael Schumacher's heir as Formula One champion, according to  Ferrari's Ross Brawn.
Taliban Say Attack Shows They Can Strike at Will  KABUL (Reuters) - A rocket attack aimed at Kabul's  international airport showed the Taliban have the ability to  target anywhere in Afghanistan, the group said on Friday,  warning the Americans the country would become their "burial  ground."
Ways to pass time between TD passes What's it been, something like 222 days between meaningful NFL games? What a stretch of misery, so totally demoralizing, each and every day without a pigskin party to attend.
But seriously folks You want answers and you want them now. The only thing is, four weeks of ludicrous exhibition games haven't told you anything. So here's some advice: Take it slow, real slow.
The Pride are back for more Springfield College begins this season with lofty expectations and a No. 4 preseason ranking from d3football.com. That doesn't impress coach Mike DeLong, whose team opens at home tomorrow night with a tough test against Union College.
Army's allure has brought Ross back to sideline Retirement hasn't changed Bobby Ross much. He's waiting for the same pregame goose bumps he always felt in his years of coaching college and pro football. He's reverted to his old coaching habits and is relishing the time spent with his new players, starting at 5:45 a.m. and often putting in 16 or 17 hour days.
Independents WESTON Coach : Rich Brissette (fourth year, 11-22). Last year's record: 5-6. Returning starters (7): John Lord, QB, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Aaron Levine, OT/LB, 6-3, 235, Sr.; Jon Dryden, TE, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Henry Lieber, FB, 5-10, 175, Jr.; Jason Stewart, WR, 5-11, 170, Sr.; Matt Howard, S, 6-3, 190, Jr.; Tim Wells, CB, 5-6, 155, Jr. Returning lettermen (3): ...
This week's picks Everett over Leominster -- Can you believe the Globe's high school staff picked A-B No. 1? I told them it was outrageous but they wouldn't listen. They claim Pope John has a tougher schedule than Everett.
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 GREATER BOSTON -- Arlington at Malden, 6:30; Waltham at Cambridge, 7.
Transactions BASEBALL Boston (AL): Activated P Scott Williamson from the 60-day disabled list; designated INF Earl Snyder for assignment. Houston (NL): Activated P Dan Miceli from the 15-day DL.
Ghostzapper an eye-opener Just how good is Ghostzapper? Considered an outstanding sprinter, Ghostzapper opened the eyes of racing fans when he won the Iselin Handicap at Monmouth by more than 10 lengths Aug. 21.
Notables Plate umpire Jerry Crawford was hit in the side of the head by a deflected pitch, forcing him to leave after the second inning of the first game between the Yankees and Devil Rays. He was taken to the New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia University Medical Center, where a CT scan was negative. He was diagnosed with a concussion.
NHLPA proposal rejected The NHL and the players' association appeared headed toward a lockout when talks broke off yesterday after the union's first new proposal in nearly a year.
Astros earn split after streak ends Jeff Bagwell, Brad Ausmus, and Lance Berkman drove in two runs each and the Houston Astros shook off Pirates starter Oliver Perez's dominance in the opener, beating the Pirates, 9-2, for their 13th victory in 14 games and a doubleheader split last night in Pittsburgh.
Open's wild weather no windfall for Agassi Scarlett O'Hara, the onetime Georgia peach who refused to be gone with the wind, played defense by declaring,  quot;Tomorrow is another day. quot; But for the venerable Andre Agassi, gusted and busted by the winds of Flushing Meadow, there is no another day at the US Open.
Samsung pumps \$31bn into chip plants SOUTH Korea  #39;s Samsung Electronics, the world #39;s largest memory chipmaker, is to invest \$US24 billion (\$31 billion) in new chip production lines over the next six years.
Ugandan refugees 'heading home' Thousands of people who have fled their homes in northern Uganda are preparing to go home, officials say.
Today's schedule College field hockey: Quinnipiac at Northeastern, 2 p.m.; Maine at Fairfield, 2 p.m.; Lasell at MIT, 6 p.m.; Virginia vs. BC at Bentley College, 7 p.m.; Vermont at UConn, 7 p.m.
Paraguay seeks Stroessner return A Paraguay judge calls for the extradition of the country's former military ruler Alfredo Stroessner from Brazil.
Stoppers earn save This is why the NFL doesn't need Elton John, Lenny Kravitz, Jessica Simpson, or even the Boston Pops. There is no better show than the game, and though Patriots defensive players were criticizing themselves for a poorly played game, it was two magnificent plays in the fourth quarter -- by Eugene Wilson and Willie McGinest -- that enabled ...
Feaster stings Monarchs Allison Feaster responded to a challenge from Charlotte Sting coach Trudi Lacey. Feaster converted two free throws in the final seconds and finished with 23 points as the host Sting moved into a tie for first place in the Eastern Conference with a 74-69 victory over the Sacramento Monarchs last night.
Yankees gain some breathing room with sweep The New York Yankees turned a long day into a productive one -- at the plate and in the AL East standings.
He's set up to pitch in Everyone figured he was done for the season. So Scott Williamson joined the ranks of medical marvels last night when the Red Sox activated him from the disabled list with the hope the once-dominating setup man can help them win the American League East and much more.
Sweden honours slain Anna Lindh Sweden remembers its hugely popular foreign minister Anna Lindh, who was stabbed to death a year ago.
Texas LB Johnson Captures Bronco Nagurski Trophy  CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - Texas linebacker Derrick  Johnson was named the Bronco Nagurski Trophy winner Monday. The  award is presented annually to the best defensive player in  college football
Sloppy Sox are sunk in Seattle Forget about the curse and the Sports Illustrated jinx. The Red Sox last night fell victim to a brief revival of their first-half defensive woes and a Native American pitcher who invokes the spirit of his Lakota Sioux ancestors -- the same tribe that helped annihilate General Custer at Little Big Horn.
New tape features bin Laden lieutenant DUBAI, United Arab Emirates -- Ayman al-Zawahri, the number two figure in Al Qaeda, appeared in a new videotape aired on Al-Jazeera yesterday, ridiculing US forces as stuck in a quagmire in Iraq and Afghanistan.
In new rift, Russia accuses US, Britain of coddling Chechens MOSCOW -- Last week's attack on a Russian school has driven new wedges between Russia and the West in the fight against terrorism, as Moscow continues to accuse the United States and European countries of coddling Chechen separatists.
Luck, pluck helped 10-year-old survive attack in Russian school VLADIKAVKAZ, Russia -- In a terrifying videotape, 10-year-old Georgy Farniyev sat near a bomb, his hands behind his head and his face a mask of misery. He looked certain to die, but survived through luck, self-possession beyond his years, and enough grit to pull shrapnel out of his own arm.
P. Diddy Talks About Child Support Lawsuit NEW YORK - The baby mama drama just won't stop for P. Diddy...
Wall St. Seen Mixed; PeopleSoft Seen Up  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street stocks were expected to open  mixed on Friday, with technology stocks gaining ground led by  PeopleSoft Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; but blue chips held back by a profit  warning from Alcoa Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Deficit Weighs on Dollar; GDP Hits Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen fell half a percent against  major currencies on Friday on a surprising downward revision to  Japanese growth, while the dollar hit three-week lows against  the euro on worries about the U.S. trade deficit.
Oil Steady After 4 Pct Jump on Low Stocks  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm on Friday after  leaping almost \$2 a day earlier as the U.S. government said  crude stocks sank for the sixth straight week and distillate  fuels barely grew ahead of winter.
Slowing H2 chip sales to hit 2005's growth - report Cause: softening in notebook PC and mobile phone demand
Health premiums jump 11.2 Employers' health premiums rose 11.2 percent this year, according to a benchmark study released yesterday that reinforces voter concerns about the US healthcare system.
Capitalizing on Fleet exodus  William B. Maag spent weeks meeting Sovereign Bancorp executives at obscure suburban restaurants, taking phone calls on the sly, and hashing out a business proposal at a country club near the New Hampshire border. While his colleagues at FleetBoston Financial Corp. vied for new jobs at Bank of America Corp. after the banks' merger, Maag realized early on that the ...
Harvard's PR problem The board of Harvard Management Corp., which oversees the billions at the world's richest university, met yesterday on the 13th floor of the Federal Reserve tower in Boston with a new chairman sitting at the head of the table for the first time in 15 years. Next week, annual returns for the \$19.3 billion endowment are due, and they will ...
House blocks overtime rules In a sharp rebuke of a new administration policy, the House moved yesterday to block the Labor Department from carrying out overtime rules critics argued could deprive millions of workers of overtime pay.
Oracle bid gets green light  Oracle Corp. won permission yesterday from a federal judge to proceed with its \$7.7 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. , reviving a battle that PeopleSoft said drove customers to competitors.
Oil prices surge on fears over hurricane NEW YORK -- Oil prices surged yesterday on fears of hurricane damage and lower-than-expected crude oil and gasoline inventory data released by the government.
China trade complaint rejected WASHINGTON  #151; A business and labor coalition, seeking to apply political pressure before the presidential election, yesterday asked the Bush administration to bring a trade case accusing China of manipulating its currency to gain unfair trade advantages.
Wall St. Seen Mixed; PeopleSoft Seen Up (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street stocks were expected to open\mixed on Friday, with technology stocks gaining ground led by\PeopleSoft Inc  but blue chips held back by a profit\warning from Alcoa Inc. .
CEO Eisner to Step Down in Sept 2006 -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - Michael Eisner plans to step down as\Walt Disney Co.'s chief executive when his contract expires in\September 2006, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.
Royals Score 26, Shut Out in Same Day (AP) AP - Jeremy Bonderman brought the Kansas City Royals back to earth in a hurry. After Kansas City set a team record for runs in a 26-5 victory in the first game of a doubleheader Thursday, the Detroit right-hander shut down the Royals in the nightcap, allowing six hits in eight innings in the Tigers' 8-0 victory.
Phillies Win Again, Cling to Playoff Hopes (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Phillies are clinging to their slim playoff hopes even if they're having trouble hanging onto fly balls.
Deficit Weighs on Dollar; GDP Hits Yen (Reuters) Reuters - The yen fell half a percent against\major currencies on Friday on a surprising downward revision to\Japanese growth, while the dollar hit three-week lows against\the euro on worries about the U.S. trade deficit.
Broadband Proves Popular (PC World) PC World - Number of users with high-speed connections has tripled in the last three years.
China's August industrial output up 15.9 percent, quickens on July (AFP) AFP - China's industrial output for August rose 15.9 percent year-on-year after a 15.5 percent gain in July, with demand for coal, steel and natural gas driving growth, official data showed.
'Cellular' answers action call (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - You've got to like a movie in which William H. Macy dispatches several villains with brute force and also dons an avocado facial mask. And you can't help but admire a film in which a cell phone is put to the use for which it was intended: assistance during an emergency.
Spammers Hijack Sender ID (TechWeb) TechWeb - Microsoft's E-mail-filter technology, Sender ID, is unpopular with open-source advocates but popular with spammers, who are using it to bypass other filters.
Oracle wins right to pursue rival (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A federal judge Thursday rejected the federal government's request to block Oracle's  (ORCL)  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for software rival PeopleSoft (PSFT), removing a major hurdle to one of the biggest mergers in Silicon Valley history.
US genocide charge is Bush election ploy - Sudan FM (AFP) AFP - Sudan's foreign minister rejected US charges of genocide in the western region of Darfur as a reelection ploy by US President George W. Bush.
Court clears Oracle-PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The ruling is major blow to the Department of Justice, which argued that the hostile takeover weakens competition.
Paper: Disney CEO to Leave Company in '06 NEW YORK - Walt Disney Co.'s chief executive Michael Eisner will leave the giant entertainment company in 2006 when his contract expires, a newspaper reported Friday.    Eisner's departure was expected to be announced Friday, according to a report in The Wall Street Journal's Friday editions...
Hi-tech phones sent TV channels Digital television channels are to be transmitted straight to hi-tech mobile telephones in a UK first.
Tight US supplies boost oil price Oil prices have surged to two-week highs following news that supplies in the US are tightening. In New York on Thursday, the cost of a barrel of oil rose almost \$2 to \$44.
Update 3: Paper: Disney CEO to Leave Company in  #39;06 Walt Disney Co. #39;s chief executive Michael Eisner will leave the giant entertainment company in 2006 when his contract expires, a newspaper reported Friday.
Local Enron cases get help A federal-court decision in a California utility case boosts arguments made by local utilities clamoring for refunds from the defunct energy trader Enron.
Alaska to slash 900 jobs Alaska Airlines announced major expense-reduction surgery Thursday, trimming 900 workers from its payroll and closing its maintenance base.
Space Capsule Expected to Yield Some Useful Data Despite Crash Scientists are optimistic that they will retrieve useful information from the smashed capsule that fell to earth in the Utah desert after three years in space, officials said Thursday.
Spammers love Sender ID ALTHOUGH Microsoft #39;s anti-spam sender-ID is disliked by Open Sources, it is providing popular with the very people it is targeted against.
SCHUMACHER GRABS TOP SPOT Michael Schumacher returned to top spot in today #39;s first practice for the Italian Grand Prix at Monza. The Ferrari driver suffered a rare defeat two weeks ago in Belgium, although second place was enough to clinch a seventh world championship.
Final Opportunity Brock Berlin and Chris Rix have known each other since 1999. One is from Louisiana, the other is from California. Yet, their story is the same.
Operation in Wana: Terrorists Hideouts Smashed, Dozens Killed Pakistan Times Special Correspondent. WANA (South Waziristan): With fortitude to make vanish the clusters of terrorists, Pakistan Thursday gave a significant jerk and jolt to the menace 
Waging war on the super rats Scientists go back to the drawing board in their battle against poison resistant rats.
Beauty spot given a green boost \A turf roof and solar slates are just two of the green innovations used to revamp buildings at one of Cornwall's most spectacular locations.
Broadband Proves Popular Number of users with high-speed connections has tripled in the last three years.
CEO Eisner to Step Down in Sept 2006 -WSJ Michael Eisner plans to step down as Walt Disney Co. #39;s chief executive when his contract expires in September 2006, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.
Cassini reveals new ring around Saturn A delicate new ring and possibly two new moons have been spotted around Saturn by the US-European Cassini mission, astronomers announced Thursday.
EBay to Tender for South Korea #39;s Internet Auction EBay Inc. (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it will soon launch a tender offer to buy the remaining outstanding shares of South Korea #39;s Internet Auction Co.
OAKLAND AIM TO BOUNCE BACK The Oakland Raiders became the latest team to appear in a Super Bowl and collapse the following season. After a nightmarish 2003 campaign, the Raiders once again have high hopes as they meet the Pittsburgh Steelers in the season opener for both teams.
Text message warned of Jakarta bombing Police were sent a text message warning of yesterday #39;s suicide bombing in Jakarta that killed at least nine people 45 minutes before the explosion outside the Australian embassy.
Protestors rally against Sadr ABOUT 1000 protesters marched through Najaf #39;s old quarter today to demand that Moqtada Sadr and his aides leave this holy city ravaged by fighting between the radical cleric #39;s followers and US and Iraqi troops.
Ghana Gets a Fab Lab Fab Labs -- facilities built by MIT researchers to provide technology to make just about anything -- are springing up worldwide. At the newest one, in Ghana, newcomers were most enthused by the ability to make pink plastic key chains. By Michelle Delio.
People's Republic of Mac China is booming and Beijing is its cosmopolitan heart. What's the platform of choice for the city's new tech and media elite? Well, it's not the Mac. But China's Macophiles are banding together. Hector Mackenzie reports from the Chinese capital.
Kaiju Monsters Invade Hollywood Creatures gather to decide the fate of the world by -- what else? -- wrestling. Anything goes, including pizza tossing and porn. Xeni Jardin reports from Hollywood.
Beware of Bots Bearing Messages Next time a stranger sends you an instant message, don't be sure there's a real person behind the exchange. You may be conversing with Chatting AIM Bot, a free service for pranksters that spews out computer-generated conversation. By Daniel Terdiman.
U.S. Open Puts Serve in Server Sure, the players get all the attention at the U.S. Open championship. But hidden in the depths of the tournament stadium, a team of techies and their servers keep the whole event running. Michael Myser reports from New York.
NASA Searches Genesis Wreckage The day after the Genesis space capsule crashes in the Utah desert, NASA technicians comb through the wreckage hoping to salvage something from the \$264 million mission. Amit Asaravala reports from Salt Lake City.
Space Station Oxygen Maker Broken The oxygen generator for the International Space Station craps out, leaving the two astronauts on board weighing alternative sources for breathable air.
Japan revises down April-June GDP, sending stock prices lower (AFP) AFP - The Japanese economy grew at a much slower pace than expected in the three months to June, confounding hopes the figures would be revised up sharply and sending already weak local stock prices lower.
European stock markets higher in early deals (AFP) AFP - European stock markets climbed in early trading, shaking off a mixed showing on Wall Street overnight in the wake of surging oil prices.
China Attacks Human Rights Report (AP) AP - Pro-Beijing media launched a scathing attack Friday on a report alleging human rights violations ahead of Hong Kong's weekend election, and a Chinese official lashed out at the "wicked" watchdog group that prepared it.
Disney Says CEO Eisner to Retire in 2006  LONDON (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co Chief Executive Michael  Eisner will retire in September 2006, when his contract  expires, the company said on Friday.
Sudan, West in War of Words Over Genocide Charge  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Sudan and Western powers plunged into a  war of words over Darfur on Friday, with Khartoum countering  U.S. charges of genocide by saying Washington was playing  electoral politics with a humanitarian crisis.
Tech Firms Announce Video Anti-Piracy Technology  LONDON (Reuters) - NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson said  on Friday they will develop new encryption technology to foil  video piracy, a \$3.5 billion problem for broadcasters and movie  studios.
Hypnosis 'reduces cancer pain' \Childhood cancer patients suffer less pain when placed under hypnosis, scientists have claimed.
Malaysia sees future in region Malaysia #39;s Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi has sketched out his vision of a regional body that could one day become the Asian equivalent of the EU.
Oracle #39;s 4bn PeopleSoft bid gets OK SOFTWARE giant Oracle #39;s stalled \$7.7bn (4.2bn) bid to take over competitor PeopleSoft has received a huge boost after a US judge threw out an anti-trust lawsuit filed by the Department of Justice to block the acquisition.
Alaska Air shuts Oakland base Alaska Airlines closed its Oakland maintenance base Thursday and fired the facility #39;s 340 employees, as the troubled carrier announced cost- cutting moves to save up to \$35 million per year.
Royal Bank Hires Stymiest From TSX in Executive Shakeup Royal Bank of Canada Chief Executive Officer Gordon Nixon replaced three senior bankers and hired the head of the Toronto Stock Exchange, overhauling senior management at Canada #39;s largest bank after a slump in the US eroded profit.
Aga upbeat as profits rise Upmarket stove maker Aga Foodservice has posted a 6.4 percent rise in underlying first-half profit and says it expects a good full year on strong autumn orders in Europe and the UK.
Qualcomm pays \$170 million for wireless screen designer Iridigm Qualcomm Inc. is paying \$170 million in cash for the 86 of shares it does not own in start-up Iridium Display Corp, which develops color screens for wireless devices.
Intel plans to fix internet Intel Corp has proposed an overhaul of what it says is an increasingly creaky internet that would result in servers running its chips taking as central role in the network as Cisco #39;s routers do today.
Lexmark recalls 40,000 laser printers An electrical-shock hazard is prompting the recall of nearly 40,000 laser printers made by Lexmark International Inc. and sold in the United States.
US OPEN NOTEBOOK Hewitt, Henman reach the spotlight New York -- The quarterfinals #39; forgotten men Thursday were Lleyton Hewitt and Tim Henman, but they will toil in relative obscurity no longer.
Rain, wind inflate scores Sindelar takes canadian open lead. Remnants of Frances force lengthy delay, with several golfers unable to finish rounds. Masters champion Phil Mickelson peers from behind a tree to learn the fate of his shot 
Baseball world, and Bonds, expect more than 700 Phoenix -- It #39;s time to call a private investigator, Scotland Yard, the FBI, anybody who can go undercover and find out who stole the buzz around Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run.
Jauron treating return to Chicago as he would any other game Dick Jauron is going back to Chicago and if there is any bitterness in his heart, he #39;s not showing it. Jauron was fired as head coach by the Bears last year after the team finished 
Tech Firms Announce Video Anti-Piracy Technology (Reuters) Reuters - NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson said\on Friday they will develop new encryption technology to foil\video piracy, a  #36;3.5 billion problem for broadcasters and movie\studios.
Cheney Meets With Troops in Afghanistan Vice President Dick Cheney (website - news - bio) congratulated US troops for helping give democracy a chance to take root in Afghanistan.
Punch Taverns buys another 1,000 pubs (AFP) AFP - Pubs owner Punch Taverns said it had bought InnSpired Group, which operates more than 1,000 pubs, in a deal worth 335 million pounds (490 million euros, 599 million dollars) including debt.
Disney Says CEO Eisner to Retire Walt Disney Co Chief Executive Michael\Eisner will retire in September 2006, when his contract expires, the company said on Friday.
Court sides with state in case against FERC Federal energy regulators improperly calculated how much money energy companies should refund to California consumers, and the state should get another 
Profit could miss Wall St. forecast by as much as 42 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Alcoa fell more than 5 percent in late trade Thursday after the company said it expects third-quarter earnings to fall short of Wall Street forecasts, citing a strike, a fire and restructuring costs.
FAA chief urges approval of O #39;Hare expansion plan The head of the Federal Aviation Administration on Thursday urged approval of the O #39;Hare Airport expansion, saying it #39;s the only long-term way to battle chronic flight delays.
Cracker Barrel to pay \$8.7 million to settle lawsuits Restaurant chain Cracker Barrel Old Country Store announced yesterday it will pay \$8.7 million to settle multiple lawsuits involving both racial discrimination allegations against customers 
Schumacher grabs top spot Michael Schumacher returned to top spot in Friday #39;s first practice for the Italian Grand Prix at Monza. The Ferrari driver suffered a rare defeat two weeks ago in Belgium, although second place was enough to clinch a seventh world title.
Police probe Jakarta suicide role At least one suicide bomber was responsible for carrying out Thursday #39;s attack near the Australian Embassy in central Jakarta that killed nine people and injured more than 180 others, police officials said Friday.
Thai man dies of bird flu Bangkok (VNA) - A young Thai man in eastern Prachinburi province died of bird flu on Wednesday, Thai Health Minister Sudarat Keyuraphan said.
EDS Ready to Trim Payroll Over 2 Years DALLAS, Sept. 9 -- Electronic Data Systems Corp. could cut 15,000 to 20,000 jobs -- more than 10 percent of its workforce -- over about two years to help reduce costs by about \$3 billion, chief executive Michael H. Jordan said Thursday.
Acquisition Nets Big Clients PEC Solutions Inc. said yesterday it had acquired AC Technologies Inc. for \$46.7 million in cash plus \$3 million in employee bonuses and payouts. Both companies are government contractors based in Fairfax.
NASA Hopes Data Can Be Salvaged From Crashed Craft A top NASA official said Thursday that scientists examining the remains of the crashed Genesis space capsule have peeked inside a broken canister containing atoms from the sun and seen some intact collection plates, although others have probably been pureed to dust.
Secrets of a Salty Survivor A microbe from the Dead Sea may hold the key to protecting astronauts from one of the greatest threats they would face during a mission to Mars: space radiation.
U.S. Air Strike Kills One Iraqi in Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. warplanes launched air\strikes in Falluja for the fourth straight day on Friday,\attacking an area in the southeast of the rebel-held city and\killing at least one Iraqi, witnesses and doctors said.
Israeli Troops Catch Palestinian With Bomb (AP) AP - Israeli troops arrested a Palestinian man carrying a 22-pound bomb in his taxi after he fled and threw the explosives out of the cab's window, a security official said Friday.
Shopping.com Holders Cut IPO Shares (Reuters) Reuters - Shopping.com Ltd., an online\comparison shopping service, on Friday lowered the number of\shares to be sold by shareholders in the company's planned\initial public offering.
Dean Foods Exits Nutritional Beverages  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dean Foods Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DF.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. dairy company, on Friday said it expects to take \$10.2  million of charges as it exits the nutritional beverage  business and closes a Michigan plant.
Oracle #39;s Wish Comes True Oracle is one step closer to taking over rival PeopleSoft now that a federal judge has ruled against the federal government #39;s effort to thwart the \$7.
US official backs producers on China apparel curbs HONG KONG Brushing aside Chinese warnings of a possible challenge at the World Trade Organization, a senior US trade official said here on Friday that the United States would limit apparel imports if American manufacturers provided evidence that such 
Delta needs pilot deal Analysts say Delta Air Lines chief executive Gerald Grinstein needs to cut a deal soon with his pilots union to buy enough time to implement his initiatives.
Alcoa shares plunge on profit warning NEW YORK - Alcoa (AA) shares plunged more than 5 in early Friday trading after the world #39;s largest aluminum producer warned that third-quarter results would fall far short of Wall Street expectations, hurt by plant shutdowns, restructuring costs and 
US Trade Deficit Narrowed to \$50.1 Billion in July (Update1) The US trade deficit narrowed in July from the prior month #39;s record as exports rose and a decline in oil shipments contributed to the first drop in imports in 11 months, the Commerce Department said in Washington.
Tribune Revises Circulation Figures Tribune Co. (TRB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the publisher of Newsday and Hoy which has been embroiled in a circulation scandal, said on Friday it would make more revisions to circulation 
Nat Semi triples its net profit Shares for National Semiconductor Corp. rose more than 12 percent Thursday after the Santa Clara chipmaker said its net profit tripled despite a decline in demand during the summer months.
Alaska Airlines slashing 8 percent of work force Seattle-based Alaska Airlines Inc. said it will trim about 900 of its 11,000 employees and close its heavy-maintenance facility in Oakland in a bid to save \$30 million to \$35 million in annual operating expenses.
More Warehouse woes WAREHOUSE Australia #39;s struggles in the \$4 billion discount sector were highlighted yesterday when its New Zealand parent, The Warehouse Group, revealed deeper than expected losses from the Australian business.
Nasa tries to salvage Genesis solar dust Washington - The Genesis space probe, consigned to an ignominious end by a failed parachute, risks tarnishing Nasa #39;s image as the agency seeks to restart its space shuttle programme after the Columbia shuttle disaster.
RealPlayer Music Store promotion leads to 3 million songs sold RealNetworks seems to have had a very popular promotion in celebration of its new Harmony technology, which allows consumers to download songs bought at the RealPlayer Music Store and transfer them to popular portable devices, including iPods.
Stroke victim robbed of her dreams The stuff that dreams are made of is a chunk of grey matter deep down at the back of the human brain, reveals a study of a rare form of brain damage.
Cell phone vendors to work on mobile TV A group of leading mobile phone vendors said Friday (Sept. 10) they will work together to bring about widespread delivery of broadcast television to mobile devices.
Space Station Tinkering Works (CBS/AP) Space station commander Gennady Padalka and flight engineer Michael Fincke completed a five-hour 21-minute spacewalk, successfully installing a new coolant system component and three antennas that an unmanned European cargo craft will use for 
Intel sees big changes to the net The net must be changed to help it cope with what the future holds for it, according to chip maker Intel. In a keynote speech at an Intel conference, chief technology officer Pat Gelsinger said new uses for 
IBM adds extra Linux and automation to DB2 IBM will next week release editions of version 8.2 of its DB2 database software, featuring support for Linux clustering in addition to self-managing and tuning capabilities.
Photo may be first of extrasolar planet A group of European-led astronomers has made a photograph of what appears to be a planet orbiting another star. If so, it would be the first confirmed picture of a world beyond our solar system.
Microsoft #39;s New Mice Get Touchy Microsoft is introducing a new line of keyboards and mice this week, including some with fingerprint readers that lets users scan a finger instead of having to enter a log-in name and password when accessing online services or logging on to the PC.
The Apprentice Says  quot;You #39;re Hired quot; To Yahoo com. Yahoo is hosting the official Web site for the second and third seasons of the reality television program  quot;The Apprentice.
BlackBerry handset gets shirty with qwerty Research in Motion has unveiled a new BlackBerry mobile-style communicator featuring a multi-tap keypad to replace its usual qwerty keypad.
Review: Horror comes home in  #39;Silent Hill 4 #39; Editor #39;s Note: The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Marc Saltzman, a freelance technology journalist whose reviews also appear on the Gannett News Service.
O2 announces two new xda devices O2 has unveiled two new devices that aim to build on the success of the popular xda II handheld/mobile phone. O2 #39;s new xda IIs will be available in the UK and Ireland on 1 November at a cost of around 449 (inc.
Skype launches Pocket PC software Peer-to-peer IP telephony startup Skype yesterday released a version of its software designed for mobile devices running Microsoft #39;s PocketPC operating system.
FARINELLA: McGinest saves win Two years in a row, the Patriots #39; veteran outside linebacker has made the biggest play at exactly the right moment to maintain the separation between the Colts and true greatness.
Zimbabwe #39;s Panyangara bowls seven wides in first over  UPDATE 1-Cricket-India call up Bhandari for injured Balaji September 10, 2004 13:29:44 NEW DELHI, Sept 10 (Reuters) - Indian medium-pacer Amit Bhandari will replace seamer Lakshmipathy Balaji, who was ruled out of the ICC Champions Trophy with an 
US soccer battling through qualifying Winning at home and tying on the road is the proven formula for success in World Cup qualifying, but the manner by which the US team has compiled two ties and a victory 
Liu, Jones pull out of Berlin meeting Olympic 110 metres hurdles champion Liu Xiang of China and American Marion Jones have pulled out of Sunday #39;s Golden League meeting in Berlin, organisers said on Friday.
Baseball: Have a seat - sitting in the lap of Chicago Cubs #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO It was a birthday gift from his girlfriend and brother, a box-seat ticket to a Chicago Cubs game against Montreal at Wrigley Field.
Bayern striker Santa Cruz ruled out with knee injury Bayern Munich striker Roque Santa Cruz will be out of action for up to six weeks because of a knee injury, the Bundesliga club said on Friday.
ANDY CAGLE on NASCAR: The Chase Comes Down To One Race Not to sound like anybody from the Fox racing broadcast, but its time to reach up and pull those belts tight - its time to go racing.
Goofball #39; storms over Abbey When they were growing up, Joey Sindelar #39;s kids used to tease him about the six PGA trophies that lined the family mantle.  quot;C #39;mon, Dad, quot; they #39;d say.
NHL Rejects Players Union #39;s Latest Labor Agreement Proposal The National Hockey League, facing a possible work stoppage in less than a week, received the first new labor proposal from its players union in almost a year today in Toronto.
Mariners snap Red Sox win streak Seattle #39;s Bobby Madritsch pitched eight shutout innings as the Mariners clubbed Boston 7-to-1 Thursday night on the West Coast.
Willingham Determined on Thursday It was all business on Thursday night after Notre Dames final practice of the week in preparation for their game against Michigan on Saturday.
Zimbabwe jails Briton in mercenary case A Zimbabwe court has jailed British former special services officer Simon Mann for a total of seven years for trying to buy dangerous weapons in a case linked to an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea.
S. Africa Links Pakistani Khan Network #39; to Arrests (Update1) South Africa #39;s arrest of two men for the alleged smuggling of goods that could be used to make nuclear weapons is linked to the so-called Pakistani Khan network, #39; #39; a foreign affairs official said.
Blair meets Ahern ahead of crunch talks Tony Blair is holding talks with his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern in a bid to inject renewed pace into the peace process. The informal discussions, which will take place at the prime minister #39;s Sedgefield 
Oxygen generator fails on space station The main oxygen generator on the International Space Station has failed, but NASA said Thursday there is plenty of oxygen on board to sustain the station #39;s inhabitants for the foreseeable future.
Savage Is A  #39;Drama Queen #39; - Sanchez The Wales midfielder claimed that a challenge by Michael Hughes in the World Cup qualifier on Wednesday was career-threatening.
Verheugen Reminds Turkey to Finish its Homework European Union (EU) Commissioner for Enlargement Gunter Verheugen completed his five day fact-finding mission to Turkey and his generally positive messages left Turkey feeling  #39;hopeful #39; prior to the release of the EU Commission #39;s Progress Report on 
Blair Demands Complete End to Ulster Violence Prime Minister Tony Blair insisted today that there must be a complete and unequivocal end to violence by paramilitaries in Northern Ireland if the power-sharing executive is to be restored.
Ballack set to miss Bielefeld clash MUNICH, Sep 10 (SW) - Bayern Munich playmaker Michael Ballack is likely to miss Saturdays home game against Arminia Bielefeld after returning from international duties with an angina.
Perez stops Astros; streak ends at 12 Oliver Perez ended Houstons 12-game winning streak with the most dominating start of his short career, striking out 14 in Pittsburghs 3-1 victory Thursday in the first game of a doubleheader.
Bush Support Strong After Convention (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - President Bush emerged from his New York convention with a solid lead over Democratic challenger John F. Kerry, strengthening his position on virtually every important issue in the campaign and opening up a clear advantage on many of the personal characteristics that influence voters in presidential elections, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.
Russia Launches Inquiry Into School Siege  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's parliament will launch an  inquiry into a school siege that killed over 300 hostages,  President Vladimir Putin said on Friday, but analysts doubt it  will satisfy those who blame the carnage on security services.
Jakarta Hunts Islamic Militants After Embassy Attack  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police launched a nationwide  manhunt on Friday for al Qaeda-linked militants blamed for a  suicide car bomb attack outside the Australian embassy that  jolted both countries ahead of elections.
Eisner plans to leave Disney in 2006 Disney confirms that Michael Eisner has informed the entertainment giant #39;s board of his intention to retire when his current agreement ends in just over two years.
Goodyear to Cut 340 Jobs Over Next Year Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. on Friday said it plans to cut about 340 jobs over the next year, and will take rationalization charges during the third quarter in an effort to reduce costs in its engineered products and chemical divisions.
Energy refund push is backed Bee Staff Writers. Federal regulators were too timid in taking control of California #39;s runaway energy market, and now the state should have another chance to push 
RealNetworks ends download 49c promo Seattle  Reuters News Service, 10 September 2004 - RealNetworks is ending its 49c-per-song music download service but will keep the promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet media and software company said yesterday.
Nokia, Motorola, NEC, Siemens, Sony Ericsson work on mobile &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HELSINKI (AFX) - Nokia Corp said it and Motorola Corp, NEC Corp, Siemens AG, and Sony Ericsson have started an Open Mobile Alliance to enable broadcast services to mobile devices.
Brilliant Digital, Altnet Sue RIAA Woodland Hills-based Brilliant Digital Entertainment and its subsidiary Altnet announced yesterday that they have filed a patent infringement suit against the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Pats kick off season with win The NFL champion New England Patriots escape with a season-opening victory, keeping their winning streak alive and again frustrating Peyton Manning.
Potential All-American Dream or All-Russian Nightmare for USTA at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US Open will either get its dream all-American final, a nightmare all-Russian final, or something in between today when No. 5 Lindsay Davenport faces No.
Shortstop pulled over early Friday morning ATLANTA -- Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal has had his first court appearance after being arrested on charges of driving under the influence.
Las Vegas casino offering full season of action NFL fans spending time in Las Vegas always can place a bet on their favourite team for that week #39;s game. Now, the Plaza Hotel is offering something more long-range.
Troy shows #39;em TROY - The Troy University Trojans put their new-fangled marketing bells and whistles on display for a national television audience Thursday night, but it was old-fashioned football that secured the 24-14 upset over No.
Hopes Fading for Fourth Round of Talks on Pyongyang #39;s Nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hopes are fading that Pyongyang will attend a fourth round of talks on ending its nuclear weapons programs, following revelations about South Korean nuclear tests.
WHO Warns Of More Human Deaths After Bird Flu #39;s Latest Victim In &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A World Health Organization official has warned of the likelihood of more human deaths from the bird flu virus, after the death of a teenage boy in Thailand this week.
Marion Jones pulls out of Berlin Golden League meet CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Marion Jones pulled out of Sunday #39;s Golden League track and field meet in Berlin because of back pain, and organizers said she wouldn #39;t compete again this year.
Somali warlord 'to rejoin talks' A Somali warlord, whose advance had raised fears of renewed violence, agrees to rejoin peace talks in Kenya.
US aircraft keep up Falluja raids US planes fire a missile into rebel positions in the Iraqi city of Falluja for the fourth day, killing a civilian.
Police chief's suspension lifted Police chief David Westwood, criticised after the Soham murders, has his suspension lifted, but is to retire early.
Anti-Moore movies to be screened Two films attacking Fahrenheit 9/11 director Michael Moore will debut at a conservative US film festival.
Putin Agrees to Inquiry Into Russian School Siege Apparently bending to widespread public pressure, President Vladimir V. Putin agreed today to a parliamentary inquiry.
Jamaicans Flee as Powerful Hurricane Approaches Hurricane Ivan, the third powerful storm to boil up out of the Atlantic this year, bore down on Jamaica today after devastating Grenada.
Disney Confirms Eisner to Leave in 2006 LONDON - Michael Eisner, who led the Walt Disney Co. to huge success in the 1980s but more recently clashed with dissident stockholders including the founder's family, will leave the company in 2006 when his contract expires, the company said Friday...
Microsoft Sees Music Opportunity in Cell Phones (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. software giant Microsoft  is\aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones\before it is beaten to the 650-million-handsets-a-year market\by rivals like Apple.
Phone Firms Rush to Get TV on Mobile Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Europeans came a step closer to\having television on their mobile phones on Friday when two\groups of companies announced plans to push forward with\consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
Treasuries Rally on Drop in August PPI (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries rallied on Friday\after a surprise drop in U.S. producer prices in August fueled\the view that the Federal Reserve might pause on its rate-hike\path after an expected rate boost later this month.
Just don #39;t do it: China bans Nike #39;s basketball advert A Nike television advert showing US basketball star LeBron James in battle with a cartoon kung fu master has been banned in China.
Clyde Drexler Tops Hall of Fame Inductees (AP) AP - As a kid alone on the Houston playgrounds, Clyde Drexler would imagine he was Dr. J with a championship on the line. But Drexler never dreamed he would be inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame. Or that the Hall of Famer who would present him at the ceremonies Friday would be good friend Julius Erving.
U.S. Calls Killings In Sudan Genocide (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said for the first time yesterday that genocide has taken place in Sudan and that the government in Khartoum and government-sponsored Arab militias known as Janjaweed "bear responsibility" for rapes, killings and other abuses that have left 1.2 million black Africans homeless.
Virus Writer Hides Job Ad in MyDoom Net Worm (Reuters) Reuters - Times must be getting tough for computer\virus writers.
ViewSonic Delves Into Video Networking (PC World) PC World - Send your video throughout your house--wirelessly--with new gateways and media adapters.
Price of cards to be shuffled At a charity auction in New Jersey last weekend, baseball memorabilia dealer Warren Heller was approached by a man with an unusual but topical request.
Braves Shortstop Furcal Arrested for DUI (AP) AP - Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal was arrested early Friday on charges of driving under the influence, speeding and reckless driving, police said.
Chicago Mayor Unveils Surveillance Plan (AP) AP - More than 2,000 surveillance cameras in public places would be tied in to a network that would use sophisticated software to spot emergencies or suspicious behavior under a plan announced Thursday by Mayor Richard Daley.
Indian artist Husain to paint 100 pieces in one year for 22 million dollars (AFP) AFP - India's best known artist Maqbool Fida Husain has struck a deal with a millionaire businessman to give him 100 paintings for one billion rupees (21.73 million dollars) in a year's time.
Lacklustre job creation keeps August unemployment rate steady at 7.2 per cent (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Despite growing evidence of a strengthening economy, the job market remained sluggish in August, holding the unemployment rate at 7.2 per cent - unchanged from July.
Oracle wins antitrust case, can pursue PeopleSoft (AFP) AFP - Oracle can pursue its 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft, a federal judge has ruled in a stunning setback for the US Justice Department.
Treasuries Rally on Drop in August PPI  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries rallied on Friday  after a surprise drop in U.S. producer prices in August fueled  the view that the Federal Reserve might pause on its rate-hike  path after an expected rate boost later this month.
Chelsea warning to champions CHELSEA assistant manager Steve Clark today fired out a warning to champions Porto ahead of tomorow #39;s (Australian time) Champions League Group H game.
Stocks Open Lower, Alcoa Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Friday,  weighed down by profit warnings from companies such as Alcoa  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No. 1 aluminum maker, which raised  concerns about U.S. corporate earnings strength.
Dollar Falls as Trade, PPI Data Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dropped against most major  currencies on Friday, as analysts raised concerns about the  U.S. trade deficit number for July, which came in narrower than  expected, but was still fairly sizable.
Hypnosis Effective in Relieving Cancer Pain (Reuters) Reuters - Hypnosis can relieve suffering\and improve the quality of life of cancer patients, researchers\said on Thursday.
Cannabis May Have Long-Term Benefit for MS (Reuters) Reuters - Cannabis-based treatments may\have longer-term benefits for multiple sclerosis patients,\scientists said on Friday.
Delta Fails to Get OK from Bond Holders  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said it hit another bump in its effort to avoid bankruptcy as  bond holders refused to give it permission to buy back certain  debt it needs restructured, sending its shares down about 3  percent.
Golf: O'Hern and Jacquelin Vie for Breakthrough Win  COLOGNE, Germany (Reuters) - Nick O'Hern and Raphael  Jacquelin made their latest bids to break their European Tour  ducks when they shared the early lead in the second round of  the German Masters Friday.
Goodyear to Cut 340 Jobs, Take Charge  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Goodyear Tire   Rubber Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GT.N&lt;/A&gt; said  on Friday it will cut 340 jobs in its engineered products and  chemical units as part of its cost-reduction efforts, resulting  in a third-quarter charge.
Nokia: Caution Replaces Euphoria  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Analysts differed over whether  improved third-quarter guidance from top mobile phone maker  Nokia was the start of a turnaround or a brief reprieve in a  grim year and the share's rally cooled on Friday.
Tribune Revises Circulation Figures  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tribune Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt;, the publisher of  Newsday and Hoy which has been embroiled in a circulation  scandal, said on Friday it would make more revisions to  circulation figures for the newspapers and plans to take a  related third-quarter charge.
Disney boss to step down Six months after he survived a shareholder coup, Walt Disney chief executive Michael Eisner announces he will step down in 2006.
Go-ahead for postal savings sale Japan's cabinet agrees the controversial privatisation of its multi-trillion dollar postal savings system.
Musicians Sing Different Tune on File Sharing We know what piracy debaters Lars Ulrich and Chuck D think of file sharing. But aside from the few who speak out publicly, musical artists typically sit out the rhetorical crossfire over copyright protection.
M S in talks to offload website Marks   Spencer is poised to farm out its online retail business and is talking to a number of interested parties, the High Street retailer says.
Dillon experiences a whole new feeling There weren't many times during the course of his Cincinnati Bengals career when Corey Dillon left the locker room satisfied after a game.
Last team standing They were like two great heavyweights slugging away, neither willing to take a backward step or bend to the other's demands.
It's no tossup, nod goes to Brady Who's better, Tom Brady or Peyton Manning? That was one question prior to last night's game between the Patriots and Colts at Gillette Stadium. The proof was provided on the field, and Brady was the answer.
Forces secure area While Toby Keith wailed country and western, and Gillette Stadium sizzled with excitement, Captain Rick Maloney stood at his post, a machine gun hanging from his neck.
Ali: Boxing needs US commission Muhammad Ali asked Congress yesterday to create a US Boxing Commission, saying oversight by the federal government is needed to protect boxers from exploitation and injury. Ali's testimony before a congressional panel was read by his wife, Lonnie Ali , because he suffers from Parkinson's disease.  quot;Reform measures are unlikely to succeed, quot; Ali said,  quot;unless a US Boxing Commission is ...
Disney Confirms Eisner to Leave in 2006 Michael Eisner will leave the Walt Disney company in 2006 when his contract expires, the company said today.
Where Are the Superinvestors? Whitney Tilson argues that the exceptional money managers are in hedge funds.
No Warning for Procter   Gamble The company is reasonably certain that it can maintain previously issued earnings guidance.
Were You Ready for Some Football? Disney kicks off another season of Monday Night Football -- on a Thursday.
Stocks Fall on Alcoa, Visteon Warnings NEW YORK - Investors worried about third quarter earnings looked past a surprise drop in wholesale prices, keeping stocks mixed Friday. Blue-chips dropped on profit warnings from Dow component Alcoa Inc...
Jamaicans Flee As Ivan Approaches; 23 Dead ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan bore down on Jamaica on Friday with deadly winds and monstrous waves, after leaving Grenada a wasteland of flattened houses and twisted metal and setting off a frenzy of looting...
Questions Surface About Bush Memos WASHINGTON - Questions are being raised about the authenticity of newly unearthed memos which asserted that George W. Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer in the Texas Air National Guard and lost his status as a pilot because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical exam...
Stocks Expected to Fall on Alcoa Report NEW YORK - Stock prices were expected to drop after the opening bell Friday as investors stay cautious on the corporate earnings picture, with Alcoa Inc. likely casting a shadow in early trading...
Man Gets 6 Months for Swinging Alligator DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - A man who swung an alligator at his girlfriend during an argument was sentenced to six months in jail...
Cisco and Fujitsu team up TOKYO: Fujitsu Ltd and Cisco Systems Inc have agreed to form a strategic alliance, focusing on routers and switches that will enable businesses to build advanced Internet Protocol (IP) networks.
Metcash bids for Foodland SYDNEY: Metcash Trading Ltd has launched an A\$846mil bid for the Australian local arm of rival Foodland Associated with the aim of cementing its position as the country #39;s third food and liquor chain.
Linux poised for move from data centre to desktop - report Clearly viable on server, client to follow within two years
Orange to ship Wi-Fi Pocket 'in October' &lt;strong&gt;Update&lt;/strong&gt; M2000 same as XDA IIs, VPA III, MDA III
M S in talks to offload website Marks   Spencer is poised to farm out its online retail business, the High Street retailer says.
Ivan Bears Down on Jamaica with 150 Mph Winds Strengthening More than half a million Jamaicans fled their homes today as Hurricane Ivan bore down on the island with 150 mph winds. It left a trail of destruction across the Caribbean and the death toll of 23 was expected to rise.
Propects for NKorea nuclear talks clouded: South Korean FM SEOUL : South Korea #39;s foreign minister indicated Friday that prospects had diminished for proposed six-way talks later this month to end North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons drive.
Israel Locks Down Palestinians JERUSALEM Sept. 10, 2004 - Settler leaders accused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday of bringing the country to the brink of civil war with his plans to evacuate Jewish settlements.
Aid workers ready to quit after Baghdad kidnapping BAGHDAD - Foreign aid workers have bolted their doors, hired more guards and installed spy cameras outside their offices here, and are considering whether to quit Iraq altogether following the kidnapping of two relief workers.
Atomic confession no bar to talks TOKYO: Japan, South Korea, and the US have agreed six-nation talks on North Korea #39;s nuclear drive would take place this month as planned, despite Seoul #39;s admission of secret atomic research, a Japanese official said.
Microsoft Sees Music Opportunity in Cell Phones  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - U.S. software giant Microsoft  is  aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones  before it is beaten to the 650-million-handsets-a-year market  by rivals like Apple.
Phone Firms Rush to Get TV on Mobile Phones  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Europeans came a step closer to  having television on their mobile phones on Friday when two  groups of companies announced plans to push forward with  consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
Oracle's Wish Comes True Now that a judge has ruled against the federal government's effort to thwart Oracle's hostile bid for PeopleSoft over antitrust concerns, the tech sector could see a rash of acquisition attempts.\&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Tech Firms Announce Video Anti-Piracy Technology &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson said\on Friday they will develop new encryption technology to foil\video piracy, a \$3.5 billion problem for broadcasters and movie\studios.&lt;/p&gt;
Cannabis study encouraging for MS A study of cannabis-based drugs shows long-term benefit in easing multiple sclerosis symptoms, scientists say.
Females 'work harder for degrees' \Female undergraduates work harder and are more open-minded than males, leading to better results, say scientists.
Cassini Discovers Ring and One, Possibly Two, Objects at Saturn Jet Propulsion Lab -- Scientists examining Saturn's contorted F ring, which has baffled them since its discovery, have found one small body, possibly two, orbiting in the F ring region, and a ring of material associated with Saturn's moon Atlas.     A small object was discovered moving near the outside edge of the F ring, interior to the orbit of Saturn's moon Pandora...
Grace Gravity Mission Weighs in on Earth's Changing Climate Jet Propulsion Lab -- For the first time, scientists have demonstrated that precise measurements of Earth's changing gravity field can effectively monitor changes in the planet's climate and weather.     This finding comes from more than a year's worth of data from the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment, or Grace...
Adult ADHD Costs Billions in Lost Income While attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is widely perceived as a children's disorder, many adults struggle with it, too. It costs adult sufferers billions of dollars each year in lost wages and in the inability to hold steady jobs, making it one of the nation's more costly health problems.
Ears Work in Stereo Before Brain Does By Serena Gordon, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Depending on the type of sound you hear -- such as speech or music -- one ear may be more adeptly processing that information and sending it to a part of the brain specialized to hear that type of sound.    That's the conclusion of a study in the Sept...
New Labels Can Tout Heart-Healthy Foods WASHINGTON (AP) -- Fish, fowl, baby formula and any other conventional food products that contain two types of omega-3 fatty acids can market the fat's heart-healthy effect, regulators said Wednesday.     The fatty acids covered by the Food and Drug Administration's ruling are EPA, or eiscosapentaenoic acid, and DHA, or docosahexaenoic acid...
The long march to Longhorn In Microsoft's quest for better search, says CNET News.com's Mike Ricciuti, there's been no end to the potholes and detours.
IBM to launch Linux-only Power servers OpenPower line to make debut Monday as Big Blue looks beyond the chip's high-end niche, CNET News.com has learned.
'Thinking Cap' Controls Computer in New Experiment  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four people were able to control a  computer using their thoughts and an electrode-studded  "thinking cap," U.S. researchers reported on Monday.
McAfee's Trojan horse error gets developer's goat A software developer whose program was accidentally labeled a threat is considering action against the antivirus company.
Nokia to offer phones with 'old world' styling One of the new handsets invokes Garbo, according to the Finnish phone giant. Another is described as "sleek and sexy."
Dell hopes support hubs will improve service delivery Dell Inc. is pushing ahead with plans to open IT support hubs worldwide to improve its service delivery to buyers of its servers, storage devices and workstations. Although the hubs are aimed primarily at enterprise customers, they will also cover consumers and small and midsize businesses.
European Commission clears HP's bid for Synstar BRUSSELS -- The European Commission has cleared Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) to buy U.K. IT services provider Synstar PLC, the Commission announced on Friday.
Dell Cuts Prices on Many U.S. Corporate Products  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  it had cut prices by as much as fifth for a range of products  aimed at U.S. corporate customers, as the computer maker passed  along savings from cheaper components.
Hitachi and Intel join on mobile phone drives Hitachi Global Storage Technologies Inc. (HGST) and Intel Corp. are pushing the development of an interface technology that they hope will smooth the adoption of compact hard-disk drives (HDDs) into mobile phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs) and digital music players, the companies said on Friday.
Judge's decision means uncertain future for PeopleSoft One year ago at PeopleSoft Inc.'s Connect user conference, Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway took the stage to assure several thousand PeopleSoft customers that Oracle Corp.'s then three-month-old bid for control of PeopleSoft had failed. When he stands before the crowd at this year's Connect gathering later this month, he'll have a harder time making the case that Oracle's lingering campaign isn't harming PeopleSoft.
Altnet Fights Back, Sues RIAA Peer-to-peer company accuses RIAA and its partners of infringing upon its patents.
ViewSonic Delves Into Video Networking Send your video throughout your house--wirelessly--with new gateways and media adapters.
Microsoft's New Mice Get Touchy Latest line of keyboards and mice include some with fingerprint readers for added security.
Controversial File-Trading Bill Moves Forward Proposed law would allow more people to be charged with criminal copyright violations.
MIT Engineer Builds Robot That Walks on Water By MIKE CRISSEY    PITTSBURGH (AP) -- It could be called a mechanical miracle - a robot that walks on water. With inspiration from nature and some help from research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a research team led by Carnegie Mellon engineering assistant professor Metin Sitti has built a tiny robot that can walk on water, much like insects known as water skimmers, water skaters, pond skaters or Jesus bugs...
Many Web Sites Keep Tabs on Campaign Giving By ANICK JESDANUN     NEW YORK (AP) -- As a Washington journalist during the 90s, I made frequent treks to the Federal Election Commission to inspect cabinets full of campaign-finance reports to find out who was giving to whom.    Though some data were available through a proprietary online system, those \$20-per-hour access fees added up...
Italian Mobile Phone Deal Seen Telecom Italia will approve a plan to buy the 44 percent it does not own of its mobile phone unit, Telecom Italia Mobile.
Judge Rules Oracle Can Pursue PeopleSoft Takeover The ruling yesterday came more than 15 months after Oracle made its initial surprise offer for PeopleSoft. The past year has been marked by numerous legal maneuvers and verbal grenades tossed 
Eisner to retire from Disney in  #39;06 Michael Eisner, chief executive officer of The Walt Disney Co., will leave the company in 2006, The Associated Press is reporting.
US Airways pilots hold emergency meeting Pilots at US Airways Group Inc. are slated hold an emergency meeting Friday, a few days after their union leadership rejected an airline proposal for significant wage and work-rule concessions.
UPDATE 1-Goodyear to cut 340 jobs, take charge Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. (GT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it will cut 340 jobs in its engineered products and chemical units as part of its cost-reduction efforts, resulting in a third-quarter charge.
Yukos facing licences axe Russia #39;s Resources Ministry will decide in two weeks whether to revoke the production licences of oil major Yukos key Siberian unit Yugansk after it stopped paying taxes, a ministry source said Friday.
Intel hopes to help build Internet of the Future Intel #39;s Chief Technology Officer, Pat Gelsinger, implied that the Internet needs upgrading, and his company is ready to assist.
The long march to Longhorn It #39;s not just because I #39;m tired of the bovine references and the  quot;shorthorn quot; jokes. No, the problem is that the future version of Windows formerly known as Longhorn in many ways won #39;t resemble the Longhorn 
Sudan Rejects US Charges of Genocide in Darfur Sudan #39;s Foreign Minister has rejected US assertion that the violence in Western Darfur region fits the definition of genocide.
Hong Kong set for record vote Veteran Hong Kong activist Leung Kwok-hung, better known as  quot;Long Hair quot;, campaigns for pro-democracy votes. Picture:AFP.
45 dead in raid on  #39;closed #39; township BAGHDAD: The northern Iraqi town of Tall Afar, branded by the US military a den of foreign fighters, remained shut to the outside world last night after a massive US-led air and ground assault killed at least 45 people.
Africa vows to stop Darfur carnage Displaced Sudanese women and children ride their donkeys at a camp in Darfur. Picture:Reuters. Children are being targeted in the latest abuses in Darfur, writes Pamela Bone in Addis Ababa.
One Way Link Building Secures Search Engine Ranking Results One Way Link Building Secures Search Engine Ranking Results\\One-way link building is a great way to improve your link popularity and ranking in the search engines. One-way links are more difficult to obtain than traditional reciprocal links, but pay off in securing solid long-term search engine ranking results.\\Why Are One-Way ...
British warships en route to Jamaica as Hurricane Ivan closes in (AFP) AFP - Two British warships in the Caribbean sailed for Jamaica, prepared to give whatever help they can as the island braced for a direct hit from deadly Hurricane Ivan.
Blue Chip Stocks Fall, Techs Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chip stocks were lower on  Friday after a profit warning from aluminum maker Alcoa Inc.   &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;, but technology stocks edged higher after a judge  rejected a government bid to block a takeover of PeopleSoft  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; by Oracle Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Genes, Biology Important in Obesity Fight (AP) AP - Apart from upbringing and environment, scientists are discovering that genes and biology are more important in the fight against obesity than previously believed.
Dollar Weighed Down by PPI, Trade Reports  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar eased against major  currencies on Friday, as analysts fretted over the U.S. trade  deficit number for July, which came in narrower than expected,  but was still the second-highest on record.
Extinct Species Take Others Along, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - More than 6,000 species of\butterflies and other insects, as well as mites, fungi and\assorted unloved but important species, will also be wiped out\when listed endangered species go extinct, scientists said on\Thursday.
Arctic Science Mission Faces Cold War-Style Hurdles (Reuters) Reuters - The early-morning\splash in the Bering Strait off the Russian coast should have\been bigger given the diplomatic wrangling that led up to it.
Russia to launch Beslan inquiry Russian President Vladimir Putin pledges to back a parliamentary commission into the Beslan school siege.
Cott Pops Up Again The generic soda maker says things that investors didn't like in July -- but the stock rises this time.
Judge Tosses Pa. Child Porn-Blocking Law A federal judge threw out on Friday a Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites containing child pornography, saying the law was unconstitutional and cannot be enforced.
Shiite Clergy Push Vote As Iraq's nationwide elections near, the clergy has led an unprecedented mobilization of the Shiite majority population. The momentum they have created has made a delay in the ballot difficult, if not impossible.
ISP Telenor cripples zombie PC network Authorities in Singapore shut down a large network of around 10,000 robot, or "zombie," computers this week, after technicians at Norwegian Internet service provider (ISP) Telenor ASA stumbled on the illicit network by tracing Internet Relay Chat (IRC) communications from compromised customer PCs on its system.
Take a Note--Or Lots of Them EverNote offers a slick way to collect and retrieve random information on multiple devices.
Software Stocks Bounce After Oracle Ruling Software stocks rose on Friday on speculation there may be more mergers in the industry after a US judge allowed Oracle Corp. to proceed with its takeover of rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Alcan shares fall after rival Alcoa profit warning Shares of Alcan Inc. (AL.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (AL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled almost 5 percent on Friday morning, after rival aluminum-maker Alcoa (AA.
Trade Gap Narrows But Still 2nd Highest The US trade deficit narrowed more than expected in July, but still was the second highest on record at \$50.1 billion even though imports dropped for the first time in 10 months and exports leapt higher, the US government said on 
Cott Pops Up Again Shares of generic soda company Cott (NYSE: COT) bubbled up more than 5 yesterday following some upbeat announcements from CEO John Sheppard, who presented at a Prudential Securities conference in Boston.
FCC: Broadband Usage on the Rise The number of broadband Internet subscribers in the US has tripled since 2001, according to a new report from the Federal Communications Commission.
-Posted by david.berlind  8:17 am (PDT) Research in Motion has announced its latest BlackBerry phone, aka the BlackBerry 7100t. The phone isnt due to ship until October and test units are just getting into reviewers hands (Im waiting for mine right now.
Skype for Pocket PC Allows Free VoIP Phone Calls Skype Technologies has launched Skype for Pocket PC Version 1.0, which allows users to make Skype voice calls for free using Wi-Fi wireless networking.
Officials Show They Will Enforce Contact Rule Yes, officials will do as instructed this season and crack down on clutching-and-grabbing tactics by defensive backs. That was the early message from the New England Patriots #39; 27-24 triumph over 
Vodafone, England Cricket Sponsor, Misses Out During Tournament England #39;s cricket players started their Champions Trophy match without Vodafone Group Plc #39;s logo on their uniforms for the first time this year because the world #39;s biggest mobile phone 
Santa Cruz out with knee injury Munich, Germany (Sports Network) - Bayern Munich will be without striker Roque Santa Cruz for up to six weeks due to knee surgery.
Sindelar seizes lead at weather-ravaged Canadian Open Veteran Joey Sindelar has made the Bell Canadian Open one of his favorites stops on the PGA Tour. After Thursday #39;s opening round, it is easy to see why.
Michigan #39;s Manning leads by example By committing to change, he goes from special teams to starter. BY JOHN HEUSER. Plenty of Wolverines are  quot;battling to start quot; at certain positions, or  quot;challenging for time quot; at others.
Israeli Hard-Liners Denounce Gaza Disengagement Plan A large number of prominent Israeli hard-liners are describing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to dismantle Jewish settlements in Gaza and a small portion of the West Bank as a  quot;crime against humanity.
 #39;Patience, perseverance must be keynotes to resolve Kashmir #39; Islamabad, Sept. 10 (PTI): Contending that linking progress on talks on Kashmir to measure the success of the Indo-Pak dialogue process could lead to frustration and deadlock, the Pakistani media has said 
Els Trails by One Stroke at Korean Open (AP) AP - Ernie Els shot a 3-under-par 69 to trail Terry Pilkadaris of Australia by one stroke after the second round of the Korean Open on Friday.
Coffee pact aims to help growers Four of the big coffee houses sign a new agreement that aims to improve conditions in growing countries by offering the best producers a higher price for their beans.
Eisner to Step Down as Disney Chief in 2006 Michael D. Eisner told the board of directors Thursday that he plans to step down in two years.
Book Value Bargains Irrational markets can create buying opportunities for those watching the right numbers.
Lessons Airlines Can Learn From PCs Without radical strategic change, the legacy carriers won't survive.
Russia Launches Inquiry Into School Siege Russia's parliament will launch an inquiry into a school siege that killed over 300 hostages, President Vladimir Putin said on Friday, but analysts doubt it will satisfy those who blame the carnage on security services.
Cell Phone TV Is Coming Several companies move toward offering TV on mobile phones. Also: NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson will develop anti-piracy technology   hellip;. Oracle continues pursuit of PeopleSoft   hellip;. and more.
Alcoa shares drop on profit warning amid labour problems, closures Shares of Alcoa Inc. fell sharply Friday after the metals giant warned that labour problems in Quebec and plant closings will weaken third-quarter profits.
Japanese Bank in Merger Talks Cuts Pay UFJ Holdings, a merger target of two major Japanese banks, slashed workers #39; paychecks Friday and sharply lowered its earnings outlook for the current fiscal half-year as it struggles to cut costs and ease a ballooning debt burden.
Cott Signs Major #39; Customer; Analyst Says It #39;s Target (Update2) Cott Corp., the world #39;s biggest maker of store-brand soft drinks, will supply a major mass merchandiser #39; #39; in the US under a new contract, Chief Executive John Sheppard said.
Russian Oil Mogul Expects to Lose It All The Russian tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, who has been in jail since October in what many Russians say is Kremlin punishment for political activities, said Thursday that 
Scientists tracing the stuff dreams are made of WASHINGTON - A stroke that robbed a woman of her dreams may help pinpoint where and how dreams are born in the brain, scientists said on Friday.
German Teen Charged with Creating Sasser nomoreself writes  quot;Sven Jaschan, only 18 years old, has been indicted by prosecutors in Verden, Germany for allegedly releasing the well known Sasser worm.
Four days later than planned,  #39;Noles get shot at ending Canes #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a game that was postponed four days because of Hurricane Frances, Miami tries to blow Florida State away with a hurricane of its own in the third meeting between the two rivals in 11 months.
Singh makes remarkable recovery New world number one Vijay Singh completed an impressive turnaround despite bad weather interrupting his first round at the Bell Canadian Open.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Curt Schilling will try to become the first pitcher in the major leagues to reach 19 wins, as he heads to the mound for the Boston Red Sox in the second test of a four-game series against the Seattle Mariners.
Police released suspect THE man accused of commanding the Australian embassy bombing was briefly detained by Indonesian police last year but released because they did not recognise the terror fugitive.
US Strikes Targets In Al-Fallujah 10 September 2004 -- A US jet fired missiles at an insurgent stronghold in Al-Fallujah today, the fourth straight day of attacks in the Sunni city west of Baghdad.
Cross-Border Terrorism Must Stop First: Natwar New Delhi, Sept. 10 (NNN): Islamabad must halt cross-border terrorism first in the troubled state of Jammu and Kashmir for the Indo-Pakistan Composite Dialogue to make any meaningful progress, External Affairs 
Two weeks and 3m to celebrate princes wedding IT lasted two weeks and cost nearly 3m. By the standards of the royal family of one of the world #39;s wealthiest oil-rich states, it was subdued.
PeopleSoft Shares Surge As Merger Seen Shares of PeopleSoft Inc. surged 11 percent Friday after a federal judge paved the way for Oracle Corp. to press on with its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for the business software maker.
Eisner to Step Down as Disney Chief in 2006 ichael D. Eisner, the embattled chief executive officer of the Walt Disney Co., told the board of directors Thursday that he plans to step down in two years.
Oil continues to rally Oil prices made fresh gains Friday, after leaping almost \$2 a day earlier, as the US government said crude stocks sank for the sixth straight week last week and distillate fuels barely grew ahead of winter.
Transmeta Begins Limited Production of 90nm Efficeon, Lowers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As the company lowered its guidance by about \$2 million, Transmeta Corp. revealed today that limited production shipments of its TM8800 series Efficeon processors began earlier this month.
Microsoft Virtual Server 2005 (Article Central) Microsoft will release Virtual Server 2005 next week, a product aimed to help companies effectively gather computing resources.
Schumacher is quickest in practice MONZA, Italy -- Michael Schumacher was fastest in Italian Grand Prix practice as McLaren #39;s Kimi Raikkonen remained a threat to Ferrari #39;s homecoming celebrations.
KEEGAN BACKS JAMES FOR ENGLAND RETURN Kevin Keegan has backed David James to win back his England place before the season is over. James returned to training with Manchester City on Thursday still reeling from the widespread vilification over 
Seattle Mariners Team Report - September 10 (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners continue their four-game series against the Boston Red Sox tonight. In Thursday #39;s opener, Bobby Madritsch twirled eight shutout innings and Jose Lopez went 3-for-4 with 
US strikes Falluja again in its fourth day of attacks BAGHDAD A US jet fired missiles on Friday in the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Falluja, the fourth day of attacks on the city where US and Iraqi troops have no control, officials said.
 quot;Overnight quot; solution of Kashmir issue not possible: Pakistan Islamabad: Stressing that an  quot;overnight quot; solution to the Kashmir issue was not possible, Pakistan on Friday said that the forthcoming meeting between President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New York was expected to take the 
EDS may cut 20,000 jobs over the next two years Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) plans to lay off between 15,000 and 20,000 employees over the next two years as part of an effort to slash \$3 billion in costs, the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Jordan said Thursday during a question-and-answer session at a conference.
Judge Nixes Internet Child Porn Law in Pa. (AP) AP - A federal judge threw out on Friday a Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites containing child pornography, saying the law was unconstitutional and cannot be enforced.
Surprise drop US wholesale prices is mixed news for economy (AFP) AFP - A surprise drop in US wholesale prices in August showed inflation apparently in check, but analysts said this was good and bad news for the US economy.
Eisner to leave Disney in 2006 NEW YORK - Walt Disney Co. chief executive officer Michael Eisner will leave the company in 2006 when his contract expires. Eisner #39;s plan was announced Friday in a letter to the company #39;s board of directors.
Visteon shares fall 15 pct after outlook warning Shares of auto parts supplier Visteon Corp. (VC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 15 percent to near a 10-month low on Friday after it warned that production cuts by major customer Ford Motor Co.
Juncker Gets Post As  #39;Mr. Euro #39; European finance ministers chose Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker to represent the group of 12 European Union countries that share the euro currency Friday.
Much ado about Bard #39;s texts online William Shakespeare, the Warwickshire wordsmith, was paid a posthumous compliment this week, when the British Library made available 21 of his works on the Internet.
Microsoft Sees Music Opportunity in Cell Phones US software giant Microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it is beaten to the 650-million-handsets-a-year market by rivals like Apple.
McAfee #39;s Trojan error ires developer Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Vodafone launches Wi-Fi Windows Mobile VPA III Vodafone today announced a Windows Mobile-based device dubbed the Vodafone Personal Assistant III, or VPA III, with superior connectivity via W-LAN hotspots or GPRS data.
Schumi pays tribute to Ferrari #39;s tifosi Michael Schumacher paid tribute to Ferrari #39;s legion of tifosi at Monza on Friday by wearing the colours of the Italian flag on his helmet.
Miami losses no joking matter to Bowden You #39;d think it would bother him just a little more. Or maybe it does, and he #39;s not telling. For years, Florida State coach Bobby Bowden could count on at least two things every football season 
World No. 1 Vijay Singh tears up front nine, shoots 28 at Bell &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OAKVILLE, Ont. (CP) - Vijay Singh made history at Glen Abbey on Friday, shooting 28 on the front nine to post the lowest nine-hole score in the 100-year-old history of the Bell Canadian Open.
DEFOE STILL ON CLOUD NINE Jermain Defoe claims he is still on cloud nine after his first senior England goal on his full debut for his country in Poland on Wednesday.
Red Zone Just Scored = Possession  All Times Eastern No question he #39;ll pound it. That #39;s the foundation of his philosophy and the Redskins will be successful. They will use Portis to open up other areas of the offense and they should have a big game.
UPDATE 1-India call up Bhandari for injured Balaji Indian medium-pacer Amit Bhandari will replace seamer Lakshmipathy Balaji, who was ruled out of the ICC Champions Trophy with an abdominal injury on Friday.
IAEA to discuss S.African nuclear cases next week: report The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) will discuss recent alleged violations of South Africa #39;s laws on weapons of mass destruction (WMD) at its board meeting next week in Vienna.
eBay CEO Not Tempted by Disney Job eBay (Quote, Chart) CEO Meg Whitman isn #39;t interested in filling the top spot at Walt Disney Co. (Quote, Chart) when Michael Eisner retires in 2006, a spokesman for the auction giant told internetnews.
US judge gives Oracle greenlight to pursue PeopleSoft After a three-month trial a US Federal Court judge has ruled that Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile pursuit of bitter rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Delta, US Air Slump As Bankruptcies Eyed Investors pulled back from shares of major air carriers Friday as concerns loomed that US Airways Group Inc. and Delta Air Lines Inc.
Qwest settling SEC charges Denver-based Qwest Communications International Inc. reportedly has agreed to settle fraud charges for \$250 million. The Associated Press and Reuters reported Friday afternoon that Qwest (NYSE: Q) has agreed 
US Stocks Boosted by Oil #39;s Fall US blue chips recovered ground on Friday after a fall in oil prices offset a profit warning from aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (AA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , while a tech 
US Airways Gives Pilots, Flight Attendants New Offer (Update2) US Airways Group Inc., struggling to avoid a second bankruptcy since 2002, gave its pilots #39; union a new plan for \$295 million in pay and benefit cuts three days after the group rejected a prior offer.
Japan #39;s 2Q GDP revised downward Softening a surprise, pushing stocks and yen lower; economists say there #39;s little cause for alarm. TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan revised downward second-quarter economic growth Friday to 0.3 percent from an initial 
Update 1: Newspapers #39; Circulation Figures Cut Again Tribune Publishing on Friday again lowered circulation figures for its Newsday and Hoy newspapers, saying Newsday #39;s daily circulation had been misstated by as many as 100,000 copies.
Brown-Forman: Family Trust Boosts Volume Wine and spirits maker Brown-Forman Corp. said Friday that heavy trading volume of its Class B common shares was due to sales from a  quot;non-affiliate Brown family trust.
Luxembourg prime minister chosen as  quot;Mr Euro quot; Luxembourg #39;s Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker was chosen on Friday as semi-permanent president of the group of finance ministers from the 12 countries that share the euro 
US Warns China It May Impose Limits on Apparel Imports A senior American trade official said here today that the United States would limit apparel imports from China if American manufacturers provided evidence that such limits were needed.
Enron gets go ahead to sell pipes Failed US energy giant Enron has been given permission to sell its most prized remaining asset - its natural gas pipeline arm CrossCountry Energy.
Sprint settles FTC claim for \$1.125M The Federal Trade Commission said Friday that it will make Sprint Corp. pay \$1.125 million to settle charges that the telecommunications giant skirted federal credit laws.
Airline Eliminates Check-In Hassle As US Airways (Nasdaq: UAIR) slides back into bankruptcy, it should take a hint from Hawaiian Holdings (AMEX: HA). The company #39;s Hawaiian Airlines subsidiary is also under the 
Goodyear to cut 340 jobs AKRON, Ohio - Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. has announced the elimination of 340 jobs in its engineered products and chemical businesses a month after posting its first profitable quarter since 2002.
NASA: Genesis #39; Broken Capsule Holds Good Science After peering inside NASA #39;s broken Genesis capsule with flashlights and mirrors, scientists said on Friday the craft #39;s unexpected crash landing left solar material 
Week in review: Intel looks ahead Intel took the stage to talk up its plans for dual-core chips and wireless gadgetry and to sketch out  quot;the Internet of tomorrow.
Phone makers team on mobile TV plans Several major phone manufacturers have teamed up with the Open Mobile Alliance to develop a standard for mobile broadcast. Motorola, NEC, Nokia, Siemens and Sony 
Much Ado About Surfing Shakespeare Goes Online Shakespeare may have written his plays with a quill pen but now the Bard #39;s works are taking a leap into the digital age as the British Library publishes some of the earliest editions of his plays on a new Web site.
Court rules against state Web-blocking law A Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers (ISPs) to block Web sites the state #39;s prosecuting attorneys deem to be child pornography has been reversed 
Moscow: Space Station Has Lots of Oxygen The crew of the International Space Station is not in danger of running out of oxygen, Russian controllers said Friday. Gennady Padalka and Michael Fincke are breathing oxygen from reserves aboard the station, Itar-Tass reported.
Network Security Cisco To Acquire Network-Monitoring Firm NetSolve The acquisition of NetSolve will enable Cisco and its channel partners to offer customers real-time monitoring of Cisco products and to help ensure continuous, secure operation of such services 
Powell plays up diverse broadband options WASHINGTONFCC Chairman Michael Powell said the diverse options for broadbandincluding both unlicensed and licensed choicesmake America strong even if others, including his fellow commissioners, believe the United States is lagging the rest of the 
The Trojan resume: MyDoom authors encode job plea Cheeky virus writers have put a secret message in the latest versions of the MyDoom e-mail worm asking antivirus vendors for a job.
Transmeta Begins Production of 90-Nanometer Efficeon Processor  quot;Our achievement of limited production status for our 90-nm Efficeon TM8800 is a key milestone for Transmeta. We set aggressive goals for our 90-nm program, and we have realized impressive 
Yahoo Hired for  #39;The Apprentice #39; Yahoo will host the official Web site for the reality show,  quot;The Apprentice, quot; featuring show recaps, exclusive video clips, contestant bios, and a weekly column by last season #39;s contestant-you-love-to-hate, San Solovey.
Cell Phone TV Is Coming Europeans are a step closer to having television on their mobile phones: Two groups of companies said they would push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
Skype Puts VoIP on PDAs Internet telephony provider Skype Technologies has released a final version of its peer-to-peer (define) VoIP (define) software for Wi-Fi-enabled Pocket PC devices.
Federer, Hewitt could setup blockbuster Open final Flushing Meadows, NY (Sports Network) - The men #39;s semifinals at the 2004 US Open will be staged on Saturday, with three of the tournament #39;s top-five seeds ready for action at the USTA National Tennis Center.
Sindelar keeps Canadian Open lead Oakville, Canada - Joey Sindelar #39;s five-under par 66 kept the American atop the leaderboard here Friday after the conclusion of the opening round of the rain-plagued PGA Canadian Open.
McDowell leads German Masters; three Ryder Cup players miss cut Northern Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell, a former top-ranked college golfer at Alabama, shot an 8-under-par 64 Friday for a three-stroke lead at the German Masters, where three European Ryder Cup players missed the cut.
Petacchi sprints to third victory VALENCIA, Spain -- Italy #39;s Alessandro Petacchi of the Fassa Bortolo team ran out the comfortable winner of the seventh stage of the Tour of Spain, a 170km ride from Castellon to Valencia.
Rams QB has USC #39;s attention Southern California tailback LenDale White remembers Justin Holland from high school. The Colorado State quarterback made quite an impression.
Indiana recruit cited for underage drinking The latest recruit to the Indiana University basketball team has been cited for underage drinking. Lucas Steijn, who turned 18 on August first, was in an SUV that was pulled over by a police officer in Bloomington Sunday night.
Suicide suspected in Jakarta bombing JAKARTA The Indonesian police said Friday that they believed that at least two, possibly three, suicide bombers were inside a van that blew up outside the Australian Embassy, killing nine Indonesians and wounding more than 180 people.
Kidnappings; pro and con al-Sadr rallies in Iraq Thousands of demonstrators supporting and hundreds opposing Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr took to the streets in Iraq on Friday as US soldiers fought insurgents in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City and near Falluja.
Zimbabwe Sentences 68 Accused Mercenaries to Prison Simon Mann, the British soldier-of-fortune accused of masterminding a botched coup last March against Equatorial Guinea #39;s ruler, was sentenced to seven years in prison 
Mixed media: Fingers pointed at Putin RUSSIAN ON-LINE NEWSPAPER - Questions are mounting about whether Putin #39;s policies - not only in Chechnya but also the power consolidation drive to stamp out opposition and public debate - are exacerbating the terrorist threat.
Suspected Turkish al-Qaida leader reportedly killed in Iraq &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Turkish television stations broadcast a video Friday that claimed that Habib Akdas, suspected leader of the Turkish al-Qaida cell blamed for November suicide bombings in Istanbul, was killed this week in a US bombing raid in Iraq.
Court strikes down Pennsylvania porn law update A federal court has struck down a Pennsylvania law that blocks access to Web sites labeled as child pornography, claiming that the rule violated the First Amendment.
Horror comes home in  #39;Silent Hill 4 #39; Unlike Hollywood horror movies that often get worse with each new sequel (Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan, for example), Konami #39;s scary Silent Hill series gets better - and creepier -ith age.
Golf:  #39;Teeth-gnashing inquests #39; put Harrington on track COLOGNE - Padraig Harrington led the way in the German Masters first round yesterday, as Europe #39;s Ryder Cup players warmed up for next week #39;s match against the United States.
Flames #39; Sutter has emergency appendectomy Darryl Sutter, who coached the Calgary Flames to the Stanley Cup finals last season, had an emergency appendectomy and was recovering Friday.
Manufacturers hope to turn on mobile TV Imagine turning on your mobile phone to watch breaking news or an entertainment program. The idea could soon become reality following an announcement Friday that five of the world #39;s largest mobile phone makers 
Tech Firms Announce Video Anti-Piracy Technology NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson said on Friday they will develop new encryption technology to foil video piracy, a \$3.5 billion problem for broadcasters and movie studios.
McDowell sets halfway pace Northern Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell will take a three-shot lead into the weekend at the German Masters. The 25-year-old fired the round of the day at Gut Larchenhof - an eight-under 64 to take him to 11 under par overall.
World Cup notebook: Redden skates but probably won #39;t play Saturday TORONTO (CP) - Team Canada defenceman Wade Redden had his first full practice Friday since injuring his left shoulder in last Wednesday #39;s 5-1 win over Slovakia.
Circulation Scandal Costs Tribune Co More Newspaper publisher Tribune Co. (TRB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , embroiled in a scandal over inflated circulation figures, on Friday further cut circulation numbers at two New York 
Nortel hires Accenture to revamp financial organization TORONTO - Nortel Networks said Friday it has hired consulting firm Accenture to help it revamp its financial organization. Accenture will review elements of Nortel Networks global finance organization and 
Brown-Forman cites family sale for stock volume Brown-Forman Corp. (BFa.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (BFb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said that sales by a Brown family trust accounted for heavy activity in the class 
Market is in charge as OPEC #39;s clout fades PARIS Early last summer, OPEC looked as though it had successfully absorbed tremendous shocks to the oil market - a strike in Venezuela, ethnic clashes in Nigeria, attacks on foreign workers in Saudi Arabia, a war in Iraq.
US Airways makes last-minute offer to unions As US Airways confronts the possibility of a second bankruptcy protection filing, the Arlington-based carrier has a new offer for the unions representing its pilots and flight attendants.
Flames coach Sutter undergoes appendectomy Calgary, AB (Sports Network) - Calgary Flames head coach Darryl Sutter underwent an emergency appendectomy and is expected to make a full recovery.
Hamas leader killed in Gaza as settlers warn of civil war GAZA CITY: A Hamas leader was killed Friday as Israel pressed a major offensive in the northern Gaza Strip Friday and imposed a watertight closure on the Palestinian territories ahead of the Jewish New Year.
Court to sentence  #39;mercenaries #39; A court in Zimbabwe is expected to pass sentence on some 70 alleged mercenaries accused of plotting a coup in the West African state of Equatorial Guinea.
Pakistan Bombs  #39;Terrorist Camp, #39; Kills at Least 50 Pakistani jet fighters and helicopter gunships pounded what the military called a terrorist training camp near the Afghan border on Thursday, killing at least 50 mostly foreign militants.
After six decades, India, Pakistan to issue tourist visas For 57 years, no Indian or Pakistani immigration officer stamped a tourist visa for citizens of each other #39;s country. Few Pakistanis have seen the Taj Mahal; few Indians the red sandstone Lahore Fort.
3 Lebanese murdered in Baghdad heist BEIRUT: Three Lebanese citizens were murdered early Friday morning, and a fourth critically injured, in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad.
Victims of plane crash in Zambia from Canada, Britain, Australia The six people killed in a crash of a South African-registered aircraft Thursday in Zambia were respectively the Canadian, Briton and Australian, local mediareported on Friday.
Andre gone with the wind He was finally out of the wicked wind tunnel known as Arthur Ashe Stadium, out of the gale that combined with Roger Federer to blow him from the quarterfinals of the US Open.
Sindelar snaps slump with 66 at rainy Open Joey Sindelar had to wait five hours for the Canadian Open to get started Thursday at Oakville, Ontario, which was nothing compared with the five weeks he had to wait for his game to show up.
Week of September 11th, 2004 - Part 2 Why to watch: It seems like two months, not two weeks, since we last saw USC get by Virginia Tech and while the Trojans have maintained its hold on the number one spot in most polls, a little luster has come off this seemingly invincible team.
US Vows No Double Standards Over South Korea #39;s Nuclear Admissions GENEVA, Sept 10 (AFP) - The United States will treat South Korea in the same way as any other country that conducts secret nuclear research if such a case is made by the UN atomic agency, the top US arms official said on Friday.
FCC adds spectrum for 3G services The Federal Communications Commission Thursday (Sept. 9) added spectrum to be used for advanced wireless services (AWS) such as 3G data services.
Yahoo! to Host Apprentice Web Site September 10, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to a report by CNet, Internet portal Yahoo! (yahoo.com) said on Thursday that it will produce, sell advertising and provide Web hosting services for the official Web site of The Apprentice.
Some Lexmark, Dell Printers May Present Electrical Hazard Approximately 40,000 laser printers manufactured by Lexmark International Inc. were recalled this week, according to a statement released by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC).
Golf: Sindelar Leads Canadian Open US golfer Joey Sindelar has shot a 5-under-par, 66 in the rain-delayed first round of the Canadian Open in Oakville, Canada, the last PGA Tour event before the Ryder Cup.
Germans Arrested in South Africa on Nuclear Charges A South African court on Thursday charged two German men who live in the country with illegally exporting equipment used to enrich uranium needed to make nuclear weapons.
Union Struggles To Contain Turkey Accession Debate The European Commission #39;s carefully choreographed strategy to keep internal debate over Turkish accession silent until 6 October, when an initial decision must be made, is coming unraveled.
Qwest to Settle with SEC for \$250 Million Qwest Communications International Inc. (QN: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle financial and disclosure fraud charges, a source familiar with the matter said on Friday.
Russian Troops Fled from Siege School Claim Locals Russian soldiers fled as shooting broke out in the violence that ended the school siege and unprepared special forces were forced to borrow bullets from armed locals ,it was claimed today.
Disney's Eisner to Step Down in Sept 2006  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Chief Executive Michael  Eisner on Friday said he will step down from the media  conglomerate in 2006, aiming to end his two-decade reign on his  own terms after a shareholder revolt nearly cut it short  earlier this year.
Qwest to Settle with SEC for \$250 Million  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Qwest Communications International  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=Q.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;Q.N&lt;/A&gt; has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle financial  and disclosure fraud charges, a source familiar with the matter  said on Friday.
Mild El Nino Developing in Pacific (AP) AP - A mild El Nino is developing in the Pacific Ocean, climate experts said Friday. El Ninos can affect weather in other areas, sometimes worldwide.
Oil Slides, Hurricane Has Market on Edge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices fell nearly \$2 a  barrel on Friday as dealers took profits from a recent rally,  but the market remained on edge as powerful Hurricane Ivan  thrashed through the Caribbean on a track toward the  energy-rich Gulf of Mexico.
Locusts Menace Quarter of West Africa Crops-Experts (Reuters) Reuters - West Africa may lose up to a quarter\of its grain harvest this year if the worst locust infestation\for 15 years is not brought under control, regional agriculture\experts warned.
Producer Prices Drop, Trade Gap Narrows  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. producer prices dropped  unexpectedly last month as the cost of gasoline plunged and  prices of food and vehicles fell, according to a government  report on Friday that showed inflation pressures under wraps.
Hiding Genome Data Won't Protect Us, Experts Say (Reuters) Reuters - Making the genetic codes of\dangerous pathogens a secret will not save anyone from\bioterrorism and may make the population vulnerable to attacks\from Mother Nature, scientists said on Thursday.
Creditors KO Delta's Bid to Change Debt  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said a group of bond holders refused to change the terms of  their securities, adding to the headwinds the airline faces as  it struggles to avoid bankruptcy.
Bean Poses Re-Election Dilemma for Crane (AP) AP - Melissa Bean hands out seat cushions that spell out the reason Democrats think she can beat veteran Rep. Phil Crane on Nov. 2. They read: "Crane. The Original Seat Warmer. So many years ... so few accomplishments."
Likely First Photo of Planet Beyond the Solar System (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A group of European-led \  astronomers has made a photograph of what appears to be a planet orbiting another \  star. If so, it would be the first confirmed picture of a world beyond our solar \  system.
Circulation Scandal Costs Tribune Co More  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Newspaper publisher Tribune Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt;, embroiled in a scandal over inflated circulation  figures, on Friday further cut circulation numbers at two New  York newspapers and said it will take a charge of as much as  \$60 million.
Genesis Capsule a 'Mangled Mess' (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - TOOELE, UTAH -- Its not \  the kind of "breaking news" that NASA wanted.
Frances Destroys Sea Turtle Nests (AP) AP - Hurricane Frances destroyed thousands of sea turtle nests as the storm tore through their most important beaches in the middle of the nesting season, biologists said.
Delta, US Air Stocks Drop Investors pulled back from shares of major air carriers Friday as concerns loomed that US Airways Group Inc. and Delta Air Lines Inc. might soon declare bankruptcy, in what would mark yet another major setback to the embattled industry.
Israel Kills Three Palestinians in Gaza Raid  GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army kept up pressure in the  northern Gaza Strip on Friday, killing three Palestinians as  forces sealed off the Palestinian territories for the Jewish  holiday season in Israel.
Goodyear to Cut 340 Jobs, Take Charge Goodyear Tire   Rubber Co. said\on Friday it will cut 340 jobs in its engineered products and\chemical units as part of its cost-reduction efforts, resulting\in a third-quarter charge.
Enron gets go ahead to sell pipes Failed US energy giant Enron is given permission by a federal judge to sell off its last remaining asset - its natural gas pipelines.
Alcoa announces a profits warning US aluminium giant Alcoa warns its third quarter profits will fall below expectations, blaming restructuring costs, a fire and a strike.
MS risk 'linked to birth month' Children born in May have an increased risk of going on to develop multiple sclerosis, research has suggested.
Rogue lawyer 'guilty' in QXL case QXL Ricardo, the UK's version of internet auction site Ebay, scores a victory in its bid to win back control of its "stolen" Polish arm.
Genesis data 'retrieved intact' Scientists are now optimistic some valuable data can be salvaged from the wrecked capsule of the solar mission.
Cheney tempers criticism of Kerry Dick Cheney backs away from comments that warned of another terror attack if John Kerry is elected president.
Pakistani women 'must not hide'  Concealing women in the home is a backward view of Islam, the leader of Pakistan tells the BBC.
Mubarak son raises public profile Posters of the Egyptian president's son, Gamal Mubarak, fuel rumours he is being groomed for succession.
Qwest Is Said to Pay \$250 Million in S.E.C. Settlement Qwest has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle financial and disclosure fraud charges, a source familiar with the matter said today.
U.S. Deserter Leaves Army Base for New Life in Japan  MANO, SADO ISLAND, Japan (Reuters) - A former U.S. army  sergeant who deserted to North Korea four decades ago left a  U.S. military base near Tokyo on Tuesday to head for a new life  with his family in his Japanese wife's hometown.
Tribune to Take \$60 Million Charge in Circulation Scandal Newspaper publisher Tribune, embroiled in a scandal over inflated circulation figures, today also further cut circulation numbers at two New York newspapers.
Toys "R" Trump It's &lt;i&gt;Apprentice&lt;/i&gt; night, and three Motley Fools are glued to the tube for episode one.
Airline Eliminates Check-In Hassle Hawaiian Airlines now offers baggage pickup from your home, office, or anywhere.
Airstrike said to kill 50 at suspected Qaeda site PAKISTAN WANA -- Pakistani warplanes pummeled a suspected Al Qaeda training facility near the border with Afghanistan yesterday, flattening a vast mud-brick compound and killing at least 50 fighters, the military said. The assault was among the fiercest in months of fighting in the border region, considered a possible hideout for Osama bin Laden and his deputy, who are still ...
NATO bolsters presence for Afghan election BRUSSELS -- Nearly 2,000 NATO troops, including two  quot;rapid response quot; battalions from Spain and Italy, began arriving in Afghanistan this week to strengthen the international military presence there in time for the Oct. 9 presidential election, NATO officials said.
Answers in the Margins By just looking at operating margins, investors can find profitable industry leaders.
Russian Leader Promises Open Inquiry Into Terror Attack In an unusual retreat, Vladimir V. Putin today promised an open inquiry into the slaughter of hostages at a school.
Game On for Take-Two Profits may disappoint, but revenue strength is evidence that the game company is a relevant player.
Ashworth's Beyond the Fairway The leading golf wear designer is looking to expand its sports apparel reach.
Jamaicans Flee As Ivan Approaches; 33 Dead KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan's deadly winds and monstrous waves bore down on Jamaica on Friday, threatening a direct hit on its densely populated capital after ravaging Grenada and killing at least 33 people.    The Jamaican government ordered the evacuation of half a million people from coastal areas, where rains on Ivan's outer edges were already flooding roads...
'Hawaii Five-0' May Become a Movie HONOLULU - Warner Bros. reportedly intends to make a film based on the old "Hawaii Five-0" TV series...
Stocks Mixed Despite Good News on Prices NEW YORK - Investors concerned about third quarter earnings looked past a surprise drop in wholesale prices, keeping stocks mixed Friday. Blue chips dropped on profit warnings from Dow component Alcoa Inc...
Eisner to Retire As Disney CEO in 2006 LOS ANGELES - Michael Eisner, who helped transform The Walt Disney Co. into a media powerhouse, but has come under increasing pressure recently to improve the company's lagging performance, will retire after more than two decades as CEO, the company said Friday...
Stocks Mixed on Alcoa, Visteon Warnings NEW YORK - Investors concerned about third quarter earnings looked past a surprise drop in wholesale prices, keeping stocks mixed Friday. Blue chips dropped on profit warnings from Dow component Alcoa Inc...
Government Hungry for TV's Airwaves (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Federal regulators are stepping up their pressure on television stations to give up billions of dollars worth of airwaves in major markets around the country, saying the spectrum is urgently needed by local public safety officials.
'Thinking Cap' Controls Computer in New Experiment (Reuters) Reuters - Four people were able to control a\computer using their thoughts and an electrode-studded\"thinking cap," U.S. researchers reported on Monday.
Education Helping Seniors Get Online (AP) AP - Wadia Bajoka, a 71-year-old Iraqi immigrant, enjoys knitting, gardening, and baking pungent meat pies that she presents to guests in an old-fashioned display of hospitality.
Samarra May Be Key to Handling Iraq Cities (AP) AP - For two months, this historic city of commerce and culture was a "no-go" zone for American troops, firmly in the grip of religious extremists, some linked to al-Qaida. During that time, residents say they endured a reign of terror, where gunmen snatched men from their homes and killed at least 10 of them as American spies.
Phone Vendors Team Up To Deliver Mobile TV (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Five of the world's top mobile-phone manufacturers are joining forces on\the delivery of TV broadcasts to handsets, opening yet another\opportunity for content providers and hoping to drive demand for\next-generation wireless devices and services.
Brodeur Hopes to Play Despite Sore Wrist (AP) AP - Goaltender Martin Brodeur has a sore wrist but hopes to play for Canada on Saturday against the Czech Republic in the World Cup of Hockey semifinals.
Web Data Transfer to Handsets Made Easier (AP) AP - Have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? Have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? Or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone?
Alta ex-alderwoman gets conditional sentence for fabricating stalking stories (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LETHBRIDGE, Alta. (CP) - Dar Heatherington, the former alderwoman who made headlines last year when she mysteriously disappeared in Montana, was given a 20-month conditional sentence Friday for fabricating tales of being stalked.
IBM Debuts Stinger Database Software (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Next week IBM (NYSE: IBM) will make its latest autonomic-computing creation -- DB2 Universal Database, aka "Stinger" -- generally available.
Knowles, Nestor Win Open Men's Doubles (AP) AP - Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor won their first U.S. Open doubles title by beating Leander Paes and David Rikl 6-3, 6-3 Friday.
Suddenly, It's AMD Inside (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - For 35 years, Advanced Micro Devices Inc.  stood in the shadow of archrival Intel Corp.  AMD churned out lower-priced clones of the tech leader's chips and occasionally enjoyed a hit that helped boost its meager profits. But bad times easily outweighed the good. Again and again, Intel used its manufacturing muscle and pricing power to stymie AMD's ambitions, preventing it from gaining a foothold in lucrative markets such as servers and corporate PCs.
College Basketball: Illinois, UConn Cruise; Virginia Upset  CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (Sports Network) - Luther Head had a  game-high 17 points and Dee Brown added 15 along with nine  assists as top-ranked Illinois cruised to a 78-59 victory over  in-state foe Chicago State at Assembly Hall.
AP Poll: Bush Holds Lead Over Kerry (AP) AP - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent.
New powers needed to fight terrorism, Australia's counter-terror chief says (AFP) AFP - The head of Australia's major counter-terrorism force has called for extra powers to face increasing threats and warned terrorists are using new technology to wreak havoc far outside their own countries.
AP Poll: Bush Holds Lead Over Kerry WASHINGTON - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...
Yellow Roadway Receives \$500M Credit Line Yellow Roadway Corp. said Friday that it received a five-year, \$500 million credit line from JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. The less-than-truckload shipping company, which consolidates freight from multiple customers 
Juncker Gets Post As  #39;Mr. Euro #39; European finance ministers Friday named Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker to be  quot;Mr. Euro, quot; a job intended to give the 12 countries using the common currency a single, stronger voice.
IPaq users report trouble with Skype Skype Technologies introduced version 1.0 of its Internet telephony application for Pocket PCs on Thursday, but the first non-beta release of the software does not work well on all Pocket PCs, users report.
Marlins shift games versus Expos to US Cellular Field Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Due to the approach of Hurricane Ivan in the South Florida area, the Marlins have rescheduled two of their contests against the Montreal Expos slated for next week to US Cellular Field in Chicago.
Open-Knowles and Nestor win men #39;s doubles at US Open Mark Knowles of the Bahamas and Daniel Nestor of Canada claimed their second grand slam title when they beat Leander Paes and David Rikl 6-3 6-3 to win the men #39;s doubles at the US Open.
Blues re-sign D Backman, four others ----- ST. LOUIS, Missouri (Ticker) -- The St. Louis Blues on Friday re-signed defenseman Christian Backman, goaltenders Curtis Sanford and Chris Beckford-Tseu and forwards Erkki Rajamaki and Konstantin Zakharov.
Compete against your friends, SI experts and celebrities in this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Wednesday, Joe Gibbs kept rubbing his eyes when he spoke after practice, as if in need of a late afternoon nap. On Friday, his answers were short and void of any emotion.
Ferocious Ivan bears down on Jamaica Heavy rain and winds have begun to lash Jamaica as Hurricane Ivan roared closer, after ravaging Grenada and killing 27 people on a track that could make it the third big storm in a month to hit Florida.
Iran condemns bomb attack in Indonesia Tehran (IRNA) -- Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid-Reza Asefi condemned here Thursday the deadly car bombing attack outside Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta that killed and injured innocent people.
Iran absolutely will not engage in nuclear weapons program: EU The European Union welcomes Iran #39;s new offer to suspend sensitive nuclear activities, saying Tehran should be given a few more months to comply before any tougher action, the Netherlands said on Thursday.
Chechens Blamed In Russian Siege Russia #39;s foreign minister said Friday that Chechen rebel warlord Shamil Basayev directed the hostage-taking raid on a school in southern Russia last week and that Arab militants participated in the attack.
Sprint, AT T Settle Credit Law Violation Claims Sprint and AT T will pay nearly \$1.5 million in civil penalties to settle government claims that the companies violated federal credit laws for customers seeking telephone service.
Web Aids Search for the Right -- or Left -- Mate The run-up to the U.S.\presidential election is casting the spotlight on a new crop of\Web sites for political-minded singles who are seeking Mr. or\Ms. Right ... or Left.
Poverty, Persecution Stalk Many Indigenous Peoples Indigenous issues are receiving more political attention worldwide, but many observers say most indigenous people remain mired in poverty. Dwindling land remains a chief cause, experts say.
Toronto Taps Lake Ontario to Stay Cool Seeking relief from urban heat, Toronto has tapped into Lake Ontario's frigid depths to cool downtown office buildings. The "waste" is used as drinking water.
Gravel-Gel-Soil Gives City Trees Room to Grow Trees bring both comfort and measurable benefits to urban environments. The problem is that roots don't flourish under pavement. Now scientists think they have a solution.
Extinctions Could Have Domino Effect, Study Says A new study estimates that if the nearly 12,200 animals and plants currently listed as threatened or endangered disappear, another 6,300 "affiliate" species could also be lost.
Earth's Magnetic Field Is Fading Earth's magnetic field is reportedly about 10 percent weaker today than it was when a German mathematician first started keeping tabs on it in 1845. So should we worry?
NASA Scientists Hopeful of Salvaging Genesis By PAUL FOY     SALT LAKE CITY (AP) -- NASA scientists said Friday they had recovered some intact materials from the wreckage of the Genesis space capsule that crashed this week and were hopeful that the mission to gather solar atoms could be salvaged.    "We should be able to meet many, if not all, of our science goals," said physicist Roger C...
Customers bemoan changes in Quicken 2005 The new version of the personal finance program drops support for a widely used file format.
Bush: Iraq Elections Must Take Place As Scheduled consulting with Iraqi Interim President Ghazi al-Yawar and Jordan #39;s King Abdullah. President #39;s Bush #39;s message throughout 
Briefly: Melinda Gates joins Washington Post board roundup Plus: The Woz has got game...Opera browsing, as seen on TV...EdgeStream introduces IPTV platform...Dolby, Intel sound off for developers.
Melinda Gates joins Washington Post board The wife of Microsoft head Bill Gates has been elected to the board of directors of the media conglomerate.
Report: Learning is key to grid success Grid computing looks to have a promising future--if vendors can continue to educate IT departments about its benefits.
The Trojan resume: MyDoom authors encode job plea But the antivirus community wrinkles its nose at the notion of a worm as curriculum vitae.
US resists Kyoto talks as climate summit begins With two months to go before the Kyoto Protocol starts operating, the 10th United Nations conference on climate change conference is underway in Argentina.
Some iPaq users report trouble with Skype Skype Technologies SA introduced version 1.0 of its Internet telephony application for Pocket PCs on Thursday, but the first non-beta release of the software does not work well on all Pocket PCs, users report.
Court rules against state Web-blocking law WASHINGTON - A Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers (ISPs) to block Web sites the state's prosecuting attorneys deem to be child pornography has been reversed by a U.S. federal court, with the judge ruling the law violated free speech rights.
Intel offers few details on dual-core plans SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp.'s dual-core strategy for mobile processors became a little clearer this week at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, but questions remain about the company's plans for bringing dual-core designs to its desktop and low-end server chips.
Gartner: Ignore Longhorn and stick with XP Microsoft Corp. may choose never to release its vaunted and long-overdue project WinFS, following its removal from the next version of Windows, according to analysts Gartner Inc.
Bankruptcy looms as US Airways seeks last-ditch cost savings US Airways Group scrambled to find cost savings to avoid tumbling back into bankruptcy, an event industry analysts warn could come as early as this weekend.
Brazil Debt Rating Raised by Moody #39;s on Export Growth (Update2) Brazil #39;s debt rating was raised by Moody #39;s Investors Service for the first time since 2000 as a surge in exports gives the country more hard currency to pay its foreign bonds.
Singh: Golf is  #39;all I know #39; As a youngster in Fiji, Vijay Singh tried many sports, but golf was the one that captured is imagination and led him on a journey that reached a peak this week when he became the No.
EU trio toughen stance on Iran nuke plan-diplomats France, Britain and Germany have toughened their stance on Iran #39;s nuclear programme, demanding that Tehran halt all parts of the atomic fuel cycle that can 
Blogger is now surprisingly cool Blogger is now surprisingly cool\\I have had a love hate relation with Googles Blogger service. I started blogging with it. It just stopped working for me one day and I moved on. But since then I have had minor brushes with the updates that Google added with time and it ...
Pakistani women  #39;must not hide #39; Hiding women away in the home hidden behind veils is a backward view of Islam, President Musharraf of Pakistan has said during a visit to Britain.
Spectrum-FDA OKs Generic Version of Cipro (Reuters) Reuters - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals  said\on Friday U.S. regulators have approved its generic version of\Bayer's   Cipro antibiotic, triggering a  #36;750,000\equity investment by one of its partners.
Officials Search al-Qaida Video for Clues (AP) AP - U.S. intelligence officials are studying the latest video from Osama bin Laden's top deputy to learn if the message is simply to rally al-Qaida's faithful  #151; or if it's an indication of events to come.
Drexler Headlines Hall of Fame Inductees (Reuters) Reuters - Former\Portland Trail Blazers guard Clyde Drexler highlights the class\of 2004 inductees for the Basketball Hall of Fame.
Mauresmo Takes Over as World Number One  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amelie Mauresmo became world number  one for the first time after Lindsay Davenport was defeated by  Svetlana Kuznetsova in the U.S. Open semi-finals on Friday.
Spectrum-FDA OKs Generic Version of Cipro  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SPPI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SPPI.O&lt;/A&gt; said  on Friday U.S. regulators have approved its generic version of  Bayer's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BAYG.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BAYG.DE&lt;/A&gt;  Cipro antibiotic, triggering a \$750,000  equity investment by one of its partners.
Drexler Headlines Hall of Fame Inductees  SPRINGFIELD, Massachusetts (Sports Network) - Former  Portland Trail Blazers guard Clyde Drexler highlights the class  of 2004 inductees for the Basketball Hall of Fame.
Delta's Bid to ChangeTerms Is Rejected  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said a group of bond holders refused to change the terms of  their securities, adding to the headwinds the airline faces as  it struggles to avoid bankruptcy.
Dollar Slips on Weaker Producer Prices  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The dollar eased on Friday after an  August decline in U.S. producer prices undermined forecasts for  dollar-boosting Federal Reserve interest rate hikes beyond  September.
Briefly: Transmeta starts new chip, warns on earnings roundup Plus: Keynote to buy researcher Vividence...Melinda Gates joins Washington Post board...The Woz has got game...Opera browsing, as seen on TV...EdgeStream introduces IPTV platform...Dolby, Intel sound off for developers.
Disney #39;s Eisner to leave company in 2006 Eisner has said that Disney President and Chief Operating Officer Bob Iger would be his choice as successor, but the Disney board is expected to consider many candidates.
US Airways Gives Pilots, Flight Attendants New Offer (Update3) US Airways Group Inc., struggling to avoid a second bankruptcy since 2002, gave its pilots #39; union a new plan for \$295 million in pay and benefit cuts three days after the group rejected a prior offer.
UPDATE 2-Delta bid to change debt terms is rejected Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said a group of bond holders refused to change the terms of their securities, adding to the headwinds 
Moody #39;s upgrades Lucent Technologies debt ratings Moody #39;s Investors Service upgraded the debt ratings for Lucent Technologies on Friday, citing the company #39;s adequate funds, stabilizing revenue and progress in improving profitability and cash flow.
Sprint, AT amp;T To Pay \$1.5 Million In Credit Case WASHINGTON -- Sprint and AT amp;T will be paying a total of \$1.5 million to settle with federal regulators. The government charges the phone giants failed to inform potential customers of their rights under federal credit law, after they were denied service.
Nortel hires Accenture to help fix global financial organization &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks said Friday it has hired giant consulting firm Accenture to help fix its troubled financial organization.
High hopes to salvage Genesis science Wreckage from the Genesis space capsule yielded good news on Friday when NASA scientists announced the solar payload may still fulfill its scientific promise.
Court rules against state Web-blocking law SEPTEMBER 10, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites deemed by the state #39;s prosecuting attorneys to be child pornography has been overturned by a US federal court, with the judge ruling the law 
Dreamless woman remains healthy A woman who stopped dreaming after a stroke is helping researchers unravel the mysteries of sleep. The 73-year-old patient was admitted to hospital after a stroke disrupted blood flow to an area at the back of her brain, called the occipital lobe.
Cisco to acquire network monitoring provider NetSolve Cisco Systems Inc. channel partners will be able to offer real-time monitoring of enterprises #39; networks after the company agreed to acquire NetSolve Inc.
Microsoft: Payout of Sasser bounty hinges on conviction com September 10, 2004, 1:42 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Extinction May Have Trickle-Down Effect WASHINGTON - Conservationists concerned about the extinction of plants and animals may be overlooking the danger to thousands of other species that depend on the threatened ones.
Kuznetsova beats injured Davenport, becomes first Russian woman to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lindsay Davenport hobbled her way out of the US Open, losing a big lead and able to do little but watch Svetlana Kuznetsova win 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 and become the first Russian woman to reach the final at this tournament.
Nestor and Knowles win the big one: a doubles title at US Open (CP) - Daniel Nestor and Mark Knowles shook off their past record in Grand Slam finals Friday, winning the men #39;s doubles title at the US Open in style.
The race for The Chase begins at Richmond Richmond, VA (Sports Network) - Ryan Newman earned the pole for Saturday night #39;s Chevy Rock  amp; Roll 400. The No.12 Penske Dodge circled the 0.750-mile Richmond International Raceway short track in 20.
The self-employed are not this bad economys saviors. By &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hong Kong voters go to the polls Sunday to elect a new Legislative Council. LegCo, as its known, symbolizes the high degree of autonomy that Hong Kong was promised when it reverted Chinese rule in 
Britons die in Zambia plane crash Two British tourists are among the six victims of a plane crash in Zambia, the Foreign Office has said. The plane, a South African-registered light aircraft, developed engine problems soon after take-off.
Winslow Jr. Ready to Debut With Browns (AP) AP - Kellen Winslow Jr. ended his second NFL holdout Friday.
Expos-Marlins to Play Two Games in Chicago (AP) AP - The Montreal Expos and Florida Marlins will play games Monday and Tuesday at the Chicago White Sox's stadium after the Marlins were forced to adjust their schedule for the second time this month because of a hurricane.
Little Sympathy for Thai Rebels Over Malaysian Border (Reuters) Reuters - Deep in a palm oil estate\in Malaysia's north, a cluster of about 20 wooden huts sits\around a brick mosque.
Former Alta city councillor gets conditional sentence for fabricating stalker (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LETHBRIDGE, Alta. (CP) - The strange tale of an Alberta politician who faked a stalking complaint ended Friday as a sentencing judge heard how her personal demons had led her into drug addiction and a suicide attempt.
Stocks Boosted by Oil's Fall; Techs Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips recovered ground on  Friday as falling oil prices offset a profit warning from  aluminum maker Alcoa Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;, while a tech rally was  fueled by software maker Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;
No Hasty Decisions on Future for Beaten Davenport  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lindsay Davenport exited the U.S. Open  disappointed but not downhearted after her hopes of a second  title were ended in the semi-finals by Russian Svetlana  Kuznetsova 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 on Friday.
Stroke Steals One Woman #39;s Dreams Along with the potentially devastating physical damage that a stroke can cause, a little known and rare consequence can be the loss of dreaming.
BREAKING NEWS  Federal judge rejects US bid to block Oracle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CNET is reporting that US District Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco has denied a request by the Antitrust Division of the federal Department of Justice to issue an injunction against Oracle #39;s hostile acquisition of business software maker PeopleSoft 
Eisner to step down in 2006 Sep. 10th, 2004 -- Michael Eisner has seen his shares of ups and downs as the head of the Walt Disney Company. He led the company through some of the greatest increases in profit the company had ever seen.
Expect Chapter 11, pilots told The leader of the pilots union at troubled US Airways began preparing members Wednesday for a likely Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing.
US Stocks Rise, Led by Technology Companies; Alcoa Slides US stocks rose as the biggest decline in oil prices in three months allayed concern that fuel costs will curb spending, damping earnings and economic growth.
Qwest to pay \$250M in settlement? Source says local phone company won #39;t deny or admit to charges of financial and disclosure fraud. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Qwest Communications International Inc.
Microsoft: Sasser bounty hinges on conviction Person who fingered alleged author of virus must cool heels while waiting for cool quarter-million-dollar reward.
China-Backed Search Engine Accoona Debuts (Reuters) Reuters - Accoona Corp., whose investors\include China's state information agency, unveiled its new Web\and business search system on Monday and said revenue would be\drawn from advertising services supplied by Yahoo Inc.
Microsoft: Payout of Sasser bounty hinges on conviction Sven Jaschan, the alleged author of the Sasser worm and several variants of the Netsky virus, was charged this week by German police, but the informant who led authorities to the suspect will have to wait for a promised \$250,000 reward, Microsoft 
Microsoft Microphones p2pnet.net News:-  quot;We #39;ve been hush-hush about it, so far. But we understand this is a major market opportunity, quot; Erik Huggers, director of Windows Digital Media division, told Reuters in an interview  quot;on the 
Yahoo! Partners With Mark Burnett For New Season Of  #39;The &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Yahoo! Inc. announced Thursday that it scored a deal to become the official Web site for the next two seasons of Mark Burnett #39;s hit reality show  quot;The Apprentice, quot; currently airing on NBC.
UPDATE 1-England v Zimbabwe to be completed on Saturday Opener Vikram Solanki struck a watchful 62 but Zimbabwe #39;s young bowlers had restricted England to 198 for five before play was abandoned for the day in the ICC Champions Trophy clash at Edgbaston, Birmingham on Friday.
Compete against your friends, SI experts and celebrities in this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Tennessee Titans will have a kicker on hand for Saturday #39;s season opener at Miami, and it won #39;t be the NFL #39;s career scoring leader Gary Anderson.
Israeli Lions Symbols of Peace at Palestinian Zoo Shouts of joy from excited schoolboys greeted the arrival of an Israeli convoy on its entry to a Palestinian town where visitors from the Jewish state are usually soldiers searching for militants.
US gives up on getting Iran to UN Security Council in September &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA : The United States now realizes that it does not have the majority it needs at the UN nuclear watchdog to bring Iran before the UN Security Council over Tehran #39;s alleged atomic weapons program, a US official told AFP.
Back-to-school sales, politics spur spam to new heights Spurred by back-to-school sales and politics, spam messages accounted for 82 of all the inbound e-mail processed during August, according to FrontBridge Technologies, an e-mail security firm.
Q A: Sara Lee wrestles with RFID, looks for benefits Ray Hagedorn, an IT manager at Sara Lee Foods, said in an interview that the company is taking a 'slap and ship' approach to its use of RFID tags while it learns more about the technology and looks for ways the tags can provide business benefits.
ISP Telenor cripples zombie PC network Working with a local Internet service provider, authorities in Singapore this week shut down a network of around 10,000 robot, or "zombie," computers after technicians stumbled on the illicit network by tracing communications from compromised PCs.
Source: Qwest to settle with SEC for \$250M Qwest has been under investigation by the SEC and the Justice Department over allegations that it inflated revenue by incorrectly booking network-capacity deals to meet revenue expectations.
Judge's decision means uncertain future for PeopleSoft Although Oracle still faces obstacles in its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid, analysts said yesterday's court rejection of the U.S. Department of Justice's attempt to block the deal on antitrust grounds is a blow for PeopleSoft.
Q A: Sun's Marissa Peterson on the company's IT services plans Marissa Peterson, who heads Sun Microsystems' services division, talked this week about the company's efforts to help its managed services partners broaden their reach.
Cisco to acquire network monitoring provider NetSolve Move will allow Cisco channel partners to monitor their enterprise customers' networks to provide better service and support.
Intel seeks role in development of the next Internet CTO envisions Intel-based servers acting as network nodes to reduce strain of millions of new devices and users.
Intel Offers Few Details on Dual-Core Plans Chip giant says it will move to new design by next year, but leaves many questions unanswered.
Colts Self-Destruct in Game With Patriots (AP) AP - The Indianapolis Colts had an entire offseason to fix their mistakes against New England. They still haven't gotten it right.
Gold Medal Alters Life for Carly Patterson (AP) AP - Carly Patterson has hobnobbed with Jay Leno, David Letterman and Shaquille O'Neal, posed for the cover of the Wheaties box and been the guest of honor at a parade in her hometown.
PayPal to Levy Fines for Gambling, Porn (Reuters) Reuters - PayPal, the online payments arm\of eBay Inc. , on Friday said it will soon fine people\up to  #36;500 for uses related to gambling, adult content or\services, and buying or selling prescription drugs from\noncertified sellers.
Results of Poll on Attitudes Over Economy (AP) AP - The Associated Press-Ipsos poll on attitudes about the economy is based on telephone interviews with 1,001 randomly selected adults from all states except Alaska and Hawaii. The interviews were conducted Sept. 7-9 by Ipsos-Public Affairs.
New Version of Windows Boosts Security (AP) AP - For years, programmers at Microsoft Corp. and elsewhere have worked to make it easier for devices like cell phones and personal digital assistants to work instantly and easily with computers.
South Korea's nuclear research not linked to weapons: US (AFP) AFP - South Korea's nuclear research is not linked to any manufacture of atomic weapons, the United States said.
Bruising Oracle-PeopleSoft battle revived by court ruling (AFP) AFP - A bruising Silicon Valley takeover battle was set for another round after a judge ruled Oracle can pursue its 7.7 billion-dollar hostile takeover bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft.
Southern Cal Wary of Colorado State QB (AP) AP - Southern California tailback LenDale White remembers Justin Holland from high school. The Colorado State quarterback made quite an impression.
Treasuries Gains Eroded by Upbeat Fed  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices ended barely  higher on Friday as gains made after a surprise drop in August  producer prices were eroded by upbeat remarks by two regional  Federal Reserve Bank presidents.
PeopleSoft fracas could spark software M amp;A Thursday #39;s pro-Oracle Corp. decision on the US Department of Justice #39;s attempt to block Oracle #39;s proposed takeover of PeopleSoft Inc.
EDS May Cut Up To 20,000 Jobs The IT services company may lay off as many as 20,000 from its global workforce of 125,000, in an effort to remain competitive with archrival IBM and low-cost offshore service providers.
Qwest reportedly reaches agreement with SEC on fraud investigation DENVER - Qwest communications agreed to settle a federal fraud investigation Friday, according to a union official. A company spokesman declined to comment.
Punch deals a blow to critics of tenanted pubs sector THE parliamentary inquiry into allegations that the newly-muscled tenanted pub companies are giving a raw deal to their pub tenants has certainly not put off the pubcos from trying to become ever-bigger and more influential.
AIM Trimark may fall into Holland #39;s lap What is bad for asset manager Amvescap PLC might prove to be very good for a company like CI Fund Management Inc. and its expansionist boss, Bill Holland.
Ray of hope for solar mission NASA scientists said yesterday they had recovered some intact materials from the wreckage of the Genesis space capsule that fell to Earth this week and were hopeful the mission to gather solar atoms could be salvaged.
 #39;Dream centre #39; of the brain found Scientists believe they have located the part of the brain where people #39;s dreams are created. A team from the University Hospital of Zurich, Switzerland, made the discovery after treating a woman who stopped dreaming after she had a stroke.
US Judge Rejects Law to Block Child Porn on Web A Pennsylvania law allowing the state to force Internet service providers to block access to child pornography sites is unconstitutional, a federal judge ruled on Friday.
Sun adds UltraSparc IV to 4-way, 8-way servers Sun Microsystems Inc. is preparing to launch two systems that will bring its UltraSparc IV processor into the low end of the company #39;s server product line.
Cisco steps up to network monitoring plate Cisco Systems decision to acquire NetSolve means that its channel partners will be able to offer real-time monitoring of networks.
VeriSign Speeds Up DNS Updates VeriSign on Thursday announced it would update the domain name servers for the .com and .net domains every few seconds rather than just twice a day to speed up Web site launches and limit disruption when changing hosting services.
Transmeta Ships Efficeon, Lowers Revenue Outlook Transmeta Corp. has begun limited shipments of the next generation of its Efficeon processor, which is being built on the 90-nanometer manufacturing process.
Photo Release: Dying Star Creates Fantasy-Like Sculpture of Gas &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GARCHING, Germany, Sept. 9 (AScribe Newswire) -- A new study of a large number of planetary nebulae has revealed that rings, such as those seen here around the Cat #39;s Eye Nebula, are much more common that thought 
The Real End RealNetworks has ended its three-week  quot;Freedom of Choice quot; online music promotion. According to the Seattle-based company over 3 million songs were purchased during the sale.
The perennial underdog is challenging Intel with a new class of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For 35 years, Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD ) stood in the shadow of archrival Intel Corp. (INTC ) AMD churned out lower-priced clones of the tech leader #39;s chips and occasionally enjoyed a hit that helped boost its meager profits.
Darwin #39;s expulsion sparks protests BELGRADE - Serbia #39;s Education Minister was ridiculed in cartoons and pelted with resignation demands on Thursday for ejecting Darwin from school classrooms in favour of Old Testament  #39;creationism #39;.
GAO Report Finds FBI Plans Still Lacking The bureau #39;s three-year, \$1 billion IT-modernization plan said to need a big-picture view. By Eric Chabrow. Despite some improvements, the FBI still lacks a coordinated plan to modernize its IT systems, increasing 
Weir on top at home; Singh one back Oakville, ON (Sports Network) - Canada #39;s own Mike Weir fired a six-under 65 on Friday to take the lead during round two of the Canadian Open.
Key Moments in Patriots 27-24 victory The New England Patriots played the Indianapolis Colts in the first NFL regular season game of the year. The Patriots were able to hold off a late Colts rally and preserve their victory 27 to 24, sending the Colts record in Foxboro to 0-6.
Cubs spank Marlins 11-2 to split twinbill Eleven months after winning two straight at Wrigley Field to take the NL pennant, the Florida Marlins returned Friday and split a doubleheader with Chicago.
NHL shuns union #39;s latest offer CBC SPORTS ONLINE - An NHL lockout appears almost unavoidable after the league swiftly rejected the NHL Players #39; Association #39;s latest offer on Thursday.
Williams to box Klitschko for world title Britain #39;s Danny Williams is to challenge Vitali Klitschko for his World Boxing Council heavyweight title in the United States in December.
Iran  a nightmare scenario for the West a hostile Muslim state develops nuclear weapons, throwing the Middle East and the world into turmoil. American officials warn that fear could soon turn into reality with Iran.
Pakistani journalists selling national interest: Sultan PESHAWAR: Pakistan Army spokesman Major General Shaukat Sultan on Friday accused Pakistani journalists of selling the national interest in return for a few hundred dollars, while 
Suspect in Thai murders contacts police The Thai police sergeant wanted in connection with the murder of two British travellers was yesterday reported to have contacted his superiors and offered to give himself up.
Pakistan cannot sideline Kashmir, says Kasuri ISLAMABAD: Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri on Friday vowed that Pakistan would never neglect or sideline the Kashmir issue and that it would be resolved according to the wishes of Kashmiris.
To surf or not to surf SOME of the earliest copies of Shakespeares plays are set to be put on the internet. The British Library is putting 93 high-resolution digitised copies of 21 of Shakespeare #39;s plays online.
Raikkonen is not running scared As Formula One inches towards a conclusion in its drive for radical change, Kimi Raikkonen offered further evidence that the effort might be in vain.
Russian Women Win Both Semis at U.S. Open (AP) AP - Fighting back from a disastrous start and winning the 49-stroke point of the tournament along the way, Jennifer Capriati served for the match against Elena Dementieva in their U.S. Open semifinal Friday.
Troops Patrol Streets in Hurricane-Ravaged Grenada (Reuters) Reuters - Troops secured\buildings against looters and authorities imposed a\dusk-to-dawn curfew as the tiny Caribbean island of Grenada\struggled to recover on Friday from Hurricane Ivan's\devastating strike.
Texas Talks a Better Game Than Cal Plays If Kevin Weiberg, the Big 12 Conference commissioner and Bowl Championship Series coordinator, had a dollar for every time he said,  quot;We #39;re going to have to go back and take a look at that 
U.S. Judge Rejects Law to Block Child Porn on Web (Reuters) Reuters - A Pennsylvania law allowing the\state to force Internet service providers to block access to\child pornography sites is unconstitutional, a federal judge\ruled on Friday.
NBA Grizzlies match Cavs' offer for Georgian center (AFP) AFP - Georgian giant Jake Tsakalidis will not be joining rookie star LeBron James in Cleveland after the Memphis Grizzlies matched the Cavaliers' National Basketball Association offer sheet.
Julio Appeals Suspension for Near Beaning (AP) AP - Orioles pitcher Jorge Julio received a four-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Friday for throwing a pitch that nearly hit Minnesota's Augie Ojeda in the head.
Canucks Re-Sign Sedin Twins, Auld (AP) AP - The Vancouver Canucks re-signed twins Daniel and Henrik Sedin and goaltender Alex Auld on Friday.
Ivan Lashes Jamaica; Death Toll Hits 37 (AP) AP - Waves two-stories high crashed on Jamaica's eastern shore Friday, flooding homes and washing away roads as Hurricane Ivan's ferocious winds and pounding rains began to lash the island and threatened a direct hit on its densely populated capital. The death toll elsewhere in the Caribbean rose to 37.
Despite Win, More Hurdles for Oracle (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  can\celebrate a ruling by a U.S. judge that it can take over\archrival PeopleSoft Inc. , but analysts say the\world's second biggest software maker has a battery of other\barriers to overcome before a deal is clinched.
UN mulls resolution pressing Sudan on Darfur (AFP) AFP - UN Security Council nations met to look for common ground on a disputed US draft resolution pressing Sudan to rein in Arab militias behind the bloodshed in Darfur.
Oracle Big Win Reopens Door For A Big Deal (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - A long-awaited ruling Thursday by U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker has cleared the way for Oracle   to proceed with its  #36;7.7 billion hostile bid to buy rival PeopleSoft  .
AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry (AP) AP - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent.
CBS Defends Report on Bush Guard Memos (AP) AP - CBS News mounted an aggressive defense Friday of its report about President Bush's service in the Air National Guard, with anchor Dan Rather saying broadcast memos questioned by forensic experts came from "what we consider to be solid sources."
Vaughan confident England can shine in South Africa England captain Michael Vaughan said on Monday that he expected an evenly matched series against South Africa but suggested his bowlers could hold the key.
Capriati Loses to Dementieva in U.S. Open Semifinal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Elena Dementieva broke the heart of  Jennifer Capriati when her spine-tingling 6-0, 2-6, 7-6 victory  over the American on Friday set up an all-Russian U.S. Open  final against Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Spain Says Last Oil Sucked Out of Prestige Tanker (Reuters) Reuters - The last few tons of sticky toxic fuel\oil have been sucked out of the wreck of the Prestige tanker,\Spain said on Friday, almost two years after the ship went down\in the country's worst environmental disaster.
Kuznetsova Stuns Davenport to Reach U.S. Open Final  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova stunned an  injury-hit Lindsay Davenport 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 at the U.S. Open on  Friday to reach her first grand slam final and end the  American's hopes of regaining the world number one ranking.
Former Washington Sen. Brock Adams Dies (AP) AP - Brock Adams, who served as transportation secretary under President Carter and represented Washington state in the Senate for one term, died Friday. He was 77.
Cleveland Fed Chief: Higher Rates Needed  SANTA ANA PUEBLO, N.M (Reuters) - U.S. interest rates  should rise to forestall future price pressures, Cleveland Fed  President Sandra Pianalto said on Friday, while conceding that  inflation did not pose a major threat now.
Viduka Goals Help Middlesbrough Beat Man. City 3-2 (Update1) Mark Viduka scored twice to end his run of 12 matches without a goal and help Middlesbrough beat Manchester City 3-2 in English soccer #39;s Premiership.
Latest economy data show growth slowing Japan #39;s economy grew 0.3 percent in real terms in the April-June period from the previous quarter, the government said Friday, marking a surprise downward revision from the initially reported expansion of 0.4 percent.
FDA Panel Rejects AstraZeneca Drug  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - A U.S. panel of medical experts  recommended on Friday that U.S. regulators reject AstraZeneca's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.N&lt;/A&gt; application to sell its anti-clotting drug  Exanta.
Cisco  #39;Buys #39; Into Managed Services Cisco Systems stepped up its commitment to helping partners deliver services with last week #39;s acquisition of publicly traded managed service provider NetSolve in a deal valued at nearly \$200 million.
Extinct plants, animals threaten loss of thousands more EDMONTON - An extra 6,000 species of butterflies and other small creatures will be wiped out if their endangered plant and animal hosts go extinct, scientists say.
Williams to Challenge Klitschko for World Title  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Danny Williams is to challenge  Vitali Klitschko for his World Boxing Council heavyweight title  in the United States in December.
Troops Patrol Streets in Hurricane-Ravaged Grenada  PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad (Reuters) - Troops secured  buildings against looters and authorities imposed a  dusk-to-dawn curfew as the tiny Caribbean island of Grenada  struggled to recover on Friday from Hurricane Ivan's  devastating strike.
Three Lebanese employees of food company shot dead in a Baghdad &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three Lebanese nationals who worked for a food company in Baghdad were shot dead in one of the victim #39;s homes on Friday and a fourth person 
All-Russian Women's Final at U.S. Open Is Set Elena Dementieva somehow outlasted Jennifer Capriati 6-0, 2-6, 7-6 (5) to set up all-Russian women's final at the U.S. Open.
Furcal's Arrest Disappoints Braves Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal was arrested on drunken driving charges Friday, his second D.U.I. arrest in four years.
Hurricane's fringes lash Jamaica Heavy rains and high winds  pound Jamaica as Hurricane Ivan roars towards the Caribbean island.
Bank signs 500m deal for IBM net telephones Banking group Lloyds TSB yesterday awarded IBM a 500m contract to supply internet telephony and data services in one of the biggest such deals seen in Europe.
Tennis: Dementieva triumphs Elena Dementieva beats Jennifer Capriati in a third-set tie-break to set up an all-Russian US Open final .
Former Seahawks Star Arrested (AP) AP - Former Seattle Seahawks running back Chris Warren has been arrested in Virginia on a federal warrant, accused of failing to pay  #36;137,147 in child support for his two daughters in Washington state.
Violence Will Intensify in Iraq as Elections Near, Rumsfeld Says But the defense secretary said that the U.S. was determined to insure that voting takes place as planned.
California boy wins national science competition A 17-year-old California boy won a premier high school science competition Monday for inventing a device that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
Cubs Spank Marlins 11-2 to Split Twinbill CHICAGO - Eleven months after winning two straight at Wrigley Field to take the NL pennant, the Florida Marlins returned Friday and split a doubleheader with Chicago. Moises Alou and Aramis Ramirez hit back-to-back homers, and the struggling Cubs routed the Florida Marlins 11-2 Friday to gain the split...
Estimated 18.6M Watch 'Joey' Debut on NBC NEW YORK - Based on its series premiere, Joey Tribbiani is missing a few viewers along with his "Friends." An estimated 18.6 million people watched the first episode of "Joey" Thursday, the spinoff of "Friends" that NBC was counting on to keep its Thursday night lineup strong, according to Nielsen Media Research.    That's lower than any original episode of Matt LeBlanc's old series drew last season, including the 24.5 million people who saw the season debut...
Julio Files Appeal Orioles pitcher Jorge Julio receives a four-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Friday for throwing a pitch that nearly hit Minnesota's Augie Ojeda in the head.
Dementieva Outlasts Capriati at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Elena Dementieva kept floating her funny serves, slow and spinning Frisbees more suited for table tennis than the hard courts at Flushing Meadows. And at the end, that was barely enough...
Braves' Furcal Arrested Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal is arrested on drunken driving charges Friday, his second DUI arrest in four years.
Ivan Begins Lashing Jamaica; Toll Hits 33 KINGSTON, Jamaica - Waves two-stories high crashed on Jamaica's eastern shore Friday, flooding homes and washing away roads as Hurricane Ivan's ferocious winds and pounding rains began to lash the island and threatened a direct hit on its densely populated capital. The death toll elsewhere in the Caribbean rose to 33...
Recognizing the best The world is awash in awards (say that three times fast, I dare you). Companies, media outlets, professional associations, even internal departments  everyones got a little slice of recognition to parcel out. With this wanton proliferation of prizes, many awards start to feel like marketing-driven publicity stunts with little beef behind them.
Is This Speck of Light an Exoplanet? Is this newly discovered feeble point of light the long-sought bona-fide image of an exoplanet? A research paper by an international team of astronomers provides sound arguments in favor, but the definitive answer is now awaiting further observations.
Clinton Spurs Men to Get Hearts Checked By MARILYNN MARCHIONE     (AP) -- Hospitals around the country are seeing an epidemic of "Clinton syndrome" as worried, middle-aged men take the former president's heart problems to heart and rush to get their own tickers checked.    Some, like Gary Haden, are scared enough to pay \$400 out of their own pockets for a heart scan at a private center that will get them in the same day they call...
Health Highlights: Sept. 10, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----      Nightclub Lasers Can Harm Eyes      Nightclub lasers may be a vision hazard, according to the United Kingdom's National Radiological Protection Board (NRPB).      The board said that laser beams are strong enough to cause serious injuries, but often come with inadequate safety information and are used by people with no laser safety experience, BBC News Online reported...
Briefly: Groups push on for TV on cell phones roundup Plus: Shopping.com holders cut IPO shares...Transmeta starts new chip, warns on earnings...Keynote to buy researcher Vividence.
Sun looks to chip performance to bring brighter days Beleaguered server firm is working on a series of higher-performance processors it hopes will get profits back on track.
MyDoom spawns four small offshoots Four minor copies of the program surface, which some security experts believe indicates that a more lethal MyDoom may be on the way.
Update 2: Qwest, SEC Reach Agreement, Says Official Qwest Communications International Inc. has tentatively agreed to pay \$250 million to settle fraud allegations by federal regulators, a union official said Friday - a move that could help lift a cloud that 
Scientists retrieve some intact material from space capsule &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Optimistic NASA scientists said today they have recovered some intact materials from the wreckage of the Genesis space capsule, offering hope that the mission to gather solar 
G-8 countries make progress over nuclear tensions with Iran &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States narrowed differences with European allies Friday on how to pressure Iran to renounce the development of nuclear weapons, but it hasn #39;t yet won agreement to haul the country before the UN Security Council, a US official 
An Online Art Form: the Away Message (AP) AP - As people spend more time online  #151; and logged into instant messaging services  #151; it's inevitable that there are times they just can't respond. That's why the "away message"  #151; set up to be sent automatically from someone's account  #151; has become so popular.
Sun adds UltraSparc IV to 4-way, 8-way servers SAN FRANCISCO - Sun Microsystems Inc. is preparing to launch two systems that will bring its UltraSparc IV processor into the low end of the company's server product line. Called the Sun Fire V490 and V890, the servers are slated to be introduced during Sun's Network Computing quarterly product announcement on Sept. 21, Sun said.
DemoMobile 2004: Mobility made easier SAN DIEGO -- Here at the DemoMobile 2004 conference, about 40 vendors had six minutes each to demonstrate their wireless technology invention to the crowd. Some products, although amazing in description, don't translate very well on the live screen and in such a tight time constraint. Some demonstrations, however, entirely captivate the audience and leave in their wake an audible buzz of excited voices.
Mobile apps rising The DemoMobile 2004 spotlight shone on tools and services designed to mobilize business and application processes, as earlier concerns regarding wireless infrastructure build out and coverage have faded.
Spam Influx Reaches New Heights Back-to-school sales and political pitches helped spur latest barrage of spam.
Court Rules Against State Web-Blocking Law Judge says law violates free speech, orders blocking stopped.
Will Your Next Cell Phone Have a Hard Drive? Hitachi and Intel are teaming up to add storage to more mobile devices.
Genesis scientists hopeful of salvaging solar atoms Nasa scientists have recovered some intact materials from the wreckage of the Genesis space capsule that crashed in the Utah desert this week and are hopeful the mission to gather solar atoms may be salvaged.
For Intel, the future has two cores With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
A winsa win NEW YORK - With a shot at claiming the No. 1 ranking, Amelie Mauresmo engaged Elena Dementieva in a contest called, Anything you can do, I can do worse.
Cricket: Pressure for young Zimbabwean bowler BIRMINGHAM, England Tinashe Panyangara might just be the future of Zimbabwean cricket. The 18-year old fast bowler #39;s talent was demonstrated earlier this year in the under-19 World Cup, when his six wickets ensured an astonishing win over Australia.
Canucks re-sign Sedin twins CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Vancouver Canucks have re-signed the Sedin twins for another season. Henrik and Daniel Sedin each agreed to one-year deals with the Canucks on Friday.
Rutgers Cappie Pondexter to miss first semester NEWARK, NJ - Two-time All Big East senior guard Cappie Pondexter is going to miss the first half of Rutgers women #39;s basketball season.
Indonesia warned of second terror cell Australia #39;s top police official warns that militants may be ready to strike again in Indonesia, a day after an attack killed at least nine people.
Police Name Man Wanted for Letter Bombs Police said today they are trying to trace a 32-year-old man in connection with a number of letter bombs. Unemployed Justin McAuliffe, of De Parys Avenue, Bedford, has not been seen since he left his flat on Saturday.
Trio Makes Web Data Transfer to Handsets Easier Have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? Have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? Or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone? A trio of entrepreneurs believe they have a solution.
Education Helping More Seniors Get Online A growing number of older Americans are discovering the Internet. Across the country, programs have sprouted at senior centers and libraries to help people master the Internet, which advocates say is an important tool for seniors trying to overcome isolation and stay independent.
Chicago Mayor Covers City with Surveillance Cameras More than 2,000 surveillance cameras in public places would be tied in to a network that would use sophisticated software to spot emergencies or suspicious behavior under a plan announced Thursday by Mayor Richard Daley.
Judge Rules Internet Child Porn Law Unconstitutional By JOANN LOVIGLIO    PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- A federal judge threw out on Friday a Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites containing child pornography, saying the tools to do so also cause "massive suppression" of constitutionally protected speech.    Enacted in 2002, the law gave Pennsylvania's attorney general the power to require that companies like America Online Inc...
Sun looks to chip performance to bring brighter days Sun Microsystems wants to distinguish its future servers by fitting them with new chips that get their jobs done more efficiently.
Stocks climb as oil falls A sharp decline in oil prices and a surprise drop in wholesale prices pushed stocks higher Friday as investors #39; concerns about third quarter earnings were mitigated.
US labor, industry coalition charges China currency  #39;manipulation #39; WASHINGTON : An alliance of labor, industry and farm groups filed a complaint charging China with creating unfair trade conditions and undermining US workers and industry by manipulating its currency.
Qwest Shares Rise on Reported Settlement Shares of Qwest Communications rose more than 5 percent in Friday action amid news that the company has agreed to pay \$250 million to end a federal probe of fraudulent accounting practices employed by former management.
2 Tribune Papers Revise Circulation Again he Tribune Company said yesterday that two of its newspapers, Newsday and the Spanish-language daily Hoy, had overstated their average circulation figures by even more than the company 
Punch pays 335m for InnSpired Punch Taverns, the acquisitive tenanted pubs owner, has swallowed a further 1,064 pubs, taking its estate to more than 8,000 sites.
Insurance nightmare Damage from multiple hurricanes leave a mess &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Allstate Corp. and Citizens Property Insurance Corp., which reported the biggest losses from last month #39;s Hurricane Charley, may face the largest claims from Hurricane Frances 
VeriSign speeds up registry updates VeriSign said Thursday it will update its domain name system servers every few seconds, instead of twice a day. With this  quot;rapid updates quot; policy, the Internet domain name registry said, people who seek new 
FTC lets 3G be THE US FTC has set aside more spectrum for third-generation cell phone calls and wireless. An additional 20 megahertz previously used by unlicensed personal communications services and mobile satellite services has been handed over to the new technology.
Warning signs at Intel FOR Wall Street types reluctantly dragging themselves back from the Hamptons, slightly cheaper crude oil prices gave them something to cheer about this week and an excuse to buy some oversold stocks.
Canucks re-sign Sedin twins, Auld The Vancouver Canucks re-signed twins Daniel and Henrik Sedin and goaltender Alex Auld on Friday. The Sedins signed one-year deals, while Auld agreed to a two-year contract.
Security Council condemns armed groups in Haiti The UN Security Council condemned illegal armed groups in Haiti it said were performing unauthorized law enforcement and called on the transitional government 
Sony's SXRD Projection TV to Take on DLP New rear-projection technology from Sony to be featured in new HDTV.
IBC in Amsterdam After a day of conferences and seminars, this year #146;s IBC trade show for media, video and broadcasting professionals kicked off in Amsterdam. Within minutes the Apple booth was buzzing as Motion made its first public appearance at a major European event. See a photo gallery from the first day of the show. Sep 10
Oracle's Ellison Earned  #36;3.85M Salary (AP) AP - Larry Ellison, the chief executive of software maker Oracle Corp., earned  #36;3.85 million in salary and bonus for the fiscal year that ended May 31, according to documents filed Friday.
Australia holds security meeting as warns of second suicide bomb team (AFP) AFP - Australian security chiefs prepared for a key security meeting to take stock of Thursday's bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta, as a top police official warned of a second suicide bomb team operating in Indonesia.
Qwest Said to Settle S.E.C. Investigation Qwest Communications has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into its accounting practices.
Telkom Makes  #39;Last Mile #39; Wireless Telkom and Intel announced last night that they are to trial WiMAX broadband wireless networks locally, to give the end-user wireless alternative connections to the telco #39;s network.
US blue chips hurt by Alcoa, but techs rise US blue chips were knocked lower on Friday by a profit warning from aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. , but tech stocks gained after a judge rejected a government bid to block a takeover of PeopleSoft Inc.
Qwest Said to Settle SEC Investigation west Communications, the Midwest regional telecommunications giant, has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into its accounting practices, the company #39;s union said yesterday.
BAA enjoys a record August Airports operator BAA said it enjoyed its busiest August last month with 14.2 million passengers using its seven airports, an increase of 3.7 on August last year.
Pennsylvania child porn law struck down A federal judge today overturned a Pennsylvania law aimed at restricting access to web sites hosting child pornography. Pennsylvania Statute 7330 required ISPs to block access by the customers to child porn sites.
Sweet dreams are made of this ... have we solved the Freudian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sigmund Freud may have been right all along. Dreams really could be our unconscious minds giving us a glimpse of our deepest, darkest desires.
Microsoft Makes Nice with Mice Microsoft (Quote, Chart) unveiled nine consumer-oriented mice and keyboards, with geek-chic touches like Bluetooth connectivity and biometrics.
Parliamentary panel to probe Beslan tragedy : Apparently responding to wide public dismay over last week #39;s school hostage-taking, President Vladimir Putin on Friday agreed to formation of a parliamentary investigative commission.
Christina Kim Leads Hammons Classic by One (AP) AP - Christina Kim shot a 6-under 65 Friday and held a one-stroke lead over Annika Sorenstam and LPGA Tour rookie Shi Hyun Ahn after the first round of the John Q. Hammons Hotel Classic.
Scientists Recover Critical Genesis Parts (AP) AP - NASA scientists said Friday they have recovered some critical pieces of the Genesis space capsule intact and are optimistic the wreckage will yield valuable information about the origins of the solar system.
Record-Breaking Singh Stalks Canadian Leader Weir  OAKVILLE, Ontario (Reuters) - Hometown hero Mike Weir  surged into the lead after an incomplete second round at the  100th Canadian Open Friday, hotly pursued by new world number  one Vijay Singh.
Judge Questions Md. Vote Chief's Ouster (AP) AP - A judge who will decide whether Maryland's top elections official may keep her job on Friday questioned the attempt by the State Board of Elections to fire her, wondering how it might affect the November vote.
Grizzlies Quickly Match Cavs' Offer to Tsakalidis  MEMPHIS, Tennessee (Sports Network) - The Memphis Grizzlies  didn't take long to match the Cleveland Cavaliers' offer sheet  given to center Jake Tsakalidis.
US takes stern message to Syria US envoy William Burns travels to Syria to warn Damascus over its troops in Lebanon and alleged links with militants. 
In Shift, Putin Vows Public Inquiry Into School Slaughter The Russian president's announcement came as questions multiplied about the events in which more than 300 people died in Beslan.
Trade deficit slips lower in July WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The US trade deficit narrowed in July as imports fell for the first time in almost a year, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
VeriSign Accelerates DNS Verisign (Quote, Chart) has launched its new name server initiative, a move designed to improve the speed with which .com and .net DNS zone files are updated.
Hubble Captures Cat #39;s Eye Nebula Sept. 9, 2004 - Like an onion cut in half, the concentric shells surrounding the Cat #39;s Eye Nebula are visible in the newest image from the Hubble Space Telescope.
All-Russian tennis final set for women #39;s US Open CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Svetlana Kuznestova became the first Russian to advance to a US Open final after defeating American and former champion Lindsay Davenport in three sets on Friday at Ashe Stadium in Flushing Meadows, NY.
Henman thrives on lone mission FOR so long written off as a perennial contender at Wimbledon but nowhere else, Tim Henman has stood convention on its head this year.
Holmes relaxes and gives rivals a chance Kelly Holmes arrived here yesterday insisting she felt no pressure before her first appearance on the track since winning her two Olympic gold medals.
Sudan argues charges Sudan and Western powers plunged into a war of words over Darfur on Friday, with Khartoum countering US charges of genocide by saying Washington was playing electoral politics with a humanitarian crisis.
Captors Give Italy Deadline BAGHDAD, 11 September 2004 - Militants yesterday gave Italy 48 hours to free Muslim women prisoners in Iraq in exchange for two Italian aid workers as the interim Iraqi president promised to do all he could to win the release of the duo.
WTC agency to sue Saudi Arabia for 9/11 damages The agency that owned the World Trade Centre says it will file a lawsuit against Saudi Arabia for damages it suffered on September 11, 2001, noting 84 of its employees were killed in the air attacks that toppled the twin towers.
Army alone not the answer to Maoist mess: Delhi to Deuba NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 10: India does not believe that a purely military solution is the answer to the crisis afflicting Nepal and hopes that the Maoists will participate in a peace process after they have laid down arms, Foreign Secretary Shyam 
Gate-crasher Johansson leaves hosts #39; party plans in tatters All the American television plans for Super Saturday were left in tatters under the floodlights of the Arthur Ashe Stadium when Andy Roddick, the reigning champion, followed Andre Agassi through the door marked  quot;Exit quot;.
McDowell trumps Ryder team Graeme McDowell, unencumbered by Ryder Cup distractions, surged into the lead at the Linde German Masters at Gut Lrchenhof in Cologne yesterday with a second-round 64, eight under par.
Cotton on consumers The 2004 Global Lifestyle Monitor survey, conducted by Cotton Incorporated and Cotton Council International, reveals about 68.7 per cent of consumers surveyed in five Chinese cities say the material used is the deciding factor.
Sudan: U.S. Genocide Label May Hurt Talks (AP) AP - The U.S. declaration that government-backed militiamen have committed genocide in Darfur is a "big mistake" that could hinder peace talks and undermine the role of African mediators in the conflict, Sudan's top officials said Friday.
Giambi Still Hitless in Triple-A Rehab (AP) AP - Jason Giambi went 0-for-3 for Columbus on Friday night and remained hitless in a Triple-A rehabilitation stint designed to get him ready to return to the New York Yankees.
Nutt Boasts Good Record Against Texas (AP) AP - Since taking over at Arkansas in 1998, coach Houston Nutt is 21-0 against nonconference opponents in the regular season.
Second Cell Poised for Indonesia Attack, Australia Says (Reuters) Reuters - Militants responsible for a deadly car\bomb blast outside Australia's Jakarta embassy have a second\group poised for attack, Australia's top policeman said on\Saturday as Australians heard a fresh warning to avoid\Indonesia.
Disney Chief to Leave, Setting Off Race for Job Michael D. Eisner, who has spent much of the last year fending off challenges to his two-decade reign at the Walt Disney Company, has announced 
Eisner to retire Will  #39;assist #39; Michael D. Eisner, the chief executive who helped turn the Walt Disney Co. into the world #39;s second-largest media conglomerate but has come under fire recently for its financial slump, announced plans yesterday to retire in two years.
Japan pares forecast amid signs of slowdown TOKYO The Japanese government on Friday unexpectedly lowered its estimate for second-quarter economic growth to an annual rate of 1.3 percent from an initial estimate of 1.7 percent, quelling hopes that the robust expansion seen earlier in the year might 
Dollar slumps against the pound on soft inflation numbers LONDON : The dollar slumped against the pound as softer-than-expected US producer price data diminished expectations of a quick interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.
Fidelity owns 1/4 of Google stock Ned Johnson and his Fidelity acolytes have snapped up a quarter of all the Google stock available, at a Street value of more than \$500 million.
Enron Case Prosecutors Calling for a Single Trial Former Enron Corp. chief executives Jeffrey K. Skilling and Kenneth L. Lay should stand trial together because they engaged in a  quot;single overarching conspiracy quot; to enrich themselves by inflating 
Court Rejects Child Porn Internet Law A federal court yesterday struck down as unconstitutional a path-breaking Pennsylvania law designed to prevent Internet users from seeing Web sites that contain child pornography.
NASA: oxygen generator fails NASA announces that the main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board may have to tap into an attached cargo ship #39;s air supply next week.
The boob tube on your smartphone Handset manufacturers unite to develop TV-enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to watch Survivor on your cell phone anytime soon.
Intel Proposes Internet Transformation  quot;These new smart services could allow the Internet to detect and warn of worm attacks on its own, dynamically re-route network traffic to avoid delays, and improve video web casting, quot; said Intel 
Tech firms announce video anti-piracy technology Global leading technology firms NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson say they will develop new encryption technology to foil video piracy, a 3.5 billion US dollars problem for broadcasters and movie studios.
RealNetworks ends its half-off online music sale They didnt make this announcement with quite as much fanfare as when they cut their price per download at their online music store to just 49 cents, but RealNetworks is ending that half-price Freedom of Choice promotion theyve been running for 
Analyst: SP2 Paves Road to Longhorn Installing Microsoft Windows XP Service Pack 2 will leave corporate users better-positioned when the first release of the Longhorn operating system is released, according to a report from Gartner.
All Russian tennis final There are no US players left in either singles draw, with Jennifer Capriati and Lindsay Davenport being bundled out in the women #39;s semifinals.
Eight Drivers Are Jumbled Around The Cutoff Point Jamie McMurray took one look at the assembled crowd -- about five dozen journalists, a bank of television cameras and a roaming gang of still photographers -- and reconsidered his wardrobe.
Taking hurricane effects in stride CHICAGO -- The National League Wild Card race now reminds you of a Jimmy Buffet song. No, it is not  quot;Cheeseburger in Paradise, quot; although that is a very admirable guess.
Notre Dame Loses Footing Upon a Shifting Landscape A plaque commemorating Notre Dame #39;s 1946 national championship football team caught lineman Bobby Morton #39;s eye earlier this week at the university #39;s football facility.
NL Wrap: Rookie Pitcher Leads Pirates Over Astros Rookie John Van Benschoten pitched eight strong innings to seize his first major league victory, powering the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Houston Astros 6-1 in the National League Friday.
Braves end three-game losing streak ATLANTA - Showing they can circle the wagons with the best of them, the Braves fought off enemies real and imagined Friday night on the heels of shortstop Rafael Furcal #39;s DUI arrest.
Michaels swats one out after swatting one out One night after his most embarrassing moment in the major leagues, Michaels went 4-for-5 with a homer and four RBI to lead the Philadelphia Phillies past the New York Mets 9-5 Friday.
Hurricane Ivan slams into Jamaica Hurricane Ivan has roared into Jamaica with drenching rains and deadly winds and sporadic shooting erupted in the near-deserted streets of the capital as looters 
3 Lebanese shot dead in Iraq Three Lebanese were killed and one wounded by a group of gunmen in Iraq on Friday, said an official of the Lebanese Foreign Ministry.
Doing the impossible with Longhorn Its funny how circumstances can change your perception of whats possible. A few months ago, key Microsoft architects were telling me that it would be impossible to decouple the Avalon presentation subsystem from the Longhorn OS.
Miami Beats Florida St. 16-10 in OT (AP) AP - New season, new conference, same result. Frank Gore's 18-yard touchdown run in overtime gave No. 5 Miami a 16-10 victory over No. 4 Florida State on Friday night.
U.S. Ringtones Market Slow to Connect (Reuters) Reuters - With a possible billion-dollar\windfall at stake, U.S. music companies are eagerly awaiting\the full-blown development of the stateside ringtone market.
Court Rejects Child Porn Internet Law (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - A federal court yesterday struck down as unconstitutional a path-breaking Pennsylvania law designed to prevent Internet users from seeing Web sites that contain child pornography.
Pirates Cool Down Astros 6-1 (AP) AP - The Houston Astros have gone cold in Pittsburgh. Rookie John Van Benschoten allowed five hits in eight innings for his first major league win, and the Pirates beat the Astros 6-1 Friday night.
Antitrust Ruling Reverberates (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Oracle Corp. was not the only beneficiary of a federal judge's ruling late Thursday that it could proceed with its  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for software rival PeopleSoft Inc. Yesterday, the stock prices of numerous software firms surged during widespread speculation that the antitrust ruling could spark a wave of consolidation in the industry.
Davenport Won't Decide on Retirement Now (AP) AP - All in due time, Lindsay Davenport will decide whether she wants retire. Only right now is not that time.
NL Wrap: Rookie Pitcher Leads Pirates Over Astros  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rookie John Van Benschoten pitched  eight strong innings to seize his first major league victory,  powering the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Houston Astros 6-1 in  the National League Friday.
Finns Sink Americans to Reach World Cup Hockey Final  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Saku Koivu scored the winner with less  than four minutes to go, giving Finland a surprise 2-1 victory  over the United States in the semi-finals of the World Cup of  Hockey at St Paul, Minnesota on Friday.
More Grizzlies With Cubs in Yellowstone (AP) AP - The number of grizzly bears with cubs in the Yellowstone area appears to be rebounding, which could bolster efforts to remove the animals from the endangered species list, biologists said Friday.
Japan in Recovery? The world's second-largest economy is finally adding jobs and fostering consumer spending, but economists wonder how long the upward swing will last.
Eisner to Leave Disney Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner announced plans Friday to retire in 2006, ending more than two decades atop what may be the world's best-known entertainment company.
TSA Widens Airline Passenger Searches  Airport security screeners will begin more thorough pat-downs of some passengers later this month in an effort to prevent terrorists from sneaking aboard commercial aircraft with explosives under their clothing.
Haft Signed Document Affirming Bride's Control The D.C. retail and real estate magnate  amended his will two weeks before his death to give his new wife control over the bulk of his \$50 million estate and shut his three children out of any inheritance.
A Russian Summit in the Final Elena Dementieva and Svetlana Kuznetsova earned three-set victories over Americans to set up an all-Russian women's final at the United States Open.
2 All-Stars for Yanks Fall Out of Favor Javier Vazquez and Esteban Loaiza have been among the worst pitchers in baseball in the second half of the season, and the Baltimore Orioles battered them on Friday.
REVIEW: Sunglasses Player Not a Bargain (AP) AP - It seems like a cool idea  #151; sunglasses with a built-in digital music player and speakers. No headphone cables to untangle as with most portable players. Music actually riding on your ears. Zero retinal damage from ultraviolet radiation.
Australian boosts bomb manhunt  Australia pledges US\$3.5m to help police catch those behind the bombing of its embassy in Indonesia. 
DEMENTIEVA WINS THRILLER Elena Dementieva beat Jennifer Capriati 6-0 2-6 7-6 (7-5) in a thrilling spectacle of tennis on Friday night to progress to the women #39;s singles final of the US Open.
Marlins split doubleheader against Cubs aces Mark Prior #39;s previous appearance against the Florida Marlins at Wrigley Field turned into one of the most agonizing losses in Chicago Cubs #39; history.
Boxing: Williams to face Klitschko Danny Williams will take on WBC world heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko in December.
Foreign minister visits N Korea Foreign Office minister Bill Rammell is travelling to North Korea - the first visit to the country by a British minister.
Court Rules Against Pennsylvania Law That Curbs Child-Pornography &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; federal court struck down a Pennsylvania law yesterday, ruling that the state could no longer force Internet service providers to block customers #39; access to Web sites thought to be distributing child pornography.
Powerful Ivan nears Jamaica Hurricane Ivan neared Jamaica Friday night packing sustained winds of 155 mph, all but promising life-threatening flash floods and mudslides.
Disney Chief to Leave, Setting Off Race for Job Michael Eisner announced an exit on his own terms, shifting the spotlight from the debate over his leadership to speculation over his successor.
Bush's Backers Donate Heavily to Veteran Ads Swift Boat Veterans for Truth said it had raised \$6.7 million in a windfall brought about by its high profile in recent weeks.
Sudan Government's Attacks Stoke Rebels' Fury Much of the responsibility for the growth of insurgency in the Sudan lies with the Arab-led government in Khartoum.
Dementieva should outlast countrymate in women #39;s final com. There #39;s a famous Russian proverb that offers a path to success:  quot;He who doesn #39;t risk never gets champagne. quot; Both Dementieva and Kuznetsova, a pair of up-and-coming young Russian 
Dillon plays his role: OK with pass-heavy plan When the Patriots stats, news took a risk and sent a second-round pick to Cincinnati for explosive (in more ways than one) running back Corey Dillon, everyone assumed it was for games like Thursday night.
Defender to miss extra game NEW YORK -- Already hit with an automatic one-game suspension and a \$250 fine for drawing a red card, Kansas City Wizards defender Alex Zotinca has been issued an additional fine and suspension.
3 Fugitive Muslim Militants Suspected in Jakarta Attack Indonesian investigators said Friday that they believed Thursday morning #39;s bombing of the Australian Embassy, which killed nine people, was carried out by three 
Former soldier turns himself in to US base in Japan A former US serviceman accused of deserting while serving in South Korea in 1965 turned himself in on Saturday to the US military at a base near Tokyo.
India urged to grasp opportunity for peace: Rashid believes Osama &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KARACHI, Sept 10: Pakistan will go extra mile for the success of composite dialogue with India, on all issues including Kashmir, and will do nothing to vitiate the environment for normalization of relations.
Orioles Drub Streaking Yankees 14-8 BALTIMORE - Brian Roberts and Larry Bigbie had two hits apiece in an eight-run third inning, and the Baltimore Orioles ended the New York Yankees' five-game winning streak with a 14-8 victory Friday night.    Miguel Tejada and Melvin Mora homered, and B.J...
CBS Defends Report on Bush Guard Memos WASHINGTON - CBS News mounted an aggressive defense Friday of its report about President Bush's service in the Air National Guard, with anchor Dan Rather saying broadcast memos questioned by forensic experts came from "what we consider to be solid sources."   On Friday's "CBS Evening News," Rather said that "no definitive evidence" has emerged to prove the documents are forgeries.   "If any definitive evidence comes up, we will report it," Rather said...
Alleged U.S. Deserter Jenkins Surrenders CAMP ZAMA, Japan - Accused U.S. Army deserter Charles Jenkins surrendered at a U.S...
Qwest to pay \$250m settlement Qwest, the US telecoms company founded by Millennium Dome entrepreneur Philip Anschutz, will pay \$250m (140m) to settle civil fraud charges, according to a union official briefed on the pact.
'Canes Sting Seminoles Frank Gore's 18-yard touchdown run in overtime caps a late rally and gives No. 5 Miami a 16-10 win over No. 4 Florida State in the Atlantic Coast Conference opener Friday.
Healthy Ground Game As a team, the Cavaliers have every intention of making this the season their running game becomes dominant, and a healthy Wali Lundy looks to lead the charge.
Points Race Logjam The drama is beginning to build, more than two months from the end of NASCAR's season, as drivers battle for a spot in a championship showdown over the final 10 races
United Is Short-Handed A hamstring and a pair of hurricanes have left United a little short-handed Saturday for their match against Dallas at RFK Stadium.
Johansson #39;s progress sparks conflict of loyalty  quot;Come on, baby! quot; Jaslyn Hewitt #39;s support for Joachim Johansson, her Swedish boyfriend, was clear on Thursday night as he ended Andy Roddick #39;s reign as US Open champion in Arthur Ashe Stadium.
Team USA Burned Late The Americans give up two late scores, including Saku Koivu's unchallenged goal with 3:54 left Friday night, in a 2-1 loss to Finland in the semifinals.
Twins Tame Tigers Jacque Jones drives in two runs to lead the Twins over the Tigers, 4-1, Friday. Carlos Silva pitches well to win for the first time in a month.
Phillies Hammer Mets Jason Michaels goes 4-for-5 with a homer and four RBI to lead the Philadelphia Phillies past the New York Mets, 9-5, Friday.
Hurricane Ivan's Rains Pound Jamaica The most powerful storm to strike the Caribbean in a decade threatened widespread destruction on the island before it rumbles into Cuba and storm-battered Florida this weekend.
3 Fugitive Muslim Militants Suspected in Jakarta Attack Investigators said Friday that they believed the deadly bombing of the Australian Embassy was carried out by suicide attackers who had eluded a manhunt after fellow militants were captured during raids in July and August.
Qwest Near SEC Deal A long-awaited wrist slap seems to be in the works for Qwest (Q:NYSE - news - research). The Denver phone giant is close to settling book-cooking allegations with the Securities and Exchange Commission for 
Circulation scandal to cost Tribune Co. The Tribune Co., publishers of New York Newsday and the Spanish-language Hoy, will spend up to \$60 million to pay settlements in a circulation scandal.
Federal judge throws out Pa. child porn-blocking law PHILADELPHIA A federal judge has tossed out Pennsylvania #39;s law that requires Internet service providers to block child porn Web sites.
New Study Finds Technology Already Exists to Solve Global Warming A new study finds that technologies already exist to solve the problem of global warming. It says strategies employing these technologies over the next fifty years could put the brakes on rising levels of 
Rapids 3, Wizards 1 Joe Cannon stopped a shot from close range in the 76th minute and a penalty kick five minutes later, helping the Colorado Rapids to a 3-1 victory over the Kansas City Wizards on Friday night.
MLB: Philadelphia 9, New York Mets 5 A two-run homer in the seventh by Jason Michaels put Philadelphia in front Friday night and the Phillies went on to down the New York Mets, 9-5.
S African #39;s nuclear smuggling charges dropped South African police have dropped charges against a businessman accused of involvement in an international nuclear smuggling network.
Poles says Germany owes Poland for WW2 The Polish parliament has passed a resolution declaring Germany had not compensated Poland for World War Two losses, a move reflecting renewed tensions between the two neighbours over the war #39;s legacy.
Court Rejects Child Porn Internet Law A federal court Friday struck down as unconstitutional a path-breaking Pennsylvania law designed to prevent Internet users from seeing Web sites that contain child pornography.
Antitrust Ruling Reverberates Oracle Corp. was not the only beneficiary of a federal judge's ruling late Thursday that it could proceed with its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for software rival PeopleSoft Inc. Yesterday, the stock prices of numerous software firms surged during widespread speculation that the antitrust ruling could spark a wave of consolidation in the industry.
Schilling Wins 19, Red Sox Beat Mariners (AP) AP - Curt Schilling became the first 19-game winner in the major leagues this year and Manny Ramirez homered twice, including his second grand slam of the season, to lead the Boston Red Sox over the Seattle Mariners 13-2 Friday night.
New York Marking 3rd Anniversary of 9/11 NEW YORK - Last year, children's voices echoed across ground zero. This year, it is the bereaved parents and grandparents of World Trade Center victims who will read aloud the names of those lost on Sept...
Eisner to yield Disney helm in 2006 CEO who once led company to industry glory has found himself under fire in recent years. LONDON -- Michael Eisner, who led the Walt Disney Co.
Stocks: Concerns over profits weaken blue chips NEW YORK Concerned about third-quarter earnings offset a surprise drop in wholesale prices, keeping stocks mixed Friday. Blue chips dropped on profit warnings from Alcoa, a Dow component, and Visteon, while technology shares rose on takeover expectations.
Qwest rises on reported settlement WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Qwest Communications International rose more than 5 percent in Friday action amid news that the company has agreed to pay \$250 million to end a federal probe of fraudulent accounting practices employed by former management 
FDA advisory group cites liver injury in clinical trials WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - An advisory panel to the Food and Drug Administration late Friday declined to endorse AstraZeneca #39;s anti-stroke drug, Exanta.
Chip Stocks Still Rally Despite Warning Shares of semiconductor stocks continued to bounce back Friday despite another round of profit warnings from chip makers predicting third-quarter sales won #39;t live up to previous expectations.
Groundbreaking discovery in the cosmos? Object 230 light years &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; What might be the first directly visible planet orbiting a starlike body other than our sun was reported by scientists from Europe and Los Angeles on Friday.
An all-or-nothing roll at Richmond Tonights all-or-nothing NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Richmond offers an interesting mix of desperation, anticipation and appreciation.
Ivan begins lashing Jamaica Waves two-stories high and torrential rains flooded eastern Jamaica and punishing winds knocked down trees and power lines as Hurricane Ivan slammed coastal areas 
9/11: NY port authority sues Saudi Arabia The New York port authority has decided to join a lawsuit charging Saudi Arabia with providing financial assistance to the Osama bin Laden-led Al Qaeda.
Calpers calls on company to outline succession plan NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- After winning a battle to keep his job earlier this year, Michael Eisner said he #39;ll end two decades at Walt Disney Co.
Internet  #39;overlay #39; could boost performance The internet could be made more secure, reliable and powerful by overlaying new networking technology on top of the existing backbone, according to the world #39;s leading microchip maker, Intel.
James fumbles away Colts #39; chances Not once, but twice Edgerrin James thought that his knee had touched the ground, that he had put the Indianapolis Colts in a position to score points.
Ivan Spurs Jamaica Evacuations; Florida Declared Emergency Area Hurricane Ivan, with winds of 155 miles per hour, forced evacuations in Jamaica as it moved on a track toward Cuba and Florida, where residents braced for the third powerful storm to hit the state in a month.
Court Rules Against Pennsylvania Law That Curbs Child-Pornography Sites The decision is a victory for free speech and Internet-rights advocates who argued that although the law was well-intentioned, its effects were unconstitutional.
Finley Leads Dodgers to Win Over Cardinals (AP) AP - Steve Finley did it again. Finley drove in the go-ahead run for the third consecutive game, hitting a tiebreaking, two-run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers over the St. Louis Cardinals 7-6 Friday night in a matchup of division leaders.
Former President Clinton helps launch new Internet search engine Former president Bill Clinton on Monday joined executives of an Internet start-up to help launch a new search engine that the company says will be more efficient than Google or Yahoo!
Settlement by Halliburton short of standard A Dallas judge blocked the settlement of a shareholder lawsuit against Halliburton, saying the deal does not appear to be fair and reasonable.
AUDIT BUREAU FAILS BIG TEST Newsday #39;s under a lot of pressure - but so is the Audit Bureau of Circulations, the agency charged with verifying circulation for the newspaper industry.
Alaska layoffs violate contract, mechanics claim The Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association blasted Alaska Air Group Inc. yesterday over its plan to cut roughly 900 jobs, saying the effort violates its contract and  quot;flies in the face quot; of past calls to improve in-house maintenance.
Leander-Rikl lose in US Open doubles finals New Delhi: India #39;s tennis ace Leander Paes partnering David Rikl of Czech Republic lost to third-seeded pair of Mark Knowles (Bahamas) and Daniel Nestor (Canada) 3-6, 3-6 in the men #39;s doubles US Open championship in New York.
Drivers hope to cut to the Chase The grip on the steering wheel will be a little tighter, aggressions will run a little higher and emotions will be flowing stronger than ever.
NL Roundup: Marlins split with Cubs Eleven months after winning two consecutive at Wrigley Field to take the pennant, the Florida Marlins returned yesterday and split a doubleheader with Chicago.
Angels 7, White Sox 5 Garret Anderson hit a tiebreaking two-run single in the eighth inning and Vladimir Guerrero had a three-run homer, leading the Anaheim Angels to a 7-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night.
Police Step Up Hunt for Embassy Bombers Indonesian authorities stepped up their hunt today for the alleged masterminds behind the bomb attack on the Australian embassy, as Australias police chief warned that another suicide squad was at large - and may be planning more attacks.
Pain Still Raw 6 Months After Madrid Bombs (AP) AP - The makeshift memorials of flowers, candles and children's drawings are gone. So are the black ribbons that hung from balconies and windows as symbols of mourning from one hellish day.
NL Wrap: Rookie Helps Pirates Hand Astros a Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Rookie John Van Benschoten pitched\eight strong innings to seize his first major league victory,\powering the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Houston Astros 6-1 in\the National League (NL) Friday.
Pakistan minister thinks bin Laden is dead (AFP) AFP - Pakistan's information minister said on the eve of the third anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks, that Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was probably dead.
Soldier confesses to Iraq abuses A US soldier pleads guilty before a court martial in Baghdad to maltreating prisoners at Abu Ghraib jail.
Eisner Will End Reign at Disney Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner, who survived a takeover bid and a shareholder rebellion aimed at his ouster earlier this year, announced plans yesterday to retire in 2006 
Eisner, Mickey to split Embattled Disney chief Michael Eisner is finally saying goodbye to Mickey Mouse and the Magic Kingdom. The media mogul, who over two decades revitalized a sleepy Disney but saw it falter 
Airline pleads with pilots (September 11, 2004) - US Airways made a last-ditch contract offer to the union that represents its pilots Friday as the airline tries to avoid a second bankruptcy filing that may be just be days away.
AT amp;T Wireless hurricane pricing probed Florida is investigating Redmond-based AT amp;T Wireless Services over complaints of price-gouging during Hurricane Frances, Attorney General Charlie Crist told CNN.
Alaska Air union to fight outsourcing The national leadership of the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (AMFA) union yesterday denounced Alaska Air Group #39;s plan to cut 900 job in California, Washington and Alaska as  quot;a blatant contract violation.
Third shift may be added at Chrysler #39;s Ontario plant CALGARY - Burgeoning international demand for Ontario-made Chryslers could add up to 1,000 jobs at the automaker #39;s plant near Toronto, Dieter Zetsche, chief executive of Chrysler Group, said yesterday.
Florida Asks Why So Many Hurricanes This Year Sept. 10, 2004 - One has to go all the way back to 1964 to find a year when Florida had three major hurricanes. Lyndon B. Johnson was in the White House.
Copyright Proposal Induces Worry Copyright officials recommended on Thursday that US law be amended so that companies that rely on copyright infringement to make a profit can be held liable for their actions.
First Image of a Faraway Planet? A distant speck of light appears to be the first planet outside our solar system to be captured on film. While there is no definitive evidence that the speck is a planet, an international team of astronomers is arguing the case.
Space cowboys On Wednesday, Nasa scientists watched in shock as their Genesis solar project ended in disaster.  quot;I can #39;t believe it quot; they all said.
Friday #39;s Sports In Brief Elena Dementieva outlasted Jennifer Capriati 6-0, 2-6, 7-6 (5) to set up all-Russian women #39;s final at the US Open. Earlier, Svetlana Kuznetsova became the first Russian woman to reach the Open final when she beat a limping Lindsay Davenport 1-6, 6-2, 6-4.
Colts don #39;t follow Dungy plan Not allowing a 12-yard sack on third down with less than a minute to play, turning a potential game-tying 36-yard field goal into a 48-yarder.
United States remain upbeat Skipper Richard Staple insisted the USA had gained valuable experience in their 210-run Champions Trophy defeat by New Zealand at The Oval.
Paes-Rikl finishes 2nd best New Delhi: Leander Paes had a mixed day at the US Open on Friday. The Indian Davis Cup star and his Czech partner David Rikl advanced to the mens doubles final but failed to make the mixed doubles title-round in Martina Navratilovas company.
Manchester United hopes to quiet upstart Bolton Manchester, England (Sports Network) - Gabriel Heinze is expected to finally make his debut for ninth-place Manchester United Saturday as the Red Devils travel to take on surprising Bolton.
Baseball fans relieved after strike cancelled Baseball fans let out a cheer when players cancelled their strike over the planned merger of the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes and Orix BlueWave.
Busy slate doesn #39;t bug laid-back Marlins Jack McKeon was fiddling with his cell phone when he peered over his desk at a crowd of reporters. He flipped the cover closed and cracked,  #39; #39;George, I #39;ll get back to you.
Will Graves: Hurricanes still get defensive All four bolted the University of Miami for the NFL after the 2003 season, supposedly leaving the Hurricanes defense too young and too inexperienced to handle Florida State quarterback Chris Rix and his flotilla of wide receivers.
Newman, Martin pace scramble to  #39;Chase #39; Ryan Newman and Mark Martin did things to aid their causes Friday afternoon at Richmond International Raceway. But only the final tally after the checkered flag for the Chevy 
 #39;Deserter #39; surrenders at US base US Army Sgt. Charles Robert Jenkins -- accused of defecting to North Korea 39 years ago -- is back on active duty Saturday after voluntarily turning himself at a military base in Japan.
Thousands Demonstrate in Rome for Italian Hostages Thousands of Italians marched silently through Rome in a candlelit procession on Friday to demand the release of two female aid workers seized in Baghdad.
Hong Kong politicians wrap up heated legislative campaign Legislative candidates made their final appeals to voters Saturday in a fiercely contested political showdown that could give pro-democracy opposition figures the most clout they #39;ve had since Hong Kong was returned to China.
Nepal PM Vows to Fight Rebels, India to Give Arms Nepali Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba vowed on Friday to crush a deadly Maoist revolt in his poor Himalayan nation as giant neighbor India promised more military help to fight the leftist guerrillas.
Afghan Ruler Again Says No to Coalition Government  KABUL, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Frustrated by his dealings  with regional rivals, Afghan President Hamid Karzai reiterated  Saturday that he would not form a coalition government if he  won the country's first direct presidential election on Oct. 9.
Violence exposes Shi'ite divisions BAGHDAD -- Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash that underscored the increasingly vitriolic and open split within the Shi'ite Muslim community.
Jamaica braces for Hurricane Ivan KINGSTON, Jamaica -- Waves two stories high crashed on Jamaica's eastern shore yesterday, flooding homes and washing away roads as Hurricane Ivan's ferocious winds and pounding rains began to lash the island and threatened a direct hit on its densely populated capital. The death toll elsewhere in the Caribbean rose to at least 33.
Sudan slams Powell's 'genocide' declaration ABUJA -- The US declaration that Sudanese government-allied militiamen have committed genocide in the Darfur region is a ''big mistake quot; that could hinder peace talks and undermine the role of African states mediating the 19-month conflict, Sudanese government officials said yesterday. The announcement by Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Thursday that the killing, raping, and displacement of black Africans ...
Putin OK's probe of school deaths MOSCOW -- President Vladimir Putin agreed yesterday to a parliamentary investigation of the bloody school hostage siege in southern Russia, less than a week after he had reportedly dismissed the idea by saying such an inquiry might turn into  quot;a political show. quot;
Indonesia Police Step Up Hunt for Bombers JAKARTA, Indonesia - Indonesian police found traces of the explosives used in the suicide bombing of the Australian Embassy inside a room rented by the two alleged bombmakers, the national police chief said Saturday.    Police also released security camera footage showing the small white delivery truck driving past the heavily fortified mission in Jakarta moments before it exploded, killing nine people and wounding more than 170...
Alleged U.S. Deserter Jenkins Surrenders CAMP ZAMA, Japan - Frail but determined, Charles Jenkins surrendered to the United States on Saturday, nearly 40 years after the Army sergeant allegedly defected to North Korea and became a potent propaganda symbol for the isolated communist state.    Jenkins' surrender ends a bizarre, twisting saga that saw him vanish from his Army unit and resurface in propaganda films as various devilish - and inevitably American - characters...
Poll: Kerry Lags Bush on National Security WASHINGTON - President Bush has a slight lead over Democrat John Kerry in an Associated Press poll, but the president has a big advantage on protecting the country - the issue voters say they care about most.   "If we don't take care of the terrorists, we certainly won't have to worry about the economy," said Janet Cross, 57, of Portsmouth, Ohio, who switched from Democrat to Republican for the last election...
Four China Aviation Officials Surrender Passports (Update1) Four China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. executives surrendered their passports to Singapore #39;s Commercial Affairs Department, the white-collar crime unit that is investigating a \$550 million loss posted by the company.
Bush to Mark 9/11 at Church, South Lawn WASHINGTON - President Bush typically closes his campaign speeches by saying "none us will ever forget" the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks...
Miami Rallies to Beat Florida St. in OT MIAMI - Although Chris Rix's fumble overshadowed Xavier Beitia's blocked field goal, Florida State coach Bobby Bowden will remember them both. The mistakes cost his team dearly against Miami on Friday night, with the fifth-ranked Hurricanes rallying to beat the No...
Parents to Read 9/11 Victims' Names NEW YORK - On the first anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, dignitaries, community leaders and relatives of victims stood at ground zero and gave voice to the names of the dead...
Questions Linger Over Russia School Seige BESLAN, Russia - Russian soldiers fled as shooting broke out in the spasm of violence that ended the school siege here, and unprepared special forces were forced to borrow bullets from armed locals who had rushed to the scene.    As Beslan buried more victims Friday, a week after the bloodbath at School No...
Ivan Lashes Jamaica; Death Toll Hits 37 KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan slammed coastal areas of Jamaica with waves two-stories high and torrential rains, but the mighty storm shifted tack and may now spare the island the worst of its fury. The death toll elsewhere in the Caribbean rose to 37...
UPDATE: Lenovo Confirms In Talks With Major IT Company HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Lenovo Group Ltd. (0992.HK), China #39;s largest computer company, confirmed it is in acquisition talks with a major international information technology company.
Brown still opposed to EU-wide tax policies (AFP) AFP - Britain remains opposed to any attempts to harmonise taxes across the European Union, Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said as EU ministers gathered to discuss common rules for taxing company profits.
Browns Finally Get '64 Trophy to Keep (AP) AP - Forty years later, Jim Brown and his Cleveland Browns' teammates huddled together one more time as NFL champions. On an emotional night of laughter and a few tears, it felt like Dec. 27, 1964, again.
Angels Nip White Sox 7-5 (AP) AP - Garret Anderson hit a tiebreaking two-run single in the eighth inning and Vladimir Guerrero had a three-run homer, leading the Anaheim Angels to a 7-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night.
Indonesia Police Step Up Hunt for Bombers (AP) AP - Indonesian police found traces of the explosives used in the suicide bombing of the Australian Embassy inside a room rented by the two alleged bombmakers, the national police chief said Saturday.
Tennessee Tries to Use Two Quarterbacks (AP) AP - Tennessee's two freshmen quarterbacks have Volunteers fans fantasizing about the next four years. Brent Schaeffer and Erik Ainge surprised many with the nearly seamless way they rotated throughout a 42-17 victory over UNLV on Sunday night.
AL Wrap: Yankees Stunned by Orioles Onslaught  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brian Roberts and Larry Bigbie notched  two hits apiece in an eight-run third inning to help the  Baltimore Orioles pound the New York Yankees 14-8 in the  American League (AL) Friday.
Kerry Links Assault Weapons to Terrorism (AP) AP - John Kerry linked U.S. assault weapon sales to worries about terrorism Friday and said President Bush was bowing to the National Rifle Association by not pushing to keep alive an expiring ban.
Deep impact SEATTLE -- Gather the young ones around the breakfast table and remind them to watch closely. They may not witness anything like the show the Dominican dandies -- Manny Ramirez and David Ortiz -- are staging for another generation. Oh, the kids also may want to keep an eye on Curt Schilling.
Varitek: Captain courageous SEATTLE -- So, Jason Varitek, we all know you are the de facto captain of the Boston Red Sox. You are the quiet leader of this team, the man who turned a season around by shoving your mitt into the face of Alex Rodriguez, and a man who's got a 15-game hitting streak in the wake of last night's 13-2 ...
Russians rush in to final NEW YORK -- Maybe they should move tonight's women's singles final to the middle of Red Square and play on a real hardcourt, and use Arthur Ashe Stadium for the Queens neighborhood tennis championship. The Russians took over Paris in June, and now they own Gotham, too.
Bottom line up front FOXBOROUGH -- A tale of two lines. One could take a bow the morning after a 27-24 win over the Indianapolis Colts. The other, though it played better in the second half Thursday night, needed to spend a little more time watching its errors on film, and hoping to improve next Sunday in Arizona.
Spoiler Pittsburgh tops Astros The Houston Astros have gone cold in Pittsburgh. Rookie John Van Benschoten allowed five hits in eight innings for his first major league win, and the Pirates beat the Astros, 6-1, last night.
Day had added significance SEATTLE -- As a father and a player, Trot Nixon will be struck by conflicting emotions as the Red Sox face the Mariners tonight on the third anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the United States. As a father, Nixon will phone home his birthday wishes to his son, Chase , who was born the day of the attacks, while ...
Marlins set to 'host' Montreal in Chicago CHICAGO -- The Montreal Expos and Florida Marlins will play games Monday and Tuesday at U.S. Cellular Field, home of the White Sox, after the Marlins were forced to adjust their schedule for the second time this month because of a hurricane.
Yankees' pitching for birds Brian Roberts and Larry Bigbie had two hits apiece in an eight-run third inning, and the host Baltimore Orioles ended the New York Yankees' five-game winning streak with a 14-8 victory last night.
Nationally, it wasn't must-see TV The Patriots-Colts season opener Thursday night did a 26.8 rating (45 share) on Channel 5.
Browns' Suggs might sit, not run Browns running back Lee Suggs did not practice yesterday, leaving him doubtful for tomorrow's season opener against the Baltimore Ravens in Cleveland.
Czechs list winning for Hlinka their goal TORONTO -- It may be Canada's game -- with an emphasis on may -- but the Czechs like their chances. They've got former Bruin Rosie Ruzicka behind their bench, in the dual role of good-guy coach/good luck charm, and they have the hope of Jaromir Jagr playing at close to full speed.
Koivu finishes off Americans ST. PAUL -- The United States went into last night favored over Finland to advance to the championship game of the World Cup of Hockey. The Americans were rested, having beaten the Russians here in the quarterfinals Tuesday, while the Finns had to travel from Helsinki after knocking off Germany Monday.
Conquering heroes Today's players wouldn't recognize the game. In the 52 years since the Concord High football team reeled off a state-record 40 consecutive victories, only the winning may be comparable.
Somerville provides Hannah dreary debut LOWELL -- Few people expected ex-Patriot and NFL Hall of Famer John Hannah to walk into the head coach position at Somerville and turn a winless team into a Super Bowl contender. After last night, skeptics may be looking to Hannah's role in the Somerville youth football program for solace as the Highlanders were swamped by Lowell, 47-14, at Crowley ...
Brockton tops Eagles BROCKTON -- A new era? Nah. Just the same old Brockton coached by a different Colombo.
Story of a century: Zippy' loses 100th NORTHAMPTON -- Zippy Chippy, thoroughbred racing's all-time loser, lost his 100th race in 100 career starts yesterday, finishing last in an eight-horse field at the Three-County Fairgrounds in Northampton.
The chase is on for Cup drivers It will all be settled tonight. The field for the Chase for the NASCAR Nextel Cup will be set after the Chevy Rock 'n' Roll 400 at Richmond (Va.) International Speedway. Under the new points structure NASCAR adopted to determine the 2004 champion, the top 10 drivers in the Nextel Cup standings, plus any driver within 400 points of the ...
The John Smith of banks Citizens Financial Group markets itself as ''Not your typical bank. quot; But, as the Providence bank found out this week, it actually is all too typical.
100 windows to be replaced at new convention center A Quebec glass manufacturer will have to replace about 100 4-by-8-foot windows at the new Boston Convention  amp; Exhibition Center in South Boston over the next several months, officials said yesterday.
Environmentalists fault company A Cambridge power plant reduced its emissions last year when it switched from oil to natural gas. But environmentalists gathered yesterday to say that the plant simply traded one kind of pollution for another, now threatening the water instead of the air.
Bits from pieces SALT LAKE CITY -- For Los Alamos physicist Roger Wiens, it appears 14 years of toil and anticipation will not be in vain, even though the Genesis space capsule suffered a crash landing this week.
What a kid wants After tearing through the wrapping paper, Jim White, 17, of Decatur remembers Christina Aguilera #39;s face staring back at him from a CD cover.
Jamaica Braces for Hurricane Ivan Description: NPR #39;s Michele Norris talks with Knolly Moses, a Jamaican freelance journalist, about Hurricane Ivan. The storm is expected to hit Jamaica in full force late this afternoon, and the capital of Kingston lies directly in Ivan #39;s path.
US defector surrenders Saluting and standing at attention, accused American army deserter Charles Jenkins surrendered to US military authorities at a base near Tokyo, today, to face charges that he left his unit in 1965 and defected to North Korea.
Violence exposes Shi #39;ite divisions Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash 
Burnout offers racing with attitude The latest instalment of the Burnout gaming franchise offers a good mix of speed and attitude.
WOMEN #39;S PRO TENNIS: Americans are idle at Open Thirteen years ago, when Jennifer Capriati made her first US Open semifinal at age 15, she appeared headed for a long run of titles in her home Grand Slam.
Ho-hum results at Wrigley The Cubs #39; glass had to be half empty because these were two games they should have swept. The Marlins #39; wound up half full because these were two games they had every excuse to surrender.
Scientists: Can pull science out of Genesis pieces NASA officials said today they were more optimistic about the possibilities for extricating some science from the battered Genesis space capsule.
AL notebook: Yanks #39; Vazquez has meltdown in loss to O #39;s Call it the unraveling of Javier Vazquez. When it was over, the New York Yankees had more than a 14-8 loss to the Baltimore Orioles to worry about.
Bodies recovered from site of plane crash Lusaka - The bodies of all six passengers and crew on board a plane that crashed in Zambia #39;s tourist town of Livingstone have been recovered from the wreckage, police said on Saturday.
Genesis mission still unfolding Scientists have said since NASA #39;s Genesis crash-landed on the Utah desert Wednesday that all is not lost. Friday morning, following preliminary assessments 
Court Bounces Pa. Online Child Porn Law A federal court today struck down a Pennsylvania state law requiring Internet service providers (ISPs) to block access to Web sites that contain child pornography.
Are More Hurricanes Connected to Global Warming? Description: Not since the 1960s has Florida been battered by a rapid succession of hurricanes. Many people have been tempted to ask whether this has anything to do with a predicted increase in severe weather events associated with global warming.
World Cup of Hockey 2004 - semifinal games, St. Paul and Toronto The scoop: Finally! For the first time in this championships, the team that scored first did NOT win the game. Nursing a 1-0 lead starting the third period, the USA surrendered two third-period goals and lost 
Notre Dame says victory only way to get revenge defensive end Kyle Budinscak said.  quot;After last year, the embarrassment we had and this past Saturday, us coming out and not coming up with a victory is not an option.
Jamaica Braced as Eye of Hurricane Passes Coast Hurricane Ivan battered Jamaica today but the island is expected to escape the worst of the storms. Hundreds of British tourists and residents in the tropical paradise 
Nobody Blinked It is easy to feel disappointed by the outcome, or the lack thereof, of the first meeting of the foreign ministers of India and Pakistan after the signing of the historic Islamabad declaration in January.
Brunei to reinstate parliament after 20 years As part of political reforms, the Sultan of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah has said that he would reopen its parliament after it was suspended 20 years ago.
New Ring Discovered Around Saturn Scientists cannot say yet if the object is a new Saturn moon or a temporary clump of ring material. If it is a moon, its diameter is estimated at only 2 to 3 miles, and it is orbiting at a 
How Putin silences the journalists who criticise his brutality in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Prime Minister has enjoined us to be in complete solidarity with Russia and the Russian people, and invites us to draw a parallel between the terrorist threat from al-Qaeda and the threat posed by Chechen lunatics.
Tech Boosts the Fraudsters Controversy over the veracity of recently released Bush National Guard memos has put the spotlight on digital forgery. These days, computers make document fakery easier -- and harder to detect -- than ever before. By Randy Dotinga.
NASA Has Hope for Genesis Samples Scientists sifting through the wreckage from Wednesday's space capsule crash say some of the experiments can be salvaged, but it won't be easy. By Amit Asaravala.
Judge Dumps Child Porn Law A federal judge gives Pennsylvania's internet child pornography law the boot. The controversial law required ISPs to block child porn websites, but in doing so, they prohibited access to many legal sites, leading to a 'massive suppression' of free speech.
Scientists Think Data From Space Capsule Can Be Salvaged Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission's science, optimistic researchers said Friday.
Karzai dismisses powerful military governor ahead of Afghan polls (AFP) AFP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai dismissed a powerful warlord from his post as provincial governor in the latest move to solidify the central government's control of wayward provinces ahead of October's landmark polls.
Around The Nation ATLANTA - It could be the supreme irony: Delta Air Lines, which incited controversy for creating bankruptcy-proof pensions for top executives in 2002, now says it may soon file for Chapter 11 protection because too many pilots are bailing out to save 
Decline, fall of US men New York -- Andre Agassi looked a little shell-shocked after his US Open quarterfinal loss to Roger Federer on Thursday. At 34, he had to be wondering if he will even get another crack at the world No.
Hall of Fame super sweet for Colangelo It wasn #39;t just an enshrinement ceremony for Jerry Colangelo Friday night. It was an episode of This is Your Life with an audience of basketball ghosts staring from the walls of the Basketball Hall of Fame.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Pirates Pull the Astros Straight Back to Earth The rookie John Van Benschoten allowed five hits in eight innings for his first major league victory, and the Pirates beat the Astros, 6-1, last night.
Soldier confesses to Iraq abuses A US soldier has pleaded guilty at a court martial in Baghdad to maltreating and conspiring to maltreat detainees at Iraq #39;s Abu Ghraib prison.
Families of British victims to commemorate Sept. 11 Families of British victims in the Sept. 11 terror attacks would gather at a memorial garden here on Saturday to commemorate the third anniversary of the tragic event.
Circulation scandal cost grows for Tribune Co The cost of a circulation scandal at Tribune Co. #39;s Newsday and Hoy newspapers could be almost \$100 million. The Chicago-based company said Friday it would take a charge of \$45 million to \$60 million this quarter on top of \$35 million set aside in June.
Intel Suggests Overlay To Boost Internet Performance In a speech at the Intel Developer Forum, Intel senior vice president Pat Gelsinger said that by outfitting the Internet with an overlay network of computational services made up of computing 
Hurricane Ivan Pounds Jamaica Hurricane Ivan has been pounding Jamaica with high winds and torrents of rain, causing flooding and power outages throughout the Caribbean island nation.
Oracle bid looking better After defiantly warding off rival Oracle Corp.s \$7.7 billion hostile takeover for 15 months, business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
Planned merger involving Monitor Sugar moves forward More than enough sugar beet farmers have been brought on board to buy Monitor Sugar Co. in order for a planned merger between the company and the Michigan Sugar Co.
Serial ATA for Mini Hard Drives Planned Lord_Slepnir writes  quot;Cnet is reporting on a consortium of compainies that wish to develop a Serial ATA hard drive interface for Miniature hard drives called CE-ATA.
Intel offers few details on dual-core plans Intel Corp. #39;s dual-core strategy for mobile processors became a little clearer this week at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, but questions remain 
Real says digital song sale doubled market share RealNetworks, which kicked off the Internet #39;s first digital music price war by selling songs at half-price, ends the sale on Thursday but will continue selling top-10 singles as 49-cent loss leaders.
9/11 anniversary sees uptick in Mydoom This weekend, millions of Americans will be trying hard to forget the horror of the terrorist attacks that took place exactly three years ago.
All-Russian US Open Final a Tough Sell for US Television So it will be that hottie Maria Sharapova grunting her way to a second...no? Got beat? Then it #39;s that tempestuous nude-posing Marilyn Manson-look-alike Anastasia Myskina gunning for a second...no? Elena Dementieva?
Henman Looks to Continue Domination of Federer in US Open &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; No Americans in the US Open semifinals today, with world No. 1 Roger Federer facing No. 5 Tim Henman, and former champ and No. 4 seed Lleyton Hewitt taking on Swedish upstart No.
Golf: Round 2 of Canadian Open Resumes Saturday The second round of the Canadian Open golf tournament continues Saturday Glenn Abbey Golf Club in Oakville, Ontario, after play was suspended late Friday due to darkness.
Wenger concerned by Rooney deal LONDON, England -- Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger has voiced concerns about the deal that sent England striker Wayne Rooney from Everton to Manchester United, claiming the contract could cause a conflict of interest.
World Cup Hockey: Finland Upsets US, Advances to Finals Finland scored twice in the third period Friday to advance to the finals of the World Cup of Ice Hockey with a 2-1 upset over defending champion the United States.
MLB: Marlins, Cubs Split Double-Header Major League Baseball #39;s World Series defending champion Florida Marlins split a double-header with host Chicago Cubs Friday in their first match up since last year #39;s National League title series.
Trash talk in the air Once, not that long ago, the season opener between Florida State and Miami loomed as the biggest game of the 2004 college football season.
Six join basketball Hall of Fame Four players, a coach and a basketall executive were enshrined Friday in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield, Mass.
Bomb Explodes Outside Saudi Bank A bomb exploded outside a bank in Saudi Arabia early Saturday, but appears to have caused no casualties. One of the bombers was reportedly shot and taken into custody, and Saudi police have launched a search for other militants that fled the scene.
Top Egypt cleric #39;s  #39;copter crashes A helicopter carrying 17 people including Egypt #39;s Patriarch of Alexandria, one of the top leaders of the Greek Orthodox church, crashed on Saturday into the sea off northern Greece, a Defense Ministry spokesman said.
Polish PM wants quiet diplomacy to resolve WW2 claims Poland and Germany must rely on quiet diplomacy to close the book on the divisive issue of World War Two compensation, Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka said on Saturday.
Looters on the prowl as hurricane belts Jamaica Hurricane Ivan roared into Jamaica with drenching rains and deadly winds on Friday, and sporadic shooting erupted in the near-deserted capital as looters went on the prowl, robbing emergency workers at gunpoint.
US  #39;deserter #39; faces his past WITH a long salute, Charles Jenkins yesterday faced the ghosts of his military past by surrendering to a US base in Japan. In doing so, the accused military deserter effectively ended 40 years on the run from the US army.
Russian troops end hostage crisis with bloody raid; 338 die in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The government of Russian president Vladimir Putin has seized on the events around the armed takeover of a school in Beslan, a town in the southern republic of Ossetia, to broaden its antiterrorism 
HEARTBREAK FOR AMERICAN DUO The eighth-seeded American fell to sixth-seeded Elena Dementieva of Russia, 0-6 6-2 7-6 (7-5), on Friday - despite being up a break on four occasions in the third set.
Johansson #39;s serve the kicker vs. Hewitt Joachim Johansson is  quot;the Euro Roddick, quot; a Swede whose approach to tennis is much like Andy Roddick #39;s. Serve big and get out of there.
Cloud of old memories do not blot Langer #39;s cup approach Millions of television viewers moved to the edge of their seats. Twenty three of the 24 players waited on tenterhooks, unable to influence the outcome.
COLLINGWOOD GUIDES ENGLAND TO VICTORY Paul Collingwood #39;s composure guided England to a comprehensive 142-run victory in their opening match of the ICC Champions Trophy - and ended Zimbabwe #39;s slim hopes of a shock triumph at Edgbaston.
BUTTON OPTIMISTIC DESPITE SIXTH SPOT Jenson Button is optimistic he can help BAR close in on second in the constructors #39; championship despite a disappointing qualifying for the Italian Grand Prix at Monza today.
Little MyDooms May Mean Big One Coming A series of minor MyDoom worms released in the last 24 hours may be a harbinger of a bigger threat surfacing soon, a security analyst said Friday.
Update 15: Embattled Disney CEO Will Leave in 2006 Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael Eisner, who successfully fought off a shareholder attempt to oust him, unexpectedly offered his resignation from the entertainment company he #39;s led for two decades - but he will go in his own time.
EDS chief sees possibility of 15,000-20,000 job cuts DALLAS Electronic Data Systems, the beleaguered technology company, may cut as many as 20,000 jobs in coming years, its chief executive, Michael Jordan, has told investors.
Chelsea #39;s perfect season comes to an end After winning their first four league games, the Blues were unable to break through against Villa. The draw left the road open for Arsenal -the Gunners have won their first four games - to move two points 
Afghans Mark 9/11 Anniversary with Mixed Feelings (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. forces and\their allies in Afghanistan remembered the third anniversary of\the Sept. 11 attacks in somber fashion Saturday, conscious that\the war on terror will be a long one.
Small Stocks Lead the Way on Wall Street (Reuters) Reuters - When stocks fell into their deepest\hole of the year last month, it was the little guys who\scrambled out the trenches the quickest.
Earning Reports Keep Investors on Edge (Reuters) Reuters - Investors are expected to focus on oil\prices and corporate earnings outlooks next week, and the\slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
Powerful Afghan Governor Sacked, Declines Ministry (Reuters) Reuters - Powerful regional Afghan commander Ismail\Khan was effectively dismissed as governor of Herat city\Saturday and declined a promotion to the cabinet of President\Hamid Karzai.
Israel Pulls Back Forces in Northern Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Israel pulled most of its\forces out of the northern Gaza Strip Saturday after a four-day\incursion it said was staged to halt Palestinian rocket attacks\on southern Israeli towns.
Turkey expects to surpass growth target for end-2004 (AFP) AFP - Turkey's economy is expected to grow at least some eight percent in 2004, beating the year-end target of five-percent, the country's deputy prime minister said.
Explosion in Iraq Kills 1, Injures 2 (AP) AP - A bomb exploded Saturday outside a former Saddam Hussein-era palace that houses a U.S. consular office, killing at least one person and wounding two others, police and witnesses said.
Dollar Holds Gains on Intervention Talk  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar kept its overnight gains  against the euro on Tuesday, finding a tenuous footing after  weeks of losses as traders took stern words by European  officials as a signal to stop selling the U.S. currency, at  least for now.
Small Stocks Lead the Way on Wall Street  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When stocks fell into their deepest  hole of the year last month, it was the little guys who  scrambled out the trenches the quickest.
Hoyas Survive Rally Georgetown withstands a second-half rally by Penn State to win, 66-53, in the first of two consecutive games against Big Ten opponents.
Oracle Court Win Could Prompt More Deals  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. Chief Larry Ellison  has long preached the virtues of consolidation in the software  sector and some analysts say a key federal court decision could  help to push his vision closer to reality.
Earning Reports Keep Investors on Edge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors are expected to focus on oil  prices and corporate earnings outlooks next week, and the  slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
No. 5 Miami Rebounds to Beat FSU in Overtime  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Frank Gore scored on an 18-yard  touchdown run in overtime, as No. 5 Miami-Florida outlasted  fourth-ranked and arch-rival Florida State, 16-10, at the  Orange Bowl in the season-opener for both teams.
Microsoft (Deservedly) Takes Its Lumps (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The judge in the Oracle antitrust trial gave little credence to Microsoft's testimony on the enterprise ERP market. And with good reason.
Bush Pledges to Defeat Global Terrorism (AP) AP - President Bush marked the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks Saturday by warning of continued danger to the United States and pledging victory over international terror.
US Air Pilots to Resume Giveback Talks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Negotiations on \$295 million in  concessions between US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt; and its  pilots union appeared back on track on Saturday although time  was running dangerously short for the carrier to strike a deal  with labor groups to avoid its second bankruptcy filing in two  years.
Afghans Mark 9/11 Anniversary with Mixed Feelings  BAGRAM AIR BASE, Afghanistan (Reuters) - U.S. forces and  their allies in Afghanistan remembered the third anniversary of  the Sept. 11 attacks in somber fashion Saturday, conscious that  the war on terror will be a long one.
Australia: Second Cell Poised for Indonesia Attack  SYDNEY, Australia (Reuters) - Militants behind the deadly  bombing of Australia's Jakarta embassy have a second group  poised for attack, Australia's top policeman warned as Canberra  said on Saturday all its diplomatic missions would be made  bomb-proof.
Israel Pulls Back Forces in Northern Gaza  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israel pulled most of its  forces out of the northern Gaza Strip Saturday after a four-day  incursion it said was staged to halt Palestinian rocket attacks  on southern Israeli towns.
Sinn Fein Cast Doubt on Chances of N.Irish Deal  BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Sinn Fein, the  political ally of the IRA, cast doubt Saturday on whether a  deal to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland could be  struck with its arch foes, led by firebrand cleric Ian Paisley,  at talks next week.
Vatican Says China 'Once Again' Abusing Catholics  VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Vatican accused China Saturday  of launching a fresh crackdown on Roman Catholics, upping the  ante in its war of words against the Communist state.
Greek cleric feared dead in crash A search for a missing helicopter carrying a top Orthodox leader finds wreckage and bodies.
N Korea attacks South over tests North Korea says it will not abandon its weapons programme after the South admitted nuclear activities.
US Airways Pilots Offer Final Talks The leadership of the pilots' union at US Airways voted late last night to hold last-ditch talks with the airline on its bid for wage and benefit cuts.
Zimbabwe 'prevents' homeless help A US lobby groups accuses Zimbabwe of preventing aid for those left homeless by its land programme.
Thai murder manhunt intensifies Police in Thailand have stepped up their hunt for an officer wanted for the murder of two British backpackers.
Monza Qualifying Report: Barrichello goes record-breaking Ferraris Brazilian driver took the fastest pole position in history while Fernando Alonso was fourth fastest.
Italian GP, Qualifying Fernando fourth and Jarno ninth in qualifying for tomorrow's Italian Grand Prix.
Hurricane terror for UK tourists British tourists returning from the Caribbean after witnessing Hurricane Ivan's 150mph winds describe their ordeal.
Families Mark Moment of 2001 Attacks Family members clutching roses and bearing photos of the relatives they lost on Sept. 11 fell silent early Saturday to mark the third anniversary of the World Trade Center attack.
Families Mark Third Anniversary of 9/11 NEW YORK - With quavering voices, parents and grandparents of those killed at the World Trade Center slowly read the names of the victims early Saturday to mark the third anniversary of the attacks that brought down the twin towers.    Moments of silence were observed at 8:46 and 9:03 a.m., the times two planes slammed into the trade center towers on Sept...
Explosion in Iraq Kills 1, Injures 2 BASRA, Iraq - A bomb exploded Saturday outside a former Saddam Hussein-era palace that houses a U.S. consular office, killing at least one person and wounding two others, police and witnesses said...
Hurricane Ivan Pummels Jamaica; 39 Dead KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan lashed Jamaica with monstrous waves, driving rain and winds nearing 155 mph Saturday, killing at least two people as it washed away homes and ripped up roofs and utility poles but unexpectedly spared the island from a direct hit.    A 10-year-old girl drowned in Old Harbor, just east of Kingston, and a woman was killed in the capital by a tree that struck here home, said Ronald Jackson of Jamaica's disaster relief agency...
General: Bin Laden Still Issuing Orders BAGRAM, Afghanistan - Three years after the Sept. 11 attacks, Osama bin Laden and his deputy are still issuing orders for attacks by al-Qaida, a top American commander told The Associated Press Saturday...
Jamaica Possibly Spared Ivan's Worst Fury KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan lashed Jamaica with giant waves and winds nearing 155 mph early Saturday, but as panicked residents braced for a direct hit, the storm unexpectedly wobbled and lurched west, possibly sparing the island the worst of its fury.    The change in course could be good news for hurricane-weary Florida, since Ivan may now head off into the Gulf of Mexico...
Families Mark Third Anniversary of 9/11 NEW YORK - Family members clutching roses and bearing photos of the relatives they lost on Sept. 11 fell silent early Saturday to mark the third anniversary of the World Trade Center attack...
Bush Marks Patriot Day With Silent Honor WASHINGTON - President Bush attended a prayer service and paid silent tribute at the White House in ceremonies Saturday marking the third anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks...
Florida Keys Mostly Deserted Ahead of Ivan KEY WEST, Fla. - A slight westward "wobble" by Hurricane Ivan gave storm-weary Florida a tiny glimmer of hope Saturday, but the still-threatened Keys stood mostly boarded up, deserted by evacuating residents and tourists well on their way to safety...
Questions Linger Over Russia School Siege BESLAN, Russia - Russian soldiers fled as shooting broke out in the spasm of violence that ended the school siege here, and unprepared special forces were forced to borrow bullets from armed locals who had rushed to the scene.    As Beslan buried more victims Friday, a week after the bloodbath at School No...
Montoya concedes Ferrari were just too good Juan Pablo Montoya is desperate to win Sunday #39;s Italian GP and would have liked to have started from pole position but the Williams driver admits Rubens Barrichello #39;s flying lap was just too good.
Vaughan Eyes Final Finale Michael Vaughan today dreamed of capping a spectacularly successful summer for England with an appearance in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy.
Montreal Expos Team Report - September 11 (Sports Network) - Livan Hernandez has 50 wins since the start of the 2001 season. Unfortunately for the powerful righthander, he hasn #39;t solved the Atlanta Braves.
Ginseng Paradox Explained Study finds ginseng both promotes, limits blood vessel growth    HealthDayNews -- An international study is the first to explain how ginseng can both promote the growth of blood vessels and also limit blood vessel growth.    These dual effects can be important...
US Airways Makes New Proposal to Key Unions Pressured by the prospect of bankruptcy, US Airways Group Inc. proposed last-ditch cost-saving offers to its pilots and flight attendants unions yesterday.
Hurricanes devastated state #39;s agricultural crops Authorities say Hurricanes Charley and Frances devastated the state #39;s agricultural industry. Hurricane Charley caused up to one (b) billion dollars #39; damage to the state #39;s more than 6 (b) billion dollars worth of crops.
Shuttle repair price tag soars WASHINGTON -- NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all the problems with the space shuttle fleet could top \$2.
Barrichello claims fastest ever pole Rubens Barrichello has set the fastest pole position time in the history of Formula One, claiming top spot for Ferrari in qualifying for the Italian Grand Prix.
Blues May Rest Internationals Jose Mourinho is set to rest some of his jet-setting Chelsea stars against Aston Villa following the exertions of an international double-header.
First 2 games vs. Expos will be at US Cellular Field CHICAGO  The Marlins are beginning to identify with the Montreal Expos as far as playing home games on the road. The Marlins already had to make up one of last weekend #39;s three postponed 
Blast In Saudi City Mars 9/11 Anniversary JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia, Sept 11 (AFP) - A car blew up in front of a bank in the Saudi commercial capital of Jeddah Saturday, highlighting a wave of unrest in the kingdom as the world marked the third anniversary of the September 11 attacks in the United 
EU not sure how to spell Euro in Latvian (Reuters) Reuters - Red-faced European Union bureaucrats have agreed to\urgently look at how "euro" is being spelt by some of new EU member states from eastern Europe\after central bankers noted discrepancies.
Bad Ankle Puts Mets' Ginter on DL (AP) AP - Pitcher Matt Ginter was placed on the 60-day disabled list by the New York Mets on Saturday and will have surgery Monday to remove bone chips from his right ankle.
Vitamin Supplements May Slow Middle-Age Weight Gain Four common ones tied to healthier weights over 10-year period    HealthDayNews -- Four common supplements -- chromium, vitamin B-6, vitamin B-12 and multivitamins -- may help slow weight gain in middle-age adults, claims a study by researchers at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle.    Researchers reviewed questionnaire responses from about 15,000 people, average age 55, in Washington state...
Upping the Ante to Lower Cholesterol Uh-oh, your lab results are back and your cholesterol's in the danger zone. Your doctor has given you an ultimatum: Start exercising and watch your diet or you'll have to start taking a cholesterol-busting statin drug. Millions of American adults are being handed the same marching orders -- whip those cholesterol numbers into shape or go on a prescription medication.
Different directions Today #39;s edition of this rivalry will star Notre Dame as the  quot;then quot; and Michigan as the  quot;now. quot;. Both programs have compelling tradition and cool helmets and catchy fight songs, all the important stuff of tailgating debates.
Football legend Maradona rushed to hospital Football legend Diego Maradona, who nearly died earlier this year with heart and lung problems, was rushed to hospital on Saturday with high blood pressure and a fever, medical sources said.
This Date in Baseball for Sept. 12 (AP) AP - 1932  #151; Brooklyn's Johnny Frederick hit his sixth pinch home run of the season, a major league record, in the ninth inning to spark the Dodgers to a 4-3 triumph over the Chicago Cubs at Ebbets Field.
Text of President Bush's Radio Address (AP) AP - Text of President Bush's radio address Saturday, as released by the White House:
'Rebel' governor rejects Karzai offer The Herat governor replaced by Afghan President Hamid Karzai refuses his appointment to the cabinet.
Republicans Pack Punch. Democrats Take It. (For Now) It seems that the Republicans are, today at least, more adept at the black art of attack politics, according to historians and flummoxed Democratic partisans.
Davenport will decide on retirement, in due time All in due time, Lindsay Davenport will decide whether she wants to retire. Only right now is not that time.  quot;I swear, it #39;s so hard to answer that, quot; she said after limping off from a 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 loss to 
Staple stays positive for USA Despite an inevitable hammering by a powerful New Zealand outfit, USA skipper Richard Staple says his team are still positive and looking forward to taking on world champions Australia.
Notre Dame Fighting Irish SOUTH BEND, Indiana (Ticker) -- Seventh-ranked Michigan tries to win in South Bend for the first time in a decade Saturday when it visits Notre Dame, which was blown out by the Wolverines last year.
Putin fires North Ossetia interior minister, regional FSB head (AFP) AFP - President Vladimir Putin sacked the interior minister of North Ossetia and the regional head of the FSB security service, one week after the massacre at a school in the republic, the Kremlin press service said.
Orthodox Church leader dies in helicopter accident (AFP) AFP - The Patriarch of Alexandria, Peter VII, one of the most senior figures in the Greek Orthodox Church, was killed along with 16 others in a helicopter crash in the Aegean Sea, Church sources said.
Football: Arsenal's run continues Three second-half goals keep Arsenal's unbeaten record alive in a controversial encounter.
Explosion in Iraq Kills 1, Injures 2 BASRA, Iraq - An explosion occurred Saturday outside a former Saddam Hussein-era palace that houses a U.S. consular office and a British base, killing at least one person and wounding two others, police and witnesses said...
US bows to Russians Her serves may have cracked the crowd up but Elena Dementieva had the last laugh when she pipped Jennifer Capriati 6-0, 2-6, 7-6 (7-5) for a place in the US Open final.
Barrichello Wins Pole for Italian GP Rubens Barrichello won the pole position for the Italian Grand Prix, a victory Ferrari fans had hoped would go to Michael Schumacher.
Australia looking for big win Australia will be intent on recording a comprehensive win over the United States when the teams meet tomorrow night in the ICC Champions Trophy after its main group rival in pool A, New 
TEAM SPIRIT GIVES US THE ADVANTAGE - MONTY Colin Montgomerie believes Europe #39;s team spirit can defeat USA - and their partisan fans - when the Ryder Cup starts this week in Oakland Hills, Michigan.
US Intelligence Soldier Jailed for Abu Ghraib Abuse The first American military intelligence soldier to be court-martialed over the Abu Ghraib abuse scandal was sentenced Saturday to eight months in jail, a reduction in rank and a bad-conduct discharge.
IAEA Considers Action on Failures to Report Nuclear Activities The International Atomic Energy Agency board of governors meets behind closed doors Monday to discuss whether failures by Iran and South Korea to fully declare nuclear experiments should go to the United Nations Security Council.
Lavish banquet held for 5,000 VIP guests Brunei was laying out a lavish table yesterday for 5,000 high-powered guests to celebrate the marriage of its crown prince to a half 
Malaysia finds more bird flu cases KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia - Malaysia found new cases of bird flu today in an infected area that had been under quarantine for three weeks, setting off a new round of culling poultry and screening people to contain the potentially deadly disease.
US Trade Body Confirms Free-Trade Ruling on Lumber (Update2) US duties of 27 percent on \$4.6 billion of Canadian lumber shipments may soon fall after the Washington-based International Trade Commission concurred with a trade panel #39;s ruling that the levies were baseless.
Stocks climb as oil falls By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Investors once again shrugged off volatility in the oil patch Friday and pushed stock prices modestly higher.
\$100 MILLION FOR BUSINESS SCHOOL: From humble roots to UM #39;s top &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Growing up on La Salle Boulevard on Detroit #39;s northwest side in the 1950s, Stephen Ross was not a man of means. Here are some of the top donations made to the University of Michigan and Michigan State University.
Lots of Science Intact in Smashed-Up Genesis Capsule Scientists and engineers are optimistic after having peeked inside the Genesis space capsule, which brought back bits of the Sun but crashed into the Utah desert Wednesday.
PayPal to Fine Gambling, Porn Sites scubacuda writes  quot;Yahoo! reports that PayPal is taking an aggressive stance against gambling, adult, and non-prescription drug sites: anyone caught using PayPal for these purposes will be charged \$500.
Spaceport Mum on Frances Shuttle Delays CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Sept. 9, 2004 - The director of the hurricane-ravaged Kennedy Space Center refused to speculate Tuesday whether the damage will thwart plans to resume shuttle flights next spring, but 
Semiconductors Offer a New Way to Cut the Cord HAT a liberating feeling it is to cut the cord and go wireless, taking a suddenly untethered laptop, for example, and heading for the couch or porch swing to work on the Internet.
Mauresmo reaches No. 1, without Grand Slam title Amelie Mauresmo is the only French tennis player to be ranked No. 1, but she hasn #39;t lost sight of her goal -- a Grand Slam tournament title.
Italian GP Qualifying: McLaren West McLaren Mercedes driver Kimi Raikkonen will start tomorrow #39;s Italian Grand Prix at Monza from seventh position whilst team mate David Coulthard is in tenth place for the last European race of the 2004 season.
McDowell stays on top at German Masters Cologne, Germany (Sports Network) - Graeme McDowell carded a three-under 69 on Saturday to maintain a three-shot advantage after the third round of the Linde German #39;s Masters.
Soccer: Gunners pull clear as Chelsea stumble for first time LONDON : Arsenal have pulled clear at the top of the Premiership table for the first time this season after producing a devastating change of gear to sink London rivals Fulham 3-0.
C. Zambrano, P CHICAGO (Ticker) -- After splitting a doubleheader Friday, the Chicago Cubs and Florida Marlins continue battling for the National League wild card when they meet Saturday at Wrigley Field.
Cricket: England Beats Zimbabwe in First Match of Champions #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; England #39;s cricket team has scored a 152 run win over Zimbabwe in their first match of the International Cricket Council #39;s Champions Trophy tournament in Edgbaston.
Celtic defeats Dundee 3-0 to keep Scottish league record perfect Henri Camara #39;s two goals and another from John Hartson earned Scottish leaders Celtic a 3-0 victory Saturday over Dundee, giving the defending champions a perfect record in five matches.
Serena case serves as proof that tennis needs technology Human error was egregious and intrusive in the final game of the third set of Serena Williams #39; loss to Jennifer Capriati in the US Open in New York on Tuesday.
Injuries, Seminoles can #39;t stop Gore Frank Gore - the Miami Hurricanes junior running back who has had two college seasons torn apart by tearing apart two knees -ent rambling 18 yards into an Orange Bowl end zone sometime near midnight Friday to complete a 16-10 overtime win against 
El Salvador fires national soccer coach SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador - El Salvador national soccer coach Juan Ramon Paredes was fired Saturday following two recent defeats in World Cup qualifying games.
No. 16 Iowa 17, Iowa St. 10 Ed Hinkel made a diving, fingertip catch for a key touchdown and No. 16 Iowa stiffened on defense when it needed to most to beat Iowa State 17-10 Saturday.
Military Specialist Pleads Guilty to Abuse and Is Jailed The first American military intelligence specialist to stand trial in connection with the abuse of detainees at Abu Ghraib prison pleaded guilty here on Saturday to abusing prisoners.
Indonesia releases embassy attack footage Indonesian police on Saturday released security camera images of a truck bombing outside the Australian Embassy, and investigators found traces of explosives in a room rented by two Malaysian militants wanted in the blast.
Europe Compromises with US on Iran Nuke Deadline France, Britain and Germany have met a key US demand by drafting a UN nuclear resolution that sets a November deadline for Iran to dispel worries it has a covert atom bomb program, diplomats said on Saturday.
New York sues Saudi Arabia for 9/11 WASHINGTON: New York and New Jersey authorities have said they will join a lawsuit suing Saudi Arabia, Osama bin Laden and other Islamic institutions that allegedly raised money for terrorism.
Italy #39;s Muslims Join Demonstrations Against Kidnappings Italy #39;s small Muslim community took part in demonstrations around the country on Saturday to add its voice to a chorus of calls for the release of two Italian female aid workers abducted in Iraq last week.
Sudan opposition says member tortured to death A member of Sudan #39;s opposition Islamist Popular Congress has been tortured to death in detention by security forces, a party official says.
Dow wanes, Nasdaq gains Alcoa #39;s profit warning a thorn in industrials #39; side. Nasdaq up with PeopleSoft, extended tech rally. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Alcoa #39;s profit warning bruised the Dow Friday, while the broader market inched higher 
US trade deficit declines as exports increase WASHINGTON The US trade deficit narrowed 9 percent in July from the record of the previous month as exports rose and a decrease in oil shipments led to the first decline in imports in 11 months, the Commerce Department said Friday.
Fresno State 45 (13) Kansas State 21 MANHATTAN, Kansas Fresno State pulled off its biggest win ever against a ranked team by downing number-13 Kansas City 45-to-21 in Manhattan.
Camara double boosts Celtic CELTIC moved eight points clear of Rangers in the Scottish Premier League with a comfortable 3-0 win at home to Dundee overnight. A brace for Senegalese striker Henri Camara and a solitary strike by John Hartson 
Swedes Gather in Memory of Anna Lindh The terrorist events in the US werent the only unhappy birthdays to be remembered on Sept. 11. A year ago, Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh was stabbed to death in a department store as horrified shoppers watched.
Greek Orthodox leader dies in helicopter crash Egypt #39;s Patriarch of Alexandria, a top Greek Orthodox leader in a post that traces its lineage back to one of the first disciples of Christ, has been killed in a helicopter crash, Greek authorities say.
Bomb Explodes in Saudi, US Shuts Jeddah Consulate (Update1) The US embassy in Saudi Arabia closed its consulate in the Red Sea port city of Jeddah after a car bomb exploded in the town on the third anniversary of the terrorist attacks on Washington and New York.
Sweden Remembers Slain Foreign Minister Hundreds of Swedes paused outside a department store Saturday to remember their former foreign minister, a popular politician who was stabbed and killed by a mentally ill man while shopping one year ago.
Jamaica counts cost of hurricane Two people die as Hurricane Ivan wreaks havoc across Jamaica and heads for the Cayman Islands and Cuba.
Hewitt advances to US Open final Lleyton Hewitt beat his sister #39;s boyfriend Joachim Johansson 6-4, 7-5, 6-3 to advance to his first Grand Slam final in two years at the US Open in New York early this morning.
WRAPUP 1-Arsenal beat Fulham, Chelsea and Man Utd draw Champions Arsenal extended their record unbeaten Premier League run to 45 games with a 3-0 win at Fulham on Saturday but title rivals Chelsea were held 0-0 at 
Fresno State Slams No. 13 Kansas State MANHATTAN, Kansas (Sports Network) - Dwayne Wright rushed for 74 yards and two touchdowns and Paul Pinegar added a pair of scoring passes, as Fresno State crushed 13th-ranked Kansas State, 45-21, at KSU Stadium.
No. 18 Auburn 43, Mississippi St. 14 Carnell Williams ran for 122 yards and two touchdowns, and Ronnie Brown added 147 yards rushing to lead No. 18 Auburn past Mississippi State 43-14 on Saturday.
Dying star creates fantasy-like sculpture of gas and dust In this detailed view from NASA #39;s Hubble Space Telescope, the so-called Cat #39;s Eye Nebula looks like the penetrating eye of the disembodied sorcerer Sauron from the film adaptation of  quot;The Lord of the Rings.
Stars and Stripes Are Gone, but There Is Plenty to Salute ENNIFER CAPRIATI had already dispatched Serena Williams, with a little help from the flawed human eye. Justine Henin-Hardenne was long gone, leaving a vacuum at the top of the draw.
McDowell keeps lead in German Masters Graeme McDowell of Northern Ireland held his three-shot lead in the German Masters Saturday at 14-under-par 20. McDowell, 25, shot a 69 in the third round to maintain the 
India have it easy against Kenya Sourav Ganguly led from the front with a judicious 90 as India beat Kenya by 98 runs in their opening Group C match in the ICC Champions Trophy, at the Rose Bowl, Southampton, on Saturday.
Celtic move eight points in front GLASGOW, Scotland -- Henri Camara scored twice as Celtic beat Dundee 3-0 to move eight points clear of Rangers in the Scottish Premier League.
No. 16 Iowa Survives Rival Iowa State Ed Hinkel made a diving, fingertip catch for a key touchdown and No. 16 Iowa stiffened on defense when it needed to most to beat Iowa State 17-10 Saturday.
Economy has gained  #39;some traction, #39; Greenspan says Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress yesterday that the economy has  quot;regained some traction quot; after a lull in late spring, reinforcing expectations of higher 
US Soldier Jailed Over Iraq Abuse After Confession BAGHDAD, September 11 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - The first US military intelligence soldier to stand trial over the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal received on Saturday, September 11, an eight-month jail term after he pleaded guilty.
Karzai dismisses powerful military governor ahead of Afghan polls KABUL - Afghan President Hamid Karzai dismissed a powerful warlord from his post as provincial governor Saturday in the latest move to solidify the central governments control of wayward provinces ahead of Octobers landmark polls.
Rivers Run Black, and Chinese Die of Cancer As urbanites with rising incomes are demanding better air and water, the countryside is increasingly becoming a dumping ground.
Toll of Death and Ruin Grows in Soaked Jamaica The storm was continued today toward Florida, with the Cayman Islands and Cuba immediately in its sights.
PluggedIn: New Car Gadgets May Distract Drivers (Reuters) Reuters - Drivers still learning how to talk\on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an\even more complex world.
Struggling Sosa Dropped to Sixth in Order (AP) AP - Struggling Sammy Sosa was dropped to No. 6 in the Chicago Cubs' batting order Saturday, the first time he's hit that low in more than 10 years. Booed frequently at Wrigley Field recently, Sosa was batting just .254 before Saturday's game with Florida.
Chrysler Boss Sets Sights on Europe (Reuters) Reuters - It has taken six years, but\Chrysler is betting it has improved the quality and style of\its cars to the point where it can win over twice as many\European motorists, its chief executive said.
Illinois Takes Top Ranking in AP Poll (AP) AP - Illinois took an unusual route to the top of The Associated Press' men's college basketball poll.
News in brief A massive air-drop of paper birds to promote peace failed to halt violence in Thailand #39;s restive south, with a spate of new attacks yesterday.
Ivan Pummels Jamaica; 50 Dead in Caribbean KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan lashed Jamaica with monstrous waves, driving rain and winds nearing 155 mph Saturday, killing at least five people as it washed away homes and tore roofs off houses and trees from the ground but unexpectedly spared the island from a direct hit.    In the storm's wake, authorities in hard-hit Grenada found another eight bodies, raising the toll on the island to 34 dead and the toll across the Caribbean to 50...
Young NFL QBs Get Rough Treatment (AP) AP - It's third-and-long, the game's on the line, the crowd is screaming, and the young quarterback with the pounding heart and racing thoughts gets a little unsettled as he takes his place behind the center.
EU embroiled in taxing debate over 'fiscal dumping' (AFP) AFP - European finance ministers clashed over Franco-German proposals to harmonise EU corporate taxes to prevent lower-cost member states grabbing too much of the investment pie.
U.S.: Bin Laden Likely Issuing Orders BAGRAM, Afghanistan - The trail has gone cold in the hunt for suspected Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden three years after the audacious attacks, but the al-Qaida chief and his No...
U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos ALBANY, Ga. - Frank Jones says he's angry about newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, but he's not surprised by favoritism in the Guard...
Indonesia Releases Embassy Attack Footage JAKARTA, Indonesia - Indonesian police on Saturday released security camera images of a truck bombing outside the Australian Embassy, and investigators found traces of explosives in a room rented by two Malaysian militants wanted in the blast.    Also Saturday, around 1,000 members of a hardline Muslim group rallied in downtown Jakarta against Thursday's attack, which killed nine people, two of them suspected suicide bombers...
Chinese FM discusses boosting links with Yemen (AFP) AFP - Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing concluded a visit to Yemen after handing President Ali Abdullah Saleh a message from his Chinese counterpart proposing boosting political and economic links between the two countries, the official SABA news agency reported.
Dow weakness prevails Technology rise loses steam by close. Weakness in blue chips returns. Rising oil prices weigh. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money staff writer.
Europe Sets Deadline for Iran on Weapons BERLIN - Europe's major powers have agreed to set a November deadline on Iran to meet demands meant to resolve concerns that it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons, in a confidential document made available Saturday to The Associated Press.    The draft resolution was prepared by France, Germany and Britain for Monday's start of a key meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the U.N...
Palestinian poll race tight Two of the first opinion polls since nominations closed for the Palestinian presidential election show a tight race between the establishment candidate, Mahmoud Abbas, and the imprisoned military commander, Marwan Barghouti.
NASA: Spaceport Should Withstand Ivan (AP) AP - NASA's hurricane-damaged spaceport should be able to withstand the wind and rain from Ivan if the storm stays well to the west, the Kennedy Space Center's director said Saturday.
Edwards Addresses Black Caucus in D.C. (AP) AP - The nation has faced innumerable challenges in its history  #151; social, medical and political  #151; but the American spirit always bounces back, Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards said Saturday.
DONZI MARINE Is hiring skilled workers now! We Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, front right, listens to a musical group at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, late Sunday, Dec. 5, 2004.
Chrysler Boss Sets Sights on Europe  CALGARY, Alberta (Reuters) - It has taken six years, but  Chrysler is betting it has improved the quality and style of  its cars to the point where it can win over twice as many  European motorists, its chief executive said.
Snow Sees Post-9/11 Comeback for Economy  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy is making a  comeback and moving in the right direction after taking an  "incredible blow" from the Sept. 11 attacks three years ago,  Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Saturday.
A Great Place to Start Redskins rookie Chris Cooley, an obscure third-round pick from Utah State, finds himself starting at H-back, a critical position in the offense installed by Joe Gibbs.
PluggedIn: New Car Gadgets May Distract Drivers  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Drivers still learning how to talk  on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an  even more complex world.
Eisner, Disney To Part Ways in 2006 Michael Eisner and Frank Wells transformed Disney by revitalizing its dormant animation efforts, expanding the theme parks and, most dramatically, by purchasing Capital Cities/ABC in 1995, thus 
Former star returns to clinic quickly BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- Diego Maradona was taken to hospital for a time Saturday with breathing problems but was then sent back to a drug treatment center and his life was not in immediate danger, a family member said.
WHO warns Thai bird flu monitoring lagging BANGKOK: The World Health Organisation (WHO) has criticised Thailand for not doing enough to monitor birds capable of carrying the deadly avian flu virus, the media reports, following the kingdom #39;s ninth human death.
SAP More Friendly to Oracle-PeopleSoft (Reuters) Reuters - German business software giant SAP\ is starting to see the silver lining in a potential\linkup between rivals Oracle  and PeopleSoft ,\the German Sunday newspaper Welt am Sonntag reported.
Federer Advances to U.S. Open Final with Win Over Henman  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer was at his  dismissive best on Saturday as he breezed to a 6-3, 6-4, 6-4  victory over fifth seed Tim Henman to reach the final of the  U.S. Open for the first time.
Titans Stifle Dolphins Tennessee made three interceptions, including one in their own end zone and another returned 37 yards for a touchdown by Lamont Lamont Thompson.
Russia KGB founder honoured A new statue is unveiled of Felix Dzerzhinsky, the man who founded the much-feared security services.
Bankruptcy looms over US Air talks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Snubbed by its pilots, US Airways Group is scrambling to find cost savings among other union workers to avoid tumbling back into bankruptcy, an event industry analysts warn could come as early as this weekend.
New priority: SLC ponders ways to absorb Delta flights With January fast approaching, and with it the prospect of nearly 60 new Delta flights, Salt Lake City International Airport officials are rushing to absorb the increase.
RIM BlackBerry 7100t Research In Motion, aka RIM, and T-Mobile USA recently launched the latest and perhaps greatest of the GSM BlackBerry line of mobile phone communicators, the 7100t.
Barrichello #39;s World Record It wasn #39;t as important for the race itself as getting pole position, but Rubens Barrichello didn #39;t simply break the Monza qualifying record - he set a new world record for the fastest-ever F1 qualifying lap, at just over 162mph.
Titans thump offensively-challenged Dolphins Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Lamont Thompson returned one of three Tennessee interceptions for a touchdown and Chris Brown ran for 100 yards in the first half, as the Titans opened the season with a 17-7 victory over the Miami Dolphins at Pro Player 
WRAPUP 1-England and India in crushing victories The ICC Champions Trophy continued to run to form on Saturday when England and India disposed of their respective African opponents with consummate ease.
Senior Greek Orthodox cleric killed in helicopter crash Athens (dpa) - Petros VII, a senior cleric in the Greek Orthodox Church, was among 17 killed Saturday when their helicopter crashed into the Aegean Sea, the Greek defence ministry confirmed.
Afghan leader seeks to replace powerful governor Afghan leader Hamid Karzai has effectively tried to sideline a powerful regional rival by promoting him to cabinet minister less than a month before presidential elections on Oct. 9. Ismail 
India #39;s role vital to resolve Maoist problem: US envoy Kathmandu: India has a very important role to play in finding a long-term solution to the Maoist problem in Nepal, which has claimed over 10,000 lives since 1996, US Ambassador to Nepal James F. Moriarty has said.
Vikings Tackle Signs Six-Year Extension (AP) AP - Minnesota right tackle Mike Rosenthal signed a six-year contract extension with the Vikings on Saturday.
Premiers rely on Martin's minority troubles to drive hard bargain on health (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's premiers are hopeful that Prime Minister Paul Martin's tenuous grip on a minority government will give them leverage to drive a hard bargain at this week's high-stakes health-care summit.
Tennis: Federer beats Henman  Roger Federer sees off Tim Henman in straight sets to reach the US Open final.
Eisner steps off Disney rollercoaster Michael Eisner announced plans yesterday to step down as chief executive of Walt Disney in 2006, ending a tenure of more than 20 years in which he has left an indelible mark on one of the best-known brands in the world.
Editorial: Watching, waiting, worrying Delta Air Lines and its subsidiary employ 8,000 people in Greater Cincinnati, control 90 percent of the departures at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport and contribute 76 percent of the landing fees that fund the airport #39;s operation.
Titans Topple Dolphins Tennessee has three interceptions Saturday, including one in its own end zone and another returned 37 yards for a touchdown by Lamont Thompson, to down Miami, 17-7.
Bulldogs Maul Wildcats Paul Pinegar throws two touchdown passes to Matt Rivera and runs for another score as Fresno State dismantles No. 13 Kansas State, 45-21, Saturday.
Harrington ignores pain to move into contention in Germany Padraig Harrington #39;s view that he had  quot;turned the corner quot; on an ailing game charged back into contention in the German Masters on Saturday.
Third-period comeback sends US out Finland, a perfectly livable little European country with five million of the hardiest hockey fans this side of Moose Jaw, had an inferiority complex.
Ganguly praises team India, awaits arch-rival Pakistan SOUTHAMPTON: Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly on Saturday expressed happiness over the all-round performance of the team in the ICC champions trophy match against Kenya and said they were ready for the big game against Pakistan.
Maradona  quot;Rushed Back to Hospital quot; Diego Maradona was rushed to hospital in the early hours of today, according to reports in Argentina. The former World Cup winner is currently undergoing lengthy treatment to cure a long-standing drug problem 
Don #39;t go, PM tells travellers Prime Minister Helen Clark last night warned New Zealanders to stay away from Indonesia, saying Westerners there remained terrorist targets.
Federer, Hewitt Sweep Into Open Final NEW YORK - Roger Federer kept up his bid to become the first man since 1988 to win three Grand Slam titles in a year, beating Tim Henman 6-3, 6-4, 6-4 Saturday and cruising into the U.S. Open final against Lleyton Hewitt...
Long-Winded Matchup Goes Federer #39;s Way layers #39; shirts beat against their bodies like waves against a rock. The tennis ball often did a strange jig as it crossed the net.
FA Cup 3rd Round Draw: Glamour Ties For Minnows The draw for the Third Round of the FA Cup has created a number of potential giant-killings - or more probably some bumper pay-days for several minnows of English football.
Terror Tape Boasts U.S. Forces Humiliated (AP) AP - An audiotape purportedly by key terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi boasts in an apparently recent recording that Islamic holy warriors have humiliated the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.
Purported al-Zarqawi tape boasts of humiliating U.S.-led forces in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - An audiotape purportedly from key terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi boasts in an apparently recent recording that Islamic holy warriors have humiliated the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.
General: Bin Laden Likely Issuing Orders (AP) AP - The trail has gone cold in the hunt for suspected Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden three years after the audacious attacks, but the al-Qaida chief and his No. 2 are still orchestrating strikes like the recent suicide car bombing of a U.S. security firm in Kabul, a top American commander said Saturday.
Tewell Leads Smyth by 1 at Kroger Classic (AP) AP - Doug Tewell shook off a bogey on the first hole and shot a 7-under 65 Saturday to take a one-stroke lead over Des Smyth after two rounds of the Kroger Classic.
Titans Defense Smothers Miami in Re-Scheduled Game  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lamont Thompson returned an  interception 37 yards for a touchdown while the Tennessee  Titans used a smothering defense to beat the Miami Dolphins  17-7 in their National Football League game on Saturday.
Antitrust Ruling Reverberates The stock prices of Oracle and PeopleSoft jumped on the news yesterday, as did shares of other major software companies, including ADP Inc.
US Air Pilots Agree to New Talks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways and its pilots union said  on Saturday that they were willing to resume talks over a \$295  million package of concessions, as time ran short for the  company to strike giveback deals with its labor groups and  avert another trip into bankruptcy.
BofA's Integration of Fleet Raises Ire  BOSTON (Reuters) - Nearly a year after agreeing to buy  FleetBoston Financial Corp., Bank of America Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BAC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BAC.N&lt;/A&gt; has  found it still has a lot of explaining to do in New England.
Falling oil prices lift blue chips BLUE chips in the United States recovered ground on Friday as falling oil prices offset a profit warning from aluminium-maker Alcoa, while a tech rally was fuelled by software-maker Oracle Corp.
Market leader He may just be a mild-mannered supermarket boss with a folksy Midwestern manner. But the store is Wal-Mart, the biggest. And Vanity Fair just voted him the world #39;s most powerful man.
Opec #39;s new price shock Opec, the oil producers #39; cartel, is poised to raise its target price range for a barrel of crude this week - delivering a harsh message to oil-guzzling economies to get used to a \$30 floor under prices.
Brazil Wins Rulings on 2 Trade Issues The World Trade Organization ruled yesterday that as much as half of European Union sugar exports are illegal and separately confirmed that \$3 billion in United States cotton subsidies violate the organization #39;s rules, handing Brazil two victories in its 
CORRECTED - Interstate Bakeries says banks allow more credit In Sept. 10 LOS ANGELES story headlined  quot;Interstate Bakeries says banks boost credit, quot; please read in the headline ...  quot;Interstate Bakeries says banks allow more credit.
IBM #39;s Jones:  #39;Stinger #39; Targets Enterprises with Automation, Price &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jeff Jones, director of strategy for IBM #39;s DB2 Universal Database, says IBM is wielding affordability and automation as it prepares for battle in the new world of second-generation databases.
Wireless wonders EVER since Ericsson invented Bluetooth in 1994, the concept of wireless connectivity has held the promise of changing the way we use machines very significantly.
New BlackBerry features smaller keyboard With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Federer outclasses Henman Tim Henman #39;s hopes of reaching his first grand slam final were ended by Roger Federer at the US Open tonight. It was his sixth defeat in the semi-finals of one of tennis #39; big four tournaments, and the second 
Barcelona, Real Madrid post home wins Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - David Beckham scored the game-winner for Real Madrid as the  #39;galacticos #39; and Barcelona both won in week two of the Spanish Premier division.
Camara trickery PRE-SEASON was supposed to have ended a month ago. Yet, such is the obsession with the Champions League down Celtic Park way, it was impossible to escape the feeling that yesterdays oh-so-bloody-easy Premierleague 
QB shuffle fails to pay off for Dolphins Dave Wannstedt wasn #39;t happy with Jay Fiedler on Saturday, and the feeling was mutual. Wannstedt benched Fiedler at halftime of the Miami Dolphins #39; 17-7 loss to the Tennessee Titans, and the quarterback said he was disappointed about the quick hook.
Newman won #39;t change strategy Ryan Newman has pocketed 23 pole positions in his three-year NASCAR career. But perhaps none more important than Friday night #39;s pole-winning effort at Richmond International Raceway.
Gough revels in role of bully The details of England #39;s one-day series in Zimbabwe have been revealed. If the ICC #39;s racism hearing, which commences on 29 September, finds nothing untoward, there will be five one-day matches in 10 days from 26 November.
M. Hampton, P ATLANTA (Ticker) -- Now that they have ended their three-game losing streak, the Atlanta Braves can focus on winning another division title.
Small mercy of Ivan the Terrible THEY had been urged to pray for a last-minute miracle as Hurricane Ivan, one of the most ferocious storms in Caribbean history, tore towards their vulnerable island.
First conviction in Gharib scandal BAGHDAD, Sept. 11. - The first US military intelligence soldier brought to court in the Abu Gharib prisoner abuse scandal was sentenced today to eight months in prison, demoted to private and expelled from the military.
Two blasts rock Jeddah RIYADH, Sept 11: Two explosions of mild intensity hit Jeddah on Saturday, on the third anniversary of the Sept-11 attacks on the World Trade Centre in New York and the Pentagon in Washington.
Four Orthodox church leaders die in air crash The Greek Orthodox church was in mourning last night after a senior patriarch and three leading bishops were killed in a helicopter crash in the Aegean Sea.
IDF ends 4-day operation in Gaza #39;s Jabalya refugee camp The Israel Defense Forces moved out of the northern Gaza Strip yesterday, ending a four-day operation in which eight Palestinians were killed, including a 9-year-old boy, and about 50 Palestinians were wounded.
War on terror to continue in Waziristan: Pak. Islamabad, Sept 12. (UNI): As hostilities continue to rage between the security forces and militants in South Waziristan, Pakistani Interior Minister Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao on Saturday said anti-terror operation 
60 Minutes Report on Bush's Guard Service Referenced Falsified Memos? A tempest is crawling across the blogosphere, and it isn't named Ivan. At the eye of the storm is CBS, and a 60 minutes report allegedly raising "New Questions On Bush Guard Duty". But were the memos at the heart of this story authentic?
Agency joins suit against Saudi Arabia THE government agency that owns the World Trade Center site has joined a US\$7 billion (S\$11.9 billion) suit against Saudi Arabia and Al-Qaeda for the Sept 11 terrorist attacks.
Small Bombs Go Off in Jeddah JEDDAH, 12 September 2004 - Two small bombs left in stolen taxis exploded in Jeddah yesterday, both outside banks with foreign links.
The boys from Bentonville feel the need to be loved Lee Scott Jr., the chief executive of Wal-Mart Stores, was speaking the other day about old times at the company #39;s headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas.
Genesis mission: hopes are high p2pnet.net OT News:- The idea was for helicopter stunt pilots to catch the Genesis space capsule in mid-air and bring it gently back to earth.
Tennis: Federer and Hewitt set for US Open final clash NEW YORK : Roger Federer will be chasing his third Grand Slam of the year and trying to blast his way into the record books as he faces Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday #39;s 17.
Weir extends lead Mike Weir fired a 70 on Saturday to take a three-shot lead after the third round of the Canadian Open. A birdie on the 18th took the home favourite to 10 under par, with Vijay Singh, Jesper Parnevik and Cliff Kresge all on seven under.
One nation finals are a big yawn If there were such a thing as a third-place play-off in Grand Slam tennis, you can rest assured that the American television networks would have opted to screen it yesterday evening 
Yankees 5, Orioles 2 Unbeaten Orlando Hernandez pitched seven innings of five-hit ball to win his eighth straight decision, and the New York Yankees beat Sidney Ponson and the Baltimore Orioles 5-2 Saturday.
For Oracle, one obstacle removed but many await Oracle Corp can celebrate a ruling by a US judge that it can take over archrival PeopleSoft Inc, but analysts say the world #39;s second biggest software maker has a battery of other barriers to overcome before a deal is clinched.
Wal-Mart sterling bond with 30-year maturity -source US retailer Wal-Mart #39;s (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) sterling-denominated benchmark bond will carry a 30-year maturity, a syndicate source said on Friday.
Iran: OPEC United on Raising Price Target OPEC is united on the need to raise its oil price target to an average \$30 a barrel, but the cartel has yet to agree on when to implement the higher level, a top Iranian oil official said on Thursday.
Santander cuts UK bank stake LONDON Banco Santander Central Hispano, Spain #39;s biggest bank, said Thursday that it was selling as much as 1.26 billion of shares in Royal Bank of Scotland Group, scaling back its 16-year partnership with the British bank as it seeks to buy Abbey 
Afghan Government Removes a Powerful Regional Leader The Afghan government on Saturday announced the removal of the powerful governor of Herat, in western Afghanistan, one of the country #39;s longest standing warlords.
Romans march for Italian captives #39; release Tens of thousands of people have marched through Rome to press for the release of two Italians being held captive in Iraq. Children and adults joined the torch-lit rally on Friday under rainbow-coloured banners 
HONOURS EVEN IN VERONA Verona - Saturday evening #39;s Serie A TIM 2004/05 curtain raiser between Chievo and Inter at the Bentegodi finished in a 2-2 draw.
Notre Dame 28, No. 8 Michigan 20 Freshman Darius Walker had two fourth-quarter touchdowns and the Fighting Irish renewed hope for a turnaround season by upsetting the eighth-ranked Wolverines 28-20 on Saturday.
Saudis to be sued over 9/11 Senior members of the ruling Saudi royal family have been accused of ultimate responsibility for the terrorist attack on the World Trade Centre that killed nearly 3000 people and sparked the worldwide war on terror.
Greek Orthodox Patriarch Dies With 12 Others in Copter Crash Africa #39;s senior Greek Orthodox leader, Patriarch Petros VII of Alexandria, Egypt, and a dozen other religious officials were killed Saturday when a helicopter carrying 
Pak won #39;t give up Kashmir: Musharraf Islamabad: As Islamabad and New Delhi resume back channel diplomacy with the visit of a senior Pakistani official to India for talks with National Security Advisor JN Dixit, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf declared his country would not give up Kashmir 
Disney CEO Eisner to Resign in 2006 Description: Michael Eisner, the embattled head of the Walt Disney Co., is planning to step down as CEO when his contract expires in the year 2006.
The Solaris on Itanium discussion stalls again &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Intel needs attitude adjustment
Practice leaves Harrington in pain and on fire But before any alarm bells start ringing in the European camp, it should be noted that this particular strain did not prevent the Dubliner shooting a best-of-the-day 64 in the third round of the Linde German Masters in Cologne.
UPDATE 3-Barca and Real continue perfect start to season A classy free kick from Real Madrid #39;s David Beckham and smart goals from Barcelona new boys Ludovic Giuly and Henrik Larsson allowed both teams to maintain their 
UPDATE 2-Milan and Inter held on Serie A opening day Italian champions AC Milan and title challengers Inter Milan were both held to 2-2 draws against unfancied opponents as the Serie A season got off to a surprising start on Saturday.
UK party leaders target climate The British prime minister and the leader of the opposition are both to sound the alarm over climate change.
Notre Dame Upsets No. 8 Michigan  SOUTH BEND, Indiana (Sports Network) - True freshman Darius  Walker ran for 115 yards and a pair of fourth-quarter  touchdowns, leading Notre Dame to a 28-20 victory over  eighth-ranked Michigan at Notre Dame Stadium.
Protests over Afghan power row A protest ends in violence in western Herat amid a struggle between President Karzai and the local governor.
Iran 'serial child killers' held Iranian police arrest two men suspected of murdering several children and burying their bodies in the desert. 
Weir on Verge of Ending 50-Year Canadian Wait  OAKVILLE, Ontario (Reuters) - Mike Weir, seeking to become  the first home winner of the Canadian Open for 50 years, hit a  one-under-par 70 to take a three-shot lead after the third  round of the 100th version of the event Saturday.
Yankees' Hernandez Stays Perfect Orlando Hernandez allowed one run and two walks in becoming the first Yankee starter to open the season 8-0 since Bob Wickman in 1993.
Freshman Sparkles as Notre Dame Rebounds Freshman Darius Walker had two fourth-quarter touchdowns and the Fighting Irish renewed hope for a turnaround season by upsetting the eighth-ranked Wolverines.
Atomic Activity in North Korea Raises Concerns While reports that North Korea is preparing to test a nuclear weapon are warranting White House attention, intelligence agencies are divided over their significance.
Florida Keys Empty Ahead of Hurricane KEY WEST, Fla. - Many businesses were shuttered and streets were largely deserted Saturday as residents fled from this normally bustling island resort town amid concern that Hurricane Ivan was heading for Florida...
Soldier Sentenced for Iraq Prison Abuse BAGHDAD, Iraq - A U.S. soldier broke down in tears Saturday as he admitted abusing inmates at Abu Ghraib prison, receiving a lighter sentence in return for his testimony against others charged in the scandal...
FDA Testing Limits of Medical Technology WASHINGTON - A little-known Food and Drug program is testing the latest medical technology to determine how safe and useful it can be.    One cutting-edge experiment is designed to see if injecting certain drugs directly into diseased arteries works better than commonly used stents in keeping arteries clear...
General: Bin Laden Likely Issuing Orders BAGRAM, Afghanistan - The trail has gone cold in the hunt for suspected Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden three years after the audacious attacks, but the al-Qaida chief and his No...
Shaq Settles Some Scores in New Rap Song LOS ANGELES - The way NBA star Shaquille O'Neal sees it, he's still the big cat, Kobe Bryant's not where it's at, and he's got the rap to back up the fact. And the Miami Heat center isn't crazy about the Detroit Pistons' Ben Wallace or rapper Skillz either...
With 50 Dead, Ivan Intensifies Off Jamaica BULL BAY, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan strengthened to a rare Category 5 storm capable of catastrophic damage, leaving Jamaica and aiming for the Cayman Islands with winds reaching 165 mph, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said Saturday...
Federer, Hewitt in Final Roger Federer keeps up his bid to become the first man since 1988 to win three Grand Slam titles in a year, and sets up a showdown with Lleyton Hewitt in the U.S. Open final.
Hokies Stomp Broncos Bryan Randall throws for 253 yards and two touchdowns and Virginia Tech snaps a four-game losing streak with a 63-0 win over Western Michigan on Saturday.
Polanco Propels Mids Quarterback Aaron Polanco scores three touchdowns and rushes for 143 yards Saturday to lead Navy to a 28-24 win over Northeastern.
For NFL, a Tough Start Coaches league-wide are wondering why the NFL's schedule-makers put five games between division rivals on the opening weekend.
Notre Dame Upsets No. 8 Michigan 28-20 (AP) AP - Notre Dame used an unlikely hero to earn another surprising victory over Michigan. Freshman Darius Walker had two fourth-quarter touchdowns and the Fighting Irish renewed hope for a turnaround season by upsetting the eighth-ranked Wolverines 28-20 on Saturday.
Terror Tape Boasts U.S. Forces Humiliated (AP) AP - An audiotape purportedly by key terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi boasts that Islamic holy warriors have humiliated the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.
Phillies Closer Ejected in Win Over Mets (AP) AP - Philadelphia closer Billy Wagner was furious after he was ejected in the ninth inning of Saturday's game 11-9, 13-inning win over the New York Mets for throwing two high-and-tight pitches to Cliff Floyd.
No. 9 Ohio St. Edges Marshall 24-21 on FG (AP) AP - Ohio State still has that last-minute magic. Mike Nugent's 55-yard field goal as time expired gave the ninth-ranked Buckeyes a 24-21 victory over Marshall on Saturday.
The Battle for Middle-earth Ships December 06, 2004 - Today game and film fans alike are picking sides to decide the fate of Middle-earth as Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:ERTS) announces the release of the eagerly-awaited PC game, The Lord of the Rings(tm), The Battle for Middle-earth(tm).
Weir on Verge of Ending 50-Year Canadian Wait  OAKVILLE, Ontario (Reuters) - Mike Weir, seeking to become  the first home winner of the Canadian Open for 50 years, hit a  one-under-par 70 to take a three-shot lead after the third  round of the 100th version of the event on Saturday.
Federer's Power to Meet Hewitt's Precision in U.S. Open Final When the men's champion is decided Sunday at Arthur Ashe Stadium, the season's two hottest players, Roger Federer and Lleyton Hewitt, will be doing the swinging.
Hernndez Continues to Pitch Like the Ace of Pinstripes A home run by Rafael Palmeiro was the only blemish on Orlando Hernndez's seven innings. He gave up four other hits, two walks and struck out four.
After a Sloppy Start, the Irish Upset Michigan Freshman Darius Walker ran for 115 yards and scored two touchdowns, helping revive an Irish offense that had managed just one touchdown in the season's first six quarters.
From cell phone to sunflower Scientists said on Monday they have come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower when thrown away. Materials company Pvaxx Research  amp; Development, at 
HBOS calls in KPMG integrators to make 10bn Abbey bid add up James Crosby, chief executive of HBOS, has hired a team of 30 integration experts from KPMG #39;s transaction services arm to try to make the numbers work for a potential 10bn bid for Abbey National.
Browns EU victories will help him on home turf ACCORDING to those commentators who peddle their political analysis in big, brash, primary colours, theres absolutely no question who lost out big time in Tony Blairs latest ministerial reshuffle.
At Least 50 Deaths Blamed on Hurricane Ivan UPDATE, SAT 4PM: The number of dead across the Caribbean from Hurricane Ivan is now at least 50. Grenada alone is reporting 34 deaths, with eight more bodies found today.
Palestinians shell Israeli settlement BEIT LAHIYA (Gaza Strip) - Palestinians lobbed mortar shells at an Israeli settlement in the northern Gaza Strip on Saturday, hours after Israeli troops ended a raid of the area meant to stop such attacks.
Brown claims victory in fight to curb EU budget Gordon Brown has struck a deal to derail Brussels plans for a rapid expansion in the EU #39;s budget, wresting back control for the finance ministers of member states.
Itanium not meeting Intel #39;s goals com September 8, 2004, 5:28 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Racing: Rule Of Law applies the finishing touch One of the factors that the decriers of the St Leger often forget is that an integral part of this sport is the spectacle that it provides.
Notre Dame Upsets No. 8 Michigan SOUTH BEND, Indiana (Sports Network) - True freshman Darius Walker ran for 115 yards and a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns, leading Notre Dame to a 28-20 victory over eighth-ranked Michigan at Notre Dame Stadium.
Matthew Zemek / CollegeFootballNews.com Posted: 2 minutes ago One has to wonder: with 1:37 left in regulation and Miami getting its hands on the ball one last time, did the Orange Bowl crowd - let alone America - think the Hurricanes were still going to beat Florida State again?
US Air Pilots Agree to New Talks (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways and its pilots union said\on Saturday that they were willing to resume talks over a  #36;295\million package of concessions, as time ran short for the\company to strike giveback deals with its labor groups and\avert another trip into bankruptcy.
AL Wrap: Crosby, Swisher Connect to End A's Losing Streak (Reuters) Reuters - Rookies Bobby Crosby and Nick Swisher\belted back-to-back homers in the eighth inning to rally the\Oakland Athletics to a 5-4 win over the Cleveland Indians in\the American League Saturday.
Syria Urged to Pull Troops From Lebanon (AP) AP - A senior U.S. diplomat urged Syria's president Saturday to withdraw his country's troops from Lebanon and stop interfering in internal Lebanese affairs, a message delivered at a time when Syrian-American relations have been particularly strained.
Hong Kong Holding Legislative Elections (AP) AP - After a campaign marred by scandal and alleged intimidation, the people of Hong Kong voted Sunday under gray skies in legislative elections that could give pro-democracy figures more clout than they have held since China reclaimed Hong Kong in July 1997.
Why are there so many hurricanes? Just about. The only time on record that anything like this happened before was in 1947, when two hurricanes and one tropical storm hit Florida within five weeks.
Can Mr. Chips Transform Intel? PAUL S. OTELLINI was 41 and a rising star at Intel when, in 1992, his boss informed him that the company would choose him as its new chief of sales and marketing.
Enter your e-mail: Panasonic put another nail in the VCR #39;s coffin this week when it announced a digital video recorder that can store 700 hours (nearly an entire month) of programming on its 400GB hard drive.
After a Sloppy Start, the Irish Upset Michigan With a burst of speed, Darius Walker sprinted around right end and ran untouched into the south end zone for a 6-yard touchdown Saturday.
SI.com OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- Nick Swisher and Bobby Crosby kept the Oakland Athletics alone in first place for at least another day.
PM: Do not associate Malaysia with car-bombing in Jakarta PENANG: Malaysia has nothing to do with the car-bombing incident in Jakarta that killed nine people and injured 173 others, Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said.
Unusual Search Engines Unusual Search Engines \\Unless you've been living under a rock, you know of the major search engines like Google or Yahoo. But did you know that there are many other smaller or niche search engines out there that can offer you unique help? Let's take a look at some of ...
Google Stock Gobbled by Fidelity Investments Google Stock Gobbled by Fidelity Investments\\Fidelity Investments, the world's largest mutual fund manager, bought \$549 million of stock in search engine Google's IPO, about 23 percent of the shares offered during the initial public offering. Fidelity reported in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it now ...
Can Mr. Chips Transform Intel? Paul S. Otellini, the probable new chief of Intel, may have to lead the chip manufacturer in an industry where the race may be for creativity, not speed.
EU Ministers Nix Punishment Proposal (AP) AP - European Union finance ministers gave a cold shoulder Saturday to France's contentious proposal to cut off development funds for EU newcomers unless they agree to stop luring Western companies  #151; and jobs  #151; with low tax rates.
NL Wrap: Cubs Rally to Beat Marlins (Reuters) Reuters - Derrek Lee whacked a three-run double\against his former team to help the Chicago Cubs defeat the\Florida Marlins 5-2 to retain their National League (NL)\wildcard lead Saturday.
Purported al-Zarqawi tape boasts of humiliating U.S.-led forces in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - An audiotape purportedly from key terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi boasts that Islamic holy warriors have humiliated the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.
Hong Kong Votes in Close Poll, Focus on More Democracy  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong residents voted on Sunday  in a legislative election that could bring big gains for the  democracy camp, which has angered Beijing by demanding  universal suffrage in the former British colony.
Clashes as Chile remembers coup A ceremony to honour those who died in Chile's  military coup ends in violence between protesters and police. 
Do Newspapers Make Good News Look Bad? Two economists argue that reporters commit the same archetypal sin: slant the news unequivocally in favor of the Democrats.
If the Revenue Column Says Zero, Avoid the I.P.O. Initial offerings of commercially successful companies regularly beat benchmarks of similar stocks over the long term, according to a new study.
Federer #39;s Power to Meet Hewitt #39;s Precision in US Open Final he Americans bowed out relatively early. Controversy clouded the elimination of one of the game #39;s biggest names, Serena Williams, and rain and wind each had a day to ravage the tournament.
Kiwis cruise to easy win over Americans LONDON: New Zealand crushed a plucky United States team by 210 runs as the ICC Champions Trophy cricket tournament got off to an explosive and predictably wet start on Friday.
Jamaican capital spared as hurricane blasts island The Caribbean nation of Jamaica became the second major victim of Hurricane Ivan yesterday as waves the height of two-storey houses and 155mph winds smashed into the island.
US Markets Shrug Off Iraq, Terrorism News (Reuters) Reuters - As recently as early summer, the shock\waves from a roadside bomb or mortar attack against American\forces in Iraq would ripple through U.S. markets.
Sporting World Remembers Sept. 11 Attacks (AP) AP - On the third anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, the victims were remembered and honored in sporting events around the country and the world.
Europe Sets Deadline for Iran on Weapons (AP) AP - Europe's major powers have agreed to set a November deadline on Iran to meet demands meant to resolve concerns that it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons, in a confidential document made available Saturday to The Associated Press.
Blasts Hit Baghdad Apartment Buildings (AP) AP - Large explosions shook the center of Iraq's capital late Saturday, only hours after a bomb detonated near a U.S. consular office in southern Iraq, killing one person and wounding another.
With 56 Dead, Ivan Intensifies Off Jamaica (AP) AP - Hurricane Ivan strengthened to a rare Category 5 storm capable of catastrophic damage, leaving Jamaica and aiming for the Cayman Islands with winds reaching 165 mph, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said Saturday. Ivan has killed 56 people across the Caribbean so far this week, including 34 in Grenada and 11 in Jamaica.
PeopleSoft in a Corner After Decision (AP) AP - After defiantly warding off rival Oracle Corp.'s  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover for 15 months, business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. finds itself backed into a corner, with its best chances for escape tied to forces beyond its control.
Arabs: Terror War Has Spread Instability (AP) AP - Victims of the Sept. 11 attacks were mourned worldwide Saturday, but in the Middle East, amid sympathy for the dead, Arabs said Washington's support for Israel and the war on terror launched in the aftermath of the World Trade Center's collapse have only fueled anger and violence.
A Door Swings Open, and the World Rambles In Like a latter-day Ellis Island, the National Tennis Center bristled with overseas energy, overseas hopes, overseas dreams.
Instant Analysis: Michigan at Notre Dame There are dozens of other games going on as this story is filed at 7:28 Eastern time on a crazy Saturday, but Notre Dame #39;s win over Michigan might be the craziest in the bunch.
NL Wrap: Cubs Rally to Beat Marlins Derrek Lee whacked a three-run double against his former team to help the Chicago Cubs defeat the Florida Marlins 5-2 to retain their National League (NL) wildcard lead Saturday.
Two killed in Afghan protest Two people were reported killed in a protest over Afghan President Karzai #39;s decision to replace a powerful provincial governor.
Egypt wants permanent seat on UN Security Council CAIRO - Egypt #39;s regional and international clout qualify it for a permanent seat on an expanded UN Security Council, Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said on Saturday.
Kuznetsova Tops Dementieva for Open Title (AP) AP - Pounding ferocious forehands and covering the baseline with the muscular legs of a Tour de France rider, Svetlana Kuznetsova overwhelmed Elena Dementieva 6-3, 7-5 Saturday night in the U.S. Open's first all-Russian final.
Georgia Rallies Past S. Carolina, 20-16 (AP) AP - David Greene struggled early but finished with 213 yards passing and two touchdown passes, to lead No. 3 Georgia to a 20-16 victory over South Carolina on Saturday.
Dunn Hits Grand Slam, Reds Rout Brewers (AP) AP - Adam Dunn hit a grand slam in a seven-run third inning, leading the Cincinnati Reds over the Milwaukee Brewers 9-0 Saturday night.
No. 12 Calif. Beats N. Mexico St 41-14 (AP) AP - J.J. Arrington ran for 177 yards and three touchdowns, and Aaron Rodgers completed 19 of 26 passes for 260 yards and two scores in No. 12 California's 41-14 victory over New Mexico State on Saturday.
Rays Beat Royals 12-6 After 12 Losses (AP) AP - The Tampa Bay Devil Rays stopped the second-longest losing streak in team history at 12 games, rallying past the Kansas City Royals 8-6 Saturday night behind Julio Lugo.
Yahoo Makes A Deal With The Donald (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Fans who can't get enough of NBC's "The Apprentice" can visit a new companion Web site produced by Yahoo and watch an extra 40 minutes of video each week that will not be shown on Thursday's reality TV show.
Microsoft Sings a New Tune With Windows Media Player 10 (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It's amazing to see what an entrenched monopolist will do when it finally meets real competition.
Web Data Transfer to Handsets Made Easier (AP) AP - Have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? Have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? Or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone? A trio of entrepreneurs believe they have a solution.
Scientists Recover Critical Genesis Parts (AP) AP - NASA scientists said they have recovered some critical pieces of the Genesis space capsule intact and are optimistic the wreckage will yield valuable information about the origins of the solar system.
Space Station Oxygen Generator Analyzed (AP) AP - The astronauts aboard the international space station got their broken oxygen generator running after three tries Friday, but the machine shut down again after barely an hour of operation.
Anxiety over terror still a drag on market Just after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks happened, stock market historian Yale Hirsch called the event  quot;a modern Pearl Harbor by a band of terrorists with more than twice the dead that will change our lives forever.
WTO finds unfair practices in sugar, cotton industries Developing countries were last night celebrating victory over the world #39;s two largest economic blocs after the WTO ruled against the European Union #39;s sugar regime and the support given by the US to its cotton farmers.
Lost Dreams May Show Stuff Dreams Are Made Of (Reuters) Reuters - A stroke that robbed a woman of her\dreams may help pinpoint where and how dreams are born in the\brain, scientists said on Friday.
Yahoo Makes A Deal With The Donald Fans who can #39;t get enough of NBC #39;s  quot;The Apprentice quot; can visit a new companion Web site produced by Yahoo and watch an extra 40 minutes of video each week that will not be shown on Thursday #39;s reality TV show.
SP2 Fights Worms, Has Bugs After a rough couple of years of embarrassing and serious hacker attacks hitting the Windows-using world, Microsoft Corp. struck back in August with the security-minded upgrade it dubbed Service Pack 2.
Overlaying to boost Internet performance World leading microchip developer Intel says the Internet needs a radical overhaul to make itself more powerful. Intel #39;s chief technology officer, Pat Gelsinger, notes that 
WiMax accepts Digiweb as first Irish wireless ISP Broadand services provider Digiweb has been accepted as a member of the international wireless industry body, the WiMax Forum, which was established to promote and certify compatibility and interoperability of broadband wireless products and platforms.
Arsenal stretches unbeaten league string to record 45 Arsenal stretched its record unbeaten string in the Premier League to 45 games, Freddie Ljungberg #39;s two second-half goals - and another from Jose Antonio Reyes - making the difference in Saturday #39;s 3-0 victory at Fulham.
California Golden Bears BERKELEY, California (Ticker) -- Behind the running by JJ Arrington and the arm of quarterback Aaron Rodgers, No. 13 California recorded another convincing victory.
Lecavalier #39;s OT goal sends Canada to World Cup final Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Vincent Lecavalier scored from a sharp angle on a second-chance opportunity 3:45 into overtime, lifting Canada to a 4-3 semifinal victory over the Czech Republic and sending the host country to the World Cup final.
Indonesia steps up clamp on militants JAKARTA: Indonesian police said yesterday they had redoubled efforts to track militants blamed for a suicide car bomb attack on the Australian embassy, and released video recordings of the powerful blast.
Putin #39;s War If Putin Refuses to Change Course Russia #39;s Future is &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The bloody end to the hostage crisis in Russia leaves unfathomable human suffering. More than three hundred children, parents and teachers died in the gruesome 52-hour siege that began 
GREEK PATRIARCH KILLED IN CHOPPER CRASH One of the leading figures in the Greek Orthodox Church, the Patriarch of Alexandria Peter VII, has been killed in a helicopter crash in the Aegean Sea.
Explosion reported outside Saudi bank JIDDAH, Saudi Arabia - Al-Arabiya TV on Saturday reported that an explosion took place outside the Saudi-American Bank in Red Sea city of Jiddah.
Two killed in pre-election unrest in Afghanistan Two people have been killed in clashes between troops and stone-throwing protesters angered by President Hamid Karzai effectively axing a regional governor.
Col. John F. Bolt Dies; Fighter Pilot, Double Ace Lt. Col. John F.  quot;Jack quot; Bolt, a Marine fighter pilot who was the last surviving American double ace, having shot down at least five enemy airplanes in both World War II and the Korean War, died Sept.
Lobbyists Line Up on Overtime Pay Both business and labor lobbyists plan to keep up fight over Bush administration's eligibility rules for overtime pay, despite doubt that legislation can pass this year.
Devastation linked to global warming Scientists are claiming that the unprecedented ferocity and frequency of the hurricanes that have battered the Caribbean this year can be blamed on one factor: the unexpectedly warm water that has been building up in the Atlantic over the past year.
Jarvis facing collapse as debts mount CRISIS-rocked rail and road contracting firm Jarvis sent its shares crashing again yesterday when it gave warning it faced collapse within weeks if it could not reschedule debt-repayments with its banks.
Putin #39;s Strong Hand Fails Russia The mass murderers who seized the school in Beslan, Russia, this month committed one of the most heinous acts of terrorism in world history.
Three Palestinians die in Gaza clashes GAZA CITY: Three Palestinians, one a local Hamas leader, were killed yesterday as Israel pressed a major offensive in the Gaza Strip and imposed a watertight closure on the Palestinian territories ahead of the Jewish New Year.
Bombers target embassy BASRA: A car bomb exploded near the US embassy office in the southern Iraqi city of Basra yesterday, killing two people and wounding three, but no Americans were injured.
The Scalability of Full Content Feeds \\There has been a lot of talk  recently about the problem of RSS feeds which\include full content on high bandwidth sites such as MSDN blogs.\\When RSS is used for a site with both a great amount of users, and with frequent\updates, the bandwidth required to deliver realtime events can be problematic.\\Its a real problem.  The RSS model requires clients to download the ENTIRE feed\if even ONE item has been modified/added.  This means that if you have 55k\subscribers, with 15 RSS items in your feed, and you want to publish one more\post, all 14 additional posts need to be re-downloaded by the client.\\There are a lot of potential solutions. HTTP deltas are one solution but too\difficult to imp ...\\
Mike Weir plods along and hangs onto lead at Bell Canadian Open OAKVILLE, Ont. (CP) - If Mike Weir #39;s putter was any better on Saturday, his final round at the Bell Canadian Open would be more of a coronation than a competition.
Beckham on target for Real MADRID: A stunning first-half free kick from David Beckham gave Real Madrid a 1-0 win over newly promoted Numancia at the Bernabeu last night.
Microsoft's Media Player 10 Sings a New Tune It's amazing to see what an entrenched monopolist will do when it finally meets real competition.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Cards' McCown to Start Cardinals head coach Dennis Green returns the starting quarterback job to his first choice, Josh McCown, for Sunday's game against San Francisco.
Yahoo Makes a Deal With The Donald Fans who can't get enough of "The Apprentice" can visit a new companion Web site each week and watch an extra 40 minutes of video not broadcast on the Thursday show.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
SP2 Fights Worms, Has Bugs Microsoft's Web site lists about 40 software programs that may be hampered when its Service Pack 2 is installed and 50 that don't seem to be compatible at all -- these aren't obscure titles, either.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
No. 9 Ohio State Edges Marshall on Last-Second FG  COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Mike Nugent's 55-yard  field goal as time expired lifted the ninth-ranked Ohio State  Buckeyes to a dramatic 24-21 win over the pesky Marshall  Thundering Herd in the first-ever meeting between the teams.
Overtime Goal Puts Canada in World Cup Hockey Final  TORONTO (Reuters) - Vincent Lecavalier's goal 3:45 into  overtime earned Canada a nail-biting 4-3 victory over the Czech  Republic on Saturday and a place in the final of the World Cup  of Hockey.
Report: Illinois Hires Zook Illinois is expected to announce the hiring of former Florida head coach Ron Zook on Tuesday.
Russians Rule Again Svetlana Kuznetsova overwhelms Elena Dementieva 6-3, 7-5, on Saturday night in the U.S. Open final, becoming the third Russian woman to win a major this season.
'Err' Nebraska Loses Southern Miss converted four of the Cornhuskers' five turnovers into points, beating Nebraska 21-17 Saturday to become the first nonconference opponent to win in Lincoln since 1991.
A's Drop Indians The Athletics end their five-game losing skid in dramatic fashion on Saturday, rallying from a 4-0 deficit to beat the Indians 5-4.
Hoyas Fall Short Georgetown's offense sputters in a 17-6 loss to Lafayette on Saturday. The defeat drops the Hoyas to 1-1 and keeps them from their first 2-0 start since 1999.
Loss Hard to Defend Ravens Coach Brian Billick said the team needs to improve in all areas after a 27-26 loss to Cincinnati, in which they blew a 17-point.
Bush Remembers 9/11 With Quiet Observance (AP) AP - President Bush marked the "terrible events" of the Sept. 11 attacks with quiet observances of the third anniversary Saturday and a new call to arms against terrorists who might seek to harm the nation.
Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes (AP) AP - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.
Big Explosion Reported in N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked an area in North  Korea near the border with China three days ago and the  accident appears to be much worse than a train blast that  killed at least 170 people in April, Yonhap news agency  reported on Sunday.
Reports May Indicate N.Korea Nuclear Test-NY Times  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Bush administration has received  recent intelligence reports that some experts believe could  indicate North Korea is preparing to conduct its first nuclear  weapons test explosion, The New York Times reported in Sunday  editions.
Man Attacks East China Kindergarten, Wounds 28  BEIJING (Reuters) - Twenty-eight children in eastern China  are in hospital a day after a man wielding a long knife and  homemade bombs attacked them in a kindergarten, officials and  state media said on Sunday.
Dawn blasts shake central Baghdad A series  of explosions rock  Iraq's capital as smoke is seen rising above the zone housing US and Iraqi offices. 
US trade body complies with NAFTA order on US-Canadian lumber &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : The US International Trade Commission (ITC) grudgingly complied with a NAFTA trade ruling and issued a statement saying that the US lumber industry is not threatened by Canadian softwood imports.
Real estate mogul gifts \$100m to Michigan Univ DETROIT: New York real estate mogul Stephen Ross has made a \$100m donation to the University of Michigan, a gift the school hailed as the biggest in its 187-year history.
Chelsea, Villa Draw 0-0 in Premiership; Arsenal Wins (Update1) Chelsea drew 0-0 with Aston Villa in English soccer #39;s Premiership, failing to win for the first time this season. Arsenal kept its 100 percent record with a 3-0 defeat of Fulham to open a two-point lead atop the standings.
NCAA Top 25 Game Summary - Temple at Maryland Washington has scored four of Temple #39;s five touchdowns this season, but has yet to throw for a score...The Owls have lost 19 straight against nationally ranked opponents...Maryland improved to 21-1 at home under head coach Ralph Friedgen.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution For a few hours Friday night, the Braves pushed aside events of a lousy week and got back to playing like a team with aspirations greater that a first-round exit from the playoffs.
'Jeopardy!' Whiz Mum on Rumored Defeat NEW YORK - "Jeopardy!" whiz Ken Jennings is not answering rumors that his streak is up, but he's not denying them either.    After a report posted on TV Week's Web site that the brainy software engineer lost in a show taped Tuesday (that would air this fall), Jennings fielded questions in an interview with Ellen Degeneres on her syndicated talk show...
Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes WASHINGTON - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.   "We are not going to stand by and allow another million African American votes to go uncounted in this election," the Democratic presidential nominee told the Congressional Black Caucus...
Reports May Indicate N.Korea Nuclear Test-NY Times (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration has received\recent intelligence reports that some experts believe could\indicate North Korea is preparing to conduct its first nuclear\weapons test explosion, The New York Times reported in Sunday\editions.
Soldier Sentenced for Iraq Prison Abuse (AP) AP - A U.S. soldier broke down in tears Saturday as he admitted abusing inmates at Abu Ghraib prison, receiving a lighter sentence in return for his testimony against others charged in the scandal.
Colonials Enters Top 25 Two wins over top 15 schools catapults No. 21 George Washington into the top 25 for the first time since 1998 with some newfound respect in tow.
Australia: Second Cell Poised for Indonesia Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Militants behind the deadly\bombing of Australia's Jakarta embassy have a second group\poised for attack, Australia's top policeman warned as Canberra\said on Saturday all its diplomatic missions would be made\bomb-proof.
Retired Judge Wins GOP Del. Gov. Primary (AP) AP - Retired judge Bill Lee, the runner-up in the Republican gubernatorial primary in 2000, won his party's nomination for Delaware governor Saturday, setting up a November showdown with Democratic Gov. Ruth Ann Minner.
Report: Big Explosion Reported in North Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked an area in North  Korea near the border with China three days ago and appeared to  be much bigger than a train blast that killed 170 people in  April, Yonhap news agency reported on Sunday.
Big blast reported in North Korea A big explosion rocked a northern province of  North Korea last week, South Korean media are reporting. 
Ex-banker Quattrone sentenced to 18 months This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Former investment banker Frank Quattrone was sentenced on Wednesday to 18 months in jail 
WRAPUP 3-Cleveland Fed chief says US needs higher rates US interest rates should rise to forestall future price pressures, Cleveland Fed President Sandra Pianalto said on Friday, while conceding that inflation did not pose a major threat now.
UPDATE 2-Open-Kuznetsova overpowers Dementieva in final Svetlana Kuznetsova powered to her first grand slam title by beating fellow Russian Elena Dementieva 6-3 7-5 in the final of the US Open at Flushing Meadows on Saturday.
COL FB: Ohio State 24, Marshall 21 Mike Nugent #39;s 55-yard field goal as time expired Saturday gave the ninth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes a 24-21 win over the Marshall Thundering Herd.
Mayfield races way into Chase with Richmond victory The task was clear for Jeremy Mayfield: Win the race and don #39;t worry about the race to make NASCAR #39;s playoffs. Mission accomplished.
Explosions Rock Baghdad Near U.S. Offices BAGHDAD, Iraq - A series of strong explosions shook central Baghdad near dawn Sunday, and columns of thick black smoke rose from the Green Zone where U.S. and Iraqi government offices are located...
Ramsey Still Adjusting Redskins quarterback Patrick Ramsey is still adjusting to his role in Coach Joe Gibbs ball-control offense that features short passes.
A 'Culture of Impunity' Protects Journalists' Killers 55 members of the media in Philippines have been murdered since the reintroduction of press freedom following the ouster Marcos in 1986.
Cyclones Upset Cavs Curtis Stinson's three-pointer with 18.6 seconds remaining lifts Iowa State over the No. 19 Cavaliers, 81-79, on Monday, despite 40 points from Devin Smith.
No Road To Ruin What #39;s new in this debate is that interest rates have begun to climb: while 30-year mortgages are still below 6 percent, economists predict they #39;ll be at 6.25 by December and higher next year.
Real Issues, Not Rhetoric There may be lots of reasons to vote for John Kerry over George Bush, but  quot;job quality quot; isn #39;t one of them. Kerry has been telling crowds that the country is  quot;shipping jobs 
Venezuelan gov #39;t approves humanitarian aid to Grenada The Venezuelan government approved on Saturday 1 million US dollars in humanitarian relief for Grenada, where at least 24 people were killed and 90 percent of houses damaged by Hurricane Ivan.
Sudan Government #39;s Attacks Stoke Rebels #39; Fury Three skinny urchins, covered in sand from head to toe, arrived here at a base camp of the rebel Sudan Liberation Army the other day.
No. 1 USC Demolishes Colorado St. 49-0 (AP) AP - LenDale White got together with some old friends Saturday night. He had a much better time than they did, gaining 123 yards on 14 carries and scoring a career-high three touchdowns to lead No. 1 Southern California to an overpowering 49-0 victory over Colorado State.
Three U.S. Open Chair Umpires Dismissed (AP) AP - Three U.S. Open chair umpires were dismissed from the tournament after an investigation into their improper handling of credentials at the Olympics.
Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N. Korea (AP) AP - A large explosion occurred in the northern part of North Korea, sending a huge mushroom cloud into the air on an important anniversary of the communist regime, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday.
AL Wrap: Rookie Pair Connect to End A's Losing Streak  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rookies Bobby Crosby and Nick Swisher  belted back-to-back homers in the eighth inning to rally the  Oakland Athletics to a 5-4 win over the Cleveland Indians in  the American League Saturday.
UK central bank leaves rates in place The Bank of England on Thursday left its benchmark interest rate unchanged, at 4.75 percent, as policy makers assessed whether borrowing costs, already the highest in the Group of Seven, are constraining consumer demand.
Home Prices Keep on Soaring  The average home in the United States gained in market value by 9.4 percent from mid-2003 to mid-2004. That increase is more than three times the rate of inflation for goods and services 
Kevin Spacey swings and sings as Bobby Darin in Beyond The Sea TORONTO (CP) - The final frames of Beyond The Sea tell the audience,  quot;Bobby Darin is still swinging. quot;. Not only does the spirit of Darin swing in the film, but so does Kevin Spacey, who wears the many hats 
I know I Can Beat Michael With The Right Car McLaren Mercedes form in the beginning of the Formula 1 season this year was so wretched that an English journalist had vowed to run naked around the Silverstone circuit if McLaren won a race this year.
Mayfield races way into Chase with Richmond victory RICHMOND, Va. Jeremy Mayfield won his first race in over four years, taking the Chevrolet 400 at Richmond International Raceway after leader Kurt Busch ran out of gas eight laps from the finish.
Guzman, Stewart both homer to lead Twins past Tigers 3-2 Cristian Guzman and Shannon Stewart homered to lead the Minnesota Twins over the Detroit Tigers 3-2 on Saturday night. The Tigers lost their two all-stars to knee injuries.
Deserter Returns to Face Charges After 39 Years Nearly 40 years after he allegedly defected to communist North Korea, US Army Sgt. Charles Jenkins was back in uniform Saturday, billeted on this American 
Euro 3 want Iran to allay by November suspicions about its nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Britain, France and Germany are ready to set a November deadline for Iran to ally suspicions it is secretly making nuclear weapons, in a UN draft resolution that brings the Euro 3 closer to the US hard line, diplomats said Saturday.
Iraqis try to lift town #39;s siege TALL AFAR, Sept 11: Hundreds of Iraqis left the trouble spot of Tall Afar, as regional heavyweights initiated contacts with the government on Saturday in a bid to end a US-led operation that has killed at least 50 people.
Japan to propose partial lifting of ban on US beef imports TOKYO : Japan is set to propose the partial lifting of a ban on imports of American beef to United States authorities, a news report said.
Annan does not intend resigning in wake of oil-for-food scandal: interview (AFP) AFP - United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan, under fire for his part in the controversial Iraqi oil-for-food programme, said in an interview with the Financial Times that he did not intend to resign.
Iraq role may have made us a terror target: Australian minister (AFP) AFP - A top minister said that Australia's military involvement in Iraq may have helped make it a terrorist target, three days after a deadly bombing at its Jakarta embassy.
Dawn Blasts and Gunfire Rock Heart of Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - More than a dozen explosions shook  central Baghdad at dawn on Sunday and heavy gunfire erupted in  a street at the heart of the city, leaving a U.S. armored  vehicle on fire, witnesses said.
Big Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked North Korea near  the border with China three days ago, producing a mushroom  cloud that sparked speculation that Pyongyang might have tested  an atomic weapon, Yonhap news agency reported on Sunday.
Do Newspapers Make Good News Look Bad? Two economists argue that economic reporters slant the news unequivocally in favor of the Democrats.
TUC gather ahead of national poll Union delegates gather for the annual TUC conference in Brighton for what could be the last congress before the general election.
Asian Stocks Rise in Week, Led by Samsung Electronics, Hon Hai Asian stocks rose for the third week in four, led by gains among electronics makers such as South Korea #39;s Samsung Electronics Co.
Rangers 10, Blue Jays 7 David Dellucci hit a go-ahead RBI single in the eighth inning, Francisco Cordero earned his 43rd save to match a Rangers record and Texas beat the Toronto Blue Jays 10-7 Saturday night.
Chechen Rebels Mainly Driven by Nationalism Separatists have received support from international Islamic groups, but they remain indigenous and largely self-sustaining.
As Island Death Toll Rises, Winds Gain in Strength Hurricane Ivan continued on Saturday toward Florida, with the Cayman Islands and Cuba immediately in its sights.
US Airways pilots offer last-ditch talks The leadership of the pilots #39; union at US Airways voted late Friday night to hold last-ditch talks with the airline on its bid for wage and benefit cuts.
US gets boost as 2 key reports come in positive WASHINGTON - The economy got a double dose of encouraging news Friday as wholesale prices fell and moderating energy costs helped improve the nation #39;s trade deficit.
Court refuses to pass Halliburton settlement plan A federal judge in Dallas rejected a US\$6 million settlement proposal on Friday in a securities class-action lawsuit against the Halliburton Co, expressing concern that it was neither fair nor adequate.
Kevin Spacey #39;s Darin biopic hits Toronto festival Late music legend Bobby Darin has taken centre stage at the Toronto International Film Festival with the world premiere of  quot;Beyond the Sea, quot; Kevin Spacey #39;s impassioned biopic of the  quot;Mack the Knife quot; singer.
Barca and Real go top in Spainish league England captain David Beckham and former Celtic favourite Henrik Larsson scored winning goals for their respective teams to put Real Madrid and Barcelona on top of the Spanish league.
O, Canada wins in OT Just when it looked like this World Cup of Hockey might be bereft of any entertainment value whatsoever, a terrific game broke out last night at the Air Canada Centre.
Michigan shows confidence in freshman QB Chad Henne #39;s freshman orientation came off largely without a hitch. If his first road trip is as smooth, Michigan could be on its way to a special season.
Dothemath:15stillcontend The final berths for the revolutionary new playoffs will be determined in a deeply traditional way, slam-banging around a short track on a Saturday night.
Hong Kong elections matter Today residents of Hong Kong will go to the polls to participate in what remains of its fragmented and suppressed democratic system.
Russia Warns West Against Meddling in Chechnya Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned the West not to meddle with Russia #39;s Chechnya policy on Wednesday in the wake of a bloody hostage crisis, highlighting a growing rift over the issue between former Cold War foes.
KIDNAPPED ITALIANS: ROME, 4 BIG PICTURES ON CAMPIDOGLIO (AGI) - Rome, Sept. 11 - As of Saturday afternoon the piazza del Campidoglio in Rome displays 4 large photographs of Simona Pari, Simona Torretta and the two kidnapped Iraqis until they will be released.
Big Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N.Korea (Reuters) Reuters - A huge explosion rocked North Korea near\the border with China three days ago, producing a mushroom\cloud that sparked speculation that Pyongyang might have tested\an atomic weapon, Yonhap news agency reported on Sunday.
Wash. Orders 3rd Count in Governor Race (AP) AP - The secretary of state ordered an unprecedented statewide hand recount Monday in the closest gubernatorial race in state history.
Giants Cramming for an Early Test The Giants are not exactly fearing their game in Philadelphia on this first Sunday of the N.F.L. season. In many ways, they relish it.
N.Korea Blast Unlikely to Have Been Atomic-S.Korea Minister  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge blast three days ago in North  Korea was unlikely to have been a nuclear weapons test, South  Korea's unification minister said on Sunday.
Georgia Struggles to Win No. 3-ranked Georgia rallies from 16 points down behind David Greene's 213 yards and two touchdown passes to beat South Carolina, 20-16, on Saturday night.
Hampton Routs Howard Jerome Mathis returned a kickoff for a touchdown and Marqua McDaniel had a punt return for a score to lead Hampton to a 47-14 victory over Howard Saturday night.
Galaxy Beat Earthquakes 2-1 (AP) AP - Sasha Victorine and Arturo Torres scored for Los Angeles, and the Galaxy ended a seven-game winless streak with a 2-1 win over the San Jose Earthquakes on Saturday night.
No. 7 Texas Holds Off Arkansas 22-20 (AP) AP - Cedric Benson rushed for 188 yards and scored two touchdowns and No. 7 Texas took advantage of a late Arkansas fumble deep in Longhorns' territory to hold off the Razorbacks 22-20 on Saturday night.
Rosy outlook from Greenspan fails to sway many economists (AFP) AFP - The upbeat outlook from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has failed to convince many economists, who argue that the United States is likely to see tepid growth at best in the near future.
US AIRWAYS: The FLIERS  amp; STOCKHOLDERS A US Airways bankruptcy would reverberate in airline boardrooms, union halls and hangars around the country. What happens to the tickets you purchased for that fall 
Rosy outlook from Greenspan fails to sway many economists WASHINGTON : The upbeat outlook from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has failed to convince many economists, who argue that the United States is likely to see tepid growth at best in the near future.
Anatomy of a circulation fabrication  quot;They gave the auditors the actual street corners where the hawkers were selling the papers so they could see that the actual papers were being sold, quot; said an agent who witnessed the hawker operation.
The End User: Bluetooth now lives up to hype PARIS When I first heard the word Bluetooth in 1998, the page-one editor of this newspaper asked for my studied opinion as to whether it was  quot;a big deal.
Chelsea #39;s perfect start ended Chelsea dropped its first points of the season when it was held to a goalless draw by a combative Aston Villa side at Villa Park yesterday.
Ivan swirls through Caribbean Hurricane Ivan has strengthened to a Category 5 storm after battering the island of Jamaica with heavy rain and strong winds, killing 11 people.
Intelligence soldier pleads guilty in US Abu Ghraib abuses The first US military intelligence soldier brought to court in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal yesterday pleaded guilty to two charges of conspiracy and mistreatment of Iraqi detainees, witnesses said.
Hong Kong Holding Legislative Elections After a campaign marred by scandal and alleged intimidation, the people of Hong Kong voted Sunday under gray skies in legislative elections that could give pro-democracy 
US wonders if North Korea is preparing for nuclear test WASHINGTON : The US intelligence community is in the grip of an internal debate on whether new data on North Korea should be interpreted as a sign the country is preparing for its first nuclear weapons test, US administration officials said.
Thatcher can  #39;easily #39; prove he was not involved in coup plot &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sir Mark Thatcher will  quot;easily quot; be able to prove he had nothing to do with an alleged coup plot in the oil-rich west African state of Equatorial Guinea, his lawyer said yesterday, despite the jailing of his close friend Simon Mann on arms charges.
Hong Kong voters expected in record numbers for legislative poll (AFP) AFP - Voters began casting their ballots in Hong Kong's legislative elections, considered a test of feeling towards the city's authoritarian rulers in Beijing following a year of political strife here.
On His Way to 700, Bonds Keeps Walking Barry Bonds set a record Saturday night that no one cared to see. For the 199th time this season, he took ball four.
West Virginia spoils O #39;Leary #39;s UCF debut Proving that he is willing to try anything to turn around UCF #39;s downtrodden football program, George O #39;Leary made a dramatic change at quarterback Saturday in his first game as head coach.
Finland stuns US with two late goals Before Friday night #39;s semifinal in the World Cup of Hockey, coach Raimo Summanen of Finland and coach Ron Wilson of the US discussed different opponents.
Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N. Korea SEOUL, South Korea - A large explosion occurred in the northern part of North Korea, sending a huge mushroom cloud into the air on an important anniversary of the communist regime, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday.    The Yonhap news agency, citing an unidentified source in Beijing, said the explosion happened Thursday in Yanggang province near the border with China...
Fund Report: Capital Group belies its age with a late growth spurt At 73 years of age, with half a trillion dollars already to manage, the Capital Group Companies #39; American Funds have lately caught a second wind.
Miami plays nice An approaching hurricane failed to faze the Tennessee Titans, and the Miami Dolphins offense didnt give them much trouble, either.
Suicide trio  #39;carried out attack #39; Police suspect the bomb attack on the Australian embassy in Indonesia was a suicide operation and that up to three militants may have died in the blast, a senior commander said.
The Holes in a  #39;Shia Strategy #39; Trends in Iraq seem to be moving in two different directions these days. The guerrilla war between the United States and insurgents continues, with mounting clashes and casualties.
Religious Forum in Indonesia Aims to Blunt Radicals President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia, the world #39;s most populous Muslim nation, on Monday called on all religions to rise up against terrorism and show that faith could be a force for peace.
President? Forget It. Who Should Win the Corner Office? ook at it this way: Workers pay taxes, taxes finance government, and the president heads the government. So, like it or not, you are working for the president for part of each day.
OPEC Cartel Faces Dilemma As Oil Prices Fluctuate Early last summer, OPEC looked as though it had successfully absorbed tremendous shocks to the oil market a strike in Venezuela, ethnic clashes in Nigeria, attacks on foreign workers in Saudi Arabia, a war in Iraq.
An Unlikely Champion Open-source geeks are devout in their belief that software should be free to all, and hold as their icon the Linux alternative to the Microsoft commercial empire.
Biometric visa program is a victim of its own success, report says The State Departments rollout of technology to capture biometric data from visa applicants has progressed more quickly than expected and the department will meet its Sept.
NFL: Dolphins go nowhere From sending running back Travis Minor out wide on the game #39;s first play to new tailback Lamar Gordon being forced into action, the Dolphins exhausted their playbook with futile results.
Overwhelmed UCF no match for West Virginia ORLANDO - Missing: The University of Central Florida football team #39;s defense. If found, please contact head coach George O #39;Leary.
Tigers lose game, two All-Stars The Tigers fell again to a manufactured Minnesota run Saturday night, but what they needed more was manufactured health. While the Tigers lost a 3-2 decision to the Twins 
For Now, Merchants Cast Lot With a New Iraq The transition has been hazardous for poor Iraqis, but members of Iraq's merchant class face risks of their own.
Fed Reserve president expects gradual rise in interest rates The recent slowdown in growth and higher oil prices probably won #39;t stop interest rates from rising, a senior Federal Reserve official said yesterday.
US forces global passport change The US Department of Homeland Security has announced an important change that will affect many Canadian residents who travel on passports from other countries.
Peterson, BC rip Penn State, improve Sure, there was a quarterback controversy at Boston College. Nothing new there. Head coach Tom O #39;Brien had two choices, two seniors, Paul Peterson or Quinton Porter.
McKenzie: Give the Czechs credit There #39;s little question that the Czechs were the better team in their World Cup of Hockey semifinal game against Canada on Saturday.
Red Sox hammer M #39;s 9-0 SEATTLE - Bronson Arroyo pitched seven shutout innings, and Manny Ramirez and Mark Bellhorn homered, leading the Boston Red Sox to an 9-0 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday night.
Opponents of the War, but Targets All the Same The shock here was not just from the awful fact itself, that two vibrant young Italian women were kidnapped in Iraq, dragged from their office by attackers who, it seems, knew their names.
HK Votes in Close Poll, Focus on More Democracy  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong residents voted on Sunday  in a legislative election seen as a referendum on greater  democracy and a test of popularity for China's communist rulers  in the former British colony.
Wall Street #39;s  quot;Teasing Gains quot; The market has had a nice little rally of late. A real push to higher levels, however, won #39;t happen until several hurdles are cleared.
Builders put energy into being efficient  quot;Feel that breeze? quot; Sargent said. The draft #39;s cooling effect didn #39;t happen by accident. Sargent pointed out large casement windows that swing out, catching the prevailing southern winds, and 
IBM opens Linux center in Brazil IBM Corp. will spend more than \$1 million to help fund a Linux technology center in Brazil. The center, created in conjunction with the Brazilian government 
Microsoft extends SP2 auto-update blocker Microsoft is doubling the number of months that corporate customers can block automatic delivery of Windows XP Service Pack 2. The company on Tuesday altered its policy for preventing the automatic download 
Lecavalier lifts Canada Its too bad a lockout is days away in the NHL. Hockey like Saturdays dramatic 4-3 Canadian victory over the Czech Republic displays the sport at its best.
White Sox 13, Angels 6 Paul Konerko singled, doubled, scored twice and drove in three runs -- all during an eight-run second inning -- and the Chicago White Sox went on to a 13-6 victory over the Anaheim Angels on Saturday night.
(17) Utah 23 Arizona 6 TUCSON, Ariz. Alex Smith passed for two scores 17th-ranked Utah held Arizona without a touchdown in a 23-to-6 victory. The 2-and-0 Utes protected their highest poll position since they finished the 1993 season ranked eighth.
Indonesia police re-enact Jakarta bombing Indonesia police have re-enacted fragments of the suicide bombing that killed nine people in front of the Australian embassy in Jakarta three days ago, displaying the position where a mini-van exploded at the scene.
European trio sets Iran deadline to meet UN anti-nuke demands Germany, France and Britain have agreed to set a November deadline for Iran to meet UN demands to clear up concerns that the country is covertly trying to make nuclear weapons, a diplomatic source said here Saturday.
HK Votes in Close Poll, Focus on More Democracy Hong Kong residents voted on Sunday in a legislative election seen as a referendum on greater democracy and a test of popularity for China #39;s communist rulers in the former British colony.
Iraqi, Italian Leaders Discuss Hostage Crisis Iraq #39;s interim president held talks with the Italian prime minister in Rome Friday, as Italy is working on several fronts to try to secure the release of two Italian aid workers taken hostage in Baghdad.
Sabre rattling stopped for now China #39;s recent decision to cancel a military exercise, followed a few days later by a similar announcement from Taiwan, offered the first ray of hope in months that relations were on the mend.
El Duque Unbeaten As Yanks Down Orioles (AP) AP - Unbeaten Orlando Hernandez pitched seven innings of five-hit ball to win his eighth straight decision, and the New York Yankees beat Sidney Ponson and the Baltimore Orioles 5-2 Saturday.
AL Wrap: Rookie Pair End A's Losing Streak  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rookies Bobby Crosby and Nick Swisher  belted back-to-back homers in the eighth inning to rally the  Oakland Athletics to a 5-4 win over the Cleveland Indians in  the American League Saturday.
Windows Media Center 2005 to support high def TV ACCORDING TO Microsoft represetatives at IDF last week, it #39;s very likely that the upcoming release of Windows Media Center 2005 will support high defination televison signals.
Back to reality There was a little less than five minutes left when receiver Gerald Smith threw his helmet down in frustration on the Penn State sideline.
Blasts and Fighting in Baghdad Kill at Least 8  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - Strong explosions shook central  Baghdad at dawn on Sunday and heavy fighting erupted in a  street notorious as a rebel stronghold, in violence that killed  at least eight Iraqis, the U.S. army and witnesses said.
Unofficial Delaware Gov. Primary Returns (AP) AP - The latest, unofficial returns in the Republican primaries for Governor in Delaware. The winner is marked by an 'x'.
Rule number one: Be sure to save enough I feel that I #39;ve lost track of my 401(k) savings. I am 43 years old, earn \$115,000 annually, and usually receive a pay increase of about 4 percent annually 
Imagining Toyland Without One of Its Giants LABOR DAY weekend at the Wal-Mart here was a great shopping scene for children. As they pushed carts brimming with new notebooks, clothes and shoes through the aisles, they got a small preview 
STORM-BASHED FLORIDIANS COULD BLOW AGAINST BUSH President Bush may face a political hurricane in November if frustrated Floridians turn disaster into votes, experts say. The Sunshine State will be paying a lot 
Producer prices post surprise August drop Producer prices dropped unexpectedly last month as energy price gains eased and the cost of food and vehicles fell, according to a government report on Friday that showed inflation pressures fading.
Power People It #39;s not hard to imagine corporate executives treating Terry Penney #39;s ideas with skepticism. Penney, an engineering manager at the US government #39;s National 
Loan foreclosures stop climb, but still top figures from 2003 For the first time in two years, the percentage of loans in foreclosure in Colorado has quit rising, perhaps signaling a turnaround in the state economy.
Employment by Dogma? Lay Teachers Are Testing the Roman Catholic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; he Roman Catholic Church has a long history of supporting the rights of workers in fields and factories around the world. But in Brooklyn and Queens, teachers at five Catholic schools insist 
NASA #39;s Satellite Photo of Hurricane Ivan Summary - (Sep 11, 2004) NASA #39;s Terra satellite took this photograph of Hurricane Ivan as it roared past the island of Jamaica on Saturday.
PREVIEW-Open-History, records on line in men #39;s final History, records and the small matter of a grand slam title will be on the line when world number one Roger Federer takes on former champion Lleyton Hewitt in the final of the US Open later on Sunday.
Roundup: Canada #39;s Weir increases his lead The only birdie putt Mike Weir made yesterday in the Canadian Open came at a good time, a 6-footer on the 18th hole that gave him a three-shot lead and left him 
Cup veteran Love sure to be future US captain Davis Love, the man with the elegant swing and demeanor to match, is the most experienced member of the US Ryder Cup team. Love, 40, has been a mainstay for the Americans 
Notre Dame sure can pick  #39;em It takes a lion #39;s share of guts and bravado to provoke Michigan #39;s receiving corps, especially for a defensive back without any career interceptions.
Dolphins can #39;t get started When the Tennessee Titans were forced to start the season 24 hours early because of Hurricane Ivan, their defense was ready. Unfazed by the scrambled 
Ball Notes - Yankees 5, Orioles 2: At Baltimore, Orlando Hernandez pitched seven innings of five-hit ball to become the first Yankees starter to open the season 8-0 since Bob Wickman in 1993.
Full steam ahead Former Red Sox righthander Carl Mays died in 1971, the year Pedro Martinez, Kevin Millar, and Bill Mueller were born. When Mays died, Manny Ramirez was but a twinkle in his parents #39; eyes.
Charlotte stops Lynx to rise to top in East A record-setting start against Minnesota put the Charlotte Sting alone atop the Eastern Conference. Tammy Sutton-Brown added 10 points for the Sting, who beat the Lynx 
Abu Ghraib prison hit by car bomb A car bomb detonated outside the gates of Abu Ghraib prison, killing one militant, the military said. The attack occurred when a vehicle tried to crash through the prison #39;s protective gate, said Lt.
Many suicide bombers out there, #39; Indonesian police warn JAKARTA, Indonesia Indonesian police have warned residents to expect more suicide attacks in the capital after a truck bombing Thursday killed nine people and wounded more than 170.
Huge explosion in North Korea last week SEOUL : A huge explosion rocked North Korea #39;s northern inland province of Ryanggang last week, triggering a mushroom cloud at least two miles in radius, South Korea #39;s Yonhap news agency said Sunday.
Another shocker for Fresno St. In 2001, Fresno State made a run at breaking into the BCS by beating big-name teams. Their 45-21 upset of No. 13 Kansas State yesterday was its second win over a team 
Grief turns to anger in dark Beslan The Russian military yesterday extended its offer of a \$10 million reward for information leading to the capture of two separatist leaders who, the Kremlin claims, were behind the Beslan massacre.
Nader: Social Ills Deadlier Than Terror (AP) AP - Independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader told supporters Saturday that a far larger number of Americans die each year from poverty, hunger, pollution, dangerous jobs or poor access to high-quality health care than terrorism.
State on track for biometrics State Department officials will meet a fall deadline for a congressionally mandated program for issuing visas with biometric indicators, but a Government Accountability Office report indicated that federal officials haven #39;t provided comprehensive 
Arsenal grabs controversial win, United #39;s struggles continue London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal stretched its unbeaten run to 45 games in a controversial 3-0 win at Fulham Saturday. Fulham outplayed heavily favored Arsenal for much of the first half, and appeared 
The  #39;Chase #39; brings new drama to NASCAR Saturday #39;s Chevy Rock  amp; Roll 400 at RIR was the season #39;s 26th event, the last chance for drivers to qualify for the 10-race Chase, NASCAR #39;s version of team-sport playoffs.
Titans defense keys win over Dolphins An approaching hurricane failed to faze the Tennessee Titans, and the Miami Dolphins #39; offense didn #39;t give them much trouble, either.
Phillies overcome 4-run deficit in win NEW YORK - David Bell #39;s second home run of the game broke a 13th-inning tie, and the Philadelphia Phillies overcame a four-run deficit Saturday in an 11-9 win over the New York Mets.
British Caymans braced for Ivan The British Cayman Islands are preparing for the arrival of Hurricane Ivan after it devastated Jamaica, claiming at least 14 lives.
BAGHDAD #39;S US ZONE ROCKED BY MORTARS September 12, 2004 -- BAGHDAD - Strong explosions shook central Baghdad late last night and fighting erupted on a major street in the heart of the city near the US-guarded Green Zone.
Beijing Asked for Deal on Gando #39; China asked South Korea to promise it will not stake a claim on Gando, a disputed region north of the North Korean border, when it held talks with Seoul last month to patch up the history dispute 
Stage set for perfectionist Langer London: Meticulous preparation and attention to detail will characterise Bernhard Langers captaincy when his European team defend the Ryder Cup against the US at Oakland Hills next week.
Mayfield in for Chase, Kahne out Jeremy Mayfield last night earned a spot in NASCAR #39;s new Chase for the Championship the old-fashioned way. Down to his last chance and with the pressure on, the former Fairgrounds 
Bonds walks to new mark Barry Bonds broke his major league record for walks in a season and rookie Noah Lowry allowed four hits in seven innings plus last night in the San Francisco Giants 
Major League Baseball News Heading into extra innings on Saturday, both the Phillies and Mets collected nine runs on 11 hits, a fitting tribute on what became an otherwise bizarre day at Shea Stadium.
US Says N.Korea Blast Unlikely to Have Been Nuclear  SEOUL, South Korea (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked  North Korea three days ago but U.S. and South Korean officials  said on Sunday it was unlikely to have been a nuclear weapons  test despite a report the blast produced a mushroom cloud.
Blasts, Clashes in Central Baghdad Kill at Least 22  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - Strong explosions shook central  Baghdad at dawn on Sunday and heavy fighting erupted in a  street notorious as a rebel stronghold, in violence that killed  at least 22 Iraqis, the U.S. army and witnesses said.
They #39;re mum on the issues that matter most President George W. Bush indicates that democracy is just around the corner in Iraq yet daily reports say the more likely event there is a spiral downward toward civil war.
Group can do little to increase production or drive down costs Ministers for the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries are gathering in Vienna on Wednesday to grapple with whipsawing prices and the world #39;s seemingly insatiable demand for oil.
Producer Prices Drop, Trade Gap Narrows US producer prices dropped unexpectedly last month as the cost of gasoline plunged and prices of food and vehicles fell, according to a government report on Friday that showed inflation pressures under wraps.
Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war  over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and  called for measures to curb such groups.
Microsoft Extends SP2 Blocking (Article Central) Microsoft has doubled the time that businesses can block Windows XP Service Pack 2 from downloading automatically, giving them until next April to test the update.
Schilling focused on 20th SEATTLE -- So, Curt Schilling , what do you do after you reach the threshold of your third 20-win season in four years and your first for the Red Sox, who signed you out of junior college 18 years earlier?
US SOLDIER JAILED FOR IRAQI ABUSE A US soldier was yesterday jailed for eight months after pleading guilty to abusing Iraqi prisoners. Armin Cruz forced naked inmates to crawl along the floor and handcuffed them together at the notorious Abu Ghraib prison.
Turnovers a treat for Maine Maine had five interceptions in a 38-0 victory over Northern Colorado last night, returning two of the pickoffs for touchdowns.
UNH deflates Rutgers Redshirt freshman Ricky Santos of Bellingham threw for 385 yards and a school-record five touchdowns to help Division 1-AA New Hampshire spoil Rutgers's season of great expectations with a 35-24 victory last night at Piscataway, N.J.
Benson, Longhorns hold on FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. -- Cedric Benson rushed for 188 yards and scored two touchdowns and No. 7 Texas took advantage of a late Arkansas fumble deep in Longhorns' territory to hold off the Razorbacks, 22-20, last night.
Boilermakers have a ball WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- Kyle Orton threw for a career-high five touchdowns and ran for another to lead No. 25 Purdue to a 59-7 win over Ball State yesterday.
Dusenberry loves living in fast lane Usually, a teen driver learns how to shift a manual transmission in an empty parking lot or on a dead-end street. Marblehead race car driver Matt Dusenberry learned on a racetrack. It took the 17-year-old a few laps around Seekonk Speedway to learn how to get his 1980 Chevrolet Camaro into gear, but since then he's gotten up to speed ...
Another record-setting day for Bentley's Eddy Marc Eddy threw three touchdown passes in Bentley's 42-7 Northeast-10 victory over American International yesterday in Springfield, breaking or tying school, New England, and national records in the process.
Toreros win fight to finish WORCESTER -- Holy Cross's first meeting with San Diego, last year, was a wild one out West, won by the Toreros, 46-45, in double overtime.
Fla. St. coughed it up MIAMI -- Although Chris Rix's fumble overshadowed Xavier Beitia's blocked field goal, Florida State coach Bobby Bowden will remember them both.
Buckeyes give Marshall boot COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Mike Nugent's 55-yard field goal as time expired gave ninth-ranked Ohio State a 24-21 victory over Marshall yesterday.
Freshman mixer SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Notre Dame found a familiar way to make its problems go away -- beat Michigan.
Virginia grinds down UNC CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. -- Wali Lundy scored three touchdowns and Marquis Weeks returned a kickoff 100 yards against North Carolina for the second time in three years to give No. 15 Virginia a 56-24 victory yesterday.
Gophers get carried away MINNEAPOLIS -- Marion Barber III and Laurence Maroney each surpassed 100 yards rushing for the fifth time in 15 games, and No. 22 Minnesota fought off Illinois State in an unimpressive 37-21 victory yesterday.
Colgate given the brushoff AMHERST -- Revenge was the theme of the night when the University of Massachusetts hosted Colgate at McGuirk Stadium last night.
Sooners don't sweat NORMAN, Okla. -- Jason White threw for 257 yards and two touchdowns, Antonio Perkins tied an NCAA record with his eighth career punt return for a score, and No. 2 Oklahoma cruised to a 63-13 victory over Houston last night. Following a 3-yard touchdown run by Jackie Battle for Houston (0-2) on its opening drive, the Sooners scored touchdowns on ...
Syria, PLO mend ties, seek coordination on Israel Syria and the Palestine Liberation Organisation opened a new chapter in their often turbulent ties today, saying they wanted to coordinate their efforts to make peace with Israel.
LSU shapes up in mismatch BATON ROUGE, La. -- Sixth-ranked Louisiana State showed no sign of the struggle that left it scrambling to beat Oregon State in overtime in its opener, rolling up 461 total yards and scoring on its first six possessions last night to blast Arkansas State, 53-3.Marcus Randall started for the Tigers (2-0) and completed 5 of 7 for 59 yards and ...
Cal's Arrington in the zone BERKELEY, Calif. -- J.J. Arrington ran for 177 yards and three touchdowns, and Aaron Rodgers completed 20 of 26 passes for 260 yards and two scores in No. 12 California's 41-14 victory over New Mexico State last night.
Huskies fail to make Division 1-A Navy blue ANNAPOLIS, Md. -- In recent years, Division 1-AA teams that have lost close games to lower-echelon 1-A programs have scoffed at talk of moral victories. Therefore, it wasn't surprising yesterday to see Northeastern players disappointed after losing to Navy, 28-24.
Gators pour it on in opener GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw for 244 yards and three touchdowns in the rain yesterday, leading No. 11 Florida to a 49-10 rout of Eastern Michigan in the Gators' delayed season opener. Ciatrick Fason rushed for 105 yards and two TDs, while DeShawn Wynn, O.J. Small, Dallas Baker, Billy Latsko, and Skyler Thornton all scored once for Florida. The ...
Hoosiers pull off the upset EUGENE, Ore. -- Matt LoVecchio threw for a touchdown and BenJarvus Green-Ellis ran for 91 yards and another score to lead Indiana to a 30-24 upset of No. 24 Oregon last night.
Tech tips Clemson in OT CLEMSON, S.C. -- Reggie Ball threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson with 11 seconds left to give Georgia Tech a 28-24 win over No. 20 Clemson last night.
USC pitches shutout the second-longest active winning streak among Division 1-A schools behind Boise State's 13. Matt Leinart completed 20 of 31 passes for 231 yards and two touchdowns without being intercepted, leaving the game for good late in the third quarter. He has passed for two or more TDs in 14 straight games. The Rams (0-2) hadn't been blanked since losing to ...
Iowa weathers Cyclones IOWA CITY, Iowa -- Ed Hinkel made a diving, fingertip catch for a key touchdown and No. 16 Iowa stiffened on defense when it needed to most to beat Iowa State, 17-10, yesterday.
Terrapins too tough COLLEGE PARK, Md. -- Joel Statham completed 18 of 25 passes for 268 yards and two touchdowns in No. 23 Maryland's 45-22 victory over Temple last night, the Terrapins' 12th straight win at Byrd Stadium.
There's no stopping McLaughlin, Woburn SWAMPSCOTT -- Woburn prepared all week to defend against Swampscott's aerial offense. The Big Blue trained all week to defend against Woburn backs Mike McLaughlin and Tom Hart.
It's no easy task for Notre Dame Notre Dame of Hingham , often among the top girls' soccer programs in EMass, expected to compete for the Division 1 title this season. The Cougars didn't expect that they'd begin the season with a new coach.
Tough trio intends to stick it out The fearsome threesome of North Andover , Watertown , and Amesbury will again prove that the Division 2 label doesn't indicate second-rate field hockey.
38 straight for A-B ACTON -- Lucky, good, whatever. En route to consecutive win No. 38, a 14-9 victory over Marshfield last night, Acton-Boxboro needed good fortune and talent.