Into the danger zone AUSTRALIA #39;S involvement in Iraq and terrorism strikes in Southeast Asia have made defence and national security potentially decisive issues for voters as polling day nears.
US ends its final drought The US swept into the Davis Cup final for the first time in seven years when Bob and Mike Bryan crushed Max Mirnyi and Vladimir Voltchkov of Belarus to give the host an unassailable 3-0 lead in the semi-final.
Windies discover a sting in the tail Ian Bradshaw, left, and Courtney Browne celebrate their matchwinning 71-run ninth-wicket stand. Photo: Reuters. Brian Lara #39;s West Indies held their nerve in near darkness to beat England by 
Los Angeles Dodgers Team Report - September 26 (Sports Network) - The Dodgers will try to win their three-game series against arch-rival San Francisco and increase their narrow 1 1/2-contest lead in the standings today at SBC Park.
Forest say farewell to legend Clough  #39;Ol #39; Blue Eyes #39; provided an emotional musical tribute to  #39;Old Big  #39;Ead #39; as Nottingham Forest celebrated the remarkable life of Brian Clough ahead of today #39;s game with West Ham.
British Party Meeting to Focus on Iraq War Description: NPR #39;s Jennifer Ludden talks with Colin Brown, deputy political editor of Britain #39;s newspaper The Independent, about the upcoming Labour Party Conference in Brighton.
One goal enough for Arsenal, Chelsea Arsenal has retained its two-point lead at the top of the English Premier League on a day when, of the 16 teams in action, only Liverpool and Newcastle United scored more than once.
Forest snatch late winner as fans pay tribute to Clough Substitute striker Marlon King scored in the final seconds to give second division Nottingham Forest a 2-1 win over West Ham United on Sunday, as fans and players paid tribute to late Forest manager Brian Clough.
Rick Weaver The Steelers and Miami Dolphins are in a tough spot. So is the National Football League. Today #39;s scheduled game at Pro Player Stadium was rescheduled tonight at 8:30 pm because of the expected arrival of Hurricane Jeanne.
N. Korea said likely improving technology TOKYO -- North Korea is likely improving its missile technology, and recent signs that it may be preparing to test a ballistic missile are troubling, a top US military official said Sunday.
Haitians go to church after Jeanne passes Surrounded by the devastation of a storm that killed hundreds of their countrymen, Haitians took time to groom themselves for church Sunday, braiding little girls #39; hair and polishing shoes.
UK aid planes head out to Haiti Two aircraft are flying out from the UK on Sunday to deliver vital aid and supplies to Haiti, which has been devastated by tropical storm Jeanne.
Hewitt, at Age 23, Gets Australian Record Davis Cup Tennis Win Lleyton Hewitt beat Morocco #39;s Mehdi Tahiri in straight sets to become Australia #39;s most successful singles player in 104 years of Davis Cup tennis, passing the mark of 24 wins he shared with Adrian Quist.
ND #39;s victory adds up Every win satisfies him, but Notre Dame #39;s 38-3 thrashing of Washington on Saturday carried special significance. For the first time in six tries as a head coach, he defeated the Huskies.
Attackers Detonate Car Bombs in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 26, 2004 - Suicide attackers exploded a pair of car bombs outside an Iraqi National Guard compound west of the capital Sunday, wounding American and Iraqi forces, and the US military 
Organic Farming Studied As Demand Rises (AP) AP - Organic farming sounds simple  #151; no chemical fertilizers, pesticides, herbicides or genetically engineered plants. But succeeding at it can be complicated. A recent wave of research at universities around the country seeks to take some of the guesswork and financial uncertainty out of the practice.
Bomb Alert Prompts Greek Plane to Land in London (Reuters) Reuters - A bomb alert prompted a Greek Olympic\passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at London's\Stansted Airport on Sunday, an airport spokesman said.
Bomb Alert Prompts Greek Plane to Land in London  LONDON (Reuters) - A bomb alert prompted a Greek Olympic  passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at London's  Stansted Airport on Sunday, an airport spokesman said.
U.S. Air Attacks in Falluja Kill 15 in 24 Hours  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft blasted the rebel  stronghold of Falluja for a third time in 24 hours in a  concerted effort to hit militants loyal to guerrilla chief Abu  Musab al-Zarqawi, Washington's number one enemy in Iraq.
Swiss 'reject' citizenship reform Swiss voters appear to have rejected proposals to relax the country's strict  naturalisation laws.
Italy criticises Germany's UN bid Germany's drive for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council threatens EU unity, Italy's foreign minister says.
Postcards from the Grander Canyon As the largest feature of its kind in the solar system, the martian canyon, Valles Marineris, stretches an equivalent terrestrial distance from New York to Los Angeles. But getting a robotic explorer down into the canyon floor challenges even the most intrepid of navigators.
Attackers Detonate Car Bombs in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - Suicide attackers exploded a pair of car bombs outside an Iraqi National Guard compound west of the capital Sunday, wounding American and Iraqi forces, and the U.S. military announced the arrest of a senior Iraqi commander for alleged ties to the insurgency...
Pope Denounces 'Imbalance' of Wealth CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy - Pope John Paul II denounced the "imbalance" between the world's rich and poor Sunday and applauded efforts to eliminate hunger, like the recent U.N. initiative to increase funds for development...
Swiss Voters Reject Citizenship Proposal GENEVA - Voters in Switzerland - where more than one in five is a foreigner - rejected proposals to liberalize tough rules on citizenship in a national referendum Sunday.    In an outcome revealing the deep divide between the country's French- and more conservative German-speaking regions, two government-backed plans failed to win support in a majority of the Alpine country's 26 cantons, or states, official results showed by early afternoon...
Williams Claims First Title in 6 Months BEIJING - Serena Williams erased a match point in the second set and came all the way back to beat U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova 4-6, 7-5, 6-4 Sunday at the China Open for her first title in six months...
Men and Women More Different Than Thought Beyond the tired cliches and sperm-and-egg basics taught in grade school science class, researchers are discovering that men and women are even more different than anyone realized.
Jeanne leaves at least 1.1 million without power More than 1 million households and businesses across Florida Power  amp; Light Co. #39;s area don #39;t have electricity because of Hurricane Jeanne, FPL said Sunday morning.
Acid Rain Pollution Up 4 Percent in 2003 Emissions of sulfur dioxide, which causes acid rain, rose 4 percent in 2003, but probably will not compromise long-term air quality goals, the government reported Wednesday.
Britons #39; mission to free Bigley PLEAS for the life of the lone British hostage in Iraq, Ken Bigley, redoubled last night as American troops continued their assault on the  quot;Sunni triangle quot; and on the quarters of Baghdad where the hostage-takers have their strongholds.
Four held under terror laws Police say they are holding four men under anti-terrorism legislation after a tip-off from a newspaper, which said the suspects tried to buy explosives for a dirty bomb.
Russians hunt down potential  #39;black widows #39; AFTER surviving nearly a decade of savage, seemingly interminable warfare in Chechnya without seeing any of her four children come to harm, Khalimat Saidullayeva thought the worst was over.
Israeli PM on offensive JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants before a planned withdrawal from Gaza Strip.
Winemaker Mondavi Plans an About-Face  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - One of the great names in  California quality wines wants to sell off the vineyards that  made it famous and devote itself to producing the mass-produced  wines it once mocked.
Index funds can be great tool for small investors, but choose &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If youve got better things to do than pour over the finer points of your stock portfolio and you dont care to study the performance records and investing styles of mutual 
Laxman, Dravid main threat, says Hayden He talks about playing cricket in India with passion. In the same vein, he also speaks about India #39;s cricket fans. That #39;s because the spectators, who wait in the aisles, at the doorsteps of stadiums, to catch 
Bomb Alert Prompts Greek Plane to Land in London A bomb alert prompted a Greek Olympic passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at London #39;s Stansted Airport on Sunday, an airport spokesman said.
Barrichello wins Chinese Grand Prix Rubens Barrichello clinched second place in Formula One on Sunday when he won the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix by edging Jenson Button by about a second.
Green Bay vs. Indianapolis INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Peyton Manning and Brett Favre duel for the second and perhaps last time Sunday when the Indianapolis Colts stage their home opener against the Green Bay Packers in an interconference matchup.
Hamas threatens to target Israelis abroad GAZA, Gaza Strip - The Palestinian militant group Hamas threatened today to target Israelis abroad after blaming Israel for the killing of a Hamas official in Syria.
Plane diverted after security alert An Olympic Airlines flight from Athens to New York was diverted Sunday to London  quot;on a full emergency, quot; a spokeswoman for London #39;s Stansted Airport said.
Saudi  #39;terrorists #39; kill Frenchman It was the second such killing this month by suspected al-Qaeda militants, who are trying to drive Westerners out and destabilise the global oil superpower.
British police arrest four in terror bomb plot Police in London have arrested four men and foiled a terror plot after a tip off from a London tabloid newspaper. The information to police was supplied by the News of the World, the Sunday tabloid which is Britain #39;s largest-selling newspaper.
Iran To Deal With Europe, Not US, Over Nuke Program 26 September 2004-- Iran says it is not planning to negotiate with the United States over its nuclear program, choosing instead to invite Europe to the discussion table.
Spending spree will drive up rates: Latham MARK Latham attacked yesterday #39;s Coalition policy launch as a  quot;willy-nilly quot; spending spree aimed at buying votes, which would drive up interest rates.
 #39;Scorpion Queen #39; reclaims her crown Kuala Lumpur - A Malaysian woman has overcome 17 scorpion stings to set a new world record by spending 36 days in a glass cage with 6 069 of the poisonous arachnids.
Coles eyes financial planning services COLES Myer chief executive John Fletcher wants to expand the retail giant #39;s customer offering to include financial planning services.
Credit still a mystery to most NEW YORK - Americans are woefully ignorant about credit scores, a consumer group found, even though these measures of credit risk affect everything from the interest people pay on mortgages to whether they qualify for insurance.
Calling for Ballot Reform - One Hunger Striker and a Chimpanzee If Congress doesn #39;t pass the Federal Paper Ballot Emergency Act, and soon, John Kenney might die. Washington, DC - Scripps Howard Foundation Wire - Kenney, 44, is on a hunger strike seeking 
Serena comes back from brink to win China Open off a championship point before claiming a gritty 4-6 7-5 6-4 victory over Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova in the final of the China Open on Sunday.
TRESCOTHICK: WE ARE A TEAM OF FIGHTERS England will go into their winter break with Marcus Trescothick predicting their one-day line-up can bounce back from the heartbreak of their ICC Champions Trophy final defeat.
Philadelphia vs. Detroit DETROIT (Ticker) -- Terrell Owens enjoyed the finest moment of his career with Steve Mariucci as his coach. He also endured one of his most bizarre moments under Mariucci.
Restructured Air Canada leaves CCAA Shares of the newly restructured Air Canada are set to take off after the airline emerges from creditor protection this week with an improved balance sheet, lower operating costs and an eye on the international market after 18 months under court 
CFO praises NASA financial system Not even an incoming storm can keep NASA #39;s accountants from doing their job, thanks to the space agency #39;s financial management system.
Serena, Kuznetsova Reach WTA Beijing Final, Zvonareva Cries Out It was the US Open all over again Saturday at the WTA stop in Beijing: Serena Williams and Svetlana Kuznetsova working their way toward the final, and Russian Vera Zvonareva breaking down in tears during her match.
Heras wins Spanish Vuelta again Roberto Heras of Spain won his second straight Spanish Vuelta, one of cycling #39;s top races. Heras, who also captured this event in 2000, finished fourth in Sunday #39;s final leg, an 18-mile time trial in Madrid.
IRAN CLAIMS SUCCESSFUL TEST OF STRATEGIC MISSILE NICOSIA MENL -- Iran has claimed the successful test of an unidentified strategic missile believed to be the Shihab-3. Iranian Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani said the missile was fired during the Ashura-5 exercise in mid-September.
Australia #39;s Howard Pledges to Keep Troops in Iraq Australian Prime Minister John Howard has launched his campaign for next month #39;s election, promising to keep Australian troops in Iraq as long as necessary and to increase government spending on education.
Russia -- Between Terror And Corruption President Vladimir Putin has taken advantage of the political climate following the tragic school hostage taking in Beslan earlier this month to accelerate his longstanding political course toward increased authoritarianism.
Mercedes pins hopes on Sports Tourers The world premiere of the Mercedes Sports Tourer models is the latest step in a lengthy process that has transformed the German car maker from a producer of selective luxury models, to one which competes in all market segments.
Record-tying Vuelta win for Heras Spain #39;s Roberto Heras of the Liberty Seguros team won the Tour of Spain for a record-equaling third time when he held off second-placed Santiago Perez in the final stage.
Bomb Threat Sparks Stansted Emergency A bomb threat forced a passenger plane to divert to a London airport under military escort for an emergency landing today. The Olympic Airways flight 
Pinochet #39;s immunity lifted CHILE #39;S Supreme Court today lifted the immunity from prosecution of former dictator Augusto Pinochet, who faces criminal charges over the disappearance of political opponents during Operation Condor.
Barrichello #39;s Chinese banquet RUBENS Barrichello celebrated his second victory in a row yesterday, winning the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai as Ferrari team-mate Michael Schumacher languished in 12th after starting from the pit.
Roma begin search for Voller #39;s replacement Roma have begun their search for a new coach following the shock resignation of Rudi Voller. Voller quit after Saturday #39;s 3-1 defeat away to Bologna which left the ailing Serie A club languishing in mid-table with just four points from a possible 12.
Steelers-Dolphins hit prime time Hurricane Jeanne forced the Miami Dolphins and Pittsburgh Steelers to move their game to prime time today. The teams and the league agreed to move the starting time from 1 
Raiders Score Card WHY THE RAIDERS SHOULD WIN: In a game that is expected to be a defensive struggle, the Raiders have had better statistical success and bring more heat on the passer.
Israel behind attack on Hamas member - reports An Israeli television station has reported that Israel was behind the car bombing that killed a senior member of the Hamas group in Damascus this morning.
Attacks On Foreigners In Saudi Arabia Since 1995 RIYADH, Sept 26 (AFP) - A Frenchman who was shot dead in the port city of Jeddah early Sunday is the latest victim in a series of militant attacks in Saudi Arabia.
Presidential Debate, Consumer Data Eyed (Reuters) Reuters - The first U.S. presidential debate\this week and a load of data on consumer spending will settle\some questions that have been hanging over U.S. stocks, and\equity strategists, and traders say the decreased uncertainty\could draw buyers back to the market.
Hit bears  #39;hallmark #39; of Israelis The killing of a Palestinian resistance activist in Syria on Sunday bears all the hallmarks of an Israeli hit. Tel Aviv has yet to claim responsibility for the assassination of Izz 
Lufthansa cancels flights after computer failure Lufthansa had to cancel about 60 European flights, and its services around the world were delayed following a computer fault in its check-in system on Thursday, the German airline said.
Musharraf Hails Talks with Indian PM Pakistan #39;s President has hailed his first face-to-face meeting with India #39;s Prime Minister, saying it will help normalize Indo-Pakistani relations.
NASA: Hurricane Damages Shuttle Building (AP) AP - The third hurricane to hit NASA's spaceport in just over a month blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building, but overall damage was not as severe as feared, a space agency official said Sunday.
A Look at Bush-Kerry Debates (AP) AP - Some things to look for in the upcoming presidential debates between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry:
Suspected Israeli Agents Kill Militant in Syria  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - A bomb killed a Hamas official in  Damascus on Sunday when it tore through his car. Israel's  Channel Two television said Israel was behind the death and the  Palestinian militant group vowed revenge.
Turk Parliament Approves EU-Backed Reforms  ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey cleared a hurdle on its long path  toward European Union membership on Sunday when its parliament  approved a new penal code which will boost women's rights and  punish police more severely for torture.
Darfur Governor Links Khartoum Plot with Rebels  GENEINA, Sudan (Reuters) - A senior Sudanese official  charged Sunday that a rebel group with which Khartoum is  negotiating to bring peace to the troubled Darfur region was  linked to an alleged coup plot uncovered last week.
India nun attacks trigger arrests Police in the southern Indian state of Kerala detain 15 people over attacks on nuns and priests.
Gunfight Erupts on Busy Baghdad Street U.S. troops fought a gunbattle with insurgents along a busy street in Baghdad on Monday, while five U.S. troops were reported killed in separate clashes in a volatile western province as insurgents stepped up attacks ahead of next month's elections.
A Slowed Hurricane Jeanne Slams Into Florida, on Way to Tampa The National Hurricane Center said that Jeanne was slightly calmer, but still packing a wallop for storm-weary Floridians.
The New Faces of Reality TV The introduction of children to the genre was probably inevitable. But the networks seem to understand that they are in dicey ethical territory.
Jeanne Drenches Fla., Batters Buildings STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne blasted ashore in Florida with drenching rains and 120 mph wind, tearing off rooftops, hurling debris through the air and sending huge waves crashing into buildings Sunday as it hit the same area battered by Frances three weeks ago...
Turkey Parliament OKs EU-Oriented Reforms ANKARA, Turkey - A special session of parliament approved legal reforms Sunday aimed at opening the way for Turkey to begin membership talks with the European Union after the governing party dropped a proposal to criminalize adultery, a plan that had upset EU leaders.    The vote came before an Oct...
Bomb Threat Forces Flight Diversion LONDON - A bomb threat that mentioned Iraq forced a New York-bound Greek airliner to make an emergency landing Sunday at London's Stansted Airport escorted by military jets, authorities said.    An airport spokeswoman said an Athens newspaper had received a phone call saying there was a bomb on board the Olympic Airlines plane...
Sheen Stumps for Real-Life Politician KANNAPOLIS, N.C. - Actor Martin Sheen did some real-life politicking for a congressional candidate who used to work on his television series "The West Wing."   Sheen, who portrays fictional president Josiah Bartlett on the series, attended private fund-raisers Saturday in Charlotte and Richmond County for 8th District congressional candidate Beth Troutman, who worked four years in Los Angeles as assistant to the executive producer of "The West Wing." He finished the day at a party at the Raleigh home of former Ambassador Jeanette Hyde...
Turkey Passes Penal Code Reforms Parliament voted overwhelmingly Sunday to approve penal code reforms aimed at boosting Turkey's chances of starting membership talks with the European Union.
GE #39;s settles on Welch perks SEC gives global conglomerate a slap on the wrist for staying mum on CEO #39;s retirement package. WASHINGTON/BOSTON (Reuters) - Industrial giant General Electric got a slap on the wrist from the Securities and 
Heras Wins Second Straight Spanish Vuelta (AP) AP - Roberto Heras of Spain won his second straight Spanish Vuelta, one of cycling's top races.
48 Hours: Calypso back in the rhythm Say what you like about the West Indies cricketers, but they know how to celebrate a triumph. One of world cricket #39;s most famous and colourful sides, the West Indies awakened from their lengthy 
Shibui Has Record Run at Berlin Marathon (AP) AP - Japan's Yoko Shibui overcame a run-in with an official to win the Berlin Marathon on Sunday in a race-record 2 hours, 19 minutes, 41 seconds, the fourth-best time for a woman at the distance.
Dozens killed in Iraq violence as Egypt, Britain seek to free &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FALLUJAH, Iraq : US airstrikes on rebel-held Fallujah left 15 dead while an insurgent attack in another troubled Sunni Arab town killed 10 more, as Britain and Egypt stepped up efforts to secure the release of hostages in Iraq.
Sweden's Stenson Holds Firm to Win Heritage Title  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Sweden's Henrik Stenson ended a  three-year barren spell with a four-stroke victory in The  Heritage on Sunday to take his second European Tour title.
Plane evacuated after bomb scare BRITISH military jets today escorted an Olympic Airlines aircraft en route from Athens to New York to Stansted airport near London after a bomb alert, defence ministry and airline officials said.
N. Korea-Japan Talks Make No Progress Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over Japanese citizens abducted by North Korea decades ago ended Sunday with no progress, Japanese officials said.
Howard #39;s \$6bn to wedge Labor AN election plan to overhaul vocational education and provide families with extra relief has been unveiled by John Howard, in a \$6 billion bid to head off Mark Latham #39;s tax, family and schools program.
Coles Myer chief keeping coy on alliance Coles Myer chief executive officer John Fletcher won #39;t confirm a report that his company is considering an alliance with the Australian Leisure and Hospitality Group.
Germany #39;s Lufthansa to boost flights to Asia BERLIN : German flag carrier Lufthansa plans to boost by 50 percent its flights to China by 2007, company chairman Wolfgang Mayrhuber said.
Bomb alert diverts Greek plane to Stansted A bomb threat has prompted a Greek Olympic Airlines passenger plane to make an emergency landing, escorted by British Tornado jets, at Stansted Airport.
Coalition presses the fear button The divisions rending Australia in the general election campaign hardened yesterday as Prime Minister John Howard slipped out through a rear entrance to avoid hundreds of chanting protesters picketing Brisbane #39;s City Hall.
Rates Mean End of Low Interest Costs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite record federal deficits, the  Bush administration has benefited from historically low  interest payments, but as rates continue to rise, the era of  cheap debt service may be over.
Emerging Debt on Lookout for Results, IMF  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Emerging debt spreads are likely to  trade in ranges early in the week ahead of Venezuela's bond  sale results and the IMF meeting late in the week.
Investors Watching Consumers #39; Jitters NEW YORK Sept. 26, 2004 - When nervous consumers hold on to their money, Wall Street gets nervous about profits. So the question investors hope will be answered in the coming week is, just how nervous are consumers these days?
Serena Williams wins China Open The top-seeded American rallied from one-set down to defeat US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova to capture the inaugural China Open.
D. Mientkiewicz, 1B In the rubber game of a three-game set, Brown will make his first start since September 3, when he broke his left hand punching the clubhouse wall after leaving a 3-1 loss to the Baltimore Orioles.
Michigan defense dominant The Wolverines led the nation in interceptions and turnovers forced entering yesterday #39;s Big Ten opener against Iowa, and they didn #39;t do anything to hurt their ranking.
Greek plane diverted to London after bomb alert A Greek plane has landed safely atStansted Airport, north of London, after a bomb alert forced it tomake a diversion, the BBC reports on Sunday.
Labour delegates force Iraq vote Labour delegates have forced a debate and vote on Britain #39;s role in Iraq hours after Tony Blair said he would not apologise for the war.
Al Qaida Man Killed in Gun Battle Police may have killed a suspected top al Qaida operative today in a four-hour gun battle at a house in southern Pakistan that also led to the arrest of two other men.
Iraqi Official Arrested for Possible Ties to Terrorists US authorities in Iraq have arrested a man chosen to lead Iraq #39;s National Guard in one of the country #39;s most troubled and violent provinces.
Britain Proposes Debt Relief to Nations Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich countries to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.
Bitter Malpractice Fight Going to Voters Rivaling Bush vs. Kerry for bitterness, doctors and trial lawyers are squaring off this fall in an unprecedented four-state struggle over limiting malpractice awards...
Rates Mean End of Low Interest Costs Despite record federal deficits, the Bush administration has benefited from historically low interest payments, but as rates continue to rise, the era of cheap debt service may be over.
The new Silicon Valley: A dog-eat-dog world May I buy your beloved pet dog, just so I can take him around back and shoot him? That #39;s how the chief executive of PeopleSoft, Craig Conway, described Oracle #39;s hostile bid for his company 
Fund manager eyes Japanese financial stocks Mark Headley, who manages the second-best-performing US mutual fund focused on Japan, is buying shares of financial-services companies in anticipation of higher industry profits as consumer lending and investment climb.
Sony Makes MP3 U-Turn Sony also plans to release some new flash-based players with both MP3 and Atrac playback as early as this year in Europe. As for North American customers, a Sony spokesperson would not committ to a time frame for MP3 support.
Turkey Approves Penal Code in Step Towards EU Talks (Update1) Turkey #39;s parliament passed a revamped penal code that widens freedom of speech and stiffens punishment for torture, a step the European Commission said was needed to win membership talks with the European Union.
RAF Jets with Orders to Shoot Up to four fully-armed RAF fighter planes are likely to have escorted Olympic Airways flight 411 into Stansted today, with orders to shoot it from the skies if it threatened the capital.
Frenchman shot, killed in Saudi Arabia A French technician who worked on Saudi naval contracts was shot and killed early Sunday in western Saudi Arabia in what his company said may have been a random shooting.
Pakistan kills militant wanted for Musharraf plot Pakistan #39;s security agencies shot and killed a militant wanted for masterminding an assassination attempt on President Pervez Musharraf last year, intelligence officials said on Sunday.
What will you give up, just to get some work? What rights will you give up in order to get some work?      We are guaranteed certain protections against the tyranny of the State, but what's to stop private companies from ignoring those protections, so long as they can require us to agree to forego them in order to receive employment?
Blue Chips End Lower After Oil Hits \$49 US blue-chip stocks declined to the lowest level in more than a month on Thursday as crude oil prices touched \$49 a barrel and renewed concerns that high fuel costs will erode corporate profits.
UPDATE 2-Real slump to another defeat at classy Bilbao Trouble-torn Real Madrid slumped to their second defeat in three Primera Liga games when they lost 2-1 to a classy Athletic Bilbao side on Saturday.
Bourdais takes close victory from teammate Junquiera in Las Vegas &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sebastien Bourdais and Bruno Junquiera spent much of the weekend together, eating and hanging out in the garage areas their Newman-Haas teams share.
Free hostage calls Bahrain MANAMA: Bahrain last night joined international efforts to secure the release of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq. Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Dr Mohammed Abdul Ghaffar urged the kidnappers to free Ken Bigley and other hostages soon.
Al-Qaida suspect killed in Pakistan raid Paramilitary police killed a suspected top al-Qaida operative Sunday in a four-hour gunbattle at a house in southern Pakistan that also led to the arrest of two other men, the information minister said.
Stansted Is Designated Emergency Landing Ground Stansted airport is the designated emergency landing ground for planes in British airspace hit by in-flight security alerts. Emergency services at Stansted have successfully dealt 
Spain, US will meet for Davis Cup title A singles victory Sunday sent Spain into the December Davis Cup finals against the United States. Rafael Nadal beat French player Arnaud Clement 6-4, 6-1, 6-2 to clinch a berth in the finals for the Spanish team.
2 Ecologists Near End of West Coast Hike Forget a Global Positioning System or even a map. The Earth #39;s own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known 
Correction: Mouse Product Review SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a Sept. 23 product review, The Associated Press, using erroneous information provided by Logitech Inc., reported incorrect weights for two of the company #39;s new computer mice.
2 Ecologists Near End of West Coast Hike (AP) AP - Forget a Global Positioning System or even a map. The Earth's own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known continuous trek of the nation's western coastline.
Pakistan Kills Militant Wanted for Musharraf Plot (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan's security forces on Sunday\shot dead a militant said to have plotted an attempt to\assassinate President Pervez Musharraf and to have had a hand\in the killing of a U.S. journalist, the information minister\said.
Top senator calls Iraq 'quagmire' for US (AFP) AFP - A leading US senator said that the United States was locked in a  quot;quagmire quot; in Iraq, calling the war a diversion from the hunt for Al-Qaeda boss Osama bin Laden after the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Suspected Israeli Agents Kill Militant in Syria  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Syria accused Israel of terrorism  after a bomb -- which Israeli security sources said Israel  planted -- killed a Hamas official in Damascus on Sunday. Hamas  vowed to retaliate.
Real-Life 'Lassie' Alerts Humans to Smoke CROWN POINT, Ind. - Foxie's cleverness is not doubted by local animal control officials after the collie warned them about smoke coming from an area that contained 10 dogs...
Al-Qaida Suspect Killed in Pakistan Raid KARACHI, Pakistan - Paramilitary police killed a suspected top al-Qaida operative Sunday in a four-hour gunbattle at a house in southern Pakistan that also led to the arrest of two other men, the information minister said.    Amjad Hussain Farooqi had been wanted for his alleged role in the kidnapping and beheading of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl in 2002 and two assassination attempts against President Gen...
Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory WASHINGTON Sept. 24, 2004 - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush 
Will O's Switch to NL if D.C. Gets Expos? (AP) AP - Orioles manager Lee Mazzilli offered an interesting solution to the team's concern about losing revenue if the Montreal Expos move to Washington. "Switch leagues," he said Sunday, suggesting that Baltimore join the National League and that the Washington team move to the American League.
2 Ecologists Near End of West Coast Hike Forget a Global Positioning System or even a map. The Earth #39;s own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known continuous trek of the nation #39;s western coastline.
PeopleSoft urges upgrades PeopleSoft launched a promotion on Thursday to encourage customers of its business management software to upgrade to the latest version - even as Oracle continues its disruptive takeover bid, which threatens the company #39;s future.
Todt on the race, Rubens #39; victory, strategy and the  #39;China project &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following an  #39;eventful #39; inaugural Chinese Grand Prix, certainly as far as his team is concerned, Jean Todt sat down to answer a few questions, while company president Luca di Montezemolo disappeared to change out of his Champagne-soaked suit.
Cahill #39;s late goal gives Everton win over Portsmouth Tim Cahill #39;s goal in the 80th minute lifted Everton to a 1-0 victory Sunday at Portsmouth, keeping the Toffies firmly in third place in England and only three points behind league-leading Arsenal.
JOHNSONS HARD RIGHT FELLS JONES AND ENDS AN ERA When Roy Jones Jr. showed up on Thursday for a press conference in the lobby of the Fed Ex Forum, the most noticeable thing about him - the thing that everybody in the arena commented onwas how small, even fragile, he looked.
Shock 76, Liberty 66 Cheryl Ford had 21 points and nine rebounds, and Deanna Nolan scored 18 points to lead the defending WNBA champion Detroit Shock past the New York Liberty 76-66 Sunday, evening their first-round WNBA playoff series at 1-1.
Stenson Wins Heritage by Four Strokes (AP) AP - Henrik Stenson of Sweden shot a 6-under-par 66 Sunday to win The Heritage by four strokes over Carlos Rodiles of Spain.
Titans' Schulters Leaves Game With Injury (AP) AP - Tennessee Titans free safety Lance Schulters hurt his left foot Sunday against the Jacksonville Jaguars and was taken to the locker room. His return was questionable.
Al-Qaeda figure  #39;killed in gunfight #39; PASKISTANI security forces today killed an al-Qaeda kingpin allegedly behind an assassination attempt on President Pervez Musharraf and charged over the murder of US journalist Daniel Pearl, a security official said.
2 Utah State Basketball Players Suspended (AP) AP - Utah State indefinitely suspended basketball players Jason Williams and Marques Crane on Sunday for a violation of team rules, and coach Stew Morrill said the two may be dismissed from the team.
Jeanne could be year #39;s costliest Hurricane Jeanne has the potential to be the most expensive storm to hit the United States in a year of expensive storms. Risk Management Solutions 
Nibbling at the pie THOSE who move away from the majority to tread a path of their own have always been termed mavericks. One category of people who today could qualify to be called mavericks are those using Web browsers other than Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE).
Hamas vows to hit Israeli targets abroad Al Qassam Brigades, the armed wing of Palestinian Islamic resistance movement Hamas, vowed on Sunday to hit Israeli targets abroad after one of its leaders was assassinated in Damascus earlier in the day.
US dollar under pressure despite Fed hinting at further rate hikes LONDON : The dollar came under renewed pressure from the euro and yen, even as minutes released by the US Federal Reserve from its August meeting hinted at a steady pace of US interest-rate tightening.
Investors expecting clarity this week NEW YORK - The first presidential debate this week and a load of data on consumer spending will settle some questions that have been hanging over US stocks, and equity strategists, and traders say the decreased uncertainty could draw buyers back to the 
State #39;s top marching bands spend millions FORT WAYNE, Ind. -- Booster clubs for high school marching bands that have made it to the state finals have spent more than \$12 million the past four years for props, music and other necessities that help make the bands successful.
Spaniard fends off compatriot Perez MADRID, Spain -- Roberto Heras became only the second rider to claim three Tour of Spain titles when he held off a charging Santiago Perez in the final stage Sunday.
Bomb Alert Prompts Greek Plane to Land in London A bomb threat prompted a Greek Olympic Airlines passenger plane to make an emergency landing, escorted by British Tornado jets, at London #39;s Stansted Airport on Sunday.
Senior Taliban commander arrested in southern Afghanistan (Kandahar, Afghanistan-AP) Sept. 26, 2004 - Afghan officials say an alleged senior Taliban commander and two fighters have been killed in a raid on a village home in southern Afghanistan.
South Americans Make Offer to EU on Trade (AP) AP - The South American trade bloc Mercosur has made a new offer in a bid to advance stalled trade talks with the European Union and clinch a trans-Atlantic free trade deal by an October deadline.
Debates Give Kerry Last Chance to Make Case (Reuters) Reuters - When President Bush and Sen. John\Kerry open a series of debates on Thursday, voters will get\their first chance to directly compare the White House\candidates -- and Kerry will get perhaps his last chance to\convince Americans he is up to the job.
Iraq Dogs Blair as Party Conference Starts  BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Iraq overshadowed the start  of Tony Blair's Labour Party conference on Sunday despite the  prime minister's efforts to turn attention to the domestic  agenda ahead of a general election expected next year.
Titans Kinney leaves with left calf injury Titans tight end Erron Kinney strained his left calf in the fourth quarter against the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday. Kinney was hurt after Steve McNair threw an incomplete pass to the end zone for receiver Drew Bennett.
Week in review: Can the Trojans bring it early? It happens to nearly every team in its quest for a national title. In happened to USC on Saturday when the Trojans had to come from behind to beat Stanford 31-28.
Nigerian rebels target Agip Rome - The Italian oil group Eni said on Sunday that it would continue operations in Nigeria, despite reported threats by a militant group, and denied that its helicopters had been used for military purposes.
Pearl Kidnapping Suspect Dies in Pakistan KARACHI, Pakistan - Paramilitary police killed a suspected top al-Qaida operative, wanted for alleged involvement in the kidnapping of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl, during a four-hour shootout Sunday at a southern Pakistan house, the information minister said. At least two other men were arrested...
Mets Put Another Dent in Cubs' Hopes NEW YORK - Al Leiter pitched two-hit ball for six innings to earn his first win in six weeks, and the New York Mets put another dent in Chicago's playoff hopes Sunday with a 3-2 victory over the Cubs.    Chicago began the day a half-game in front of San Francisco in the NL wild-card race after losing 4-3 to the fourth-place Mets in 11 innings Saturday...
Hamas Operative Killed in Syrian Capital Israel's claim to have killed a Hamas leader in the Syrian capital on Sunday marked an escalation in the Jewish state's war against the violent group, embarrassed Syrian leaders and turned up pressure on Damascus to expel Palestinian militants.
Mets Put Another Dent in Cubs' Hopes (AP) AP - Al Leiter pitched two-hit ball for six innings to earn his first win in six weeks, and the New York Mets put another dent in Chicago's playoff hopes Sunday with a 3-2 victory over the Cubs.
Braves Eliminate Defending Champ Marlins (AP) AP - The Florida Marlins won't be repeating as World Series champions. Florida was eliminated from postseason contention Sunday, losing to the Atlanta Braves 6-3 as John Thomson held the Marlins to one run in seven innings.
British hostage reportedly still alive in Iraq The waiting and wondering continued Sunday about the fate of British hostage, Kenneth Bigley, although one Muslim activist says he is still alive.
Titans' McNair Injured in Loss to Jaguars (AP) AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair bruised his sternum on a 2-point conversion late in the fourth quarter of Tennessee's 15-12 loss to Jacksonville.
Niners' Lloyd Inactive for Seahawks Game (AP) AP - San Francisco 49ers receiver Brandon Lloyd was inactive for Sunday's game at Seattle because of a strained groin.
Umpire Leaves Mariners-Rangers Game (AP) AP - First-base umpire Ed Montague left Sunday's game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers before the start of the fifth inning because of an elevated blood pressure.
Roddick Extends U.S. Domination Over Belarus  CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - U.S. world number  two Andy Roddick coasted to victory over Belarus teenager  Alexander Skrypko in a dead reverse singles rubber in the Davis  Cup semi-finals on Sunday.
O #39;s Thrive on Suspense These Baltimore Orioles have suddenly turned into heart-stoppers. After four breathtaking games against playoff contender Boston this week, the Orioles appeared 
Comfortable win escapes Cubs Victor Diaz grew up a Chicago Cubs fan, and on Saturday he beat his one-time favorite team. Diaz hit a game-tying three-run home run with two out in the ninth inning 
Jeanne Damage Estimated at \$4-\$8 Billion  MIAMI (Reuters) - Hurricane Jeanne, which roared across  Florida on Sunday, may have caused \$4 billion to \$8 billion in  insured damage, a risk management group said.
Banker recalls concerns about barge deal An ex-Merrill Lynch banker testified Thursday that she #39;s kept a facsimile about an Enron deal for more than four years because she thought something was amiss.
Brown hit hard in return In his first start since breaking his non-pitching hand Sept. 3, Brown got just two outs Sunday. He allowed four runs and six hits and put the Yankees in a deep hole in their final regular-season game against Boston.
NFL Game Summary - Jacksonville At Tennessee Nashville, TN -- Fred Taylor scored on a one-yard run with nine seconds left in the fourth quarter to lift the Jacksonville Jaguars to a 15-12 victory over the Tennessee Titans at The Coliseum.
Umpire leaves Mariners-Rangers game First-base umpire Ed Montague left Sunday #39;s game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers before the start of the fifth inning because of an elevated blood pressure.
European Tour stats attack Mr Accuracy Henrik Stenson played some of the best golf of the season to run away with The Heritage at Woburn #39;s treacherous Duke #39;s Course.
Woodbridge blasts tennis  #39;cancer #39; Veteran Davis Cup player Todd Woodbridge says the introduction of synthetic grass courts has been a  quot;cancer quot; on Australian tennis.
NFL Game Summary - Baltimore At Cincinnati Cincinnati, OH -- Jamal Lewis ran for 184 yards on just 16 carries along with a touchdown as Baltimore defeated Cincinnati, 23-9, in an AFC Central showdown at Paul Brown Stadium.
Jeanne Damage Estimated at  #36;4- #36;8 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Jeanne, which roared across\Florida on Sunday, may have caused  #36;4 billion to  #36;8 billion in\insured damage, a risk management group said.
Rates Mean End of Low Interest Costs (Reuters) Reuters - Despite record federal deficits, the\Bush administration has benefited from historically low\interest payments, but as rates continue to rise, the era of\cheap debt service may be over.
Fannie CEO May Not Withstand Challenge  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The vaunted political and financial  skills of Fannie Mae Chief Executive Franklin Raines may not be  enough to save him professionally after a scathing regulatory  report last week detailed pervasive accounting lapses at the  mortgage finance company.
JPEG exploit toolkit spotted online A toolkit designed to exploit a recently-disclosed Microsoft JPEG vulnerability has been released onto the net. The toolkit (screen shot from AV firm F-Secure here) makes it trivially easy for maliciously-minded 
Stenson shoots 66 to win by four Henrik Stenson of Sweden shot a 6-under-par 66 Sunday to win The Heritage by four strokes over Carlos Rodiles of Spain. Stenson, the overnight leader, birdied four successive holes beginning at the 14th to 
Windies have become a proud unit The West Indies are back. And I say this not because of their triumph on Saturday but I base it on the way they fought tooth and nail to pull off the incredible victory.
Badgers #39; defense posts best month since  #39;51 They #39;ve allowed just 19 points in their 4-0 start, making up for the loss of star tailback Anthony Davis to an eye injury for the last 3 games.
NFL: Ravens/Bengals _ Jamal Lewis ran for 186 yards as Baltimore dumped Cincinnati 23-to-9. He had a 75-yard touchdown sprint that clinched win win for the 2-and-1 Ravens.
Code targets Microsoft JPEG flaw Code that exploits a weakness in the way many Microsoft applications process JPEG images has been published on the internet. Microsoft only discovered the security flaw, which could allow software viewing 
Musharraf terms talks with Manmohan  #39;gain for peace #39; AMSTERDAM, September 27 (Online): President Musharraf described his meeting with Indian Prime Minister very positive and constructive adding,  quot;it will go long way to resolve all outstanding issues including Kashmir quot;.
Bomb Threat Sparks Air Alert Police were tonight preparing to search a Greek airliner which was forced to divert to a London airport for an emergency landing following a bomb threat.
Presidential Debate, Consumer Data Eyed The first US presidential debate this week and a load of data on consumer spending will settle some questions that have been hanging over US stocks, and equity strategists 
Singh Unseats Woods Vijay Singh wins the PGA Tour player of the year award Monday for the first time, ending Tiger Woods' five-year hold on the honor with a season that left no debate about who was No. 1 in golf.
Armed Militiamen Worry Sudanese Refugees (AP) AP - Armed militiamen surged into a western border area where some Darfur refugees attempted to return to their raided village, U.N. security officials said Sunday, raising further concern about how quickly 1.4 million displaced Sudanese could return home safely.
US Airways says reaches new contract with trainers US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , which this month sought bankruptcy protection for the second time in two years, said on Sunday it reached a new union contract with 65 flight crew training instructors.
PeopleSoft #39;s Conway maintains defiant tone With 15,000 attendees at PeopleSoft #39;s Connect user conference waiting to hear how the company would address Oracle #39;s lingering hostile takeover bid, PeopleSoft chief executive Craig Conway tackled the issue early in his opening keynote.
Jaguars #39; late TD beats Titans 15-12 The last time the Jacksonville Jaguars were facing a goal-to-go situation at Nashville Coliseum with time winding down, they went away disappointed.
NFL: Eagles/Lions _ Donovan McNabb threw for 356 yards and two touchdowns and ran for a score as Philadelphia beat Detroit 30-to-13. While the Eagles improve to 3-and-0 the surprising Lions fall to 2-and-1.
Kansas City Chiefs KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- David Carr and Kris Brown gave Dick Vermeil another reason to cry. After Carr put his team in position, Brown drilled a 49-yard field goal with seven seconds remaining as 
Notes: Rotation questions for Torre Joe Torre and Mel Stottlemyre have an interesting week ahead of them, as they try to sort out the Yankees #39; starting rotation for the postseason.
Aid workers braced for more Darfur refugees UN refugee workers are readying themselves for an influx of refugees from Darfur as people in the western Sudan region take advantage of the end of the rainy season and a promised government clampdown on militia violence.
Putin Says State Firms Can Buy Yukos Assets State-controlled companies have every right to bid for Yukos assets if they are sold to pay off the firm #39;s whopping tax debt, although the government is not seeking to nationalize the company, President Vladimir Putin said Friday.
EU prepares to battle Microsoft BRUSSELSRegulators are set to argue that the European Union needs to take a tougher stand against Microsoft Corp. because its antitrust rules are different from those that allowed the company to avoid making 
Business in Brief Yukos #39; largest oil-producing unit regained power supplies from Tyumenenergo, a Siberia-based electricity generator, Friday after the subsidiary pledged to pay 440 million rubles (\$15 million) in debt by Oct. 3.
Despite healthy global economy, ministers still face tricky issues The global economy is healthy and no major financial crises loom. Yet finance ministers meeting this week must confront uncertainties about the fight against terrorism, rising interest rates and volatile oil prices.
Global finance chiefs won #39;t let oil dent optimism WASHINGTON: Global finance chiefs may admit this week that soaring oil prices are a cloud on a generally sunny world economic horizon but they will likely dismiss any chance they could drown growth.
Tigers drop fifth straight When Tigers manager Alan Trammell described his bullpen #39;s recent struggles on Friday, he compared it to an offense being in a slump.
Blair #39;s Silence Is  #39;Kiss of Death #39; for Hostage The silence of Prime Minister Tony Blair is the kiss of death for British hostage Ken Bigley, his brother claimed tonight. Paul Bigley, who dramatically 
Update 1: UK Proposes Debt Relief for Poor Nations Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich governments to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.
BAA caught in Net 'dirty tricks' campaign &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Lawyer calls for urgent domain dispute reform
Fannie CEO May Not Withstand Challenge (Reuters) Reuters - The vaunted political and financial\skills of Fannie Mae Chief Executive Franklin Raines may not be\enough to save him professionally after a scathing regulatory\report last week detailed pervasive accounting lapses at the\mortgage finance company.
Gasoline Prices Rise with Storm (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. average retail gasoline prices\rose over the last two weeks as storms temporarily shut  down\oil production and refineries along with Gulf Coast, an\industry analyst said on Sunday.
News Brief: Computer Failure Grounds Lufthansa Flights The computer error was fixed after a six-hour outage and services were expected to return to normal by the evening, Lufthansa said.
Formula One: Barrichello wins in China SHANGHAI Rubens Barrichello won the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday, but while he occupied Michael Schumacher #39;s accustomed place atop the podium he could not take his teammate #39;s place at the center of attention.
Soaring Eagles crush Lions Donovan McNabb threw for 356 yards and two touchdowns and ran for another to lead the Philadelphia Eagles to a 30-13 win over Detroit.
NFL: New Orleans 28, St. Louis 25 (OT) A 31-yard field goal by John Carney in overtime Sunday gave the New Orleans Saints a 28-25 win over St. Louis. Carney kicked five field goals in the game, including a 38-yarder 
Turkey Approves Revision of Penal Code Turkey #39;s Parliament approved a sweeping revision of the country #39;s penal code today to bring it closer to European Union norms, a step aimed at enhancing Turkish membership in the 25-nation bloc.
Plane forced to land  #39;on full emergency #39; An Olympic Airlines flight from Athens to New York was forced to land Sunday at London #39;s Stansted Airport  quot;on a full emergency, quot; a spokeswoman said.
Japan  #39;concerned #39; on Korea missiles BEIJING Japanese negotiators expressed  quot;serious concern quot; Sunday about North Korea #39;s missile program, a Japanese diplomat said.
Falling Bond Yields: Not To Worry What #39;s up with the bond market? As the Federal Reserve has steadily increased short-term interest rates over the past few months, investors in the bond-trading pits have pushed long-term yields down.
Davis Cup Tennis: For US and Spain, a little psychic compensation The Davis Cup is tennis #39;s best way of compensating, and that #39;s no reference to prize money, which is not the reason most of the world #39;s top men #39;s players still look forward to this century-old team competition.
Newman dominates Dover; Gordon takes lead Ryan Newman left misfortune behind and ran away from the field, while four-time series champion Jeff Gordon took the NASCAR Nextel Cup points lead Sunday at Dover International Speedway.
Cricket: West Indies #39; winning revival LONDON West Indies has won the Champions Trophy, international one-day cricket #39;s second-most important title, beating England by two wickets at The Oval here.
Hamas Leader Killed in Syria Car Bombing DAMASCUS, Syria -- A car bomb killed a leader of the militant group Hamas in Damascus on Sunday. Police at the scene of the explosion were seen retrieving pieces of the body of Izz el-Deen Subhi Sheik Khalil.
Resistant Israeli Settlers May Get Prison JERUSALEM Sept. 26, 2004 - Armed settlers who resist evacuation could face five years in prison under a law proposed Sunday before next year #39;s planned removal of all 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip and four in the West Bank.
Iraq dogs Blair as party conference starts Iraq has overshadowed the start of Tony Blair #39;s Labour Party conference despite the prime minister #39;s efforts to turn attention to the domestic agenda ahead of a general election expected next year.
More time to quiz terror suspects Police holding four men arrested on suspicion of a terrorist plot to buy radioactive material have been given more time to question them.
Resistant Israeli Settlers May Get Prison (AP) AP - Armed settlers who resist evacuation could face five years in prison under a law proposed Sunday before next year's planned removal of all 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip and four in the West Bank.
N.B. hospital workers plan to take strike to premier's riding on first day (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - New Brunswick hospital workers are adopting an in-your-face strategy in their fight for higher wages by saying they will begin their strike Monday in Premier Bernard Lord's Moncton riding.
Russia Terrorism Plan Meets Mixed Reviews (AP) AP - China on Friday welcomed a Russian draft resolution to draw up a new list of terror suspects who would be subject to extradition in a stepped-up global campaign against terrorism. But the United States and France eyed the plan with a measure of caution.
Pro-Democracy Protest in Iran Gains Momentum  TEHRAN (Reuters) - A rare pro-democracy protest in Tehran  gained momentum late on Sunday with hundreds of cars pouring  onto the streets, blaring horns and provoking an appearance  from hardline vigilantes, witnesses said.
UN refugee head makes Darfur plea The UN refugee chief calls on all sides in Darfur to "sort things out", amid reports of militia movements in the area.
Red Sox Top Yanks in Flareup-Filled Game BOSTON - Curt Schilling allowed one hit in seven innings and Boston battered Kevin Brown in his return from a broken hand, beating the New York Yankees 11-4 Sunday in another flareup-filled game between the rivals.    Boston's Pedro Astacio and New York's Brad Halsey were ejected in the eighth inning for throwing inside to batters...
Israel Claims Killing of Hamas Operative DAMASCUS, Syria - In a hit claimed by Israeli security officials, a senior Hamas operative was killed in a car bombing Sunday outside his house in Damascus, the first such killing of a leader of the Islamic militant group in Syria.    Izz Eldine Subhi Sheik Khalil, 42, died instantly in the explosion, which wounded three bystanders...
Carney #39;s 5 field goals give Saints OT Win Something about the St. Louis Rams always seems to bring out the best in the New Orleans Saints. It proved true again Sunday as John Carney kicked the last of his 5 field goals in overtime to defeat the Rams 28-25.
NFL: Atlanta 6, Arizona 3 The Atlanta Falcons #39; Jay Feely kicked two field goals Sunday in a 6-3 win over the Arizona Cardinals. Feely #39;s field goals were from 25 and 23 yards in the first half.
Roundup: Limo and Shibui win in Berlin Yoko Shibui continued Japan #39;s supremacy in the Berlin women #39;s marathon and Felix Limo extended Kenya #39;s dominance of the men #39;s race Sunday.
Hamas plots revenge after leader assassinated By Hugh Macleod in Damascus and Donald Macintyre in Jerusalem. Hamas leaders pledged bloody retaliation yesterday after one of its senior figures in Damascus was assassinated in an attack widely read as a new 
Police given extra time to hold  #39;dirty bomb #39; suspects Anti-terrorist police were granted a further five days yesterday to question four men arrested after a Sunday newspaper claimed they were plotting to detonate a chemical bomb in Britain or the US.
AC Milan Beats Lazio 2-1 (AP) AP - Andriy Shevchenko's two second-half goals rallied defending champion AC Milan past Lazio 2-1, leaving the teams tied for fourth place in the Italian league.
Acker-Macosko Shoots 11-Under 60 at Longs (AP) AP - Anna Acker-Macosko shot an 11-under 60 on Sunday at the Longs Drugs Challenge, one stroke off Annika Sorenstam's tour record.
NFL Wrap: McNabb Sparkles as Eagles Rout Lions  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the  Detroit Lions 30-13 in a clash of two previously unbeaten teams  in the NFL on Sunday.
U.S.C. Stays Atop A.P. Poll; Okla. Earns No. 2 U.S.C. received 46 first-place votes in The Associated Press poll released Sunday, eight fewer than last week.
Ravens Plow Bengals After two subpar efforts, Jamal Lewis finds his stride Sunday, running for 186 yards, including a 75-yard touchdown that clinches a 23-9 victory over the Bengals.
Critics Cite Red Light Monitoring Risks (AP) AP - As Philadelphia prepares to install monitoring cameras at some city intersections, officials say they're not worried about studies that suggest the surveillance may lead to more accidents.
Could a 'GBrowser' Spawn an 'MBrowser'? (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - If Google releases a browser, will Microsoft do an about-face and deliver a new standalone version of Internet Explorer?
Egyptians Irked by Prisoner Swap Deal CAIRO, December 6 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Despite the Egyptian official denial of any deals behind the release of six Egyptian students detained in Israel and convicted Israeli spy Azzam Azzam, opposition figures and people lambasted what 
UPDATE: Origin #39;s Bid For NZ Contact Isn #39;t Fair - Adviser WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand Contact Energy #39;s (CEN.NZ) independent directors Monday recommended that shareholders not accept a takeover offer from Australia #39;s Origin Energy Ltd.
Rover Missions Renewed as Mars Emerges from Behind Sun As NASA #39;s Spirit and Opportunity rovers resumed reliable contact with Earth, after a period when Mars passed nearly behind the Sun, the space agency extended funding for an additional six months of rover operations, as long as they keep working.
Formula One Race Features China #39;s New Taste for Luxury If any doubts remained that China has turned its back on socialist equality for the masses, they faded in the exhaust fumes Sunday as Rubens Barrichello #39;s flaming red Ferrari 
Johnson keeps IBF light heavyweight crown MEMPHIS (Tennessee): Jamaican-born Glen Johnson knocked out American Roy Jones junior in the ninth round on Saturday to retain his International Boxing Federation light heavyweight title.
Vaughan must forget dispiriting reverse and look forward The England camp will no doubt feel depressed that their splendid season should have ended on a dispiriting note with their narrow defeat by the West Indies at The Oval.
Real beaten again, Becks says no crisis MADRID - Just when they thought things would change for the better, Real Madrid slipped back into the mire of possibly a disastrous Spanish Primera Liga season.
NKorea accuses Japan of revising defense policy towards militarism North Korea on Sunday accused Japan of using anti-terrorism moves as an excuse for militarism which put the Korean peninsula at risk of invasion.
Origin #39;s NZ\$3.2 Billion Offer for Contact Too Low (Update2) Origin Energy Ltd., Australia #39;s second-largest energy retailer, probably won #39;t increase its stake in Contact Energy Ltd. much above the 51 percent it has already agreed to buy after 
Google accused of pandering to Chinese censors Google, the internet business that made its mantra  quot;do no evil quot;, is accused of pandering to attempts by the Chinese government to censor certain websites.
Arrivederci Roma for Voeller after 26 days ROME - Another week, another European soccer coach gone. Roma #39;s Rudi Voeller became the latest coaching casualty, handing in his resignation after the club #39;s 1-3 away defeat by nine-man Bologna on Saturday.
Shibui breaks Berlin Marathon record; Limo wins men #39;s race Japan #39;s Yoko Shibui overcame a run-in with an official to win the Berlin Marathon on Sunday in a race-record 2 hours, 19 minutes, 41 seconds, the fourth-best time for a woman at the distance.
Newman wins DOVER, Del. Ryan Newman is the winner of the MBNA America 400 at Dover International Speedway in Delaware. Four-time series champion Jeff Gordon took the NASCAR Nextel Cup points lead by finishing third.
23 killed in Iraq violence BAGHDAD: At least 23 people were killed in Iraq overnight and on Sunday as US Secretary for State Colin Powell acknowledged that organising elections throughout the country in January could be difficult.
Labour slips to third place in UK poll LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has seen his ruling Labour Party slip to third place in a newspaper poll on the eve of its annual conference.
Sparks 71, Monarchs 57 Mwadi Mabika scored 22 points and Tamecka Dixon had 17 points, nine rebounds and five assists to lead the Los Angeles Sparks to a 71-57 victory over the Sacramento Monarchs in the second game of their WNBA first-round playoff series Sunday.
Manning tosses five TDs in first half The Colts #39; Peyton Manning and Green Bay #39;s Bret Favre had a sharp-shooting contest for a first-half score of 35-17 and leaving the opposing defenses full of holes at the RCA Dome today.
Democrats signing up more new voters: report (AFP) AFP - Democrats have far outpaced Republicans in efforts to register new voters in two key US states, according to the New York Times, which conducted a county-by-county analysis of registration data in Ohio and Florida.
Jaguars Surprise Again Fred Taylor ran for a 1-yard touchdown with 9 seconds left Sunday to push the Jaguars past the Titans, 15-12, moving to 3-0 despite scoring just 35 points this season.
Texans Boot Chiefs Houston's Kris Brown caps a Texans rally by nailing a 50-yard field goal with 2 seconds left for a 24-21 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs, dropping the defending AFC West champs to 0-3.
Red Sox Belt Yankees Curt Schilling allows one hit in seven innings and Boston batters Kevin Brown in his return from a broken hand, beating the Yankees 11-4.
NZ stocks: Down-time listings hold some interest between results and annual meetings - the NZX is keeping investors interested with a small flurry of listings over the week ahead.
Four Geneva communities had the choice of voting online (Keystone) Of the 22,000 voters in Anieres, Cologny, Carouge and Meyrin, 2,723 chose to cast their votes online in four ballots on easing citizenship, introducing statutory maternity benefits nationwide, and preventing the closure of some 800 state-owned post offices 
Golf: Stenson ends three-year wait for title WOBURN, England : Sweden #39;s Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title for three years when he clinched a four-shot victory in The Heritage tournament.
San Diego Chargers DENVER (Ticker) -- Jake Plummer more than made up for a lack of a running game. Plummer passed for 294 yards and two touchdowns as the Denver Broncos posted a 23-13 victory over the San Diego Chargers in a battle of AFC West Division rivals.
SINGH WINS AGAIN Vijay Singh shot a final-round three-under-par 69 to hold off a charging Stewart Cink and win the 84 Lumber Classic. It was his third straight victory and tour-best eighth of the season.
McNabb Helps Eagles Beat Lions, Reach 3-0: NFL Week 3 (Update1) Donovan McNabb passed for two touchdowns and ran for a third to give the Philadelphia Eagles a 30-13 victory over the Detroit Lions and their first 3-0 start since 1993.
Shevchenko Puts Milan Back on Track A superb second-half performance by Andriy Shevchenko saw champions AC Milan kickstart their season with a 2-1 win in Rome against Lazio tonight.
N.Korea calls missile launch reports  quot;speculation quot; A senior North Korean official denied reports that the secretive communist state was preparing a missile launch, saying they were pure speculation, Japan #39;s Kyodo news agency reported today.
Injury crisis engulfs Rangers SCOTTISH Premier League leaders Rangers have nine players out of action for Sunday #39;s clash against Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Pittodrie.
Swiss referendum tests virtual democracy Swiss authorities have hailed as a success what they said was the world #39;s first binding internet vote in a national referendum.
A Touchy Debate Over Voting With the presidential election less than six weeks away, activists and security experts are ratcheting up concern over the use of touch-screen machines to cast votes.
YAHOO! and OMD Reveal Study Depicting Life Without the Internet Yahoo! Inc. (Nasdaq:YHOO - News), a leading global Internet company, and OMD, the world #39;s leading media agency*, today unveiled the findings of an Internet Deprivation Study examining consumers #39; media habits 
Voeller dumps troubled AS Roma ROME: Rudi Voller (pic) quit as coach of Roma after just four league matches following their 3-1 defeat away to Bologna on Saturday.
Heroics of Ryder Cup inspire Stenson to victory Having lost four of the last five Ryder Cups, an even bigger worry for American golf should be that they have lost the last three Walker Cups.
Milan beats Lazio; Inter held to draw by Parma Andriy Shevchenko netted two second-half goals to rally 10-man AC Milan to a 2-1 win at Lazio on Sunday, lifting the defending league champion closer to the top of the Serie A standings.
Seahawks 34, 49ers 0 Once again, the Seattle Seahawks won with their dominant defense. This time, they ended an NFL record streak. Matt Hasselbeck threw for 254 yards with two touchdowns, Shaun Alexander scored three TDs and Seattle #39;s 
Dozens killed in Iraq violence FALLUJAH, Iraq: US airstrikes on rebel-held Fallujah left 15 dead while an insurgent attack in another Sunni Arab town killed 10 more, as Britain and Egypt stepped up efforts Sunday to secure the release of hostages in Iraq.
Schroeder #39;s party halts slump German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s party has halted an 18-month run of poll disasters by avoiding a fresh slump in local elections on Sunday, but will still need to make giant leaps to win a third term in 2006.
Spy Imagery Agency Watching Inside U.S. (AP) AP - In the name of homeland security, America's spy imagery agency is keeping a close eye, close to home. It's watching America. Since the Sept. 11 attacks, about 100 employees of a little-known branch of the Defense Department called the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency  #151; and some of the country's most sophisticated aerial imaging equipment  #151; have focused on observing what's going on in the United States.
Navy to Shut Down Sub Radio Transmitters (AP) AP - With terrorism the new global threat, a network of radio antennas that let the Navy maintain secure communications with submarines at sea has become yet another Cold War relic.
Israel Claims Killing of Hamas Operative (AP) AP - In a hit claimed by Israeli security officials, a senior Hamas operative was killed in a car bombing Sunday outside his house in Damascus, the first such killing of a leader of the Islamic militant group in Syria.
Armed militia raises concern for refugees returning to Darfur (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GENEINA, Sudan (CP) - Armed militiamen surged into a western border area where some Darfur refugees attempted to return to their raided village, United Nations security officials said Sunday, raising further concern about how quickly 1.4 million displaced Sudanese could return home safely.
Opium paraphernalia jumps from Asian taboo to hot collectible (AFP) AFP - Once feeding a scourge which ruined the lives of millions of Asians, opium-smoking paraphernalia has returned, but this time as hot and hip art collectibles being snapped up across the region at skyrocketing prices.
Candidates Gear Up for Crucial Debates (AP) AP - This fall's presidential debates will pit George W. Bush's folksy manner and big-picture brand of policymaking against John Kerry's more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view. Each is a proven debater who knows, only too well, what personal pitfalls to avoid: Bush must stifle the smirk, for instance, and Kerry must cut short his rhetorical rambling.
Edwards Discusses War on Terror at Rally (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards said Sunday a Kerry-Edwards administration would show no mercy to terrorists.
Telstra in \$750m buyback By staff writers and wires. THE nationn #39;s biggest telco, Telstra Corp, is offering shareholders up to \$4.65 per share in a off-market buyback worth \$750 million.
PeopleSoft teams up with IBM In a move likely to obstruct Oracle?s hostile take-over bid, PeopleSoft last week announced it will adopt IBM?s WebSphere as its preferred middleware platform.
Philippine economy faces more inflation The Philippine central bank should raise interest rates or price inflation will bust out of the government #39;s 4 percent to 5 percent target for the year, a former Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas governor says.
As for the competing IRAs, the Roth wins hands down In life, there are certain things that are beyond indispensable. Like brake lights, hot showers, birthday candles and second chances.
Monitor duty is welcomed The channel may benefit from controversial European Union (EU) proposals to increase import tax duty on TFT monitors, according to resellers.
Microsoft to share Office code Microsoft Corp would share the underlying software code for its Office programme as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in the security and compatibility of the worlds largest software makers products.
VeriSign creates kid credentials VeriSign and a children #39;s safety group unveiled a new technology on Thursday that they said would make it easier for children to avoid child predators online.
Golf: Singh fires final round 69 to win third straight event FARMINGTON, United States : Vijay Singh shot a three-under par 69 to win the 4.2 million dollar PGA event and capture his eighth title of 2004.
NFL: Denver 23, San Diego 13 Jake Plummer hit on 25-of-36 passes for 294 yards and two touchdowns Sunday to lead the Denver Broncos to a 23-13 win over the San Diego Chargers.
NFL Game Summary - New Orleans at St. Louis St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - John Carney #39;s 31-yard field goal 7:04 into overtime handed the New Orleans Saints a dramatic 28-25 victory over the St.
19 killed in Iraq violence FALLUJAH: Nineteen people were killed in new clashes in Iraq as the US military continued its operations against militants loyal to guerilla chief Abu Musab Al Zarqawi.
Blair vows agenda for future BRIGHTON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair dismissed talk of resignation and vowed a strong agenda for the future as his ruling Labour Party #39;s annual convention opened yesterday.
Saudi Police, Militants Clash in Capital Riyadh Saudi security forces, battling a wave of al Qaeda attacks in the world #39;s biggest oil exporter, clashed with suspected militants in the capital Riyadh on Sunday.
Musharraf #39;s battle for approval Pakistan #39;s Gen Pervez Musharraf is rarely out of the news. However, his recent speech to the UN, in which he demanded action to prevent an iron curtain separating the Muslim world from the West, gained him an unusual amount of attention.
Schroeder #39;s Party Avoids Major Losses BERLIN - Germany #39;s governing Social Democrats emerged from local elections in the country #39;s most populous state Sunday trailing well behind the conservative opposition in projections, but party leaders were relieved they avoided major new losses.
Crazy John #39;s gone reckless: Latham A CRAZY John #39;s  quot;mother of all clearance quot; sales is how Mark Latham yesterday described John Howard #39;s \$6 billion pre-election spending spree.
Goalless draw leaves Real trailing A lackluster Real Madrid lost further ground to Barcelona at the top of the table after they were held to a 0-0 draw at Villarreal in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Saudi Police, Militants Clash in Capital Riyadh  RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi security forces, battling a wave  of al Qaeda attacks in the world's biggest oil exporter,  clashed with suspected militants in the capital Riyadh on  Sunday.
Gene clue to malaria drug failure A gene could explain how parasites which cause malaria escape the action of some antimalaria drugs, say researchers.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower on Oil, Economy (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened down 0.29\percent on Monday with airlines, exporters and banks under\selling pressure amid growing worries about higher oil prices\and the domestic economic outlook.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower on Oil, Economy  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened down 0.29  percent on Monday with airlines, exporters and banks under  selling pressure amid growing worries about higher oil prices  and the domestic economic outlook.
Lazard Is Near a Public Offer, Executives Say Bruce Wasserstein, the big, brash Wall Street deal maker, is hatching a plan to take Lazard public.
Around the World and Into the Psyche The New York Film Festival, thirty-eight years in the running, continues to command respect as a showcase for eminent filmmakers and up-and-coming masters.
Latest Hurricane Kills Six in Florida HUTCHINSON ISLAND, Fla. - Jeanne, Florida's fourth hurricane in six weeks, piled on destruction in already ravaged areas Sunday, slicing across the state with howling wind that rocketed debris from earlier storms and torrents of rain that turned streets into rivers...
Turnover Helps Colts Derail Packers 45-31 INDIANAPOLIS - Peyton Manning and Brett Favre lived up to their superstar reputations, throwing nine touchdown passes between them. Still, it took a defensive play for the Indianapolis Colts to finally clinch their 45-31 win over the Green Bay Packers on Sunday...
Foreign Tax Havens Costly to U.S., Study Says Americas biggest corporations are increas- ingly funneling profits earned in the United States to tax havens around the globe, accord- ing to a new study.
For Cingular, Becoming No. 1 Also Poses Risks The union of Cingular and AT T Wireless would create the nation's largest cellular company. How smoothly will it go?
Turnover Helps Colts Derail Packers 45-31 (AP) AP - Peyton Manning and Brett Favre lived up to their superstar reputations, throwing nine touchdown passes between them. Still, it took a defensive play for the Indianapolis Colts to finally clinch their 45-31 win over the Green Bay Packers on Sunday.
Judge slams Ecclestone's F1 power A judge rules against Bernie Ecclestone in a legal dispute which challenged the businessman's control of the firm behind Formula One racing
Seahawks Shut Down Winless 49ers 34-0 (AP) AP - Once again, the Seattle Seahawks won with their dominant defense. This time, they ended an NFL record streak. Matt Hasselbeck threw for 254 yards with two touchdowns, Shaun Alexander scored three TDs and Seattle's defense was magnificent in a 34-0 win over the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday.
Saints Hold Off Rams 28-25 in Overtime (AP) AP - Even without Deuce McAllister, the New Orleans Saints' running game is in good hands.
Dodgers Slay Giants in Crunch Pennant Game  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Los Angeles Dodgers opened up  a 2 1/2 game lead in the National League West pennant race with  a 7-4 victory over title rivals the San Francisco Giants  Sunday.
U.S. Are Davis Cup Final Underdogs, Says Roddick  CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - World number two  Andy Roddick says the United States will probably be the  underdogs in the Davis Cup final against hosts Spain in  December.
Telstra announces \$750m share buy back Telstra Corp has announced a \$750 million off-market share buy-back as part of its capital management program. Telstra expects to return \$1.
I'm no hypocrite, says Blunkett David Blunkett defends himself over revelations on his private life, saying he is not saying one thing and doing another.
Shibui breaks Berlin marathon record BERLIN: Japans Yoko Shibui ran the fourth fastest womens race in history on a chilly, drizzling Sunday and broke the Berlin Marathon record with a time of 2 hours, 19 minutes and 41 seconds.
Hamm #39;s case to keep gold goes to arbitrators As he headed by car to JFK airport Saturday evening to fly to Lausanne, Switzerland, to defend his Olympic all-around championship before the Court of Arbitration for Sport, gymnast Paul Hamm was calm and collected.
Cubs Fall Again to Mets The Cubs fall behind early and lose their second straight game to the lowly Mets 3-2, putting a dent in their playoff chances.
Mystics on the Verge In the Eastern Conference's cellar for much of the season, the Mystics could lock up a trip to the conference championship with a victory over the Sun Monday.
Manning Outduels Favre Peyton Manning throws for 393 yards and five first-half touchdowns and Brett Favre racks up 358 yards and four TDs, but the Colts produce a big fumble to secure a 45-31 win.
Cisco, Fujitsu Team on High-End Routers The Cisco-Fujitsu alliance will benefit from Cisco #39;s leadership in IP technology and Fujitsu #39;s edge in networking products.
Panel Studies Effects of Nuclear Tests (AP) AP - Idaho residents who believe Cold War nuclear testing harmed their health will testify before a National Academy of Sciences panel to say they should be included in a federal compensation program.
Singh hangs on for another win Farmington, PA (Sports Network) - Vijay Singh carded a three-under 69 on Sunday to hang on for the title at the 84 Lumber Classic.
Ferrari Dominates in Shanghai In the end, the winner was a man behind the wheels of a Ferrari, just not the Ferrari driver whom tens of thousands of Chinese had come to see.
Stenson grit wins the day The simplest agenda at the Heritage tournament at Woburn has been the winning one, which was achieved yesterday by Henrik Stenson, the deadpan Swede, who played magnificently to finish on 19 under par.
Oil prices steady as US readies draw on strategic reserves Resurgent oil prices paused for breath as the United States prepared to draw on its emergency reserves to ease supply strains caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Telstra sets price range for \$750m buyback Telstra today announced the price range for its \$750 million off-market buyback, which was part of its capital management program.
Riot witness to clarify testimony India's Supreme Court orders a key Muslim witness to explain why she changed statements in a Gujarat riot case.
Telstra Corp. to Pay Up to A\$4.65 a Share in Buyback (Update2) Telstra Corp., Australia #39;s biggest phone company, offered to buy back shares for as much as A\$4.65 each, the first stage in a plan to return A\$4.
Cole takes control as Arsenal play it cool At Manchester City, their enduring sense of optimism creeps up on you like the rain clouds that sweep east over the city and settle over the stadium on matchdays.
Fijian Golfer Singh Wins 8th PGA Tour Event of Season World number one golfer Vijay Singh of Fiji has captured his eighth PGA Tour event of the year with a win at the 84 Lumber Classic in Farmington, Pennsylvania.
Fitting return for Stenson the forgotten Henrik Stenson, a largely forgotten Swede who last won in 2001, was, in a contrary kind of way, a fitting winner of The Heritage event over the Duke #39;s course yesterday.
Rusedski defeat seals fate For close to a decade now, Great Britain #39;s Davis Cup team has consisted of Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski, during which time the elite world group has been reached four times but without a match being won there.
Roberto Heras factbox Factbox on Spanish cyclist Roberto Heras, who won the Tour of Spain for the third time in his career on Sunday. Took up cycling at the age of 13 after his father promised him a bike if he beat him in a game of tennis.
Spoiled Again: Cubs Humbled by Mets linging to a half-game lead in the race for the National League wild card, the Cubs sent Kerry Wood to the mound at Shea Stadium yesterday, needing to shake off a sudden and shocking defeat a day earlier.
Tornado fighters escort jet to Stansted after bomb scare A jet bound for New York made an emergency landing at Stansted airport yesterday after repeated warnings that a bomb was on board.
Blair #39;s silence  #39;is kiss of death #39; The brother of Kenneth Bigley last night claimed that Tony Blair #39;s inaction could cost the British hostage his life. Paul Bigley, who cited new information 
Renault F1 Team launches Bijoux Racing The Renault F1 Team is excited to announce the launch of a collection of luxury jewellery, in collaboration with designer Mary Kaczor: Bijoux Racing.
INTERVIEW: Telstra Rev Growth Similar To 2H04 -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Telstra Corp. #39;s (TLS) revenue so far this fiscal year has been growing at a similar pace to the second half of 2003-04, Chief Financial Officer John Stanhope said Monday.
Tokyo stocks open slightly lower TOKYO - Stocks opened slightly lower Monday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as declines in US technology shares last Friday prompted selling.
eBay will keep Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely EBay announced Thursday that it will keep its Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely, scrapping previous plans to shutter the e-commerce site in mid-October.
Sunday, September 26, 2004 Calling On Plummer On a day when the Denver Broncos honored the greatest quarterback in franchise history - John Elway received his ring from the Pro Football Hall of Fame during a halftime ceremony -he 
MBNA America 400 results DOVER, Del. - Results Sunday from the MBNA America 400 for NASCAR #39;s Nextel Cup series at Dover International Speedway, listing starting position in parentheses, driver, car, laps completed with reason out if not running at the finish, and money won: 
Titans' McNair Bruises Sternum in Loss to Jags (Reuters) Reuters - Tennessee Titans\quarterback Steve McNair suffered a bruised sternum late in the\fourth quarter of Sunday's game against Jacksonville.
Top Pakistani Al-Qaeda suspect killed KARACHI (Pakistan) - Paramilitary police have killed a suspected top Al-Qaeda operative wanted for his alleged role in the slaying of a Wall Street Journal reporter and two assassination attempts against President Pervez Musharraf, the Information 
Brown tells activists to return to party values Gordon Brown will make an appeal today to traditional Labour values, calling on rank and file to build a  quot;progressive consensus quot; for the 21st century.
NFL Wrap: McNabb Sparkles as Eagles Rout Lions  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the  Detroit Lions 30-13 Sunday in a clash of two previously  unbeaten teams.
NL Wrap: Dodgers Slay Giants in Crunch Pennant Game  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Los Angeles Dodgers opened up  a 2 1/2 game lead in the National League West pennant race with  a 7-4 victory over title rivals the San Francisco Giants  Sunday.
Steroid Row Mostly Forgotten as Bonds Wows Fans  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Barry Bonds failed to lift the  San Francisco Giants to victory against title rivals the Los  Angeles Dodgers Sunday, although he did cap a revitalization of  his reputation in his last home game of the regular season.
Titans' McNair Bruises Sternum in Loss to Jags  NASHVILLE, Tenn. (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans  quarterback Steve McNair suffered a bruised sternum late in the  fourth quarter of Sunday's game against Jacksonville.
Spoiled Again: Cubs Humbled by Mets Al Leiter provided a settling influence and Kerry Wood struggled with his control, yielding three first-inning runs.
Tokyo Stocks Extend Losses  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 0.67 percent by  mid-morning on Monday, extending losses into a seventh session  as worries about higher oil prices hit airlines while banks and  retailers wilted on concerns about the domestic economic  outlook.
Tokyo Stocks Extend Losses Tokyo #39;s Nikkei fell 0.67 percent by mid-morning on Monday, extending losses into a seventh session as worries about higher oil prices hit airlines while banks and retailers wilted on concerns about the domestic economic outlook.
World economy  #39;is at its best for five years #39; MADRID: The world economy is at its best point for five years, although the US budget deficit and sluggish European growth pose problems, International Monetary Fund (IMF) head Rodrigo Rato was quoted yesterday as saying.
Chen defends Taiwan #39;s controversial arms package Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian said Sunday a controversial arms deal was part of the government #39;s attempts to deter any attempt by rival China to invade the island.
Voller: My resignation best way of helping Roma The German offered his resignation immediately after Saturday #39;s 3-1 defeat at Bologna, but was asked by director general Franco Baldini to reconsider.
Messina Stays 3rd in Italy; Barcelona Leads in Spain (Update2) Messina missed the chance to join Juventus on 10 points at the top of Italian soccer #39;s Serie A after drawing 0-0 at home with Chievo.
Barcelona #39;s Eto #39;o dazzles on Mallorca return Samuel Eto #39;o had a memorable return to the Estadio Son Moix on Sunday as his two first-half goals helped his new club Barcelona defeat Real Mallorca 3-1.
Eagles #39;  quot;big quot; plays difference in win The Lions and Eagles entered Sunday #39;s game at Ford Field in the same place -- atop their respective divisions -- and with identical 2-0 records.
Jags get offense clicking in second half Fred Taylor calls Byron Leftwich the most positive person he #39;s ever met. But unless the game is on the line, Mr. Positive has had a difficult time gaining yards on offense this season until the final seconds.
(Sept. 26, 2004) -- Quick takes on some of Week 3 #39;s more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Indianapolis 45, Green Bay 31: The class of NFL quarterbacking squared off in this one. The class of NFL pass defense did not. The predictable result was a highly entertaining shootout that saw Peyton Manning 
Record loss for Schrder in biggest state Germany #39;s Social Democrat chancellor, Gerhard Schrder, suffered a humiliating election defeat in the party #39;s traditional stronghold yesterday.
Oil Heads Toward \$49.40 Record  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices pushed above \$49 a barrel  on Monday, approaching record levels as worries about the  stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compounded  concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter.
Audio spam, new harassment to Internet users A scientific study shows that audio spam, or spit, will be a new headache for Internet users. The study is carried out by a Maryland-based technology company, China Radio International reported Monday.
Guillen banned for postseason too, if Angels make it The Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen for the remainder of the season and the postseason, if they qualify, the team announced Sunday night.
Eagles Are Where the Lions Want to Be He turned a grown man #39;s game into a day on the sandlot, straying from the confines of the playbook, fleeing trouble on the balls of his feet.
Ichiro gets one more hit as M #39;s play spoiler against Rangers ARLINGTON, Texas - The Texas Rangers might not be in a must-win situation yet, but they #39;re hurting their playoff chances with each loss.
Dover II: Tony Stewart race report DOVER, Del., (Sept. 26, 2004) - A sixth-place finish in any type of race car at Dover International Speedway is a solid and respectable achievement, but after two wins, nine top-fives and now 11 top-10 results 
Bigleys brother pleads with Blair PAUL Bigley, brother of the Iraqi hostage Ken, last night appealed to Tony Blair to  quot;pick up the bloody phone quot; to save his brother #39;s life.
Leading al Qaeda suspect killed in gun battle PARAMILITARY police killed a suspected top al Qaeda operative in a four-hour gun battle at a house in southern Pakistan yesterday.
Iran #39;s Asefi: No plan to quit NPT Iran stressed Sunday its commitment to voluntary suspension of uranium enrichment, but warned against hauling Tehran to the UN Security Council for possible sanctions.
Britain doing everything for hostage release: Blair: World News London, Sep 26 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair reiterated Sunday his government would do everything it could to win the release of a Briton taken hostage in Iraq, Xinhua reports.
St. Helens Activity May Signal Explosion (AP) AP - A strengthening series of earthquakes at Mount St. Helens prompted seismologists Sunday to warn that the once-devastating volcano may see a small explosion soon.
Plane Diverted to London on Bomb Threat (AP) AP - A bomb threat that mentioned Iraq forced a New York-bound Greek airliner to make an emergency landing Sunday at London's Stansted Airport escorted by military jets, authorities said.
Government spending will push up Australian interest rates, critics warn (AFP) AFP - The Australian government has defended its big-spending election promises as opponents and some economists claimed its new commitments would push up the very interest rates it is promising to hold back.
Strong Charges Are Exchanged Before Debate The intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.
Another Hurricane Roars Across Mid-Florida Hurricane Jeanne caused at least five deaths, making landfall almost exactly where Frances did over Labor Day weekend.
Kevin Costner Weds at His Aspen Ranch ASPEN, Colo. - "Dances with Wolves" star Kevin Costner has wed his girlfriend of five years, Christine Baumgartner, at his Colorado mountain ranch...
Spy Imagery Agency Watching Inside U.S. BETHESDA, Md. - In the name of homeland security, America's spy imagery agency is keeping a close eye, close to home...
Multiplex Offers A\$1.3 Billion for Ronin Property (Update1) Multiplex Ltd., the Australian construction company that is building London #39;s Wembley Stadium, offered A\$1.33 billion (\$950 million) for Ronin Property Group as it seeks access to the property trust #39;s steady rental income.
Singh breaks Woods #39; single-year money record with third straight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Singh broke the PGA Tour single-year money record Woods set while winning three majors in 2000, holding off Stewart Cink to win the 84 Lumber Classic by one shot Sunday for his third consecutive victory.
Singh Dominating At Lumber Classic FARMINGTON, Pa. -- Just when Vijay Singh thinks he can #39;t play better, he does. Just when it seems he can #39;t do much more during his Tiger Woods-like season, he does that, too.
Philadelphia visits surprising Lions in game featuring two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; They beat the Minnesota Vikings in the 13th game of the 2001 season, guaranteeing the Lions would not be the NFL #39;s first 0-16 team.
Dodgers Extend Lead Over Giants Look for a definition of a big-game pitcher anywhere, and you probably would not find Jeff Weaver #39;s name. Weaver, a Los Angeles right-hander, after all, was 12-12 
Singh sets money record with eighth win Vijay Singh is leaving little doubt in anyone #39;s mind who #39;s the No. 1 golfer in the world. Singh shook off a challenge from Stewart Cink on Sunday at the 84 LUMBER Classic to claim his eighth PGA TOUR title of 2004.
Dolphins RB Gordon Injures Shoulder (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins running back Lamar Gordon left Sunday's game against Pittsburgh in the first quarter with a left shoulder injury after a jarring tackle by safety Chris Hope.
Brown Suffers Rocky Return in Feisty Finale There was Kevin Brown at his worst, Curt Schilling at his best and baseball's most bitter rivalry at its end - for now, anyway.
Students heckle Iranian president Iranian students interrupt a speech by President Khatami to mark Student Day at Tehran university.
Positive Identity Emerges for Giants' Offense Most of the credit offensively went to Kurt Warner, the man who delivered the ball and created team chemistry by the way he did it.
Old School, Part 2 Joe Gibbs will meet his coaching nemesis, Bill Parcells, for the first time since 1990 on Monday when the Redskins play the rival Cowboys.
Dodging Harm Alex Cora's second homer in two days provides the spark Los Angeles needs to beat San Francisco 7-4 and extend its lead to 2 1/2 games in the NL West.
U.S. Gets Spain in Final The United States completes a 4-0 sweep over Belarus Sunday after Andy Roddick's win, and heads to Spain for the Davis Cup finals.
Terps Take Break Improvement is both the hope and expectation as Maryland enters a bye week before facing a series of dangerous ACC teams.
Newman Wins at Dover Ryan Newman resuscitates his fragile title hopes by winning the MBNA America 400 on another day of dizzying scoreboard watching.
Big Wi-Fi Project for Philadelphia What would Benjamin Franklin say? Philadelphia plans citywide free Wi-Fi Internet access for computer users.
If Hockey Is Out, Best Thing on Ice May Be a Computer Game A cable channel plans to resurrect each of the 1,230 regular-season games listed on the league's defunct 2004-2005 schedule by setting them in motion on a video game console.
What's in the Box? Radio Tags Know That, and More I.B.M. plans to invest \$250 million over the next five years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
Maker of Palm Software to Unveil Operating System for Smart Phones PalmSource is set to announce its first operat- ing system for smart phones, with applications typically found on desktop computers.
Music Sites Ask, 'Why Buy If You Can Rent?' Virgin is the first major music retailer to enter the download market in introducing a music store to sell music as streams of bits to be downloaded from the Internet.
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s Cochlear To Ramp Up Output SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian ear implant maker Cochlear Ltd. (COH.AU) said Monday it has moved quickly to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following 
Angels suspend Guillen for rest of season CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Anaheim Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen for the rest of the season without pay Sunday following an outburst during a game the previous night.
Kim lands maiden victory Christina Kim fired a closing 65 to win the Longs Drugs Challenge by one shot over Karrie Webb in California. Kim, 20, the first-round leader, landed her first LPGA title with five birdies on the back nine to finish on 18 under.
Serb leader apologises in Bosnia Serbian President Boris Tadic says sorry for crimes committed in the name of the Serb people in Bosnia.
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s Cochlear To Ramp Up Output -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian ear implant maker Cochlear Ltd. (COH.AU) said Monday it has moved quickly to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following 
Music Notes Apple vs Apple: Despite persistent rumors of an impending settlement, the trademark dispute between Apple Corps, the Beatles #39; record company, and Apple Computer remained unresolved as of late September.
Singh breaks Woods #39; money record Having overtaken Tiger Woods as the world #39;s premier golfer, Vijay Singh on Sunday pushed Woods further into his wake by claiming the PGA Tour #39;s single-season money record.
Serena Williams picks China Open title Serena Williams of US holds the championship trophy after defeating Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia in the inaugural China Open women #39;s final September 26, 2004, in Beijing.
Report: HP to Stop Using Intel Itanium Chip  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Printer and PC maker Hewlett-Packard  Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; will stop offering desktop workstations based on  Intel Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; Itanium microprocessor, The Wall Street  Journal reported on its online edition.
Oil Heads Toward  #36;49.40 Record (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices pushed above  #36;49 a barrel\on Monday, approaching record levels as worries about the\stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compounded\concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter.
UK launches 10m recycling effort The UK government launches a 10m multi-media advertising campaign to encourage the British public to recycle their waste.
Nikkei Weighed Down by Oil, Economy  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 0.79 percent by  midday on Monday, extending losses into a seventh session as  worries about higher oil prices hit airlines, while banks and  retailers wilted on concerns about the domestic economic  outlook.
Report: HP to Stop Using Intel Itanium Chip (Reuters) Reuters - Printer and PC maker Hewlett-Packard\Co.  will stop offering desktop workstations based on\Intel Corp.'s  Itanium microprocessor, The Wall Street\Journal reported on its online edition.
Lebanese delegation to UN states its case ahead of Annan report on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIRUT: UN Mideast envoy Terje Roed Larsen is putting the final touches on a UN report on the compliance of both Lebanon and Syria with Resolution 1559.
Index funds, once considered mediocre, come of age Index funds aren #39;t splashy. They never lead the  quot;mutual fund of the month quot; lists or get plugged by commentators on the financial news.
NASA Struggles for Shuttles #39; Return Twenty months after the Columbia tragedy, NASA is still struggling to overcome serious engineering hurdles to resume flying its space shuttles in March, a task that has become even tougher 
Report: HP to Stop Using Intel Itanium Chip Printer and PC maker Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will stop offering desktop workstations based on Intel Corp.
Kim rallies at Longs Drugs Challenge beating Webb by one shot Kim made a charge on the back nine Sunday, shooting a 6-under 65 at the Longs Drugs Challenge for a one-shot victory over Karrie Webb.
INTER FIGHT BACK FOR A POINT Internazionale striker Christian Vieri was booed out of the San Siro on Sunday as his team twice came from behind to snatch a point.
NFL News, Notes, and One Liners  The Indianapolis Colts and Green Bay Packers added fireworks to Sunday #39;s action with an explosive start, which included 412 yards of total offense and 35 points scored... in the first quarter alone. Colts 
Darfur Governor Says Rebels Attempted Coup EL GENEINA, Sudan Sept. 26, 2004 - West Darfur #39;s governor on Sunday linked an alleged coup attempt against the national government to a rebellion in western Sudan, saying the same group was behind both insurrections.
Syria Defends Its Role in Lebanon Syria did not interfere in Lebanon #39;s recent presidential elections and has no interest in controlling its smaller neighbor, Syria #39;s foreign minister said Sunday.
Small Syrian force withdraws from Lebanon About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles returned home from Lebanon on Thursday, part of a wider redeployment of forces that the United States described as encouraging.
Telstra #39;s \$750 million Share Buy-Back Telstra Corporation has announced details of its plan to invite all shareholders to participate in a \$750 milion off-market share buy-back.
Philippines Readies Emergency Iraq Plans (AP) AP - The Philippine government is preparing contingency plans to evacuate more than 4,000 citizens working in Iraq if violence escalates ahead of U.S. and British elections, the labor secretary said Sunday.
South Korea calls for resumption of nuclear talks (AFP) AFP - South Korean Foreign Minister Ban Ki-Moon called at the United Nations for a swift resumption of talks aimed at convincing North Korea to shelve its nuclear weapons programme.
Multiplex moves on Ronin By staff writers and wires. MULTIPLEX Group has offered \$1.33 billion to takeover Ronin Property Group in one of the latest moves of consolidation in the listed property trust sector.
Angels Rip A's 6-2, Chip Away at AL West (AP) AP - Troy Glaus drove in three runs to back a strong outing by John Lackey, and the Anaheim Angels beat Oakland 6-2 Sunday to pull within one game of the AL West-leading Athletics with a week to play.
AL Wrap: Schilling Shines as Red Sox Romp Past Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - David Ortiz's two-run double launched\a four-run first inning and Curt Schilling allowed one hit over\seven frames to power the Boston Red Sox to an 11-4 win over\the New York Yankees in the American League Sunday.
NFL Wrap: McNabb Sparkles for Eagles, Manning Delights Colts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the  Detroit Lions 30-13 Sunday in a clash of two previously  unbeaten teams.
Umpire Leaves Game Umpire Ed Montague was in good condition at a hospital after leaving Sunday's game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers because of high blood pressure.
IBM #39;s PC business up for sale Purchasers of IBM #39;s desktops and laptops were shocked to learn last week that IBM may be putting its PC business up on the auction block.
Israel may limit worshippers at Jerusalem Israel has warned that a part of a hotly disputed religious site could collapse on top of thousands of Muslims during the upcoming Islamic holy month.
Poll impact dents Telstra TELSTRA Corp Ltd #39;s share price was being impacted by uncertaintly about the election, chief financial officer John Stanhope said.
US Airways files motion for pay cut SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Bankrupt US Airways Group filed a court motion Friday evening seeking permission to make pay cuts totaling \$38 million per month, saying that the move is necessary to preserve about 34,000 jobs.
Asian stocks trade lower amid growing worries over higher oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE : Asian share prices opened on a soft note on Monday as blue chips came under selling pressure amid growing worries over higher oil prices.
NASA: Hurricane Damages Shuttle Building The third hurricane to hit NASA (news - web sites) #39;s spaceport in just over a month blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive 
The Choice on the Environment ALTHOUGH POLITICIANS tend to talk about  quot;the environment quot; as if it were a single, easily defined topic, environmental issues range quite widely, from climate change to nuclear waste disposal to forest management.
Five out of six for awesome Singh VIJAY Singh continued his extraordinary run with victory in the Pennsylvania Classic last night, completing his fifth PGA Tour win in six starts and breaking Tiger Woodss single-season earnings record.
Webb comes up one short Australia #39;s Karrie Webb shot a terrific final round of seven-under 64, but it proved to be one shot too many as playing partner Christina Kim put together a 65 to win the LPGA Challenge event.
Henman slams Cup schedule Tim Henman said the Davis Cup schedule was too punishing after Great Britain were relegated from the World Group. GB went down 3-2 to Austria after an injured Greg Rusedski lost in the crucial fifth rubber to Stefan Koubek.
Koizumi keeps Japan guessing on cabinet reshuffle Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, back in Tokyo after an 11-day diplomatic mission to the Americas, hunkered down with senior ruling party officials on Friday to focus on a major reshuffle of cabinet and top party posts.
UN refugee chief says Sudan, rebels must cooperate Sudan #39;s government is likely to grant some autonomy to the violence-wracked Darfur region, but the rebels should help to end the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis, UN High Commissioner for Refu-gees Ruud Lubbers said.
Police given four more days to question men arrested on suspicion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; POLICE were yesterday granted more time to question four men arrested on suspicion of terrorism following a tip off from a Sunday newspaper.
Historians say Taj Mahals 350th anniversary up to a decade too &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AGRA - As India Monday prepares to launch celebrations marking the 350th anniversary of the Taj Mahal, the countrys famed monument to love, historians say the festivities are up to a decade too late.
N. Korea talks end; no progress reported BEIJING (Kyodo) Japan pressed North Korea on Sunday to provide fuller accounts of 10 Japanese who Tokyo says were abducted by Pyongyang agents, but the North did not provide new information as they wrapped up two days of talks, Japan #39;s chief delegate said 
Bomb Threat Plane Given All-Clear The Greek airliner forced to make an emergency landing at Stansted airport following a bomb threat has been given the all-clear by police today.
Dollar Sticks to Range Vs Yen (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar moved in narrow ranges against\the yen on Monday as option-related and exporter selling capped\the U.S. currency and traders awaited the Bank of Japan's key\corporate sentiment survey.
Fannie Mae Takes New Approach in Crisis Independent probe might throw some top executives overboard.
Broadman Takes Tougher Stance Negotiator for D.C. hotel workers faces crucial test of his leadership.
Hecht's Adopts Smarter Look  In the cosmetics department at Hecht's in downtown Washington, construction crews have ripped out the traditional glass display cases, replacing them with a system of open shelves stacked high with fragrances from Chanel, Burberry and Armani, now easily within arm's reach of the impulse buyer.
Lazard Is Near a Public Offer, Executives Say Bruce Wasserstein, who runs Lazard, the private investment bank, is developing a plan to take the company public, according to executives.
Overseas partners sought to revamp Northeast China China will strengthen ties with foreign partners to revitalize the economy in Northeast China and to further co-operation in Northeast Asia, a senior official said.
Internet Vote A Success According to Swiss authorities, history was made Sunday when 2723 people in four communities in canton Geneva, Switzerland, voted online in a national federal referendum.
Barcelona beat Real Mallorca Two goals in two minutes from Cameroon international Samuel Eto #39;o formed the backbone of a 3-1 win for Barcelona away at Real Mallorca in the Spanish La Liga on Sunday.
Powell: Worsening insurgency makes election difficult in Iraq US Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sunday that the escalating insurgency in Iraq could make the organizing of election in the country difficult, while atleast 16 people were killed in rebel attacks in Iraq.
Officials fear Temple Mount could collapse Officials said yesterday the number of Muslim worshipers allowed onto the Temple Mount in Jerusalem during the coming month of Ramadan may have to be limited because of a danger the biblical-era complex might collapse.
Feds Indict CA Ex-CEO Kumar Months of legal woes and executive shuffling came to a resolution of sorts last week for Computer Associates. Federal prosecutors indicted former CEO Sanjay Kumar for back-dating contracts 
World markets - 27 September 2004 New York - The first US presidential debate this week and a load of data on consumer spending will settle some questions that have been hanging over US stocks, and equity strategists and traders say the decreased uncertainty could draw buyers back to the 
Wal-Mart #39;s Way Growing up in blue-collar Fort Wayne, Ind., Linda Dillman once contemplated a career as a beautician. But she chose a different path.
CB #39;s forced fumble halts Packers #39; attack For most of the first 54 minutes of Sunday #39;s game, Indianapolis Colts cornerback Jason David was definitely a marked man, a rookie fourth-round draft choice who could almost 
Air raids, attack kill 25 in Iraq towns: Women, children included FALLUJAH, Sept 26: At least 25 people were killed in US air strikes on Fallujah and an insurgent attack on a petrol convoy in the nearby town of Latifiya on Sunday.
Security forces kill Amjad Farooqi NAWABSHAH, Sept 26: An alleged terrorist, who was later identified as an Al Qaeda kingpin Amjad Farooqi, was killed and seven other people, including two women and three children , were arrested 
Collins, Raiders Crush Buccanneers 30-20 (AP) AP - Kerry Collins, the amiable backup quarterback who has repeatedly promised to be ready when needed, replaced injured starter Rich Gannon and calmly directed the Oakland Raiders to an emotional 30-20 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday night.
Fannie Mae Said Near Deal on Capital  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Embattled mortgage finance giant  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; was close to a deal with regulators late on  Sunday that would force the company to keep billions of dollars  more in cash on hand while it corrects accounting problems, a  source familiar with the negotiations said.
Chen defends arms package Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian () said yesterday a controversial arms deal was part of the government #39;s attempts to deter any attempt by rival China to invade the island.
Jupiter drifted towards sun in its youth Jupiter, the king of planets in the solar system, drifted tens of millions of kilometres towards the sun in its youth, a new study suggests.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- Twenty months after haunting the Oakland Raiders in Super Bowl XXXVII, Jon Gruden experienced a nightmare in the Black Hole.
NFL Game Summary - Pittsburgh At Miami Miami, FL -- Ben Roethlisberger threw for 163 yards and a touchdown in his first career start, leading the Pittsburgh Steelers over the Miami Dolphins 13-3 at a water-logged Pro Player Stadium.
Bomb alert plane given all-clear A New York-bound Greek passenger jet has been given the all-clear after it was forced to make an emergency landing at a London airport following a bomb threat, police say.
Taj Mahal Celebrates 350th Anniversary Ceremonies are planned near Agra, where the white marble monument to love was built in the 17th century as a tomb for emperor Shah Jahan #39;s most beloved wife.
China leaders warn of corruption China's Communist Party tells its members that  corruption could threaten its hold on power.
Bomb threat jet given all-clear A Greek Olympic Airlines flight is allowed to fly again after a bomb threat diverted it to a British airport.
Labour to vote on Iraq withdrawal Gordon Brown will try to focus Labour conference on the economy, after delegates force a vote on Iraq.
Strong Charges Set New Tone Before Debate The intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.
As a Life Ebbs, the Ultimate Family Quarrel Medical advances are forcing more patients and families to confront ever more grueling choices about living and dying.
Collins, Raiders Crush Buccanneers 30-20 OAKLAND, Calif. - Kerry Collins, the amiable backup quarterback who has repeatedly promised to be ready when needed, replaced injured starter Rich Gannon and calmly directed the Oakland Raiders to an emotional 30-20 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday night...
Linux growing on SMB desktops: Yankee Group According to the Yankee Group, the adoption of Linux on the desktop should grow to the mid-single digits in the next year. It #39;s common knowledge that Microsoft rules the desktop operating system (OS) environment 
Folded ice discovered beneath Antarctica WASHINGTON - Glaciers in Antarctica are thinning faster than they did in the 1990s and researchers have discovered an unexpected folded section deep beneath the ice cap, findings that may indicate the ice is less stable than had been thought.
Colts outscore Packers in home opener on strength of Manning #39;s arm INDIANAPOLIS -- All of the talk leading up to this week #39;s matchup between the Indianapolis Colts and the Green Bay Packers focused on the quarterbacks and the shootout the two would have.
Al Qaeda leader reportedly killed in Pakistan Pakistani paramilitary forces killed one of the most wanted militants in the country Sunday, a government official said. Amjad Hussain Farooqi was killed in an early morning raid 
 #39;Most people don #39;t know what to do - to give in or leave it #39; At the family home of hostage Kenneth Bigley yesterday, the interminable wait for news entered its 11th day. A solitary policeman stood guard outside the terraced house in Walton, Liverpool, close to Everton #39;s 
US Airways Outlines Time Frame for Possible Liquidation US Airways faces a "high probability" of liquidation by mid-February if the temporary pay cuts it requested are not approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court.
Terrorists Have Oil Industry in Cross Hairs Terrorists and insurgents are stepping up attacks on oil and gas operations overseas in an effort to disrupt jittery energy markets, destabilize governments and scare off foreign workers, analysts said.
Agencies Postpone Issuing New Rules Until After Election Federal agencies have delayed a range of proposed regulations from food safety to corporate governance until after Election Day.
Six Sigma: A Hollywood Studio Learns the G.E. Way There are more signs that the shotgun marriage between NBC and Universal is anything but tranquil.
Briefly: IronPort spam shield gets steelier roundup Plus: Via brings PCI Express to AMD PCs...Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic...TV chip company gets \$19 million.
Australia #39;s Telstra announces details of A\$750 million share &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY: Australia #39;s dominant telecommunications firm, Telstra, has unveiled details of a 750 million dollar (532 million US) off-market share buy-back as part of a three-year, 4.5 billion dollar capital management program.
X Prize Launch Set For Wednesday At Mojave; Canadians On Hold Following its successful test flight in June, the American Mojave Aerospace team, led by Burt Rutan and backed by Paul Allen, plans to launch its first official flight in pursuit of the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Wednesday.
Colts Take Down Packers in NFL Shootout The Indianapolis Colts built a huge lead Sunday and then held on to beat the visiting Green Bay Packers, 45-31, in a battle between two of the strongest National Football League quarterbacks.
Alas, there #39;s no  #39;Team #39; in  #39;Jose #39; ANAHEIM -- Entering the last week of a red-hot division race that is still uphill for them, the Anaheim Angels suspended their second-biggest run producer for showing up the team.
In the Rain, Pittsburgh Makes a Mess of Miami The hurricane-weary Miami Dolphins had their matchup against Pittsburgh moved back to a night game because of Hurricane Jeanne. But the Steelers also had reasons to be out 
Blair: Labor will not buckle Tony Blair has said his Labor party will not cave in despite poor poll ratings, backbench revolts, and protests over hunting and the Iraq war.
Musharraf terms talks with Singh gain for peace AMSTERDAM: President General Pervez Musharraf has described the progress made during his talks with the Indian Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh in New York as a gain for peace.
ETF INVESTING BOSTON (CBS.MW) - A recent spate of index-fund expense reductions by Fidelity Investments and others has been widely interpreted as a direct challenge to low-cost index leader The Vanguard Group, but they also take aim at the burgeoning exchange-traded 
Residents could get power update Tuesday FPL officials don #39;t yet know whether they #39;re facing a repair or rebuild effort. Nearly 1.6 million households and businesses are without power from Hurricane Jeanne, but residents in Palm Beach County could 
Favre-Manning matchup lived up to billing The matchup featured two of the NFL #39;s best quarterbacks, a former and current MVP. Sunday #39;s game between the Indianapolis Colts and Green Bay Packers was billed as Brett 
Angels suspend Guillen without pay for rest of season Angels left fielder Jose Guillen was suspended for the rest of the season Sunday because of his outburst after being lifted for a pinch runner a day earlier.
Seahawks Slant Defense: Ken Lucas. His biggest play was his first one. The fourth-year cornerback intercepted a Ken Dorsey pass that kissed off the hands of wide receiver Rashaun Woods and returned it 25 yards to set up the Seahawks #39; first score.
Does the Patent System Need an Overhaul? Two professors argue that seemingly innocuous reforms have caused a shift away from encouraging innovation in favor of exploiting patents largely for lawsuits.
No pacemen in top grade of new Indian cricket contract system (AFP) AFP - The Indian cricket board has announced a long-awaited list of contracted players under a new system which starts from October 1.
Opera returns to Milan's La Scala Milan's world-famous opera house La Scala is re-opening on Tuesday after a three-year closure for renovation.
Truckers of Iraq's Pony Express Are Risking It All for a Paycheck Lured by paychecks that are double or triple what they earned in the U.S., truckers are risking their lives - and occasionally losing them - working in Iraq.
1.6 million FPL customers lose electricity With the third hurricane in six weeks to hit its service area, Florida Power  amp; Light Co. is scrambling to find workers from other states to help restore electricity to nearly 1.6 million 
China #39;s GDP to grow 9 percent: state commission China #39;s economy was expected to grow by about nine percent this year, a senior official with the State Development and Reform Commission was quoted as saying by the Beijing News on Saturday.
Itanium unsuitable for workstations, Intel says THE ITANIUM was never really important for the workstation market, Intel has said, causing us to choke over our salty porridge this morning.
Second KO leaves Jones #39; future fuzzy Glen Johnson and Antonio Tarver were joking about a unification bout. Roy Jones, considered by some the world #39;s best pound-for-pound fighter, was in the back of an ambulance.
Agassi could return for Davis Cup final Andre Agassi hasn #39;t played Davis Cup since 2000, but US captain Patrick McEnroe said he wouldn #39;t rule out a return for the eight-time Grand Slam champion.
Eagles 30, Lions 13 After falling a game short of the Super Bowl the past three years, the Eagles seem to have the swagger and talent they #39;ve been missing.
SCORELESS IN SEATTLE Seattle -- - Not so long ago, the 49ers were inflicting on other teams the kind of pain and embarrassment they felt in their 34-0 loss to the Seahawks on Sunday.
Umpire Leaves Mariners-Rangers Game (AP) AP - First-base umpire Ed Montague was treated and released at an Arlington hospital after leaving Sunday's game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers before the start of the fifth inning because of elevated blood pressure.
Steelers Slog to Win The Steelers forces four turnovers, makes a key fourth-down stop and beats the hapless Miami Dolphins, 13-3, Sunday night.
Singh Makes History Vijay Singh breaks the PGA Tour single-year money record Tiger Woods set in 2000, holding off a fast-finishing Stewart Cink to win the 84 Lumber Classic.
Mexican firm 'eyes \$4bn RMC bid' Mexican group Cemex is reportedly set to make a \$4bn takeover bid for RMC, the UK firm that is the world's biggest supplier of ready-mixed concrete.
Finneran set for new post amid probe The Massachusetts Biotechnology Council is preparing to hire House Speaker Thomas M. Finneran even though a key confidant of his said yesterday that Finneran has received no official confirmation that federal prosecutors have closed a perjury 
Swiss e-vote gets thumbs up SWITZERLAND HAS managed to stage what it thinks is the first legally binding internet vote in a national referendum. More than 2720 people in four Geneva suburbs, about one in five voters in the region who 
North Beaches CAPE CANAVERALShuttles in good shape, but VAB loses more panels. NASA #39;s three space shuttles are just fine, but the already damaged Vehicle Assembly Building lost more of wall panels to Hurricane Jeanne.
 #39;Chucky #39; gets horrific reception OAKLAND, Calif. - Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Jon Gruden returned to Network Associates Coliseum on Sunday. The stadium is the place he first became a coach.
VNU to sell World Directories Group SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) VNU (NL:38987) , the Dutch media group that owns TV ratings group Nielsen, said early Monday it has signed a definitive agreeement to sell its World Directories Group to World Directories Acquisition Corp.
Mexican firm  #39;eyes \$4bn RMC bid #39; UK firm RMC, the world #39;s biggest maker of ready-mixed concrete, is reportedly to get a takeover bid worth at least \$4bn (2.2bn) from Mexican group Cemex.
Fannie Mae #39;s fall from grace A shocking expose hit the Street last week about one of the best-loved, most all-American companies out there: Fannie Mae, the mortgage and financial services giant.
Australian Oil Producers Gain, Led by Woodside; Origin Falls Australian oil producers #39; stocks such as Woodside Petroleum Ltd. rose after crude oil climbed to a record amid concern that hurricane damage in North America will disrupt supply.
Storm zaps recently restored electricity Hurricane Jeanne knocked out power to 250,000 Brevard County customers, though about 45,000 had electricity restored by Sunday evening, company spokeswoman Kathy Scott said.
Red Hat big wig attacks Sun A RED HAT vice president has slammed Sun for refusing to open source its Java code and hanging on like grim death to its patents. The bone of contention is the April agreement between Sun and Microsoft.
Singh Wins in Pennsylvania to Break Woods #39;s PGA Earnings Record Vijay Singh won the 84 Lumber Classic of Pennsylvania to push his yearly winnings to more than \$9.45 million and break Tiger Woods #39;s single-season money record.
Chinese sweet and sour for Ferrari team Shanghai: Rubens Barrichello claimed the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix yesterday, with Ferrari team-mate Michael Schumacher finishing a hard-luck weekend in 12th place, more than a lap behind.
Dodgers ax Giants, boost West lead SAN FRANCISCO - Eric Gagne zipped one last pitch past Deivi Cruz, then screamed for joy while San Francisco #39;s fans groaned. Gagne knew his two innings of work had resulted in more than just another save.
Hurtin #39; for certain Grossman injured late in Bears #39; loss to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Player of the game: Minnesota QB Daunte Culpepper passed for 248 yards and two TDs, and also ran for a score. Key stat: The Bears had 14 penalties for 101 yards.
Angels inch within a game of Athletics John Lackey fell behind early before Anaheim rallied behind three RBIs from Troy Glaus to beat Oakland 6-2 on Sunday to close within one game of the AL West-leading Athletics with a week to play.
Thai Suspected Bird Flu Case Fans Human Link Fear Thailand, rattled by fears a girl passed bird flu to her mother, said Monday it has no evidence there has been human-to-human transmission of the deadly H5N1 virus in the country.
Thai suspected bird flu case fans human link fear BANGKOK -- Thai and international health officials held an emergency meeting on Monday to review a case in which there is a  quot;very remote possibility quot; bird flu was passed from human to human, a senior WHO official said.
Israel Defense Official Threatens Syria (AP) AP - A senior Israeli defense official harshly threatened Syria on Monday, accusing President Bashar Assad of direct involvement in terrorism, but stopping short of confirming that Israel was responsible for killing a Hamas leader in Damascus.
Haitians Pray for 1,500 Killed by Jeanne (AP) AP - In a cathedral ankle-deep in mud and overturned pews, Haitians prayed for 1,500 killed by Tropical Storm Jeanne and gave thanks for their lives  #151; though most lost homes and belongings  #151; while the United Nations rushed in hundreds more peacekeepers to stem looting by gangsters and ordinary citizens of the ravaged city of Gonaives.
Japanese Cabinet Resigns Before Reshuffle (AP) AP - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his Cabinet on Monday, in hopes of solidifying his power and boosting his ability to carry out reforms.
Japan PM Reshuffles Cabinet, Keeps Some Ministers  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro  reshuffled his cabinet Monday to try to boost his popularity  and bolster his ability to implement reforms, but the retention  of several key ministers led some analysts to question whether  he would succeed.
Pakistan al-Qaeda suspect killed Pakistan says al-Qaeda suffers a major blow as the country's most wanted terror suspect is shot dead.
US air strikes 'target Sadr City' US forces are reported to have launched overnight air attacks in Baghdad's Sadr City suburb.
Golf: Record earnings for Singh  Vijay Singh leads from start to finish to win the 84 Lumber Classic  and eclipse Tiger Woods' season earnings record.
Man tried for UK student's murder The trial of a man accused of murdering York backpacker Caroline Stuttle begins in Australia.
Karzai visits rival's stronghold The Afghan president makes a rare visit to the north just two weeks before the country's first presidential elections.
Oil prices threaten fresh record Opec's president says oil supply is adequate as the price of US light, crude comes within 4 cents of its all-time record.
Bush, Kerry Rev Up for Campaign Face-Off CRAWFORD, Texas - It's a classic pre-debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. While President Bush and Democrat John Kerry remained secluded half a country apart on Sunday in preparation for their prime-time showdown Thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double-barreled debate strategy...
NZ stocks: Contact shares dump 13c in reasonable trade Shares in Contact Energy dumped 13c of their value after the firm #39;s independent directors urged minority holders to not accept the takeover offer by Australian firm Origin Energy.
VT Group says has no plans to buy BAE shipbuilding LONDON (CBS.MW) -- British shipbuilders VT Group (UK:VTG) said Monday it has no plans to acquire BAE Systems (UK:BA) shipbuilding activities, but added it  quot;remains focused... on assisting the UK government 
Virgin selling music via Net Long before Richard Branson became the latest billionaire with a reality TV show, before he started his cellphone company, his airline and his record label, he sold music from the Virgin Record Shop on Oxford Street in London.
India #39;s unmanned moon mission going smoothly: official India #39;s unmanned moon mission -Chandrayan - is expected to take place in 2007-08 as it is progressing smoothly, the country #39;s space agency chief G. MadhavanNair said here Sunday.
Marlon King #39;s stunner does it for Forest NOTTINGHAM, England (AFP) - A superb last-minute goal by Nottingham Forest #39;s Jamaican international Marlon King wrapped up a suitable ending here yesterday on a day dedicated to remembering former manager Brian Clough, who died of stomach cancer last 
Serena topples US Open champ in China Top seed Serena Williams rallied to claim the China Open yesterday, taking a hard fought 4-6, 7-5, 6-4 win over US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova.
NOTEBOOK: Bye week very timely for banged-up Lions Had they beaten Philadelphia, the Lions might feel different about taking a week off this early in the season. Had they gone into October with a 3-0 record, they would have been eager to keep the roll going.
Haitians pray for dead, give thanks for their lives GONAIVES, HAITI -- Haitians surrounded by the destruction from tropical storm Jeanne prayed for the 1,500 dead and gave thanks their lives were spared at church services yesterday while the United Nations rushed more peacekeepers in to stem looting in the 
Virgin launches new digital music service Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group has become the latest company to throw its hat into the online music ring by launching the Virgin Digital service.
Israel assassinates Hamas militant in Damascus Israel assassinated a Palestinian militant with a car bomb that exploded after he started his vehicle yesterday. It was Israel #39;s first slaying of a Hamas member on Syrian 
McNair Injures Sternum Against Jaguars (AP) AP - Steve McNair, the NFL's 2003 co-MVP, bruised his sternum Sunday and was admitted to the hospital for the night.
Dollar Stuck Vs Yen as 'Tankan' Awaited  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar shuffled in narrow ranges  against the yen on Monday as option-related and exporter  selling capped the U.S. currency and traders awaited a key  corporate sentiment survey from the Bank of Japan.
Man Utd unveils dip in profits Manchester United says player transfers and a weaker performance on the pitch cut its full-year profits by nearly a third.
Meet too-familiar story with familiar response Just three weeks after the first strike, Jeanne on Saturday and Sunday tracked Frances across the state. It reopened some wounds and cut new ones, some of them deeper because of 
Virgin Records enters the music download market Monday Long before Richard Branson dreamed of becoming the latest billionaire with a reality TV show, before he started his cell phone company, his airline and his record label, he sold music from the Virgin Record Shop on Oxford St.
Opening Pages The title was really meant to scare you. I bet it brought memories of those zombie films prevalent in the 80s. Dont worry. Your PCs wont suddenly get up in the middle of the night and scare the hell out of you.
Red Hat exec takes Sun to task on open source A top Red Hat executive has attacked the open-source credentials of its sometime business partner Sun Microsystems. In a Web log posting Thursday, Michael Tiemann, Red Hat #39;s vice president of open-source affairs 
Microsoft Takes Stands Against Spam, Sanctions Sectors of the Internet world are still buzzing over the release of a Microsoft patent application that appears to claim rights to the underlying method proposed by companies to better determine 
Rubens flies in Shanghai Rubens Barrichello has sealed second place in the 2004 world drivers championship with an all-the-way success in the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Japanese Cabinet Resigns Before Reshuffle TOKYO Sept. 27, 2004 - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his Cabinet on Monday, in hopes of solidifying his power and boosting his ability to carry out reforms.
Peacekeepers rushed to Haiti to halt looting Haitians surrounded by the destruction of Hurricane Jeanne prayed for the 1,500 dead during church services yesterday and gave thanks 
Around the world Paramilitary police killed a suspected top Al Qaeda operative Sunday in a four-hour gun battle at a house in southern Pakistan. The raid also led to the arrest of two other men, the information minister said.
Threats trail man organizing Gaza withdrawal The criticism from members of his own kibbutz marked the first sign of trouble for Yonatan Bassi. Then came the comparisons to Nazis and death threats.
Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Falls; Origin Declines, Woodside Climbs Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index fell for a third day. Origin Energy Ltd. declined after New Zealand #39;s Contact Energy Ltd.
SUSAN TOMPOR: Credit card issuers raise big penalties Savvy consumers should skip over the bold print for 0-percent introductory rates for credit cards and head straight to the penalty box.
Deutsche property trust merger approved Investors approved a merger between the three Deutsche property trusts to form a \$3 billion group, in one of the latest examples of consolidation in the listed property sector.
Hotmail to wean users from free export tool As many as 18 million Hotmail subscribers will be weaned Monday from a free service that lets them export e-mail to another mail client, under Microsoft MSN #39;s new spam-fighting plan.
Corporate cybersecurity: Awareness, but no action KUALA LUMPUR: Organisations around the world are not protecting their information sufficiently against increasingly more potent threats, a new survey by Ernst  amp; Young has found.
Rubens on hunt for rent-a-bed China #39;s fastest driver, Rubens Barrichello, would rather rent a bed on the main straight of the Formula One track than commute to a Shanghai hotel every day.
European press review In Monday #39;s European papers, Swiss voters #39; rejection of proposals to loosen its tough citizenship rules is met with disappointment.
Ape Learning Center Welcoming 'Students' (AP) AP - Azy and Indah are heading to school this week  #151; a unique experience for two clever orangutans whose classroom will eventually encompass more than 200 acres of lowlands, river forest and lakes.
UPDATE 1-Ingram Micro to buy Tech Pacific for \$493 mln Ingram Micro Inc. (IM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest computer products distributor, on Monday said it would acquire Australia-based Tech Pacific for \$493 million in cash, including debt.
Ingram Micro Buys Tech Pacific to Expand in Asia Pacific Ingram Micro Inc, the world #39;s biggest distributor of computers and related parts, said it has agreed to buy Sydney-based Tech Pacific for A\$700 million (\$493 million) to expand in Asia Pacific.
Ministers to Tackle Global Finance Issues The global economy is healthy and no major financial crises loom. Yet finance ministers meeting this week must confront uncertainties about the fight against terrorism, rising interest rates and volatile oil prices.
HP to stop using Intel Itanium chip: WSJ New York, September 27: Printer and PC maker Hewlett-Packard Co will stop offering desktop workstations based on Intel Corp #39;s Itanium microprocessor, The Wall Street Journal reported on its online edition.
Folic acid reduces birth defects PAAIN - Routinely adding folic acid to foods like flour and pasta would significantly reduce the number of babies born with birth defects such as spina bifida, research showed.
Vijay Singh breaks earnings record Pennsylvania, Sep 27 - World number one Vijay Singh recorded his eighth victory of the season, winning the 84 Lumber Classic in Farmington, Pennsylvania, USA on Sunday by one stroke from Stewart Cink.
Vijay wins third straight event Farmington, Pennsylvania - Vijay Singh shot a three-under par 69 to win the \$4.2m PGA event on Sunday and capture his eighth title of 2004.
Spain through to Davis Cup final Teenager Rafael Nadal led Spain into the Davis Cup final on Sunday, but then admitted he may face a bit-part role in December #39;s title clash with the United States.
Two-minute drill: Players of the game, by the numbers Seahawks QB Matt Hasselbeck: Completed 21 of 30 passes for 254 yards and two touchdowns, good for a 117.9 quarterback rating. At one point, he completed seven passes in a row.
WHAT THE PAPERS SAY THE SUN: Wayne Rooney has got Europe running scared for his Champions League debut on Tuesday night. That is the view of Dutch ace Pierre van Hooijdonk, who will face the pair with Fenerbahce.
Shaun Alexander drags LB Julian Peterson SEATTLE - It was a year and 12 days since the Seahawks last held an opponent scoreless in a game. The last time the 49ers were held scoreless in a game was in 1977: Jimmy Carter was in office and David Krieg 
Airshow in the dome Brett Favre and a sea of green spilled into town Sunday afternoon and made their presence known at the Indianapolis Colts home opener.
A rough day could have been even worse for Lions Michael Robinson and Penn State assistant coach Bill Kenney returned to State College on Sunday after Robinson was held overnight at the University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics following Penn State #39;s 16-3 loss to the Badgers.
Fans come down hard on Gruden Jon Gruden, Tim Brown, Charlie Garner and the rest of the Tampa Bay Raider-neers returned to the Black Hole for the first time Sunday as visitors and the locals made sure they felt at home, delivering a true Silver- and-Black welcome: expletives, middle 
Top al-Qaeda Operative Killed in Pakistan Pakistan Times Staff Reporter / PT Monitoring Desk. NAWABSHAH: A suspected top al-Qaeda oper ative, Amjad Hussain Farooqi has been killed in a raid in southern Pakistan.
9/11 fireman praises passengers A New York fireman involved in the rescue effort following the September 11 attacks on the Twin Towers was among passengers on a plane diverted to London after a bomb alert.
Ex-US captive killed, say Afghans A former inmate at the US prison camp at Guantnamo Bay, Cuba, who reportedly returned to Afghanistan to rejoin the Taliban as a key commander was killed in a raid by 
Qaeda suspect shot dead in Pakistan was killed in a clash in the small southern city of Nawabshah, 130 km (80 miles) northeast of Karachi on Sunday. he was accompanying Musharraf on an official visit.
Turkey passes penal code aimed at clearing way for EU TURKEYS parliament met in emergency session yesterday to approve an urgent package of reforms expected to boost the countrys chances of starting membership talks with the European Union.
Militants Fire Rocket at Israeli Town Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fired a home-made rocket at a house in an Israeli town today, Israeli rescue services said, but no serious injuries were reported.
Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Falls, Led by Origin; Woodside Climbs Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index fell for a third day. Origin Energy Ltd. declined after New Zealand #39;s Contact Energy Ltd.
Latest scandal puts spotlight back on boards At first glance, it might seem as if software company Computer Associates International Inc. has cleaned up its act. Yes, its former CEO and another top executive were indicted last 
No allocation strategy is perfect for everyone Q: In a recent column, a reader bemoaned the fact he had placed all his retirement money in the Vanguard 500 Index mutual fund on your  quot;advice.
Money Tip Act quick when luggage is lost NEW YORK - You #39;ve arrived at your travel destination only to find that your luggage has not. Certain actions can make a big difference in how quickly your bag is recovered or in what kind of reimbursement you #39;ll receive if it #39;s lost.
Naval shipbuilders consider merger - reports Britain #39;s major naval shipbuilders have discussed merging their operations into a single joint venture, two newspapers have reported.
Ingram buys Tech Pacific Distribution giant Ingram Micro Inc has acquired Australia #39;s largest IT distributor Tech Pacific in a \$700 million (US\$493 million) cash deal.
AT amp;T #39;s text-only device debuts Aiming to please  quot;texting-crazed quot; young Americans, AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. is today launching a hand-held device called Ogo that lets people send unlimited 
Knockout proves it #39;s time for Roy Jones Jr. to retire Glen Johnson was supposed to leave the ring without the IBF light heavyweight championship belt he #39;d taken to Memphis. Not too many people doubted that.
Eagles teach, Lions learn The upstart Detroit Lions, heady with the success of their 2-0 start, were hoping to make a statement about where they stand on their personal road to improvement from being a team that #39;s 
Seahawks keep 49ers off board SEATTLE -- Once again, the Seattle Seahawks won with their dominant defense. This time, they ended an NFL record streak. Matt Hasselbeck threw for 254 yards with two TDs, Shaun Alexander scored three TDs and 
Blair admits feeling heat over hostage in Iraq Kidnappers holding a British hostage in Iraq have put Britain in a very difficult position through their effective use of the media, Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded in an interview with a Sunday newspaper.
Taj Mahal birthday party begins Some of India's top musicians are due to perform at a celebration to mark the 350th anniversary of the Taj Mahal.
Iraqi Guard commander arrested by US military BAGHDAD -- The US military announced yesterday that it had arrested a top Iraqi National Guard commander in Tikrit, accusing him of working with the insurgency. It was the most serious publicized confirmation so far that the growing resistance movement, which US officials admitted yesterday is fanning out from bases in Fallujah and Baghdad, has infiltrated the top echelons of ...
Threats trail man organizing Gaza withdrawal JERUSALEM -- The criticism from members of his own kibbutz marked the first sign of trouble for Yonatan Bassi. Then came the comparisons to Nazis and death threats.
A top Taliban commander reportedly killed in raid KANDAHAR, Afghanistan -- A former inmate at the US prison camp at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who returned to Afghanistan to rejoin the Taliban as a key commander, was killed with two other militiamen in a raid by Afghan security forces, two senior officials said yesterday.
Brown seeks to set Labour agenda Gordon Brown will try to focus Labour's conference on the economy, after delegates forced a vote on Iraq.
Scam involving cashier's checks is gaining steam Abigail R. Safran was taken for more than \$5,000 earlier this year in what appears to be a burgeoning scam involving counterfeit cashier's checks, but the Northeastern University student is balking at paying back the money because she says her bank bears some of the responsibility.
A notebook with muscles to flex Embracing a new gadget indubitably means parting with some hard earned dinero. But eMachines, purchased by Gateway Inc. , is offering next-generation technology at this-generation prices.
Next to digital IDs, passwords look lame How big is your key ring? There are the house keys, of course, and the car keys and the little fob for unlocking the doors from 30 feet away. And now there's this new blue thingamajig for logging onto the America Online Internet service. You don't have to use it, but it's not a bad idea, if you want to ...
Clouds on horizon for low-cost airlines NEW YORK -- As larger US airlines suffer growing losses, low-cost carriers, previously thought to be invincible, are not far behind, industry experts say, due to soaring jet fuel prices, low air fares, and more competition.
Q amp;A David Gergen, political analyst, on leadership David Gergen , director of the Center for Public Leadership at the John F. Kennedy School of Government , was an adviser to four US presidents: Nixon, Ford, Reagan and Clinton. He is editor-at-large at U.S. News  amp; World Report and a political analyst. Gergen, whose center helps develop future leaders, talked to Boston Globe staff reporter Diane E. Lewis ...
Manchester United profits fall Manchester United, the world #39;s richest football club, has posted lower annual profits after reinvesting the proceeds of selling England star David Beckham, and says lower media revenues will hit profits this year.
Oil price heads towards record Oil prices have pushed above \$49 a barrel, approaching record levels as worries about the stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compound concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks End Lower, Dollar Flat Tokyo stocks fell for a seventh straight session Monday amid concerns about rising oil prices. The dollar was flat against the Japanese yen.
Newman gains little with win at Dover DOVER, Del.  The day belonged to Ryan Newman, but not even his dominating performance could shake up anything in the drive for NASCAR #39;s Nextel Cup.
Kawaguchi out as foreign minister as Koizumi reshuffles cabinet TOKYO - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi appointed Nobutaka Machimura to succeed Yoriko Kawaguchi as foreign minister in a cabinet reshuffle Monday, while retaining Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroyuki Hosoda and Finance Minister Sadakazu Tanigaki.
Lelie #39;s alternate route provides road map to win for Broncos On Ashley Lelie #39;s game-altering, 33-yard touchdown reception in the third quarter Sunday, the Denver Broncos wide receiver was supposed to run a post pattern but was prevented 
Ken is alive, says brother The chorus of pleas for hostage Ken Bigley #39;s freedom have yet again been met with deafening silence as the Briton #39;s kidnap ordeal in Iraq enters its 11th day.
Future of Illinois Farm May Lie in Swampy Past Environmentalists say they can return a 7,000-acre farm to its natural state as a thriving wetland by allowing it to flood.
Singh #39;s record breaking season continues Vijay Singhs sensational, record-breaking year continued at the weekend when he won the 84 Lumber Classic at the Mystic Rock course in Pennsylvania, his eighth win of the 2004 US PGA Tour season.
Colts 45, Packers 31 Peyton Manning and Brett Favre threw touchdown pass after touchdown pass, moving the ball as if the defenses were little more than speed bumps.
Brit captive still alive, says brother LONDON -- The brother of Kenneth Bigley, a Briton held hostage in Iraq, said yesterday he had been told the captive was still alive, a contention echoed by the leader of a London-based Islamic centre.
Man who tried to kill Musharraf shot dead Top Al Qaeda terrorist Amjad Farooqi was killed in a shootout with security forces in Nawabshah, about 200 km northeast from Karachi on Sunday, report agencies.
Israel behind death of Hamas leader JERUSALEM - Israel was responsible for a car bomb that killed a top Hamas leader in Syria yesterday, Israeli security sources acknowledged, in an escalation in Israel #39;s battle against the Islamic militant group.
Forest turn Clough #39;s wake into pageant They came in their thousands, many in replicas of that tatty, old green sweatshirt, to mourn the passing of the man who, for 18 years, made the name Nottingham Forest synonymous with success.
WENGER: THEY ARE OUT TO GET US ARSENAL fear the defence of their Premiership crown is being threatened by bullying tactics from their opponents. The Gunners stretched their unbeaten run to 47 as they overcame a tough 
Labor Party faces vexing challenges The ruling Labor Party opened its annual meeting yesterday with elections looming next year, the opposition gaining favor in polls and Prime Minister Tony Blair eager to head off a rebuke over Iraq from his party #39;s left wing.
Adobe Plans New Format for Digital Photos (AP) AP - Adobe Systems Inc. plans to introduce a new format for digital photos on Monday in an attempt to create an industry public standard to make the archiving and editing process compatible across all types of cameras and photo software.
AT T Introduces E-mail, IM Device (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The Ogo gadget is ready to go for e-mail and IM-happy consumers and teens.
HP Deals to Aid RFID Push Into Retail, Manufacturing (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - HP is working with specialists BearingPoint and OATSystems on RFID for Wal-Mart compliance and other retail implementation. Meanwhile, the major IBM competitor is building "domain knowledge" about RFID in manufacturing.
Car Bomb in Mosul, Mortar Attack in Baghdad (Reuters) Reuters - A car bomb killed three members of the\Iraqi National Guard in the northern city of Mosul and\insurgents fired mortar bombs at a police academy in eastern\Baghdad Monday.
Mbeki: Ivory Coast Parties Agree New Peace Push  ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - South African President  Thabo Mbeki said Monday he had reached agreement with all sides  in Ivory Coast's conflict on measures which should speed up  implementation of a French-brokered peace accord.
Next President Will Pick Scores of Judges (AP) AP - The next president's most enduring legacy may be in an area little mentioned in the campaign so far: the federal courts, where rulings on such hot-button issues as abortion, gay marriage and the death penalty could have lasting impact.
Oil prices near record high (09/27/04)-- Crude oil prices are on the rise again, this time because of supply fears. In early trading Monday, a price spike nudged a barrel to within four cents of the all-time high of \$49.
Time for US to spank Fannie Ever since Enron collapsed, a seemingly endless parade of America #39;s largest companies have been caught manipulating their numbers, more than a few of them criminally.
CA accused plead not guilty Two former Computer Associates executives pleaded not guilty last week to charges involving a multi-billion dollar accounting scandal.
Microsoft prefers settlement option On the eve of a crucial hearing in its European antitrust case, Microsoft #39;s chief lawyer still hopes the case can be settled. That #39;s one of several paths that Brad Smith is taking to get Microsoft through 
Commerce One Announces Layoffs NEW YORK -- Internet software developer Commerce One Inc. on Friday said it laid off about 61 percent of its staff to conserve cash ahead of plans to close down its business, sending its stock plunging during morning trading.
Eagles 30, Lions 13 Whether Donovan McNabb is eluding 300-pound linemen in a stadium or dragging designer luggage away from it, he is the picture of cool.
UPDATE 2-Koubek keeps Austria in World Group Stefan Koubek ended Britain #39;s hopes of promotion to the Davis Cup World Group when he beat Greg Rusedski 7-6 6-4 7-5 in the decisive fifth rubber on Sunday to hand Austria a 3-2 win in their playoff tie at Portschach.
Texans 24, Chiefs 21 The Kansas City Chiefs were 2 yards away from taking a double-digit lead against Houston, hoping to avoid their first 0-3 start in 24 years.
BROWN BATTERED IN BOMBERS' LOSS (New York Post) New York Post - BOSTON  #x2014; If the Yankees don't win the World Series, you can blame it on Kevin Brown's immaturity and lack of respect for his teammates.
Kite festival begins as prelude to 350th anniversary of Taj Agra, Sep 27. (PTI):A kite festival today began on the banks of the Yamuna river behind the Taj Mahal as a prelude to the 350th anniversary celebrations of the world-famous monument opening this evening.
Theme park Leave it to the greatest rivalry in sports to nearly turn a lovefest into an alley fight.
Nixon: swing votes When the afternoon ends with Felix Escalona and Dioner Navarro and Andy Phillips stepping into the batter's box for the Yankees and Adam Hyzdu and Ricky Gutierrez doing the same for the Red Sox, it's understood that this game will not gather much dust before it's expunged from memory. Except, of course, for the sweet moment when sore-kneed Ellis Burks, ...
Lackey sparks Angels past A's Troy Glaus drove in three runs to back a strong outing by John Lackey, and the Angels beat Oakland, 6-2, last night in Anaheim, Calif., to pull within one game of the West-leading A's with a week to play.
Giant win added to Browns' miseries EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- With the way Kurt Warner and Michael Strahan played, the New York Giants never had to worry about a letdown against the injury-ravaged Cleveland Browns.
Southern discomfort The hottest team in football? You'd have to have your helmet on backward not to recognize the folks in Foxborough as they stand on the threshold of history. But take a peek south. You just might notice a couple of former laughingstocks who are no longer Sunday punchlines.
Manning, Colts air out Packers INDIANAPOLIS -- Peyton Manning and Brett Favre threw nine touchdown passes between them and weren't even the heroes.
Walter McCarty, on the bench LINCOLN -- At the moment, Walter McCarty has his sizable hands full. He's holding 15-month-old Gabrielle, plus a baggie full of Cheerios and an Elmo book for her, and a grape soda for himself. The doorbell rings. It's the contractor, wanting a vehicle moved from the driveway. There's a backhoe digging a pool, and another one tunneling 4 feet into ...
BC's goal: Get back on track For all the mistakes and squandered scoring chances by Boston College in Saturday's 17-14 loss at Wake Forest, coach Tom O'Brien was not prepared yesterday to say his Eagles beat themselves in their nonconference game against their future Atlantic Coast Conference rival.
Getting it together The trouble with a good, or perhaps great, college football team is the competition, or the lack of it. Take No. 1 Southern California, for example.
A rebirth in Chelsea James Atkins knows his players, in some cases a little too well. Atkins is a detective in the Chelsea police department and in charge of the gang unit. He's also the head football coach at Chelsea High and if you're looking for the most pleasant surprise of the 2004 season, look no farther than 299 Everett Avenue.
UNITED #39;S PROFITS FALL Manchester United have announced a fall in pre-tax profits to 27.9million for the financial year ending July 31. Profits were down from 39.
Steelers 13, Dolphins 3 The rookie overcame a slow start, remnants of Hurricane Jeanne and the Miami Dolphins #39; blitzing defense to help the Pittsburgh Steelers win 13-3 Sunday night.
Manchester United Says TV Revenue Will Plunge, Hurting Profit Manchester United, the world #39;s biggest soccer club, said revenue from broadcasting, a third of its total income, may plunge 25 percent next year as the team earns less from televised games in England and Europe.
Key reformer to privatise post office after Japan reshuffle TOKYO: Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has picked a key reformer to push through the controversial privatisation of the postal services in a cabinet reshuffle that also saw a change of foreign minister.
Greek Airliner Clear After Bomb Scare British Police say there was no threat to a Greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in London after a bomb threat.
UK Economic Boom May Bolster Blair as Election Deadline Nears UK Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose approval rating slumped because of his support for the Iraq war, may win an unprecedented third term as voters give him credit for an expanding economy and falling unemployment, polls show.
Thai woman confirmed with bird flu as fears over human-to-human &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGKOK - Thai officials on Monday confirmed that a woman had caught bird flu but played down fears of the first case of human-to-human transmission of the deadly virus following the deaths of two relatives.
Death toll in Haiti floods hits 1,650 The death toll caused by devastating floods in Haiti has climbed to over 1,600 people. Another 800 remain missing. Hurricane Jeanne is the latest tragedy to hit Haiti, the poorest country in the Americas.
Cemex snaps up RMC for 2.3bn RMC Group, the world #39;s largest maker of ready-mixed concrete, today accepted a 2.3bn takeover bid from Mexico #39;s Cemex, the world #39;s third-largest cement maker.
Cautious investors keep market in red The Australian share market has started the week a little in the red as high crude oil prices prompted investor caution. The All Ordinaries slipped almost three points to 3,632.
Kopper expected on stand today in Enron trial Michael Kopper, the first of three former Enron executives who have pleaded guilty and are expected to testify in the ongoing Enron criminal trial, is scheduled to take the stand this morning.
Virgin launches online music service Virgin Digital, the online arm of the Virgin Group, will launch an online music service Monday aimed at replicating on the Net the success of its offline chain of retail music stores.
TSMC warns of inventory build up GIANT SEMI foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) warned that while business is steady, its customers are dealing with rising levels of stock.
India #39;s unmanned moon mission going smoothly: official India #39;s unmanned moon mission -Chandrayan - is expected to take place in 2007-08 as it is progressing smoothly, the country #39;s space agency chief G. Madhavan Nair said Sunday in New Delhi.
Bucs #39; season continues its spiral in Black Hole The end zone must be a very scary place, with skeletons and spikes, where dark, shadowy figures with painted faces lurk. It has been a black hole, all right 
PM #39;s  #39;drunken sailor #39; campaign Canberra, Australia - The opposition Labour Party on Monday accused Prime Minister John Howard of spending  quot;like a drunken sailor quot; to woo voters ahead of next month #39;s election in which he will seek a fourth three-year term.
Schroeder avoids big new losses Local election results in Germany #39;s most populous state indicate another setback for Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder - but the decline has slowed.
Work on designing Chandrayan over: Nair : Technology India  gt; Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, Sep 26 : Work on designing country #39;s ambitious unmanned lunar mission  #39;Chandrayan #39; was over, ISRO Chairman Madhavan Nair said here today.
Chinese GP new star of F1 circuit Rubens Barrichello #39;s start-to-finish win - holding off the double challenge of young guns Jenson Button and Kimi Raikkonen - enthralled genuine sports fans and undoubtedly had the marketing men rubbing their hands as the sport sunk its claws into China #39;s 
Shevchenko #39;s double breathes life into 10-man Milan Two goals in four minutes from Ukranian striker Andriy Shevchenko gave AC Milan a 2-1 win away to Lazio and kick-started the Italian champions #39; title defence.
EU to clear Oracle's PeopleSoft bid (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - A source says Europe's antitrust watchdog has had a change of heart on the deal following the U.S. DOJ's loss on the case in court.
Manmohan celebrates birthday in flight President APJ Abdul Kalam and Congress President Sonia Gandhi have wished Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on his 72nd birthday, which he celebrated mid-air on way to Geneva from New York.
Darfur rebels accused of killing two cops Darfur rebels have killed two policemen at a displaced persons #39; camp in Sudan #39;s troubled western province, violating a ceasefire agreement, the interior ministry charged on Sunday.
Document on CPC governance capability issued The Communist Party of China (CPC) Sunday published a major policy document on enhancing the Party #39;s governance capability, stressing it is  quot;a major strategic subject with a bearing on the success of China #39;s socialist cause, the future and destiny of the 
Nikkei Extends Losing Streak Tokyo #39;s Nikkei edged down 0.33 percent Monday, falling for a seventh straight session in its longest losing streak since December 2002 as worries about oil prices and weaker business sentiment plagued the market.
Australia #39;s Ronin Confirms Approach From Another Party SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Ronin Property Group (RPH.AU), the target of aA\$1.3 billion takeover bid by Multiplex Group (MXGCA.AU), said Monday it has received an approach from a third party.
Virgin seeks slice of net music Virgin becomes one of the first major music retailers to enter an increasingly crowded online music market.
HFC bank in mass e-mail blunder Customers of HFC bank are furious after an e-mail error revealed their personal details to thousands of other people.
Farooqi key link between Pakistan and al Qaeda (Reuters) Reuters - Amjad Hussain Farooqi, who was shot dead by security forces on Sunday, was one Pakistan's most wanted men, a cohort of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and a key link between al Qaeda and local Pakistani militants.
Australian man killed British tourist for drug money (AFP) AFP - An Australian man threw a young British tourist to her death from a bridge after robbing her for drug money.
Britain, Israel Hold Out Prospect of Mideast Talks  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Britain and Israel on Monday held out  the prospect of a Middle East peace conference in London after  the Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat on Jan. 9.
Karzai Opposes Afghan Poll Delay, Despite Concerns  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's presidential election will  be held on time, President Hamid Karzai said on Monday, despite  rival candidates' fears the lack of security was hampering  their campaigns and undermining voting legitimacy.
Japan PM Reshuffles Cabinet, Keeps Some Ministers  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi  reshuffled his cabinet Monday to boost his popularity and give  impetus to reform -- especially postal reform -- but the mix of  familiar faces with unknowns raised doubts about whether he  would achieve those goals.
Virgin boss in space tourism bid Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson announces an agreement to secure the first commercial flights into space.
Virgin boss in space tourism bid Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson announces plans to secure the first commercial flights into space.
Boost for Somali peace talks Mediators welcome the return of a Somali warlord to the peace process in neighbouring Kenya.
Pakistan to tour India Pakistan say they will tour India in February 2005 to play three Tests and five one-day internationals.
Mexican firm bids 2.3bn for RMC Mexican group Cemex makes a 2.3bn (\$4.1bn) offer for UK-based RMC, the world's biggest supplier of ready-mixed concrete.
The Forgotten tops US box office Chiller The Forgotten  tops the US box office chart, with UK zombie movie Shaun of the Dead at number seven.
Hemingway Bullfight Tale From 1924 Turns Up A previously unknown story and a letter ascribed to Ernest Hemingway have caused a dispute between those who want to see them published and those who don't.
Oil price pushes toward \$50 a barrel US light crude climbed to \$49.36 a barrel, up 48 cents and just four cents below the record high set in late August at \$49.40. In London, Brent crude oil futures in surged to a new peak of \$45.
Credit cards may cause trouble for issuers Credit cards issuers may face penalty from the regulators as credit cards solicitation is not as reliable as they are said. Consumers sometimes are not given the whole information about the possibly imposed 
China to bid \$7B for Noranda A company owned by the Chinese government has entered talks to buy Noranda Inc. in a deal that would shake up the Canadian mining industry.
Russia to Curb Inflation, Manage Industry, PM Says (Update1) Russia #39;s government will take an active role in managing industry as it seeks to curb inflation and open markets to attract investment, Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov said.
HP  #39;jilts Intel Itanium #39; Intel #39;s biggest customer for its Itanium processor is to stop building workstations built around the chip according to the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.
Colleges turn to eBay to sell unwanted goods Texas A amp;M University couldn #39;t give away a fleet of 20-year-old buses, so it sold them - on eBay. With starting bids of \$500 each, three buses went online for a weeklong auction.
Virgin offers music downloads Virgin has become the latest company to launch an online music download service, but UK music fans will have to wait before they can give it a try.
Five questions Tom Harris is owner of 24/7 Auctions, an Internet auction consignment store in Vista. It #39;s a growing field. In June, AuctionDrop said it plans to offer a similar service at UPS Stores #39; 3,400 US retail locations, including 50 in San Diego County.
Coleman, Holmes play role reversal Free safety Marcus Coleman expected to be chasing All-Pro running back Priest Holmes around on the field Sunday. Coleman returned an interception a franchise-record 102 
Local government vote raises SPD #39;s hopes BERLIN - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s Social Democrat Party (SPD) have seized on regional elections in the nation #39;s biggest state as a sign of a turnaround in the party #39;s political fortunes.
Critics debunk China #39;s Communist Party #39;s plan to build up its &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING: China #39;s ruling Communist Party has issued a lengthy policy paper on way to reverse its waning popular support, citing corruption and  quot;hostile forces quot; as issues that could end its 55-year grip on power.
Blair #39;s party urges a shift in focus from Iraq to domestic issues BRIGHTON, England Top aides to British Prime Minister Tony Blair are urging his party not to let the war in Iraq derail their annual convention and election hopes.
Australian Stocks Advance, Paced by Woodside Petroleum, BHP Australian stocks rose for the first day in three, paced by oil producers such as Woodside Petroleum Ltd. after crude oil climbed to a record amid concern that hurricane damage in North America will disrupt supply.
China #39;s Minmetals in talks to buy Canada #39;s Noranda TORONTO : China Minmetals Corp has entered into exclusive talks to acquire mining group Noranda, the Canadian firm announced. Noranda said that after a special committee review of  quot;a number of proposals from 
BOXING: JONES TAKES MEMPHIS BEATING ROY JONES Junior #39;s career looks over after he suffered a shattering ninth round knock-out against Glen Johnson in Memphis. Johnson retained his IBF light heavyweight title and left Jones 
Dollar Inches to 6-Wk High  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar rose to a six-week high  against the yen on Monday as the Japanese currency was ground  down by a weak stock market and oil prices pushing back toward  record highs.
Nikkei Extends Losing Streak  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei edged down 0.33 percent  Monday, falling for a seventh straight session in its longest  losing streak since December 2002 as worries about oil prices  and weaker business sentiment plagued the market.
UK watchdog targets Belgian firm The Office of Fair Trading takes legal action against a Belgian mail-order firm, using new cross-border powers for the first time.
SEC focusing on drug makers  The Securities and Exchange Commission is scrutinizing biotechnology companies as part of a wider effort to ensure that companies don't mislead investors by covering up negative results of clinical trials.
Microsoft says upgrade for full IE security A REPORT last week said that Microsoft will not build the latest security features in Windows XP browser and expects customers to upgrade to the OS from previous software to gain prophylactic protection.
Long Trip for Psychedelic Drugs Researchers who believe psychedelic drugs like ecstasy and mushrooms can help people with mental disorders are slowly getting federal agencies on board. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Nice Ride: The Hydrogen Gremlin Long before President Bush ever put 'hydrogen' and 'economy' together in a sentence, a group of students at the University of California, Los Angeles, were revving the engine on their hydrogen-powered Gremlin. By Amit Asaravala.
Changing at the Push of a Button You might not be able to morph your wallpaper just yet, but digital ink is already threatening to make big changes in the way we experience advertising. By Rachel Metz.
Fable Feels Like Unfinished Tale Fable succeeds as a plain-ol' fantasy action game where you kill things to buy stuff to kill bigger things. But given the expectations that preceeded it, the game is ultimately disappointing. Lore Sjberg reviews Fable.
Rural Kids Print, Bind and Read Anywhere Books sets up digital bookmobiles in developing countries like Uganda, Ghana and Macedonia. The souped-up vans can print and bind books on the spot, and children get the fresh-made publications for free. By Katie Dean.
U.S. Makes Spy Images Inside U.S. In the name of homeland security, a little known branch of the Defense Department -- the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, or America's spy imagery agency -- is keeping a close eye on the United States.
Taking Aim at 'Arms Race of Spin' Both sides of the political spectrum twist the truth in their media briefs, according to a website that's tracking the spin. The system of half truths make it hard for ordinary folks to become informed.
Google Bows to Chinese Censorship A new Chinese news service launched by Google displays no results from websites banned by China's officials. The search engine that promises to do no evil says why include links that come up empty? anti-censorship advocates are watching.
Index funds adjust fees to lure customers Despite perceptions to the contrary, index mutual funds really aren #39;t all alike. They don #39;t all invest in the same stocks or bonds, and they certainly don #39;t all come with the same low expenses.
First class to the moon London - British airline magnate Richard Branson announced a plan on Monday for the world #39;s first commercial space flights, saying  quot;thousands quot; of fee-paying astronauts could be sent into orbit in the near future.
No woofing and no white flags This is why manager Terry Francona never did tighten the reins on the free spirits in the Red Sox clubhouse. Free spirits can bounce back with the best of them.
Grading the Giants touchdown. QB Kurt Warner (13) passed 16 yards to WR Amani Toomer (81), setting up this first-and-10 situation from the Giants #39; 45 with 9:45 left in the first quarter.
New wave of violence in Gaza Strip During last week four Israelis were killed by Palestinians. The Israel response developed into new air attack in a refugee camp. Israeli military forces say Palestinians use the Gaza refugee camp to organize attacks against Jewish settlements.
Virgin Announces Plans for Space Service British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his Virgin company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
Ravens 23, Bengals 9 The defending AFC North champs found their stride Sunday, and it had a lot to do with the broad-shouldered back who leaves tacklers wide-eyed and empty-handed.
Cemex to buy RMC Group in \$5.8bn deal NEW YORK, September 27 (newratings.com) - Mexican cement giant, Cemex SA (CX.NYS), has agreed to buy RMC Group Plc, a leading British ready-mix concrete company, in a deal valued at about \$5.
Microsoft braces for EU appeal Brussels - Microsoft Corporation said on Monday it is ready to put a stripped down version of Windows on the market if ordered to do so by a European court.
Apax, Cinven Buy VNU Directories Unit for EU2.1 Bln (Update3) Apax Partners Worldwide LLP and Cinven Ltd. agreed to buy VNU NV #39;s directories unit for 2.1 billion euros (\$2.6 billion), betting they can repeat Apax #39;s past success in buying and selling yellow pages assets.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Edge Lower, Dollar Higher Tokyo stocks slid for a seventh straight session Monday to a five-and-a-half week low due to concerns about rising oil prices. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
AT amp;T launches new e-mail service NEW YORK: AT amp;T Wireless Services launches a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.
Branson #39;s Virgin Group Plans to Offer Space Flights in 2007 Virgin Group Ltd., owned by billionaire entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson, said it formed a company called Virgin Galactic to offer commercial space flights starting in 2007.
HP deep sixes Itanium workstations Hewlett Packard Co quietly withdrew its Itanium-based workstation line from marketing on September 1, and spent last Friday trying to do damage control with the IT press as the word got out.
High speed data network just for research A high-speed data network being built by the Government to link academic and research institutions is unlikely to take traffic away from Telecom and the other mainstream telcos because of tough rules that will govern its use.
Prove open source cred, release Java, Red Hat tells Sun Red Hat Inc vice president for open source affairs Michael Tiemann has come-out in favor of open sourcing Java to cultivate innovation and help defend against Microsoft Corp #39;s .
Manchester United Football Club boss excited over Rooney Sir Alex Ferguson is clearly excited over the prospect of Wayne Rooney making his debut for Manchester United Football Club. The England international is yet to play for the Reds since his 26million transfer 
SEAHAWKS 34, 49ERS 0 Game grades Offense: F Ken Dorsey played like the seventh-round, second-year quarterback he is. His arm strength, accuracy and even the thing he does best -- decision making --.
US Forces Bomb Baghdad #39;s Sadr City Iraqi hospital sources and witnesses say US forces carried out overnight airstrikes in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City neighborhood, killing at least two people and wounding more than 40 others.
Brother of UK hostage urges Blair to plead for hostage release Paul Bigley, brother of Kenneth Bigley who is being held hostage by militants in Iraq, called on British Prime Minister Tony Blair Monday to step up efforts to win the release 
Three Palestinians shot dead in Gaza Strip A 53-year old Palestinian, identified as Saeed Almadhoun, 53, of the Gaza Strip city of Khan Younis, was shot dead on Monday morning after being hit with a live bullet.
Thai Suspected Bird Flu Case Fans Human Link Fear Thailand, rattled by fears a girl passed bird flu to her mother, said Monday it has no evidence of human-to-human transmission of the deadly H5N1 virus in the country.
Saudi Troops, Gunmen Clash in Riyadh Saudi security forces, battling a wave of terrorist attacks in the country, have clashed with a group of gunmen in the capital, Riyadh.
Cemex to buy British RMC Group Mexican Cemex, being the third largest cement maker in the world, agreed to buy its British competitor - RMC Group - for \$5.8 billion, as well as their debts in order to expand their activity on the building materials market of the USA and Europe.
Oil prices jump to record high Oil prices today hit a new high amid fears over low fuel stocks as winter approaches and renewed concern about the security of supplies.
Ingram Micro agrees to buy Tech Pacific for \$493 mn NEW YORK, September 27 (newratings.com) - Ingram Micro Inc (IM.NYS) has reached a definitive agreement to buy Tech Pacific, an Australian IT product distributor, for about \$493 million in cash, including debt assumptions.
Microsoft will offer slim Windows if EU insists THE HEAD LAWYER at Microsoft has said that if the European Union insists it tweaks Windows to comply with its anti-trust ruling, it will be able to comply.
Adobe proposes universal digicam  #39;raw #39; image format Dubbed Digital NeGative (DNG) format, Adobe #39;s proposal would not supersede the JPEG format used by almost all digicams these days, but the native formats such cameras offer users who want maximum, image fidelity.
Virgin to Launch Commercial Space Flights British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his Virgin company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
Music Sites Ask,  #39;Why Buy If You Can Rent? #39; ong before Sir Richard Branson dreamed of becoming the latest billionaire with a reality TV show, before he started his cellphone company, his airline and his record label, he sold music from 
HP to Stop Using Intel Itanium Chip Hewlett Packard has decided to discontinue offering desktop workstations based on Intel #39;s Itanium microprocessor as its customers prefer the extended 64-bit approach.
VeriSign hopes to make passwords obsolete Internet services and security company VeriSign is unveiling a new token it hopes will replace passwords for gaining access to corporate computers.
Microsoft Takes On Backup Market It #39;s a market that could use a shake-up. Backup and recovery still can be too expensive and complex for many small and midsize companies that rely on Windows, but the software is vital to their businesses.
Singh captures 84 Lumber Classic Singh grabbed the first-round lead with a tournament-low 8-under par 64, and although he had company a few times, never stepped down from his perch in winning the 84 Lumber 
Lions don #39;t measure up Eagles too much for Detroit DETROIT - If this was a yardstick game, the kind a team measures itself by, then the Detroit Lions need some more of them. There were more than 36 inches of separation between the Lions and the Philadelphia 
UPDATE 1-Indian court to hear cricket telecast case Tuesday Five judges of India #39;s top court will hear a petition by Zee Telefilms Ltd. on Tuesday contesting the cancellation of a \$308-million contract for the rights to broadcast Indian cricket matches on television.
Labour Party Conference 2004 DELEGATES gathered in Brighton this week for what will almost certainly be Labour #39;s last annual conference before the general election.
Dust Might The Loch Rannoch oil tanker isn #39;t exactly the place you #39;d expect to find cutting-edge computer technology. But the 850,000-ton ship owned by British Petroleum is home to an experiment in preventing critical breakdowns before they happen.
Survey: CEOs Fail To Grasp Importance of Security  quot;It is easy for a CEO to say security is important, quot; says Ernst  amp; Young partner Kent Kaufield.  quot;But in actuality, I think they view it much like purchasing insurance --something that is good 
Wall Street Set to Slip on Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to open lower  on Monday weighed down by worries that Americans will feel the  pinch of steeper energy costs, and Boston Scientific Corp  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSX.N&lt;/A&gt; may dip on news of a product recall.
Twelve Killed in Attack on U.S. Mission in Jeddah  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Militants stormed the  heavily fortified U.S. consulate in Jeddah in a brazen raid  Monday and 12 people died in gunbattles before security forces  regained control.
Dubai airport building collapses At least five workers die as a site under construction at Dubai airport collapses, trapping workers.
Oil on record run Brent crude sets intraday mark in London, US crude comes close as supply concerns plague market. LONDON (Reuters) - London oil prices hit record highs on Monday as worries about the stability of supplies from 
Vodafone sets out cost-cutting plans Vodafone says it expects to cut costs by 2.5 billion pounds per year by March 2008, and has reiterated its guidance for this financial year.
New owner for Golden Pages business Dutch publishing group VNU is to sell its directories business, including the Golden Pages in Ireland, to venture capital groups Apax and Cinven for just over 2 billion.
Russian financial markets must be developed - Fradkov MOSCOW. Sept 27 (Interfax) - A whole set of laws on financial markets regulation will be drafted in the coming months, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov said at the investment conference organized by Brunswick UBS.
Management Shakeup May Lie Ahead for Fannie Mae AccountingWEB.com - Sep-27-2004 - Days after Fannie Mae #39;s federal regulator released a highly critical report on the mortgage giant #39;s accounting practices, observers say top management may not survive the fallout.
Startup exploits new way of networking HEN CHECKING into a hotel room for the first time, how many times have you been frozen by the air conditioner the last occupant left on full blast?
India kicks off 350th birthday of Taj Mahal Hundreds of schoolchildren have gathered outside India #39;s Taj Mahal, releasing heart-shaped balloons and setting free white pigeons to mark the 350th birthday of the world #39;s most famous monument of love.
Fannie Mae said near capital deal Source: Mortgage financer may be forced to keep up to \$31B on hand while it fixes accounting woes. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Embattled mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae was close to a deal with regulators late 
Security alert issued after top Pakistani al-Qaida suspect killed KARACHI, Pakistan Pakistani authorities are putting the city of Karachi on  quot;red alert, quot; for an al-Qaida strike after its forces killed a top terror suspect.
Germany #39;s big parties losers in polls but Schroeder takes heart BERLIN : Germany #39;s two main political parties wound up the losers in local elections at the weekend but Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s Social Democrats (SPD) have taken heart by avoiding a new rout.
Sun And Microsoft Aim For Single Sign-On Microsoft and Sun Microsystems last week issued a progress report on the technical truce the companies called this year but gave little indication of what specific fixes they would devise to address customers #39; problems.
ETA Sets Off 7 Bombs Across Spain; at Least 5 Hurt  MADRID (Reuters) - The Basque separatist group ETA set off  bombs in cities across Spain Monday, slightly wounding five  people and escalating their renewed fight for independence on  the day Spaniards celebrate unity.
Thousands Uprooted by Clashes in East Congo -U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of civilians have fled\their homes after clashes in the east of the Democratic\Republic of Congo, the United Nations said on Friday, but it\was unclear who was behind the violence.
Lexmark Spruces Up Color Lasers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Lexmark International is shipping new color laser printers with faster speeds, enhanced media-handling capabilities and cost-saving features.
Reverse Migration: From Linux to Windows (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The number of enterprises migrating from Windows to Linux is a growing concern for Microsoft. But it's not a one-way street. Some companies #151;unhappy with their open-source experience #151;are making the switch back to Windows.
Hamas: Arab State May Have Helped in Syria Killing (Reuters) Reuters - The militant Palestinian group Hamas\said Monday an Arab country might have helped Israel\assassinate one of its leaders in Damascus, an act it called\"treason."
Building Collapses at Dubai Airport (AP) AP - A large wall in a building under construction at Dubai airport collapsed Monday, killing more than eight people and injuring many more, a contractor said.
Colombia Police Aim to Disrupt Drug Trade (AP) AP - Seven helicopter gunships skirted the steep mountainsides, then quickly descended on a cocaine lab, marked by a smoke grenade thrown by one of the raiders. As the heavily armed anti-narcotics police jumped from the hovering craft, accompanied by an informant wearing a ski mask, peasants who worked the coca fields and in the complex scampered away.
Egyptian firm imposes blackout on Iraq hostages (AFP) AFP - Egypt's telecom group Orascom said it was imposing a news blackout to ensure the safety of two kidnapped engineers held hostage in Iraq.
Circuit City 3Q Same-Store Sales Decline Circuit City Stores Inc., the nation #39;s No. 2 electronics retailer, reported Monday that same-store sales declined 4.3 percent in the third quarter, largely because of weak sales of music and movie software.
DigitalNet Wins Fingerprint ID Contract DigitalNet Holdings Inc. of Herndon will provide fingerprint identification services to the Homeland Security Department under a new \$25 million contract.
Helping New Space Industry Lift Off Flying the first commercial test pilot into space three months ago was more than a feat of entrepreneurial engineering. SpaceShipOne's maiden flight just beyond the edge of the atmosphere also required a little bureaucratic ingenuity from Patricia Grace Smith and her staff at the Federal Aviation Administration.
Three Iraqi National Guards Killed in New Attacks  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A car bomb killed three Iraqi National  Guards in Mosul and rebels mortared a police academy in Baghdad  Monday, underscoring a warning by Secretary of State Colin  Powell that Iraq's insurgency was worsening.
Five Dead in Dubai Airport Building Site Collapse  DUBAI (Reuters) - At least five workers were killed and an  unspecified number injured Monday when part of the ceiling of a  building under construction at Dubai airport collapsed,  officials said.
Carter fears Florida vote trouble Flawed voting arrangements may cause another election debacle in Florida, warns ex-US President Jimmy Carter.
Dubai wall collapse kills four  At least four workers die as a site under construction at Dubai airport collapses, trapping workers.
Israel launches sweeps in Jenin The Israeli army pours into the West Bank city of Jenin, sparking firefights with Palestinians.
'Name vCJD-risk countries' call Five countries which received vCJD-risk blood plasma products should be named to stop the disease spreading, campaigners say.
Ape Learning Center Welcoming 'Students' DES MOINES, Iowa - Azy and Indah are heading to school this week - a unique experience for two clever orangutans whose classroom will eventually encompass more than 200 acres of lowlands, river forest and lakes. On Tuesday, the inquisitive primates will become the first residents of the Great Ape Trust of Iowa...
Is there money in being 'green'? Solar Data Centers, a Web-hosting company, plans to power its servers on electricity generated by solar panels.
Microsoft braces for EU anti-trust appeal hearing US software giant Microsoft said Monday it will abide by whatever ruling is handed down by a European appeal court hearing due this week against an EU condemnation for abusing its market dominance.
Angels Close Within One Game of A's (AP) AP - Oakland, Anaheim and Texas are still battling with a week to go for what is likely to be the final spot in the AL playoffs. With Minnesota having clinched its third consecutive AL Central title, the New York Yankees heading toward a seventh straight first-place finish in the AL East and Boston comfortably ahead in the wild-card race, the West figures to attract the most interest in the final week of the regular season.
Playing Pitch and Catch in the NFL (AP) AP - What a great day to play pitch and catch, NFL style. Peyton Manning and Brett Favre looked like a pair of schoolyard slingers Sunday in Indianapolis' 45-31 victory over Green Bay. Donovan McNabb, Daunte Culpepper, Aaron Brooks and Marc Bulger all threw for more than 300 yards.
Virgin shows passion for online music service AS SUSPECTED, VIRGIN DIGITAL is to be launched today and Sir Richard Branson, the overseer of the Virgin group, said it will include over a million tracks and compatibility with 50 plus portable gizmos.
Don #39;t count out Roy, but Bowe must go That question now faces Roy Jones Jr. after being knocked out in the ninth round on Saturday night by Glen Johnson in a fight for Johnson #39;s IBF light-heavyweight title.
Eagles get busy on third downs A perfect indicator of how much respect the new-look Philadelphia Eagles offense commands these days was provided by the Detroit Lions in the third quarter of the Eagles #39; 30-13 win Sunday.
Building collapse at Dubai Airport; 50 feared dead Dubai: A building under construction at Dubai airport collapsed on Monday, killing about 50 people, according to reports. An unspecified number of workers are trapped in the debris, police and airport officials said.
Pakistan on alert after al-Qaida suspect dies in raid Police in Pakistan were today braced for a violent backlash from Islamist militants after a suspected al-Qaida operative was killed in a raid at the weekend.
Iraq to dominate Labour conference Iraq and the fate of a British hostage are threatening to thwart Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s efforts to put domestic issues centre stage today as Chancellor Gordon 
Japan leader appoints new party chiefs ahead of cabinet reshuffle TOKYO, (AFP) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has appointed new party executives to his ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), hours ahead of an expected cabinet reshuffle aimed at pushing a reform package.
Sportsview: Jimmie Crutchfield Remembered (AP) AP - "Oh, we had men by the hundreds who could have made the big leagues, by the hundreds, not by the fours, twos or threes. ... Ain't no maybe so about it."  #151; Satchel Paige, from his Hall of Fame induction speech in 1971.
ESPN in Talks to Set Up European Sports Channel  LONDON (Reuters) - Walt Disney-owned sports channel ESPN is  holding talks with broadcasters in Europe about launching a  European version of its 24-hour U.S. channel.
Stocks Seen Lower as Oil Pushes Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open lower  on Monday as oil prices approach record levels, fueling  concerns that high energy costs are biting into corporate  profits and consumer spending.
Supreme Court Denies Klan Appeal to Anti-Mask Law (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court rejected on\Monday a free-speech challenge to a New York law banning the\wearing of masks at public gatherings by a group claiming ties\to the Ku Klux Klan.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Hit Five-And-A-Half Week Low Tokyo stocks slid Monday to a five-and-a-half week low as concerns about rising oil prices sent the Tokyo stock market #39;s main index to its seventh consecutive decline.
Pre-Retirement Interview With Intel CEO Barrett kevcol writes  quot;The San Francisco Chronicle has an excellent interview with Intel #39;s CEO Craig Barrett who retires next year.
At least eight dead in Dubai airport construction site collapse DUBAI : At least eight workers were killed when a wall on a vast construction site at Dubai airport in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) collapsed, Al-Arabiya television reported.
Microsoft ready to comply with EU orders Microsoft #39;s chief counsel, briefing reporters in the lead-up to a European Union court hearing this week, said Monday he remains hopeful the software giant #39;s European antitrust case can be settled.
Vodafone Expects Cost Cuts, Savings to Boost Earnings (Update2) Vodafone Group Plc, the world #39;s largest mobile-phone operator, expects cost cuts and bulk-order savings to boost earnings by more than a third before 2008, as the company reins in spending from Germany to Albania.
Before the Bell - Nastech soars 23 pct Shares of Nastech Pharmaceutical Co. Inc. (NSTK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped 23 percent before the bell on Monday after the company said it tied up with Merck  amp; Co.
A class apart: cameras Photographers interested in kicking their dependence on chemicals and processing labs can learn to do so with an Exploring Digital Cameras class.
Pharmaceuticals weigh on Singapore #39;s August factory output SINGAPORE: Singapore manufacturing output growth slowed to 5.3 percent in August from 19.1 percent in July due to a sharp contraction in pharmaceuticals production, the government says.
Market closes weaker THE Australian share market finished slightly weaker today, as investors continued to engage in some profit taking after last week #39;s record highs.
Veritas, Microsoft Give Backup a Speed Boost Storage management offerings on tap from Microsoft Corp. and Veritas Software Corp. aim to extend data replication, archiving and indexing capabilities to accelerate backup and recovery operations.
Valencia and Barca Set the Pace Valencia and Barcelona are the front-runners in Primera Liga after an easy win each today. Champions Valencia, coached by Claudio Ranieri, dispatched Racing Santander 2-0 with goals from Vicente Rodriguez and Stefano Fiore.
Peaceful Coexistence, Until Next Time With a legacy of pugilism growing by the series, the Yankees and the Red Sox continued to add to their long list of run-ins, although Sunday #39;s slights and brushbacks were 
Gruden deal now pays off against Bucs The Oakland Raiders cornerback read Brad Johnson #39;s intent, raced back toward him as the Tampa Bay play developed, picked off the pass in the left flat and skirted untouched 32 yards down the sideline for a third-quarter touchdown.
Giants: Warner-to-Toomer combo hits stride Amani Toomer probably knew it was going to be a good day when his first catch covered 16 yards over the middle of the field. He was positively sure of it on the next play, when he sprinted 
Workers killed in Dubai airport building collapse Several workers are believed to have been killed and others injured after a contruction site collapsed at Dubai airport. The workers were trapped under rubble at the site of a \$4.
RAF ESCORT JET IN BOMB SCARE RAF jets ecorted a diverted jet to Stansted Airport yesterday after a caller claimed there was a bomb on board. The US-bound Olympic Airlines plane made an emergency landing and all 301 passengers were evacuated safely.
Microsoft Still Wants EU Settlement (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp's chief counsel,\briefing reporters in the lead-up to a European Union court\hearing this week, said on Monday he remains hopeful the\software giant's European antitrust case can be settled.
Walgreen Quarterly Profit Up 18.1 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Walgreen Co. , the top U.S.\drugstore chain, on Monday said quarterly profit rose 18.1\percent due to rising prescription demand and strong sales of\profitable nonpharmacy merchandise.
Stocks Seen Lower, Weighed Down by Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open lower  on Monday amid investor concern that high energy costs will  squeeze corporate profits and consumer spending.
Before the Bell - Nastech Soars 23 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Nastech Pharmaceutical Co.  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NSTK.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NSTK.O&lt;/A&gt; jumped 23 percent before the bell on Monday after  the company said it tied up with Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; to develop  and market Nastech's experimental nasal spray treatment for  obesity.
Microsoft Still Wants EU Settlement  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp's chief counsel,  briefing reporters in the lead-up to a European Union court  hearing this week, said on Monday he remains hopeful the  software giant's European antitrust case can be settled.
Bass Family Still Fiddling With Fieldstone Fieldstone Mortgage  has in recent years become one of the largest independent mortgage lenders in the country. But even though it is based in Columbia, you've probably never heard of it unless you're a customer.
Crude Sets Record, Nigeria Concerns Mount &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Richard Mably&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - London crude prices hit record highs on\Monday as Nigeria emerged as the new focus of worries about\supply security on world oil markets.&lt;/p&gt;
New Bangalore road to beat jams India's out-sourcing capital Bangalore is to get an \$87m (48m) new toll motorway in a fresh bid to tackle congestion.
British billionaire unveils plan for commercial space flight British billionaire Richard Branson announced Monday that his company Virgin Atlantic airline will launch the world #39;s first commercial space flight in near future.
Virgin launches digital music service British entrepreneur Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group Ltd. became the latest company to throw its hat into the online music ring Monday by launching the Virgin Digital service.
Bears #39; loss could be gross, man MINNEAPOLIS -- The sight of Rex Grossman leaving the Metrodome turf on a cart was bad enough for the Bears #39; faithful. Seeing his family upset outside the team #39;s locker room was more telling.
In Pakistan, dead men tell no tales Pakistan #39;s establishment recently labeled Amjad Farooqi as al-Qaeda #39;s mastermind in the country. However, Asia Times Online contacts vigorously dispute this claim ... and they suspect 
Powell: US forces to enter Iraqi  #39;no-go zones #39; The US military will move into insurgent-heavy  quot;no-go zones quot; in Iraq to clear the way for legitimate elections in January, Secretary of State Colin Powell says.
Ingram buys Aussie distie for \$493m Ingram Micro is shelling out \$493m cash including assumption of debt for Tech Pacific, an Australian distie. The deal will see Ingram #39;s Asia Pac operations double in size.
AT amp;T Wireless Sells Dedicated Messaging Device AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. AWE.N launches a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.
Australian developer expands its reach SYDNEY Multiplex Group, Australia #39;s third-biggest property developer, on Monday offered 1.3 billion Australian dollars, or \$930 million, for Ronin Property Group to gain access to its rental income and become the nation #39;s fourth-largest property trust.
Virgin launches Digital music service Virgin #39;s digital music service, Virgin Digital (VD), opened its virtual doors today, offering US consumers a Napster-style mix of a la carte downloads and an  #39;all you can eat #39; monthly subscription package.
Philips looking to build 300-mm joint venture fab LONDON - At a day of lectures for financial analysts being held in the Netherlands, Royal Philips Electronics NV said it is looking to build a joint venture wafer fab, labeled as  #39;JV(12)-2 #39; to begin displacing Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.
Singh eclipses Tiger with record pile Farmington - Vijay Singh, who knocked Tiger Woods off the top of the world rankings this month for the first time in over five years, eclipsed Woods #39; earnings record for a single season when he won the 84 Lumber Classic here on Sunday.
Tensions still high between Red Sox and Yankees More bad blood between the Red Sox and Yankees in Boston #39;s 11-to-4 win yesterday. Boston #39;s Pedro Astacio and New York #39;s Brad Halsey were ejected in the eighth inning for throwing at batters.
Collins, Raiders beat Bucs OAKLAND -- Kerry Collins is new to the whole Tampa Bay-Oakland rivalry, and maybe that was a good thing. Collins replaced injured starter Rich Gannon and calmly directed the Oakland Raiders to an emotional 
No hitch in inauguration of Taj Mahotsav: Govt Lucknow, September 27: The Uttar Pradesh government on Monday said there was no hitch in the inauguration of the Taj Mahotsav in Agra to mark the 350 years of Mughal monument, as it has already obtained the proper permission of the Archaeological Survey 
Schroeder lifted by election win Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said Monday he is confident of winning Germans over to his reform plans and rebuilding his party #39;s support after avoiding major new losses in local elections in a traditional stronghold.
Before the Bell - Cogent jumps 5.6 pct Shares of Cogent Inc. (COGT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose 5.6 percent in premarket trading on Monday following the fingerprint identification company #39;s market debut on Friday 
Bush wants to tap oil reserve The Bush administration announced Thursday it would provide US refineries with  quot;limited quantities quot; of crude oil from the nation #39;s emergency stockpile to help offset supply 
Cemex cements deal to buy British rival London - Mexican cement maker Cemex has agreed to buy British rival RMC Group for about R26.5 billion in cash and debt, the two companies said Monday.
JPMorgan Fleming Eyes Stake in Highbridge JPMorgan Fleming Asset  amp; Wealth Management on Monday said it plans to buy a majority interest in and enter into a partnership with Highbridge Capital Management, a hedge funds manager, to bolster its presence among hedge funds and 
Oil price hits record on Nigeria worries Crude prices have hit record highs as Nigeria emerges as the new focus of worries about supply security on world oil markets. London Brent on the International Petroleum 
Time Warner Reaches Agreement to Allow Comcast to Reduce Stake Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. reached an agreement that gives Comcast, the world #39;s largest cable-television operator, the option of reducing its stake in Time Warner #39;s cable unit to 17 percent.
Walgreen Boosts Profit, Plans More Stores Walgreen Co. (WAG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the top US drugstore chain, on Monday said quarterly profit rose 18.1 percent due to rising prescription demand and strong sales from its 
Virgin to Become the Worlds First Commercial Space Tourism &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SpaceShipOne, which is solely funded by Paul G. Allen, was designed by aviation legend Burt Rutan and built by his company, Scaled Composites.
HP Drops Itanium 2 Workstations Move is the latest setback for the chip Intel once billed as an industry standard. Hewlett-Packard has stopped selling workstations based on Intel #39;s Itanium 2 microprocessor, a company spokesperson confirms.
Russia gets budget version of Windows Microsoft will release a low-price version of Windows in Russia by the end of the year, an effort to wean consumers in that country off pirated software and Linux.
Firefox gets around security problems Q: I #39;ve been reading a lot about the security problems of Internet Explorer. Would I be safer using an alternative browser, and if so, which one #39;s best?
When these guys go phishing, you #39;re the big one Hi. This is your bank. Please verify your account and check routing numbers by filling out this form. Your credit card company here.
Get heart smart A few days after the news of former President Clinton #39;s bypass surgery, I felt myself getting seriously short of breath and unable to walk more than a few steps without stopping.
Baseball Roundup: The Wild, Wild West The western divisions in both leagues in Major League Baseball have pennant races that are going right down to the wire. In a must win game for Anaheim, the Angels beat Oakland 6-2 to move within one game of the A #39;s in the AL West.
Paris considers overseas French citizens #39; security as first &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said on Monday his ministry takes the overseas French citizens #39; security as its first priority following the killing of a Frenchman in Saudi Arabia on Sunday.
Major Israeli force moves into Palestinian town JENIN, West Bank : A force of more than 70 Israeli military vehicles rumbled into the northern West Bank town of Jenin at dawn, sparking firefights with Palestinian militants in what Israeli army sources described as a  quot;routine operation.
NBA Wrap: Suns Scorch Trail Blazers, Kings Beat Celtics  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Quentin Richardson poured in 37  points, including eight three-pointers, and Shawn Marion added  16 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Phoenix Suns to a 121-99  thrashing of the host Portland Trail Blazers Sunday.
Microsoft Adds New Hotmail Fee Microsoft will start charging for a Hotmail feature that allows users of the Web-based e-mail service to access their e-mail using the Outlook e-mail client.
UPDATE 4-Brent crude sets record as supply worries persist London oil prices hit record highs on Monday as worries about the stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compounded concerns over low US fuel stocks ahead of winter.
TCL Communication aims higher after lacklustre debut China #39;s TCL Communication Technology Holdings Ltd, whose shares made a lacklustre trading debut in Hong Kong on Monday, said it aimed to be the world #39;s number five mobile phone maker by 2007.
United paid Agents 5m MANCHESTER United today revealed that it paid footballers #39; agents a staggering 5.5m in the last financial year. In an unprecedented move, the club published a detailed list of payments as part of a new policy 
TW, Comcast in Pact on Cable Unit Stake Time Warner Inc. (TWX) and Comcast Corp. said on Monday they had agreed to a pact giving Comcast an option to cut its interest in Time Warner Cable Inc.
Microsoft Ready to Comply if Appeal Lost (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. said Monday it is ready to put a stripped-down version of Windows on the market if it fails this week to persuade a judge to suspend a landmark European Union antitrust decision.
Branson wants to have Virgin in Space by 2007 Sir Richard Branson has announced that the Virgin Group have set up a special company to offer commercial space flights by the year 2007.
Intel cans Grantsdale WLAN plan Intel has formally dropped Wi-Fi support from its  #39;Grantsdale #39; chipset family and from its  #39;Alderwood #39; chipset. The chip giant will now not ship the promised add-in module which would allow PCs based on its 
Space flight tickets to be sold Anyone who wants to go into space will be able to do so soon, as long as they #39;ve got a spare 100,000 that is. That #39;s how much a seat will cost on a new service from Sir Richard Branson #39;s company, called Virgin Galactic.
Chinese win important for Ferrari Ferrari team principal Jean Todt was full of praise for his driver, his team and the organisers of the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix after Rubens Barrichello claimed a narrow victory in Sunday #39;s historic race on the outskirts of Shanghai.
Can #39;t do much other than wait, Braves say The television in Bobby Cox #39;s office was tuned to the Chicago Cubs #39; game, and the Braves manager intently watched the ninth inning.
CNet gets makeover to broaden its appeal (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - CNet.com - a go-to Web site for tech product reviews - is expanding from geekville to soccer moms and dads. The shift is aimed at showing tired, wired consumers how to make high-tech gadgets work together.
Dubai airport building collapses DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - A building collapse at a construction site at Dubai airport killed more than eight people and injured many more Monday, a contractor said.
Taj Mahal anniversary India celebrates the 350th anniversary of its most famous monument, the Taj Mahal, today - although historians cannot agree on its precise age and fears of damaging the enormous white marble structure have dampened plans to mark the event.
SC declines holding of Taj fest near Taj Mahal The Supreme Court today declined to pass an order permitting the holding of the Taj Mahotsav near the 17th century monument, which celebrates its 350th anniversary this year.
Virgin to Launch Commercial Space Flights (AP) AP - British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
Jeanne Damages NASA Shuttle Building (AP) AP - The third hurricane to hit NASA's spaceport in just over a month blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building, but overall damage was not as severe as feared, a space agency official said Sunday.
U.S. Spy Agency Turns Eye on America (AP) AP - In the name of homeland security, America's spy imagery agency is keeping a close eye, close to home. It's watching America. Since the Sept. 11 attacks, about 100 employees of a little-known branch of the Defense Department called the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency  #151; and some of the country's most sophisticated aerial imaging equipment  #151; have focused on observing what's going on in the United States.
AT T Wireless Sells Dedicated Messaging Device  NEW YORK (Reuters) - AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AWE.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;  launches a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice  service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young  consumers.
T-W, Comcast in Pact on Cable Unit Stake  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; and Comcast  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.OQ target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.OQ&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday they had agreed to a pact  giving Comcast an option to cut its interest in Time Warner  Cable Inc. in exchange for stock in a Time Warner subsidiary  that will hold cable systems and cash.
Microsoft Ready to Comply if Appeal Lost Microsoft Corp. said Monday it is ready to put a stripped-down version of Windows on the market if it fails this week to persuade a judge to suspend a landmark European Union antitrust decision. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Walgreen Boosts Profit, Plans More Stores  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Walgreen Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WAG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the top U.S.  drugstore chain, on Monday said quarterly profit rose 18.1  percent due to rising prescription demand and strong sales from  its highly profitable nonpharmacy segment, including digital  photo processing.
Soldiers' War Blogs Detail Life in Iraq Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice. Some are overtly political, with more slanting to the right than to the left. Some question the war, some cheer it. While some military bloggers (or milbloggers) say their commanders have encouraged their online literary ventures, a few say their commanders have shut them down.
Fannie Mae in Deal to Up Capital  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Embattled mortgage finance company  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to keep billions of dollars more in  cash on hand while it corrects accounting problems, its  government regulator said on Monday.
JPMorgan Fleming Eyes Stake in Highbridge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Fleming Asset   Wealth  Management on Monday said it plans to buy a majority interest  in and enter into a partnership with Highbridge Capital  Management, a hedge funds manager, to bolster its presence  among hedge funds and attract a broader audience of investors  to hedge funds.
Adobe Plans New Format for Digital Photos Adobe Systems Inc. plans to introduce a new format for digital photos on Monday in an attempt to create an industry public standard to make the archiving and editing process compatible across all types of cameras and photo software.
Mars, Snickers Cut Down to Size  LONDON (Reuters) - King-sized Mars and Snickers chocolate  bars will be cut down to size in Britain next year as a leading  food manufacturer responds to growing pressure about portion  distortion and rising levels of obesity.
Stem cells as heart "pacemakers" "Natural" heart pacemakers made from human stem cells have been successfully tested in pigs.
Billionaire Branson Unveils Space Tourism Plans LONDON (AFP) -- British airline magnate Richard Branson announced a hugely ambitious plan for the world's first commercial space flights, saying he would send "thousands" of fee-paying astronauts into orbit in the next five years.       Branson, a flamboyant communicator and high-profile tycoon, said his Virgin Atlantic airline had signed a technology licensing deal with the US company behind SpaceShipOne, which in June became the first private manned craft to travel to space...
Hurricane Jeanne Damages NASA Shuttle Building By MARCIA DUNN    CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- The third hurricane to hit NASA's spaceport in just over a month blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building, but overall damage was not as severe as feared, a space agency official said Sunday...
NASA's 16-Foot Transonic Tunnel Leaves Powerful Legacy NASA -- When the massive fan blades stop turning for the last time on September 30, 2004, the steel walls of the 16-Foot Transonic Tunnel will continue to reverberate with an incredible history of aeronautical research spanning over six decades.    The stone "NACA" plate over the building's main entrance at NASA's Langley Research Center only hints at the historical significance of the facility...
Opening the Lid on Genesis The Genesis desert crash has left scientists wondering about the delicate condition of its solar wind collection. The first release of samples to the community has begun, while new tests for oxygen-isotopes may help uncover which particles might have lunar, solar or terrestrial origins.
Scientists Find Storehouse for Memory By Karen Pallarito, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- In a finding that could lead to better insights into how memories are formed, neuroscientists say they have identified the compartment within nerve cells that stows special receptors that can be deployed to intensify incoming messages.    These compartments, called recycling endosomes, also carry other molecules and proteins, which may play a role in remodeling nerve cells, or neurons, to strengthen the connections between them...
Alternative Medicine Slips Into the Mainstream By Holly VanScoy, HealthDay Reporter    Doctors are combining time-honored therapies with conventional treatments     HealthDayNews -- In medical circles, what was once considered either old-fashioned or "far out" is getting another look. And sometimes that new look can bring about different ways to treat diseases and conditions...
Seniors Take Up Tai Chi and Yoga Across the U.S. By AMBER McDOWELL     NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- Balanced on one leg like flamingos, a dozen people older than 60 concentrate on staying upright, as they master the basics of tai chi...
Bitter Malpractice Fight Going to Voters By DAVID CRARY     (AP) -- Rivaling Bush vs. Kerry for bitterness, doctors and trial lawyers are squaring off this fall in an unprecedented four-state struggle over limiting malpractice awards...
Volcanic Unrest in Mount St. Helens Seismologists believe there's an increased likelihood of a hazardous event at Mount St. Helens due to a strengthening series of earthquakes at the volcano. Mount St. Helens is about 55 miles northeast of Portland, Ore.
Russia gets budget version of Windows Microsoft effort is designed to wean people off pirated software and the open-source Linux OS.
Vodafone eyes annual savings of 2.5bn Vodafone is to cut costs by 2.5bn per year by March 2008. It will do this a combination of 1.4bn through cost-saving measures and 1.
Air Canada to Buy Bombardier Jets Air Canada has agreed to buy \$821 million of Canadair Regional Jets from Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , the companies said on Monday.
TCL Communication makes satisfactory debut in HKEX TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited (TCL Communication), one of the leading mobile handset manufacturers in the Chinese mainland made its debut on HKEX (Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearings Limited) Monday.
UK #39;s Branson to Launch Space Tourism in 2007 Richard Branson, Britain #39;s best-known entrepreneur and part-time daredevil, plans to launch the world #39;s first passenger service to space in 2007, offering zero-gravity flights for 110,000 pounds (\$198,600).
Space station oxygen supply safe for now The International Space Station will have enough oxygen on board to support its crew of two until the next Progress supply vehicle delivers more on Christmas Day, says NASA.
Dubai: 8 airport workers killed in accident A wall collapsed at an airport construction site Monday, killing more than eight workers and injuring many more, a contractor said.
Cisco unveils switches, software for SMBs Cisco Systems Inc. on Monday is set to take aim at small and medium-size businesses (SMBs) that have growing needs and sparse technical expertise, introducing a pair of LAN switches and a graphical management application.
Microsoft steps up efforts to nab Unix migrations Hoping to throw some tacks in the road to slow Linux momentum, Microsoft during the next year will redouble its efforts to woo more corporate users migrating from Unix to the open source OS.
China's first 300mm chip plant starts production Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC), China's largest chip maker and also one of the world's biggest contract chip makers, Saturday formally began commercial production at a 300-millimeter semiconductor fabrication plant (fab) in Beijing called Fab 4, the first such facility to open in China.
Microsoft is ready to remove media player for EU BRUSSELS -- Microsoft Corp. will be ready to comply with the European Commission's demands for changes to its Windows operating systems if a European court rejects its request for the measures to be suspended, a spokesman for the company said Monday.
Microsoft Adds New Hotmail Fee To curb spam, users will be charged for accessing their e-mail via Outlook.
HP Drops Itanium 2 Workstations Move is the latest setback for the chip Intel once billed as an industry standard.
'Wikis' Offer Knowledge-Sharing on the Web By ANICK JESDANUN    NEW YORK (AP) -- Taran Rampersad didn't complain when he failed to find anything on his hometown in the online encyclopedia Wikipedia. Instead, he simply wrote his own entry for San Fernando, Trinidad and Tobago...
Adobe Plans New Format Standard for Digital Photos By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Adobe Systems Inc...
Microsoft Ready to Comply if EU Appeal Lost By PAUL GEITNER    BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) said Monday it is ready to put a stripped-down version of Windows on the market if it fails this week to persuade a judge to suspend a landmark European Union antitrust decision...
Spy Imagery Agency Watching Americans In the name of homeland security, America's spy imagery agency is keeping a close eye, close to home. It's watching America. Since the Sept. 11 attacks, about 100 employees of a little-known branch of the Defense Department called the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency have focused on observing what's going on in the United States.
No price cut as Virgin unveils US music download service LONDON - Virgin launches its rival to Apple #39;s iTunes and Roxio #39;s Napster in the US today, although consumers will get no break on price because the service charges the same 99 cents a song to download.
Sweet emotion Bee Staff Writer. When that last knee-knocking 2-foot putt found the hole, Christina Kim dropped to her knees in tears, then got up to begin a celebration worthy of her flamboyant personality.
Bucs discount revenge factor Bee Staff Writer. They knew, when the 2004 NFL schedule came out, there would be a revenge angle of sorts attached to the teams #39; first meeting since the Buccaneers #39; Super Bowl rout of Oakland two years ago.
Nascar: Newman cruises at Dover It didn #39;t take Ryan Newman long to figure out he had an awesome race car Sunday - one that would be capable of winning the MBNA America 400 race at Dover International Speedway.
Packers Lose Shootout with Colts It is well known that Brett Favre doesn #39;t have a good record in domes. But only looking at his performance at Indy on Sunday, one would think that the Packers would have won the game.
HP drops Itanium workstations Citing market conditions for the move, HP has dropped the processor just two months after Intel started shipping the 64-bit architecture for x86 systems.
German leaders avoid big losses in electoral test BERLIN - Germanys governing Social Democrats avoided major losses in local elections Sunday in the countrys most populous state, while the conservative opposition lost votes but stayed well ahead in a traditional stronghold for Chancellor Gerhard 
Second Thai woman has bird flu A 32-YEAR-OLD Thai woman was today confirmed to be suffering from bird flu, the second confirmed human case of the disease since the country #39;s latest outbreak started in July.
Lubbers suggests Darfur autonomy The UN High Commissioner for Refugees, Ruud Lubbers, has suggested that the Sudanese government should grant more autonomy to the Darfur region in an effort to end the violence there.
Referendum on Swiss Citizenship Takes Place Sunday Swiss voters go to the polls Sunday to vote in a referendum on making it easier for children and grandchildren of foreigners living in the country to gain citizenship.
Israeli Troops Enter West Bank Hospital Israeli troops hunting militants raided a West Bank hospital Monday, searching rooms and calling on fugitives over loudspeakers to surrender, and in Gaza soliders 
Virgin Music Download Service Aims to Bite Apple, MSN, Yahoo Virgin Music Download Service Aims to Bite Apple, MSN, Yahoo\\On Monday Virgin launched a digital music download service which is expected to challenge Napster, iTunes, MSN Music Store, and Yahoo as the first digital music download service with two big brother backing it up, the Virgin Music Store Chain and ...
The Broadband Market Rises in the UK (Reuters) Reuters - More than one of every five UK\households has a broadband connection, according to a new study\on Monday, indicating that falling prices have made Britain one\of the fastest growing markets for high-speed Internet access.
Greek School Bus Crash Kills Seven, Injures 24 (Reuters) Reuters - A bus carrying school\students and teachers to the Athens Paralympic Games collided\with a truck in central Greece on Monday killing at least seven\people and injuring 24, officials said.
Japanese Leader Reshuffles Cabinet (AP) AP - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi replaced key ministers and ruling party leaders in a shuffle Monday aimed at solidifying his power and building momentum for his troubled reforms program.
Carter foresees unfair vote in Florida (AFP) AFP - A repetition of problems that plagued the 2000 US presidential election is likely, former US president and veteran elections monitor Jimmy Carter said, charging that  quot;basic international requirements quot; for a fair vote are missing in Florida.
Seven die in Greek bus crash At least seven school children die when their bus crashed as they were travelling to the Paralympics Games in Athens.
US 'buys town for terror drills' The US Department of Homeland Security is buying an entire town for anti-terror  training, reports say.
Global box office rise forecast Global cinema takings will rise steadily to \$22.8bn (12.6bn) by the end of 2004, a research body predicts.
Campaigns Aim to Lower Debate Expectations CRAWFORD, Texas - It's a classic pre-debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. While President Bush and Democrat John Kerry remained secluded half a country apart on Sunday in preparation for their prime-time showdown Thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double-barreled debate strategy...
Stocks to Open Lower on Rising Oil Prices NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen slightly lower at the open as investors stay on guard with oil pushing near the \$50-a-barrel level...
Building Collapses at Dubai Airport DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - A large wall in a building under construction at Dubai airport collapsed Monday, killing more than eight people and injuring many more, a contractor said.    Workers at the site said they saw up to 40 casualties being taking away, but there was no confirmation of the number of wounded...
108-Year-Old Man Starts Smoking Again GREAT FALLS, Mont. - A 108-year-old man has taken up smoking again, encouraged by gifts of cigars from as far away as London...
Hurricane Jeanne Continues to Ravage Fla. MELBOURNE, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne tore a fresh path of destruction and despair as it continued its march up storm-ravaged Florida, where the fourth major hurricane in six weeks shut down much of the state and prompted recovery plans on a scale never before seen in the nation...
Powell Says Situation in Iraq 'Getting Worse' Secretary of State Colin Powell sees the situation in Iraq "getting worse" as planned elections approach, and the top U.S. military commander for Iraq says he expects more violence ahead.
Why are oil prices so high? US crude prices on the New York Mercantile Exchange have hit fresh record highs, hitting \$49.45 a barrel, up more than 50 percent from the start of the year.
Bombardier Says Air Canada May Buy up to 90 Aircraft (Update1) Bombardier Inc., the world #39;s third- biggest maker of commercial aircraft, said Air Canada ordered 45 planes and may buy 45 more in an agreement with a potential value of \$2.
Before the Bell - Fannie Mae down 2 pct Shares of Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 2 percent in premarket trading on Monday, a day after reports said the embattled mortgage finance giant was close to a deal with regulators.
AT amp; Wireless unveils messaging-only handheld AT amp;T Wireless on Monday seemed to be trying to turn back the clock on cell phone design trends when it introduced the Ogo, a messaging-only handheld.
Adobe Systems to introduce new format for digital photos SAN JOSE, Calif. Adobe Systems is introducing a new format today for digital photos it hopes will create a standard in the industry.
House Arrest Ends for Ex-Parmalat Chief With his period of house arrest over, former Parmalat boss Calisto Tanzi took a walk in the garden of his villa Monday, following nine months of detention and questioning over the fraud scandal that engulfed his company.
A hit in Motown All guys he played with in San Francisco. All guys who made up one of the greatest offenses in NFL history. All guys who remind him of what he has now.
USC Thrives in Adversity, Tops Stanford (AP) AP - Though Southern California went to halftime down 11 points, Matt Grootegoed knew the Trojans were going to win as soon as he stepped into the locker room.
Dubai terminal construction collapse Officials can not estimate all casualties as some people still remain under the ruins. The wall of the new airports terminal collapsed in United Arab Emirates  capital at 11 am.
Fannie Mae in Deal to Hike Capital (Reuters) Reuters - Embattled mortgage finance company\Fannie Mae  agreed to keep billions of dollars more cash\on hand while it corrects accounting problems, its government\regulator said on Monday.
Cemex Buys 18.8 Percent Stake in RMC (Reuters) Reuters - Mexican cement company Cemex said on\Monday it had spent about 432 million pounds ( #36;780 million)\buying an 18.8 percent stake in RMC Group  as part of\its planned takeover of its British rival.
Citigroup's Thomson, Krawcheck Swap Posts (Reuters) Reuters - Citigroup Inc.  on Monday said\Todd Thomson, its chief financial officer and head of strategy,\will swap posts with Sallie Krawcheck, Smith Barney's chairman\and chief executive officer.
Cemex Buys 18.8 Percent Stake in RMC  LONDON (Reuters) - Mexican cement company Cemex said on  Monday it had spent about 432 million pounds (\$780 million)  buying an 18.8 percent stake in RMC Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RMC.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RMC.L&lt;/A&gt; as part of  its planned takeover of its British rival.
Citigroup's Thomson, Krawcheck Swap Posts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  Todd Thomson, its chief financial officer and head of strategy,  will swap posts with Sallie Krawcheck, Smith Barney's chairman  and chief executive officer.
T-W, Comcast in Pact on Cable Unit Stake  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; and Comcast  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.OQ target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.OQ&lt;/A&gt; on Monday agreed to a pact giving Comcast an  option to cut its stake in Time Warner's cable unit, opening  the door for Comcast to unwind the entire partnership.
The Dollar Hits a 6-Week High vs. the Yen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar climbed to six-week highs  against the yen on concern over the impact of high crude prices  on the oil-dependent Japanese economy.
Man Utd warns of lower TV revenues Manchester United has warned that lower TV revenues will hit earnings this year, after posting a dip in annual profits. The world #39;s richest soccer club and the subject of 
AT amp;T Wireless Sells Dedicated Messaging Device AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. (AWE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) launches a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.
Mozilla Now Strong Challenger to Internet Explorer Clearly the hottest up-and-coming alternative to the Internet Explorer is Mozilla #39;s Firefox Web browser. Firefox, a free download, has tricks up its sleeve that Internet Explorer has not yet caught on to.
VoIP, Inc. To Pursue Cable Companies for Virtual Service Provider &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. --(Business Wire)-- Sept. 27, 2004 -- VoIP, Inc. (OTCBB:VOII) today announced that it plans to help cable companies capture a share of the Internet phone services business.
Stealth dino A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
ROY JONES JUNIOR.. A LEGEND THAT TIME CAUGHT UP WITH.. In his prime, Roy Jones was the greatest pound for pound fighter in the world. He dazzled us with electrifying speed, unmatched lateral movement, boxing smarts, and mad slipping ability.
NFL Wrap: McNabb Sparkles for Eagles The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the Detroit Lions 30-13 Sunday in a clash of two previously unbeaten teams. Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb, the NFL #39;s top-rated passer, had a huge part 
Under the Gunners #39; spell Forty seven games and counting - that #39;s Arsenal #39;s unbeaten league record after the weekend victory at Manchester City. The Gunners are drowning in an avalanche of plaudits, the majority of them deserved, while 
Time Warner, Comcast enter cable pact Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. agreed to a deal Monday giving Comcast an option to cut its stake in Time Warner #39;s cable unit, opening the door for Comcast to unwind the entire partnership.
Counting the cost of Hurricane Ivan Hurricane Ivan has left a trail of destroyed homes and wrecked lives across the Caribbean and parts of the United States. Julia Botfield visited the island of Grenada for BBC Breakfast TV to see how the inhabitants 
Stocks Open Lower as Oil Nears \$50/barrel US stocks opened lower on Monday as investor concerns were fueled by oil prices hitting a fresh record high, marching closer to \$50 a barrel, on supply concerns emerging from Nigeria.
Big, Beefy Billionaires I always get a kick out of the annual list published by Forbes singling out the richest people in the country. It #39;s almost as amusing as those on the list bickering over their placement.
The next big thing for government In a discussion that lasted for more than an hour, experts batted around a multitude of ideas that included wireless technology and the reason it will be so big, information security and assurance, and how to deal with budget tightening.
Intel: no WiFi in  quot;grantsdale quot; chipset Intel Corporation has decided not to enable the wireless access-point function in its new Intel  quot;Grantsdale quot; chip. A company spokesman confirmed that Intel has decided to phase 
Huge Asteroid to Fly Past Earth Wednesday The largest asteroid ever known to pass near Earth is making a close celestial brush with the planet this week in an event that professional and backyard astronomers are watching closely.
Eight killed as Dubai airport wall collapses At least eight people were killed after a wall collapsed at a building site at Dubai airport today. Workers said they saw up to 40 casualties being taken from the scene of the collapse, with some people reported to be trapped under the debris.
India to celebrate Taj Mahal #39;s 350th anniversary INDIA - 350-year-anniversary celebrations devoted to the jubilee of the famous mausoleum Taj Mahal will start tomorrow in India. The worldwide known historic architectural gem, the snow-white Taj Mahal, was 
Thailand confirms second case of bird flu Bangkok, Sept 27.(PTI): Thailand today announced that a 32-year-old woman is suffering from Avian Flu, the second confirmed human case of the disease since the latest outbreak started in July.
Google Conforms to Chinese Censorship Google Inc.'s recently launched news service in China doesn't display results from Web sites blocked by that country's authorities, raising prickly questions for an online search engine that has famously promised to "do no evil."
All I Wanted Was a Pepsi Pepsi is ready to post earnings; let's hope it doesn't follow in Coke's footsteps.
AT  Wireless unveils messaging-only handheld The company says the device, dubbed the Ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are "hardly used."
Fannie Mae to Correct Accounting and Boost Capital (Update2) Fannie Mae, the biggest buyer of US mortgages, will correct its accounting and boost capital to a level 30 percent above the required minimum after its federal regulator found errors 
Nortel names chief marketing officer Nortel Networks Corp. named its first chief marketing officer on Monday in keeping with the new initiatives announced last month by CEO William Owens.
Stocks in Retreat As Oil Nears \$50 Mark As crude oil futures head toward \$50 per barrel, stocks are in retreat. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 31 points in today #39;s early going.
Multiplex secures Ronin bid MULTIPLEX Group has seen off a late challenge to its takeover of Ronin Property Group, yesterday securing a crucial stake that all but guarantees a successful bid and a re-rating of the developer #39;s shares.
Citigroup #39;s Krawcheck Named Finance, Strategy Chief (Update1) Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s biggest bank, named Sallie Krawcheck chief financial officer and head of strategy, making her the highest-ranking woman on Wall Street.
UPDATE 1-Tommy Hilfiger shares fall 24 pct on US probe Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. (TOM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 24 percent on Monday morning after the clothing maker said a federal grand jury subpoenaed documents from 
Branson unveils deal for first commercial space flights The Virgin chief Sir Richard Branson announced his company has signed an agreement potentially worth 14 million to secure the world #39;s first commercial flights to space.
IBM plans a big push into logistics IBM was to announce on Monday that it would invest \$250 million over the next five years and employ a thousand people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
Roosters setback THE Sydney Roosters have been dealt a cruel double blow with Chris Flannery - the man most likely to replace Luke Ricketson if he is suspended - rushed to hospital yesterday.
7 students killed in Greek crash A bus taking Greek high school students to watch the Paralympics smashed into a truck loaded with glass Monday, killing seven teenage passengers and injuring 30 other people, police said.
Workers die in collapse at airport DUBAI, United Arab Emirates A collapse at a construction site at the Dubai airport on Monday killed five people and injured a dozen, the Department of Civil Aviation said.
Koizumi moves to sell off Japan Post TOKYO With Japan #39;s banking crisis coming under control, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi shifted his economic repairman on Monday to Japan #39;s next gargantuan task: privatizing the world #39;s largest bank.
Iranian diplomat held hostage in Iraq freed: embassy An Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq has been freed and is in the Iranian Embassy in Baghdad, diplomatic sources told Xinhua on Monday.
New case of bird flu puts Thais on alert HONG KONG Officials in Thailand announced Monday that a 32-year-old woman had been hospitalized with the country #39;s second human case of avian influenza since the disease began a resurgence in July and said that two family members of the sick person had 
Four Palestinian shot dead; Israelis mount search operation in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JENIN, West Bank, Sept 27 (AFP) - Four Palestinians were killed by Israeli gunfire in the occupied territories on Monday, while the Jewish state #39;s army pressed a large search and arrest operation in Jenin, security sources said.
UPDATE 8-US oil near \$50, supply fears shift to Nigeria Oil prices surged to new record highs on Monday near \$50 for US crude as Nigeria emerged as the latest focus for worries about supply security on world energy markets.
Citigroup #39;s Krawcheck to Get No. 2 Post Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said one of its fast-rising executives, Sallie Krawcheck, will take over the No.
Fannie Mae to increase capital WASHINGTON, Sept 27 (Reuters) Fannie Mae would have to maintain 30 percent more capital than current rules demand it hold on its balance sheet, the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight, said in a statement.
US probe weighs on Tommy Hilfiger Shares sink as a federal grand jury continues its investigation into commission rates, tax benefits. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp.
AT amp;T Wireless ships mobile IM gadget US mobile network operator AT amp;T Wireless today launched Ogo, its first non-voice messaging device, pitched at the  #39;yoof #39; market - in particular those who only like to communicate by text.
Cochlear Implants Recalled For Malfunction Risk WASHINGTON -- A worldwide recall has been issued for two brands of cochlear implants. The recall only includes the estimated 440 devices that have not yet been implanted.
Sony gets top cast in MGM \$US3bn show Sony is hiring some big guns to capture movie giant Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Photo: AP. Unlike the old days, Sony is seeking outside support in its tilt at MGM, writes William Pesek.
Virgin to offer space flights High-flying Brit entrepreneur Richard Branson today announced the imminent take-off of the  quot;VSS Virgin quot; - a scaled-up version of Burt Rutan #39;s SpacShipOne - which will offer well-to-do wannabe astronauts the chance of zero-grav flights for a mere 100,000 
E-Commerce Attacks on the Rise Symantec recently issued its biannual Internet threat report, which notes, among other trends, that e-commerce sites were the most targeted by hackers in the first six months of this year.
Cheap thrills Sven Jaschan, who may face five years in prison for spreading the Netsky and Sasser worms, is now working in IT security. Photo: AFP.
World No. 1 Singh beats Tiger Woods earnings record Vijay Singh, who knocked Tiger Woods off the top of the world rankings this month for the first time in over five years, surpassed Woods #39; earnings record for a single season when he won the 84 Lumber Classic on Sunday.
YOUTH IS KEY TO DAVIS CUP FUTURE - BATES Captain Jeremy Bates insists there are grounds for optimism despite fears over Great Britain #39;s Davis Cup future. The British team remain stuck in the wilderness of the Euro-African zone after crashing 3-2 to Austria in Portschach.
Ullrich out of world championships time trial Former Tour de France winner Jan Ullrich will not compete in Wednesday #39;s time trial of the world cycling championships in Italy because of a stomach problem.
Palestinians bury slain Hamas member in Syria amid cries for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thousands of Palestinians, many shouting calls for revenge, on Monday buried a member of the militant group Hamas who was killed in a car bomb assassination in which Israeli security officials acknowledged they had a hand.
Brown speaks of sympathy for Bigley Gordon Brown has extended his sympathies to the family of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq, as Mr Bigley #39;s brother criticised Tony Blair.
World Oil Prices Hover Near Record Highs In Monday Trading Crude oil prices rose to a record high in London trading and hit near-record levels in New York on Monday. London #39;s benchmark Brent crude oil hit a record of \$46.
Tommy Hilfiger gets Grand Jury subpoena NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Tommy Hilfiger USA said Friday that it received a federal grand jury subpoena seeking documents related to commissions the company paid to a non-US subsidiary since 1990.
Net Attacks Down, Bot Networks Up The average daily volume of Internet attacks declined in the last six months, according to Symantec Corp. #39;s Internet Security Threat Report.
Perens hits out at Sun over OpenOffice Open source developers who contribute to OpenOffice should stop donating their code to Sun Microsystems, open source advocate Bruce Perens has urged.
Christina Kim gets first win on LPGA Tour Christina Kim got her first win on the LPGA Tour Sunday when she shot a six-under 65 to capture the Longs Drugs Challenge. Kim wound up with 18-under-par 266, one stroke better than runnerup Karrie Webb.
Virgin Group to launch US online music service LOS ANGELES, California, United States of America - Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group said Monday it was jumping into online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; for US customers offering song downloads for 99 cents.
IE updates no longer free for older Windows users Internet security may be priceless, but people who want a safer web browser with their older versions of Windows will pay \$239. Until last month, the software giant #39;s security-challenged Internet 
FDIC warns consumers on e-mail scams The FDIC Friday issued an alert about an increasingly common e-mail scam designed to steal personal information and money from millions of unwary consumers.
Gill Defends Payments to Agents Manchester United chief executive David Gill has strongly defended payment of 5.5million to agents over the past 12 months. The extraordinary figure, which does not include a payment 
Indian coverage to go ahead Any lingering doubts over the television coverage of the India-Australia Test series appeared to have been erased yesterday, with a report that a local network would be appointed as broadcaster.
Convoy raid kills Pakistan troops At least three Pakistani soldiers have been killed in an attack on a convoy in South Waziristan, the army says.
Oil Near \$50, Supply Eye Nigeria Turmoil  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to new record highs on  Monday near \$50 for U.S. crude as Nigeria emerged as the latest  focus for worries about supply security on world energy  markets.
New Home Sales Jump 9.4 Pct in August  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. new home sales jumped a  surprising 9.4 percent in August, the fastest acceleration of  sales in almost four years, as a fresh dip in mortgage interest  rates attracted buyers, a government report showed on Monday.
U.S. Stocks Down as Oil Edges Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Monday as oil  prices hit a record high, spurring worries that energy costs  will eat into corporate profits.
Citigroup's Krawcheck to Get No. 2 Post  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  one of its fast-rising executives, Sallie Krawcheck, will take  over the No. 2 position at the world's biggest financial  services company, replacing Todd Thomson who will take her job  as head of brokerage Smith Barney.
Dollar Hits 6-Wk High Vs Yen: Oil Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar climbed to six-week highs  against the yen on concern over the impact of high crude prices  on the oil-dependent Japanese economy.
Air Canada to Buy 30 Bombardier Jets  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Air Canada has agreed to buy 30  Canadair Regional Jets from Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDb.TO&lt;/A&gt; in a  contract valued at \$821 million, the companies said on Monday,  but the order falls 15 jets short of an earlier plan.
U.S. Jets Pound Militant Positions in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. jets pounded suspected Shiite militant positions in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Monday, killing at least five people and wounding 40...
Wall Collapses at Dubai Airport DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - A wall collapsed at an airport construction site Monday, killing more than eight workers and injuring many more, a contractor said.    Workers at Dubai airport said they saw up to 40 casualties being taking away, but the toll could not be immediately confirmed...
U.S. Jets Pound Militant Positions in Iraq U.S. jets pounded suspected Shiite militant positions in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Monday, killing at least five people and wounding 40. Elsewhere, insurgents detonated a car bomb and fired rockets, killing at least four National Guardsmen, in separate attacks targeting Iraq's beleaguered security forces.
Israel Accuses Syria of 'Directing Terrorism' Israel accused Syria on Monday of "directing terrorism" and warned it could face pre-emptive strikes against militants on its territory, but stopped short of saying it killed a Hamas leader in Damascus.
Citigroup #39;s Krawcheck gets No. 2 post Fast rising exec replaces CFO Todd Thomson, who will take her job as head of brokerage Smith Barney. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc.
Greek School Bus Crash Kills 7, Injures At Least 24 In Greece, a schoolbus filled with teenage students bound for the Paralympic Games has crashed on the way to Athens, leaving seven passengers dead and at least 24 injured.
Comcast, Time Warner announce financial deal Comcast Corp. and Time Warner Inc. on Monday announced an agreement on what could be the first step of giving Comcast a way to redeem its stake in Time Warner Cable Inc.
Microsoft withdraws Outlook support for hotmail Microsoft has outlaid plans that involve charging people for accessing their email via its email application Outlook. However Microsoft is not citing the urge to make even more cash, but an attempt to quell 
Philips and Cirrus cut forecasts as chip gloom deepens Clouds continued to gather over the chip sector last week after Philips confirmed a bleaker outlook for sales, and analog and DSP chip vendor Cirrus Logic Inc sharply downgraded its forecast for the current quarter because customers want to reduce 
T-Online Takes Over German Music Portal (Reuters) Reuters - Germany's music industry has switched\efforts to sell music over the Internet to Deutsche Telekom's\(DTEGn.DE) Web unit T-Online (TOIGn.DE) from a previous\collaboration with another Telekom division, it was announced\on Monday.
iBeam adds laser pointer, flashlight to iPod (MacCentral) MacCentral - Griffin Technology Inc. on Monday unveiled the iBeam, a new flashlight and laser pointer combination designed to work as a snap-on package for iPods and iPod minis. The flashlight and laser pointer are two separate devices that feature protective caps and can be clipped on to a keychain when not in use. The devices plug in to the iPod's headphone jack. The package will cost US #36;19.99 when it ships by the end of October.
Paralympics Scrap Closing Celebrations After Crash The Athens Paralympics canceled celebrations at its closing ceremony after seven schoolchildren traveling to watch the event died in a bus crash on Monday.
Microsoft Ready to Remove Media Player (PC World) PC World - Software giant will follow court orders and comply with EU's demands if necessary.
Calif. Classic Car Lovers Dismayed by New Law (Reuters) Reuters - Lovers of California's classic\cars, celebrated in the Beach Boys song for "fun, fun, fun,"\worried that a new state law could take their T-birds and\little deuce coupes away.
Sri Lanka Seeks Peace - This Time with Elephants (Reuters) Reuters - Wild elephants and farmers\are killing each other at an alarming rate in Sri Lanka, so\hundreds of wildlife officers and villagers fanned out into\forests on Monday to find ways to broker peace.
NTL 'sorry' over abusive message The NTL phone company apologises after an abusive recorded message is left on their faults line.
Tommy Hilfiger Down 24 Pct on U.S. Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. \fell 24 percent on Monday morning after the clothing maker said\a federal grand jury subpoenaed documents from its U.S. unit\regarding commissions paid to a subsidiary outside the United\States.
FDA KOs Allergan Psoriasis Treatment  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. regulators won't approve Allergan  Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AGN.N&lt;/A&gt; experimental treatment for the skin disorder  psoriasis based on the data submitted, the company said on  Monday.
Avici Sees Revenue Shortfall, Shares Drop  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Avici Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVCI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AVCI.O&lt;/A&gt;, which  makes equipment that directs traffic over the Internet, on  Monday slashed its revenue outlook for the current quarter  because customers have delayed network expansions, and its  shares lost nearly a third of their value.
Picture of North Sea fish decline A model of the North Sea's ecosystem suggests the total fish stock has dropped from 26 million tonnes to 10 million tonnes in just over a century.
New Home Sales Climb 9.4 Percent in August Mortgage interest rates remained at low enough levels, it seemed, to continue enticing buyers worried about future rate hikes.
Mexico stocks dragged by Cemex acquisition news Mexican stocks fell early Monday, dragged lower by cement giant Cemex (CX) after it announced a multibillion dollar acquisition of a British company, the largest by a Mexican firm ever.
US junior rider wins silver at cycling worlds Rebecca Much of the United States won the silver medal in the junior time trial Monday at the road cycling world championships. Tereza Hurikova of the Czech Republic was the winner, following her bronze medal on a mountain bike Sept.
Entertainment part of Paralympic Games closing ceremony canceled The organizing committee for 2004 Athens Paralympic Games has decided to cancel the entertainment part of the closing ceremony due to a car accident which killed atleast seven students early Monday morning.
Lions can #39;t play with big boys yet The Lions stepped up to see if they could play with one of the NFC #39;s best teams and they got their ears boxed. The Philadelphia Eagles roared away to a 21-point lead with three touchdowns 
Jaguars finally get win over Titans, knock out McNair Fred Taylor ran for a 1-yard touchdown with nine seconds left Sunday, and the Jaguars earned their first victory ever in Nashville.
AT T Wireless unveils messaging-only handheld The company says the device, dubbed the Ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are "hardly used."
Slain Hamas member buried in Syria Thousands of Palestinians, many shouting calls for revenge, today buried a member of the militant group Hamas who was killed in a car bomb assassination in which Israeli security officials acknowledged they had a hand.
UN peacekeepers rush to storm-ravaged Gonaives to stop looting UN peacekeepers rushed to this storm-ravaged city Monday to guard against looters stealing food aid while military doctors performed operations on howling patients and hundreds of weary victims, after a miserable night spent out in 
IBM sheds light on next Notes/Domino IBM/Lotus is stepping up efforts to reassure users that its Notes/Domino collaboration platform isn't on the chopping block and will survive well into the future.
PalmSource unveils Cobalt 6.1 OS PalmSource will ratchet up the competition among wireless OS vendors this week by announcing Cobalt 6.1, the latest version of its mobile operating system. The main emphasis of the new PalmSource OS is on wireless connectivity, putting it on a par with Microsofts Windows Mobile and Nokias Symbian mobile OSes.
Oracle brings SMB suite to North America Oracle Corp. is finally bringing to the North American market its Oracle E-Business Suite Special Edition, a midmarket-aimed package of pre-installed, preconfigured software from its 11i suite of business applications.
Tech companies building bridges with China BEIJING -- John Chambers, the chief executive officer (CEO) and president of Cisco Systems Inc., doesn't care when economists think China is going to become the world's largest economy. He's just thinking about what needs to be done for Cisco to tap into that market.
Microsoft to charge for Hotmail-Outlook link Microsoft Corp. on Monday will start charging for a Hotmail feature that allows users of the Web-based e-mail service to access their e-mail using the Outlook e-mail client.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Microsoft Ready to Remove Media Player Software giant will follow court orders and comply with EU's demands if necessary.
Toshiba Readies 60GB Gigabeat Upcoming device will be the first audio player to use Toshiba's 60GB hard drive.
Holidays That are Out of This World It used to be that a trip to Africa or Antarctica qualified as an exotic tourist destination. But cash-rich tourists seeking adventure are now rejecting earthly adventures for destinations that are more out of this world.
Ricketson needs a downgrade DEVASTATED Sydney Roosters lock Luke Ricketson this morning will meet club officials to formalise a defence against a striking charge which, if unsuccessful, will see him miss Sunday #39;s grand final.
Pakistan dealt crushing blow to Al Qaeda Pakistan said that it had dealt Al-Qaeda network a crushing blow after killing senior Al Qaeda operative, Amjad Farooqi, who is accused of hiding the chief plotter of Sept.
9/11 fireman tells of plane alert ordeal A NEW York fireman involved in the 9/11 rescue effort today told of his ordeal on board a plane diverted to the UK in a bomb alert.
One French was killed by bullets in Jeddah The Saudi authorities said that one French citizen was killed in Jeddah city yesterday at dawn in the second incident of its kind this month suspected to be carried out by members of al Qaida organization.
Do Search Engine Spiders Pick Up Urls in a Javascript Menu? Do Search Engine Spiders Pick Up Url's in a Javascript Menu?\\This subject has been discussed before in length, but solutions have remained personal opinion. A thread over at Highrankings addresses some interesting issues regarding whether or not a search engine spider can extract links from a javascript menu. If the ...
Kidd to Make Season Debut Versus Raptors  EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ (Sports Network) - New Jersey guard  Jason Kidd is expected to make his season debut Monday, when  the Nets host the Toronto Raptors at Continental Airlines  Arena.
Freescale Wins 200 Mln Euro Siemens Supply Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Freescale Semiconductor Inc. has won\a long-term contract worth more than 200 million euros ( #36;246\million) to supply car components to Siemens, the companies\said on Monday.
Turner in Deal with Akimbo for Video-On-Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Akimbo, a provider of video on demand\services via the Internet, on Monday said Turner Broadcasting\System Inc. agreed to provide Akimbo subscribers with\programming from networks such as CNN and Cartoon Network.
Freescale Wins 200 Mln Euro Siemens Supply Deal  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Freescale Semiconductor Inc. has won  a long-term contract worth more than 200 million euros (\$246  million) to supply car components to Siemens, the companies  said on Monday.
Move Over Sniffer Dogs, Here Come Africa's Rats (Reuters) Reuters - Tom sits patiently in a cage\while Jerry, tethered by a harness, scuttles around sniffing\and scratching the earth.
Tories accuse Labour of dirty tricks in cyberspace (AFP) AFP - The ruling Labour Party was accused of planning dirty tricks by registering three Internet domain names which use the name of the leader of the main opposition Conservatives.
Carter Predicts Florida Poll Will Again Be Flawed (Reuters) Reuters - Former President Jimmy Carter, who\has monitored elections throughout the developing world,\predicted on Monday the U.S. presidential vote in Florida would\be as flawed as the 2000 poll there.
U.S. Officials Differ on Iraqi Elections (AP) AP - Top U.S. officials differed Friday over key details of planned Iraqi elections in January, including the unresolved issue of whether all Iraqis will be able to vote and who will protect them from their country's worsening violence.
Paralympics Scrap Closing Celebrations After Crash  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens Paralympics canceled  celebrations at its closing ceremony after seven schoolchildren  traveling to watch the event died in a bus crash on Monday.
Kidnapped Iranian Diplomat Released in Iraq - TV  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian diplomat Fereidoun Jahani,  kidnapped in Iraq last month, has been released, the Iranian  embassy in Baghdad said on Monday, adding he was in good health  but tired.
India Celebrates 350th Birthday of Taj Mahal  AGRA, India (Reuters) - Hundreds of schoolchildren gathered  outside India's Taj Mahal on Monday, releasing heart-shaped  balloons and setting free white pigeons to mark the 350th  birthday of the world's most famous monument to love.
Sweden to save 'sinking' town Sweden is to move the northern town of Kiruna to prevent it sinking into a hole left by iron ore mines.
War threatens Uganda Aids success HIV/Aids is twice as common in the war-torn north of Uganda as in the rest of the country, an aid agency says.
Picture of North Sea fish decline A scientific model of the North Sea's ecosystem suggests the total stock of fish has dropped from 26 million tonnes to 10 million t in just over a century.
Multiplex makes Ronin bid official Multiplex Group yesterday officially launched its takeover offer for Ronin Property Group and its bid to become Australias fourth largest property trust listed on the ASX.
Update 1: Yukos Unit Evaluated for Sale to Pay Bill Assets of Russia #39;s beleaguered Yukos oil company should fetch at least \$15 billion, a senior official said Monday, as the company #39;s main production unit is evaluated for sale to offset a crushing back-tax bill.
Walgreen posts higher quarterly profit Walgreen says its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings topped forecasts, rising 18 percent on higher prescription sales at stores open at least one year.
Manchester United Reports Big Drop in Annual Profits English football (soccer) team Manchester United has reported a nearly 30 percent fall in its annual profits and warned that future results would be affected by a drop in media revenues.
Nortel Networks Names Clent Richardson Chief Marketing Officer Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s bigger maker of phone equipment, named Clent Richardson as its chief marketing officer, filling a position that was vacant for almost two years.
Oil Prices Soar on Supply Shortage Fears Oil prices soared to new highs on both sides of the Atlantic today as traders fretted over increasingly short supplies. The cost of crude in New York broke through the 
Ingram to acquire TechPac Ingram Micro is all set to acquire Tech Pacific, in a move that will significantly impact the Indian IT distribution and channels sector.
Microsoft braces for EU anti-trust appeal US software giant Microsoft said it will abide by whatever ruling is handed down by a European appeal court hearing due to start this week against an EU condemnation for abusing its market dominance.
Sports Court Hears Hamm Gold Medal Appeal (AP) AP - Paul Hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court Monday to argue why he should keep his Olympic gymnastics gold medal.
Groundwork Laid for Spaceline LONDON-September 27, 2004 - A ticket may soon be all that separates you from a dream voyage to the final frontier. British entrepreneur Richard Branson says Virgin company plans to start offering commercial space flights over the next few years.
Last-minute delay for X Prize rival The countdown to the conclusion of the privately funded race for space is producing some last-minute surprises, with a key competitor postponing its bid just days before its scheduled flight.
Singh has Tiger running scared HAVING overtaken Tiger Woods as the world #39;s premier golfer, Vijay Singh pushed Woods further into his wake yesterday (AEST) by claiming the PGA Tour #39;s single-season money record.
What we learned Detroit: They #39;re good enough to beat Chicago and Houston but they #39;re nowhere near the level of the Eagles. This game was over by the end of the first quarter, when Philadelphia led 14-0, and as one Eagle said 
Tennis: Tim slams Cup rules after defeat TIM Henman blasted the Davis Cup rule book as Great Britain today had to face up to another failure to reach the World Group. Henman and Greg Rusedski slumped to a 3-2 defeat over two days in Austria to be relegated to the Euro-African zone.
Emblem of radical Palestinian organisation Hamas The killing of Hamas leader Izz ed-Din al-Sheikh Khalil in Damascus on Sunday marks another step in the struggle between Israel and the radical Islamic Hamas organisation which has been responsible for a recent spate of suicide attacks.
SC declines consent for Taj Mahotsav A grand festival marking 350th year of Taj Mahal, beginning on Monday, ran into rough weather as the Supreme Court said that it cannot permit the UP Government to go ahead with the celebrations near the World Heritage Monument.
Turkey reforms penal code with eye on EU ANKARA: Turkey #39;s bid for membership of the European Union is back on track after the parliament passed far-reaching penal code reforms designed to improve the Muslim nation #39;s human rights record.
Three British Muslims join Zarqawi terrorist group in Iraq The revelation by a resistance leader that three British Muslims have joined the terrorist group holding the Liverpool engineer Kenneth Bigley hostage in Iraq has not only shocked most people in Britain but could cause further fracture in the already 
Treasuries Up as Oil Nears Record Highs (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices rose on\Monday as investors figured that oil prices near record highs\could slow the economy and stall monetary tightening.
Intervoice's Customers Come Calling Intervoice gives companies a cost-effective way to deal with customer calls.
California Calls the Shots California is enacting environmental legislation that could shape the U.S. auto market.
Time Warner signs deal to allow Comcast reduce stake in cable unit NEW YORK, September 27 (newratings.com) - Time Warner Inc (TWX.NYS) has reached an agreement with Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) that allows Comcast to reduce its interest in Time Warner Cable.
Adobe proposes new format for images Adobe plans to introduce a new format for digital photos tomorrow in an attempt to create an industry public standard to make the archiving and editing process compatible across all types of cameras and software.
Hilfiger shares plunge on news of probe NEW YORK -- Clothing designer Tommy Hilfiger Corp. saw its stock unravel as much as 26 percent in Monday trading after the company last week said a federal grand jury is investigating commissions it has paid since 1990.
Branson Plans Commercial Space Flights British airline magnate Richard Branson says his company will begin launching paying customers into outer space by 2007 on the world #39;s first commercial space flights.
Rooney #39;s ready for Europe - Fergie Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson insists Wayne Rooney will feel right at home in the Champions League. Rooney: Likely to start from the bench against Fenerbahce.
New IPC Athletes #39; Committee members announced The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) announced here on Monday the list of the newly-elected Athletes #39; Committee. An IPC official at once claimed it a balanced unit and 
PSU REPORT CARD The quarterback drops back to pass on the first play of the game on enemy turf and floats a picturesque 49-yard bomb to the team #39;s most dangerous player.
Pakistan claims crushing blow to Al-Qaeda ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistan claimed Monday it had dealt Al-Qaeda a crushing blow after killing a top militant said to have masterminded attempts on President Pervez Musharraf #39;s life and to have arranged the beheading of US reporter Daniel Pearl.
RPA condemns killing of Tabara Commanders of the Revolutionary Proletarian Army (RPA) immediately condemned the killing of their leader, Arturo Tabara, chairman of the Rebolusyonaryong Partido ng Manggagawa 
IDC raises 2004 PC growth view, but trims 2005 Shipments of personal computers this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted by demand from businesses, research firm IDC said Monday.
Update 1: VNU Sells Directories Unit for \$2.6B The Dutch publisher VNU, which owns the Nielsen TV ratings service, said Monday it signed a deal to sell its World Directories unit for \$2.
UPDATE 1-Mexico #39;s Cemex shares tumble on RMC deal Shares of Mexico #39;s Cemex slumped on Monday after the world #39;s No. 3 cement maker agreed to buy Britain #39;s RMC Group in the largest ever acquisition by a Mexican firm.
UPDATE 3-Nastech in obesity treatment pact with Merck Shares of Nastech Pharmaceutical Co. Inc. (NSTK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped as much as 43 percent on Monday after it said it formed an alliance with Merck  amp; Co.
Microsoft Prepared to Strip Its Player Microsoft (Quote, Chart) plans to push for a negotiated settlement of its antitrust dispute with the European Union (EU), even if it means deleting the Windows Media Player (WMP) from its operating system.
Adobe offers standard for raw photo formats com September 27, 2004, 8:25 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Virgin Enters Digital-Music Fray British entrepreneur Richard Branson is aiming for a piece of the digital-music market, launching Virgin Digital in the US The online Megastore will offer music-download fans about one million songs from which to choose, at 99 cents each.
1 Terabyte Optical Storage Disks fenimor writes  quot;Physicists at Imperial College London described a new method for potentially encoding and storing up to one Terabyte of data, or 472 hours of film, on one optical disk the size of a CD or DVD.
HP drops Itanium workstation line It was obvious that the one-two punch of Opteron and then Intel #39;s adoption of x86-64 would spell trouble for Itanium, and now HP, the (for all intents and purposes) originator of IA-64, has axed its Itanium 2 workstation line so that they can focus on 
Campbell eyes European test Arsenal defender Sol Campbell is desperate to face Rosenberg in the Champions League on Wednesday. Campbell played his first game of the season at Manchester City after recovering from an Achilles injury and is ready for a heavy workload.
UPDATE 1-Sweden #39;s Stenson holds firm to win Heritage title Sweden #39;s Henrik Stenson ended a three-year barren spell with a four-stroke victory in The Heritage on Sunday to take his second European Tour title.
Ground boost for Liverpool Liverpool #39;s plans to build a new 60,000-seater have been approved by Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott. The Premiership club received planning approval in July but needed Prescott to rubber stamp the project 
Fatal crash casts pall over Paralympics The festive segment of the Paralympic closing ceremony was cancelled today after seven teenagers were killed in a bus accident on the way to the games.
Israelis Kill Seven in West Bank and Gaza Violence An Israeli helicopter blasted a car in Gaza with a missile today, killing one person and seriously wounding a militant leader, hospital officials said, on a day when Israelis killed seven Palestinians.
Branson to launch space tourism Entrepreneur and part-time daredevil Richard Branson plans to launch the world #39;s first passenger service to space in 2007, offering zero-gravity flights for 110,000 pounds.
Optical technique promises terabyte disks A novel method of optical data storage could soon be used to hold a terabyte of data on a disk the size of a normal DVD, say researchers at Imperial College London, UK.
Heart-health lessons from Clintons case Former President Bill Clintons quadruple bypass surgery two weeks ago sent many middle-aged men rushing to have their hearts checked.
Paralympics scrap closing celebrations after crash The school bus, on its way to Athens from central Greece, collided with a truck. Thirty people were injured, 26 of them pupils in their.
Voeller quits as boss of Roma Rudi Voeller has confirmed his decision to step down as coach of struggling Serie A giants Roma. Voeller, who took over from Cesare Prandelli in the summer, tendered his resignation immediately after yesterday #39;s 3-1 defeat at nine-man Bologna.
 #39;Wayne Rooney era begins at Manchester United #39; Manchester United Manager Alex Ferguson, calls him the best English player in the last 30 years, and he #39;s expected to debut for the club tomorrow in its Champions League match at Old Trafford against Turkey #39;s Fenerbahce.
Liverpool #39;s stadium plan approved The government has approved Liverpool #39;s plan to build a new stadium next to its current Anfield home. The decision means Liverpool can start building the 60,000-seat project next spring.
IDC Raises '04 PC Outlook, Trims Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Market research firm IDC has raised\its 2004 forecast for global personal computer sales growth to\14.2 percent from 13.5 percent, driven by high commercial\demand, it said on Monday.
IBM, HP Chasing Tag Technology (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Technology giants IBM and Hewlett-Packard are injecting hundreds of millions of dollars into radio-frequency identification technology, which aims to advance the tracking of items from ho-hum bar codes to smart tags packed with data.
New EarthLink Mac software fights phishing scams (MacCentral) MacCentral - Internet Service Provider (ISP) EarthLink on Monday launched TotalAccess 2005 for Macintosh, a new version of the access software EarthLink offers its subscribers. It works with EarthLink's broadband and dialup services and is available for download now. ...
Long-Necked Sea Monster Snuck Up on Victims (Reuters) Reuters - A long-necked sea reptile that lived\millions of years ago in what is now China may have used its\stiff neck to sneak up on unsuspecting prey and suck them in,\scientists said on Friday.
Citigroup #39;s Krawcheck to Get No. 2 Post Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) appointed Sallie Krawcheck as its No. 2 executive on Monday in a surprise management shuffle designed to cultivate 
Branson reaches for the stars Sir Richard Branson announces that he has signed an agreement to develop the world #39;s first privately funded space travel. Photograph: Fiona Hanson/PA.
Freescale Wins 200 Mln Euro Siemens Supply Deal Freescale Semiconductor Inc. has won a long-term contract worth more than 200 million euros (\$246 million) to supply car components to Siemens, the companies said on Monday.
Hotmail Hopes To Block Spam with New Fee or Web-based distributed authoring and versioning -- allows Hotmail users to write scripts that use e-mail clients, such as Outlook, to address and send many e-mails quickly.
Silva could miss group stage of Champions League due to bad back Arsenal midfielder Gilberto Silva could miss the entire group stage of the Champions League plus a handful of Premier League games due to an ailing back.
Entertainment part of Paralympics closing ceremony canceled &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Athens 2004 Organizing Committee (ATHOC) has decided to cancel the planned entertainment part of the closing ceremony due a traffic accident which killed at least seven people early Monday morning.
Davies appointed Preston manager Former Motherwell manager Billy Davies was appointed Preston #39;s full-time boss Monday after taking over the club last month on an interim basis.
Palestinians bury slain Hamas member Thousands of Palestinians, many shouting for revenge, buried a Hamas leader who was killed in a car bomb assassination blamed on Israel, while Israel on Monday threatened strikes 
World Squabbles Over UN Security Council Seats THE United Nations #39; quest to reform the Security Council has turned into a public brawl between aspiring powers seeking a permanent seat at the top table and a larger number of jealous neighbours seeking to keep them out.
IBM, HP Chasing Tag Technology The tech giants are injecting hundreds of millions of dollars into RFID technology, which aims to advance the tracking of items from ho-hum bar codes to smart tags packed with data.   &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Sterling loses ground against euro (AFP) AFP - Sterling slipped against the euro in the wake of further evidence that the housing market boom is coming to an end, suggesting that interest rates are close to their peak.
Musharraf "very happy" about killing of top Al-Qaeda militant (AFP) AFP - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf welcomed the death of a top Al-Qaeda militant, Amjad Farooqi, said to have masterminded attempts on his life and to have been behind the murder of US reporter Daniel Pearl.
IDC Raises '04 PC Outlook, Trims Forecast  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Market research firm IDC has raised  its 2004 forecast for global personal computer sales growth to  14.2 percent from 13.5 percent, driven by high commercial  demand, it said on Monday.
Daschle Faces Tough Test in Tight South Dakota Race (Reuters) Reuters - South Dakota truck driver Mark\Monahan says he's had enough of Tom Daschle. So do top\Republicans who have made the U.S. Senate's No. 1 Democrat a\bull's-eye target for removal from the national scene.
Court: Ohio Should Have Held Election (AP) AP - A federal appeals court ruled Monday that Gov. Bob Taft should have ordered a special election to fill the vacancy created when James A. Traficant Jr. was kicked out of Congress for a bribery and racketeering conviction.
Arab State May Have Helped in Syria Killing -Hamas  AL-YARMOUK CAMP, Syria (Reuters) - The militant Palestinian  group Hamas said on Monday an Arab country might have helped  Israel assassinate one of its leaders in Damascus, an act it  called "treason."
Syria, at UN, Says Israel Behind U.S. War on Iraq  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Syria on Monday accused Israel  of inciting the United States to invade Iraq to distract  attention from its own actions in the region, where it retains  its grip on the Palestinian territories won in a 1967 war.
IDC Raises 2004 PC Outlook, Trims 2005 Forecast  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Market research firm IDC has raised  its 2004 forecast for global personal computer sales growth to  14.2 percent from 13.5 percent, driven by high commercial  demand, it said on Monday.
Fassie CD to boost Mandela fund A greatest hits album by late South African singer Brenda Fassie will help Nelson Mandela's Aids project.
Hints About Water Loss in the Martian Atmosphere European Space Agency -- Recent results from the ASPERA-3 instrument on board Mars Express confirm that a very efficient process is at work in the Martian atmosphere which could explain the loss of water.     Water is believed to have once been abundant on the Red Planet...
The Tragedy of Sudan Fifty thousand are dead, thousands more will die, and more than 1 million have lost their homes. Simon Robinson visits Darfur and witnesses what is happening while the world dithers
Adobe offers standard for raw photo formats The company is also offering a free tool to convert photos stored in other formats to the new Digital Negative specification.
Saluting the data encryption legacy Security technologist Bruce Schneier explains that while cryptography is one of the most basic tools of computer security, it barely existed as an academic discipline 30 years ago.
Russia gets budget version of Windows com September 27, 2004, 5:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Lions get a reality check Detroit head coach Steve Mariucci knew that they had an uphill climb on tap against Philadelphia on Sunday. It would have taken a perfect effort to beat the red hot Eagles at Ford Field.
Happy 350th, Taj Mahal AGRA, INDIA - India on Monday began celebrating the 350th anniversary of the Taj Mahal, the world-famous example of Indo-Islamic architecture visited by millions of tourists every year.
Accident at building site at Dubai airport kills at least eight Arabic television says a wall at a construction site in Dubai airport in the United Arab Emirates has collapsed, killing at least eight workers.
Country on high birdflu alert following new case The Public Health Ministry yesterday confirmed the second case of human bird flu in a new wave of the deadly disease and announced it was putting all parts of the country on high alert for the epidemic.
Cisco switch products target small business Company aggressively addresses smaller businesses with products that reduce the cost and complexity of operating a Cisco network.
Hamm Admits He Will Be Shocked if He Loses Gold  LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic all-round champion Paul Hamm  admitted he would be stunned if he lost the gold medal he was  awarded in Athens following a judging error.
IronPort updates e-mail security appliances E-mail security systems vendor IronPort Systems Inc. is releasing new versions of its C-Series line of Email Security Appliances, with features that make it easier for administrators to predict new virus outbreaks and manage e-mail security across corporate networks, the company said Monday.
Merck gets rights to obesity drug Merck has obtained rights to license an experimental drug to treat obesity that has generated scientific interest because it is based on a hormone used by the body to signal that it has eaten enough.
YUKOS should be sold for \$15bn, official says RBC, 27.09.2004, Moscow 15:49:32.YUKOS #39;s assets should be sold for about \$15bn, Ivan Materov, Deputy Minister for Industry and Energy of the Russian Federation, said at an economic conference  quot;Russia: investments in the economy of growth quot;.
JP Morgan Chase buys stake in hedge fund New York #39;s JP Morgan Chase is buying a majority stake in Highbridge Capital Management, a hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
Vodafone to hand back more cash VODAFONE chief executive Arun Sarin today promised to return more cash to shareholders in the form of bigger dividends or share buybacks.
Czech rider Hurikova wins first gold medal at cycling worlds BARDOLINO, Italy (CP) - Tereza Hurikova of the Czech Republic won the junior time trial to take home the first gold medal and rainbow jersey of the world road cycling championships Monday.
Atlanta Braves Team Report - September 27 (Sports Network) - The NL East champion Atlanta Braves aim for their fourth straight victory as they start a three-game series versus the New York Mets tonight at Turner Field.
Govt Confident UN Seat Won #39;t Spark Diplomatic Row Government has dismissed speculation that declaring its readiness to serve as a Permanent Member of the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) could spark a diplomatic row with certain African countries.
Oil Near \$50 on Supply Fears in Nigeria  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to new record highs on  Monday near \$50 for U.S. crude as Nigeria emerged as the latest  focus for worries about supply security on world energy  markets.
Harrah's, Caesars to Sell Four Casinos  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Harrah's Entertainment Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HET.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HET.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Caesars Entertainment Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CZR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CZR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said they have  agreed to sell four casinos for \$1.24 billion to privately held  Colony Capital in a deal expected to ease anti-trust concerns  for Harrah's planned takeover of Caesars.
Oil Prices Drive Concerns for Airlines  LONDON (Reuters) - European airlines hoping for a 2005  industry recovery face new hurdles as record high oil prices  threaten to drive up costs and fuel surcharges for passengers,  officials said.
Oil firms in talks to end Nigerian jobs protest Multinational companies began talks Monday with Nigerian villagers occupying three oil platforms in a dispute over jobs which shut 90,000 barrels per day of oil production.
Will Hedge Funds Take a Dive? Investors are pouring billions of dollars into these unregulated investments, shooting for high returns. Here's what to watch out for
Vijay Sings Yet Another Victory Tune For the eighth time this year, Vijay Singh stepped up to the winners podium to accept the hardware following another PGA Tour victory.
Hamm Defends Gold Medal in Court Olympic gymnastics champion Paul Hamm has appeared before the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Lausanne in a bid to retain the gold medal he won in the mens all-round competition in Athens.
IDC raises estimate for PC sales Researcher IDC has raised its estimate for the number of PCs that will be sold in 2004, saying it now expects sales of 176.5 million units, the company said Monday.
Walgreen: Prescription for Success Walgreen (NYSE: WAG), a company that has built a business largely on prescription drugs, reported its 30th consecutive year of record sales and earnings today.
Comcast in deal to cut Time Warner stake Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. have signed an agreement that gives Comcast the option to cut its stake in Time Warner Cable, paving the way for the two companies to disentangle their partnership.
Commercial Joyrides into Space Sept. 27 - British billionaire Sir richard Branson announced today (Monday) his latest venture will be out of this world. Branson is launching  quot;Virgin Galactic quot;, which will build 5 space craft capable flying more than 80 miles above the earth.
Virgin Group to launch US online music service LOS ANGELES : Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group said it was jumping into online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; for US customers offering song downloads for 99 cents.
A eureka moment at the CRTC There #39;s no better cure for insomnia than slapping on computer headphones and listening to a CRTC hearing via Webcast. The jargon is mind-numbing and a new layer of glaze coats the eyes with each acronym spoken 
Canas wins on opening day of Shanghai Open Third-seeded Guillermo Canas defeated Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain 7-6 (1), 6-3 Monday on the first day of the Shanghai Open on Monday.
Hamm Admits He Will Be Shocked if He Loses Gold Olympic all-round champion Paul Hamm admitted he would be stunned if he lost the gold medal he was awarded in Athens following a judging error.
Penn State #39;s Robinson doubtful for game Penn State junior quarterback-wide receiver Michael Robinson is listed as doubtful for this week #39;s game against No. 19 Minnesota after suffering a concussion in Saturday #39;s game at Wisconsin.
Sources: Palestinian militant killed in Israeli airstrike An Israeli aircraft attacked a car near Khan Yunis, Gaza, on Monday, killing a Palestinian militant and wounding four others, Palestinian security sources said.
Iranian Diplomat Freed in Iraq, Hopes Raised for Others An Iranian diplomat taken hostage in Iraq last month was released by his captors on Monday but the fate of at least 11 other foreigners, including a Briton threatened with beheading, remained unclear.
Israeli air strike kills two militants in Nablus Two Palestinian militants were killed on Monday as Israeli Apache helicopters hit their car, Palestinian witnesses and medical sources said.
Incentives Likely to Boost U.S. Car Sales (Reuters) Reuters - A month-end sales blitz of incentives\by General Motors Corp.  and Ford Motor Co.  to\clear out older vehicles will spur a slight rise in U.S. car\and truck sales for September, analysts said.
Walgreen: Prescription for Success The leading drugstore retailer is leveraging prescription sales to produce record results.
Microsoft Gives In -- Almost The company said it will comply with the EU's antitrust decision if it loses an appeal this week. Also: New AT   #038;T Wireless Services device works for e-mail and messaging, minus voice service   hellip;. Comcast will cut its interest in Time Warner Cable   hellip;. and more.
Ingram Micro Expands Asia Pacific Presence Ingram Micro Inc. today announced during a conference call that it has entered into an agreement that will increase its reach in the Asia Pacific region.
Yukos Unit Evaluated for Sale to Pay Bill MOSCOW Sept. 27, 2004 - Assets of Russia #39;s beleaguered Yukos oil company should be sold for at least \$15 billion, a senior official said Monday, as the company #39;s main production unit is evaluated for sale against a crushing back-tax bill.
Richard Branson Plans Space Tourism Company Summary - (Sep 27, 2004) Entrepreneur Richard Branson announced today that his company, Virgin Galactic, will be taking Scaled Composite #39;s SpaceShipOne to the next logical step, and offer flights to the public.
HP To Stop Selling Itanium-Based Workstations HP says it is still committed to the Itanium processor, but it has decided to stop equipping workstations with the chip, due to demand for processors that run in both 32- and 64-bit environments.
Security firms merge to form Cybertrust A new managed security behemoth has been created by the merger of three security vendors. Betrusted Holdings, TruSecure Corporation and Ubizen (a subsidiary of Betrusted) will amalgamate and form a new company, known as Cybertrust.
Intel cans Grantsdale WLAN plan The chip giant will now not ship the promised add-in module which would allow PCs based on its i915 and i925 families of chipsets to operate as WLAN access points, primarily to enable the sharing of broadband internet connections.
Dodgers Leave the Bay with NLW Lead In a game that mirrored the 115-year history of the bitter rivalry, the Dodgers outlasted the Giants 7-4 to win a rare September series in San Francisco.
Poor roads, looters keep Haiti victims from aid Getting aid to those who need it remain a big problem in storm-ravaged Haiti, where up to 1,500 were killed in flooding and 300,000 people were left homeless.
After six-month grind, three races left to be decided in season #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN FRANCISCO -- Peter Magowan knows all of the schedules by heart -- when everybody plays, who they play, where they play. He knows the standings, too, obviously.
February check on 2012 bid Inspectors will assess London #39;s bid for the 2012 Olympics during a visit to the capital early in 2005. The International Olympic Committee said its evaluation commission will be in London from 16 to 19 February.
France to Punish Police for Bungled Drug Exercise France #39;s police minister vowed on Monday to punish officers who planted explosives in an unwitting plane passenger #39;s luggage to test their sniffer dogs but then lost the  quot;bomb, quot; which remains missing after a three-day hunt 
Pointlessly, Imperfectly Portable (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Portable Media Center -- a new, Microsoft-conceived handheld device that presents video and photos as well as music -- would be a decent idea if there weren't such a thing as lampposts. Or street signs. Or trees. Or other cars.
Airbus' Magic In-flight Cell Phone Technology May Be Make-Believe (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Airbus makes it possible to make in-flight cell phone calls. Is it a real technology advancement, or does it work like my anti-lion powder?
IBM Ordered to Pay Some of Compuware Costs (AP) AP - A federal magistrate has ordered IBM Corp. to reimburse software maker Compuware Corp. for costs relating to evidence that IBM produced only three months before Compuware's lawsuit was scheduled to go to trial.
Huge Asteroid to Fly Past Earth Wednesday (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The largest asteroid ever known to pass near Earth is making a close celestial brush with the planet this week in an event that professional and backyard astronomers are watching closely.
No Major Engine Changes for SpaceShipOne, Builder Says (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The rocket\engine behind the privately built, piloted spacecraft SpaceShipOne will carry\more propellant and burn longer during a Wednesday space shot, but has not\undergone any serious modifications since its historic June flight, according\to its developer.
Tokyo showcases gaming goodies Tokyo has played host to an exhibition showcasing the latest attractions for gamers.
2004 Hurricane Season May Be Costliest on Record The arrival of Jeanne, the fourth powerful hurricane to slam into Florida in two months, makes it likely that 2004 will be the costliest hurricane season in U.S. history.
Solar Car Racing Competition Heats Up Pick your vehicle #151;stock car, motorcycle, pickup truck, riding lawn mower #151;and competitors in the United States race them. So, too, the solar-powered car.
Why Does Earth's Magnetic Field Flip? Earth's magnetic field has flipped many times over the last billion years. But only recently have scientists developed computer models to reveal how these reversals occur.
Asteroid Close Encounter Coming Wednesday Tumbling through space like a fumbled football, a peanut-shaped asteroid named 4179 Toutatis is expected to pass within a million miles (1.6 million kilometers) of Earth on Wednesday.
Plants Perform "Green Clean" of Toxic Sites Many plants can naturally clean chemically contaminated soil and groundwater. Researchers are now helping them do a quicker, better job of rehabbing polluted sites.
Iraqi Judge Drops Case Against Leading Exile Figure A senior Iraqi judge said today that he had closed a case brought against Ahmad Chalabi, the former exile once backed by the Pentagon.
Air Canada announces deal to buy at least 30 Bombardier regional &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Air Canada, due to emerge from bankruptcy-court protection this week, announced a revised deal with aircraft maker Bombardier on Monday that includes fewer firm orders.
Virgin to offer commercial space flights; expands into online &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON, September 27 (newratings.com) - Virgin Group Limited, owned by the British billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson, is planning to launch the world #39;s first passenger flight service to space in 2007, with seat prices starting at about \$198,600.
HP Spurns Intel Add a chapter to the sad tale of Intel #39;s (Nasdaq: INTC) sorry 2004. Today, longtime partner HP (NYSE: HPQ) admitted it would be dropping the beleaguered, 64-bit Itanium chip from its workstation lineup.
Cisco Goes For the Small-Business Market New IP switches and routers that can be used to build converged voice, video, and data networks are aimed at business with limited IT resources.
Simpsons swallowed whole by DVD of the future A new technology capable of storing the equivalent of 100 DVDs on a single DVD-sized disc has been unveiled by researchers from London #39;s Imperial College.
IBM puts faith in smart tags IBM plans to announce that it will invest \$US250 million (\$350million) over five years and employ 1000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks and radio identification tags.
Gone in 30 seconds: your money Your credit card information is coming under more frequent attack on the Internet than ever before. A study by Symantec Corp. says electronic commerce has become the favourite target of computer hackers.
HP to spend \$210m enhancing its radio sensors Hewlett-Packard said it will invest \$US150 million (\$210million) over five years in radio frequency identification (RFID) technologies, to appeal to large corporate customers such as retailers Wal-Mart Stores and Best Buy.
Perens Hits Out at Sun over OpenOffice Perens said the legal arrangement between Sun and Microsoft was  quot;creepy. quot; The agreement, he added,  quot;essentially says that Sun will not stand together with the open source developers who contributed 
Singh takes aim at greatest modern-day season Maybe the long overseas flight will take something out of him. Perhaps the bland food will leave him feeling less than his best. There #39;s always the chance that a leprechaun could emerge from the Irish woods to distract him.
Palestinian gunmen kidnap CNN producer GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Palestinian gunmen abducted a CNN producer in Gaza City on Monday, the network said. The network said Riyadh Ali was taken away at gunpoint from a CNN van.
Johansson ousts Lopez in Bangkok Bangkok, Thailand (Sports Network) - Former Australian Open champion Thomas Johansson of Sweden upended sixth-seeded Spaniard Feliciano Lopez in Monday #39;s opening-round action at the \$550,000 Thailand Open.
Koukalova among opening-round winners in China Guangzhou, China (Sports Network) - Eighth-seeded Klara Koukalova was one of three first-round winners Monday at the inaugural Guangzhou International Women #39;s Open tennis tournament.
Weingartner, Washington fall in Seoul Seoul, Korea (Sports Network) - Third-seeded German Marlene Weingartner and fourth-seeded American Mashona Washington were a pair of opening-round upset victims Monday at the inaugural Korea Open Tennis Championships.
Bucs #39; RB Garner out for rest of year The Tampa Bay Buccaneers confirmed Monday that running back Charlie Garner will miss the rest of the season with a torn patellar tendon in his right knee.
Pakistani Militant Farooqi had Links With Top Al-Qaeda Leaders Amjad Farooqi, a Pakistani militant killed by the country #39;s security forces yesterday, had links with top al-Qaeda leaders who instructed him to target westerners and top Pakistani leaders, a Pakistani minister said.
Birthday surprise has Indian leader smiling New Delhi - A meeting with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf brought an unexpected birthday present for Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Mass. AG Praises EU On Microsoft (CBS/AP) The attorney general for the only holdout state in the US antitrust case against Microsoft Corp. is praising dramatic sanctions imposed this week by European regulators against the world #39;s largest software company.
Harrah #39;s, Caesars to sell four casinos CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- The soon-to-be-merged Harrah #39;s Entertainment and Caesars Entertainment announced their first asset disposals Monday, inking a deal to sell four casinos to Colony Capital for a total of \$1.
Congress plans hearings on Fannie Mae accounting, lawmaker says Fannie Mae, the largest US mortgage finance company, will be the subject of an Oct. 6 hearing by the House Financial Services Committee over its accounting and management, said Representative Richard Baker, a Louisiana Republican.
Defective Hearing Implants Recalled An unspecified number of cochlear implants to help people with severe hearing loss are being recalled because they may malfunction due to ear moisture, the US Food and Drug Administration announced.
Contact stake a bargain at \$1.6b Australian energy company Origin bought its 51 per cent stake in Contact Energy at a discount of nearly \$200 million, says an independent valuation released yesterday.
Adobe proposes new file standard for digital cameras It could turn out to be a revolutionary step in the field of digital photography - if everyone adopts it, anyway. Adobe Systems plans to introduce a new format for digital photos.
Mashburn out for the entire 2004-05 NBA season Former All-Star forward Jamal Mashburn will miss the entire 2004-05 NBA season because of a knee injury that could end his career.
Angels ponder life without Guillen ANAHEIM ---- Angels management was so disturbed by Jose Guillen #39;s backlash at manager Mike Scioscia after Guillen was removed for a pinch runner Saturday that the team is willing to chase a playoff berth without its slugging left fielder.
CDs to Dominate for Years Over Net Downloads-Study (Reuters) Reuters - The compact disc has at least another\five years as the most popular music format before online\downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on\Tuesday.
Slovak Telecom to gain control of Eurotel (FT.com) FT.com - Slovak Telecom, the fixed-line operator controlled by Deutsche Telekom of Germany, has agreed to buy out AT amp;T Wireless and Verizon from its mobile arm Eurotel for an undisclosed price.
CDs to Dominate for Years Over Net Downloads-Study  LONDON (Reuters) - The compact disc has at least another  five years as the most popular music format before online  downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on  Tuesday.
IMF Cuts World '05 Growth Forecast-Source (Reuters) Reuters - The International Monetary Fund has cut\its forecast for global growth next year slightly amid\expectations that the U.S. and Chinese economies will not\expand as strongly as previously thought.
Fast Forward Live Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to discuss recent reviews, including Portable Media Centers and Apple's iMac G5. He'll also answer your personal tech questions.
Tommy Hilfiger Down 26 Pct on U.S. Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. \fell as much as 26 percent on Monday after a federal grand jury\subpoenaed documents on commissions paid to a foreign\subsidiary of the clothing maker.
Soon \$200,000 Will Get You a Trip to Space British entrepreneur and adventurer Richard Branson, owner of the Virgin Group, announced Monday he has signed a deal with US company Mojave Aerospace Ventures (MAV) to put paying travelers into space.
Mashburn reportedly to miss next season The New Orleans Hornets #39; Jamal Mashburn will sit out all of next season on the injured list to ready himself for a final comeback attempt in 2005-06, NBA sources told ESPN.
Clijsters set to return Kim Clijsters returns from injury in front of her home fans this week at the Gaz de France Stars event in Belgium. The former world number one has been out of action for five months with a wrist injury.
Conan O'Brien to Replace Jay Leno in 2009 NBC will announce today that Conan O'Brien will succeed Jay Leno as host of the Tonight'' show at the end of Mr. Leno's current five-year contract, in 2009.
Sun offers help in academic networking The new program includes grants and classes to help research and academic institutions manage their network systems.
Briefly: Avici extends AT T contract roundup Plus: IronPort spam shield gets steelier...Via brings PCI Express to AMD PCs...Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic.
IDC raises estimate for PC sales Growth in commercial PC shipments in the second quarter was the highest in that segment since 1999, the researcher says.
E-mail firm baits hackers with security challenge Avecho offers \$18,000 prize to anyone who can sneak a virus past its GlassWall product.
Can Skype remain more than free phone hype? The first-year growth rate for the Net phone start-up was "sky high." Now it has to avoid a sophomore jinx.
AOL wants developers to get the message The push is on to get Instant Messenger software on more and more mobile phones.
Who Will Be The First Virgin Bride on Virgin Galactic #39;s First &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Today, adventurous British entrepreneur Richard Branson formally announced that his Virgin transport, entertainment and communications company plans to launch commercial sub-orbital space flights by 2007.
Avici extends AT T contract The extension of the partnership comes as Avici continues to struggle to win new customers.
Singh Wins 84 Classic, Breaks Woods #39; Record FARMINGTON, Pa. -- Vijay Singh held off Stewart Cink #39;s fast finish to win the 84 Lumber Classic by one shot Sunday and break Tiger Woods #39; one-year PGA Tour money record.
Mississippi State #39;s Conner out with knee injury Starkville, MS (Sports Network) - Mississippi State quarterback Omarr Conner is expected to miss at least three weeks after spraining a ligament in his right knee during Saturday #39;s 51-0 drubbing to LSU.
Thailand confirms woman has bird flu, second case in latest &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A woman was confirmed Monday to be suffering from avian flu, the second known human victim of the disease in Thailand since July, but officials said there is no evidence it was the result of human-to-human transmission.
Ivory keys in mainframe apps to Web services GT Software next week will formally unveil its platform for outfitting mainframe applications with Web services functionality and linking legacy data into SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
Rebirth for the x86 Your basic everyday x86 server doesn't look so average anymore. In fact, with 64-bit extensions on the table and multi-core processors in the works, this venerable PC server is looking downright jazzy.
IDC Forum: Is IT creativity dead? Pouring fuel on the debate over whether IT provides a competitive advantage to corporations, a pair of prominent industry observers Monday offered starkly different views of the role computer technology can play in transforming business strategy.
New Palm System Targets Smart Phones (AP) AP - PalmSource Inc. has finally answered the smart-phone call.
Virgin Group to launch US online music service (AFP) AFP - Richard Branson's Virgin Group said it was jumping into the increasingly crowded market for online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; offering US customers song downloads for 99 cents.
Russia Introduces Terror Resolution (AP) AP - Russia introduced a draft resolution Monday calling for a new list of suspects who would be subject to extradition in a stepped-up global campaign against terrorism. China welcomed it but Pakistan and other Security Council members eyed the proposal with caution.
Palestinian Gunmen Kidnap CNN Producer (AP) AP - Palestinian gunmen abducted a CNN producer in Gaza City on Monday, the network said.
Trial Ordered in Fla. E-Ballot Lawsuit (AP) AP - A federal appeals court on Monday revived a lawsuit seeking a paper trail for Florida's new touchscreen voting machines with only five weeks left before the presidential election.
Campaigns Leave Red State Arizona Behind (AP) AP - The presidential campaign has left Arizona behind. Democratic Sen. John Kerry made four visits and spent nearly  #36;4 million on television commercials in an attempt to make the state competitive. But polls this fall show President Bush with a comfortable lead, and Kerry has tabled plans for advertising in the first week of October.
Congress Probing U.N. Oil-For Food Program (AP) AP - Congressional investigators examining "a semitrailer truck load" of subpoenaed documents are trying to determine whether lax monitoring at a French bank that held more than  #36;60 billion for the U.N. oil-for-food program facilitated illicit business deals by the former Iraqi government, officials told The Associated Press.
China, Singapore Say World Must Help Calm Taiwan Row  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China and Singapore on Monday  urged the international community to help calm Beijing's  dispute with Taiwan over its push for independence.
N. Korea Sees 'Snowballing' War Danger, Slams U.S.  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea said Monday the  danger of war on the Korean peninsula is "snowballing" and  accused the United States of destroying the basis for  negotiations on Pyongyang's nuclear program.
ElBaradei Confirmed Seeking Third Term at IAEA  VIENNA (Reuters) - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog,  Mohamed ElBaradei, is seeking a third term at the helm of the  International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), a note circulated to  the agency's governing board on Monday confirmed.
The Fight of His Life Kofi Annan built a reputation as the world #39;s most trusted diplomat, but the oil-for-food scandal has riled US critics. Is his job in jeopardy?
Pakistanis Arrest More Militant Suspects KARACHI, Pakistan - Pakistani forces following up on a raid that killed a top al-Qaida fugitive arrested four more suspected extremists Monday, while the U.S. Embassy warned that security constraints could keep its staff from helping citizens who get into trouble outside big cities...
Palestinian Gunmen Kidnap CNN Producer GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Palestinian gunmen abducted a CNN producer in Gaza City on Monday, the network said.    The network said Riyadh Ali was taken away at gunpoint from a CNN van...
NY Crude Oil Rises to Record \$49.74 on Nigerian Supply Threat Crude oil rose to a record \$49.74 a barrel in New York amid concern rebel attacks in Nigeria will reduce production and US refiners will struggle to replenish supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
IBM ordered to pay some of Compuware costs A federal magistrate has ordered IBM Corp. to reimburse software maker Compuware Corp. for costs relating to evidence that IBM produced only three months before Compuware #39;s lawsuit was scheduled to go to trial.
AT amp;T Wireless Goes With Ogo AT amp;T Wireless #39; messaging device and service was unveiled, targeting teens and young adults who are heavy users of instant messaging (IM).
Hurricane Keeps Singh From Ireland Trip (AP) AP - Vijay Singh withdrew Monday from the American Express Championship, wanting to stay home with his family in Florida and cope with the damage left by Hurricane Jeanne.
Allen licenses commercial space flight technology Paul Allen #39;s backing of commercial space flight received a boost Monday, as a startup called Virgin Galactic plans to build an aircraft based on the technology used by SpaceShipOne, the Allen-backed plane that flew into space in June.
Virgin digital goes live Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Digital went live today offering some 1,000,000 tracks - This being 250,000 more than iTunes. In March Branson said he will be adding digital music to his Virgin brand at the time 
HP Deals to Aid RFID Push Into Retail, Manufacturing Hewlett-Packard Co., one of the  quot;initial eight quot; product distributors in the Wal-Mart RFID trials, will unveil on Monday pacts with systems integrator BearingPoint Inc.
Shortages May Force Space Station Evacuation The station #39;s primary oxygen generator has barely worked this month despite repair efforts by the two astronauts on board. The men have had to tap into backup oxygen supplies.
CORRECTED-CNN producer seized in Gaza In GAZA story headlined  quot;CNN producer seized by armed men in Gaza quot;, please read name in paragraph 3 as ... Ben Wedeman ... instead of ... Ben Wedemen ... and make conform throughout). By Nidal al-Mughrabi. GAZA 
Hornet #39;s goal: Comeback attempt in 2005-06 The New Orleans Hornets are moving to the Western Conference without Jamal Mashburn ... for at least one season. Mashburn and the Hornets will announce later Monday that the former All-Star will 
Jamal Mashburn Out for Entire NBA Season (AP) AP - Former All-Star forward Jamal Mashburn will miss the entire 2004-05 NBA season because of a knee injury that could end his career.
Workers #39; safety queried in Dubai The deaths of five labourers at the construction site of the new airport terminal in Dubai will renew questions about conditions in which migrant workers toil in the United Arab Emirates.
Talks with Musharraf very good: PM Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has described his talks with Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf as  quot;very good quot;. He said the two had agreed to carry forward the composite dialogue process which  quot;augurs well quot; for the bilateral relations.
Johansson Advances at Thailand Open (AP) AP - Thomas Johansson of Sweden overcame his frustrations with a linesman to beat sixth-seeded Feliciano Lopez of Spain 6-1, 2-6, 7-6 (5) in the first round Monday at the Thailand Open.
Can Skype live up to the Net phone hype? The first-year growth rate for the no-cost phone service was "sky high." Now it has to avoid a sophomore jinx.
MLB, Angelos Talk MLB officials and Orioles owner Peter Angelos are set to continue negotiations that would bring the Expos to Washington in 2005.
IMF Cuts World '05 Growth Forecast-Source  LONDON (Reuters) - The International Monetary Fund has cut  its forecast for global growth next year slightly amid  expectations that the U.S. and Chinese economies will not  expand as strongly as previously thought.
JPMorgan to Buy Stake in Highbridge Fund  NEW YORK (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt; plans  to buy a majority stake in the hedge fund Highbridge Capital  Management, the companies said on Monday, a sign that Wall  Street is seeking a bigger role in the rapidly growing  hedge-fund industry.
Comcast Says in Talks to Buy Adelphia  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  it is in talks with Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; to explore a  possible deal to acquire bankrupt cable company Adelphia  Communications Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;
Cemex buying UK #39;s RMC Group Mexico #39;s Cemex, one of the world #39;s largest makers of concrete will pay \$4.1 billion for British rival RMC Group, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
Time Warner, Comcast in Talks on Adelphia Deal Comcast Corp. on Monday said it is in talks with Time Warner Inc. to explore a possible deal to acquire bankrupt cable company Adelphia Communications Corp..  quot;Comcast is in discussions 
Airline Stocks Sink on Gloomy Outlook The airline sector, clouded by US Airways Group Inc. #39;s recent bankruptcy and Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s impending financial shortfall, sank deeper in Monday trading as low-cost carriers took a hit from lowered analyst ratings.
Federal court orders trial in Florida e-ballot lawsuit A federal appeals court on Monday overturned a judge who had thrown out a lawsuit seeking a paper trail for that state #39;s new touchscreen voting machines.
HP Bolsters RFID Offerings With Partners The vendor is teaming with OATSystems and BearingPoint to launch new RFID systems and services. By Elena Malykhina. Hewlett-Packard is teaming up with OATSystems Inc.
=== Mashburn to sit out 2004-05 campaign === New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - New Orleans Hornets forward Jamal Mashburn will sit out the 2004-05 season due to a patella femoral irritation of his right knee.
Officials: Snohomish County preferred site for NASCAR track Snohomish County and state officials announced Monday that International Speedway Corp. has chosen a 850-acre site about 30 miles north of Seattle as the preferred site for a NASCAR racetrack.
Seven Palestinians killed in Mideast unrest as Israel warns Syria GAZA CITY, Sept 27 (AFP) - Seven Palestinians were killed in a series of violent incidents across the occupied territories Monday as Israel warned Syria to stop harbouring  quot;terrorists quot; after the slaying of a Hamas leader in Damascus.
Haitian Hearts braves Jeanne #39;s wrath Tropical Storm Jeanne was just the last straw for the Caribbean island nation of Haiti. are eating dirt and mud due to an iron deficiency ... quot; said Dr. John Carrol of Haitian Hearts.
US ambassador rejects allegation of involvement in Afghan election US ambassador to Afghanistan ZalmayKhalilzad on Monday rejected the reported allegations of interfering in the ongoing presidential election process in the post-war nation.
Origami peace gesture met with violence in Thailand A creative peace offering has been met with renewed violence in the troubled south of Thailand. Hours after 50 Thai army planes dropped some 100 million Japanese-style origami cranes over the predominantly 
Microsoft: Ready To Comply With EU Order If Appeal Fails Even as Microsoft appeals a finding that it broke antitrust rules, the company says it has spent millions to make a stripped-down version of Windows.
Federated Hurt by Hurricane Jeanne Federated Departments Stores Inc. said Monday that Hurricane Jeanne will hurt third-quarter earnings by 1 cent to 2 cents per share, further lowering an outlook already cut because of lost sales from Hurricane Frances.
Merck Partnering With Nastech On Nasal Spray Obesity Drug Whitehouse Station-based Merck is joining with a company that last year began small-scale testing of a nasal spray drug designed to make the stomach feel full faster.
Colony Capital to buy 4 Harrah #39;s, Caesars casinos An affiliate of Colony Capital LLC will buy Harrah #39;s casinos in East Chicago, Ill., and Tunica, Miss., and Caesars-owned Bally #39;s casino in Tunica and the Atlantic City Hilton in New Jersey for \$1.
Sender ID working group disbanded The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has wound up its working group on Sender ID, the proposed spam-cutting standard. The purpose of Sender ID technology is to help verify the source of emails by authenticating domain addresses as valid.
FSU quarterback Rix to miss at least two weeks Tallahassee, FL (Sports Network) - Florida State quarterback Chris Rix will miss at least two weeks with a sprained right ankle. Rix suffered the injury during the first quarter of last Saturday #39;s 41-22 victory against Clemson.
Cubs seek to stay atop wild-card race The Chicago Cubs can afford few mistakes in their quest for a playoff spot over the seasons final week. Chicago will look to remain atop the NL wild-card race when it opens a four-game series against the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field.
Several Killed in Dubai Airport Collapse A wall has collapsed at Dubai #39;s airport construction site, killing at least five workers and injuring many more. Workers said they saw up to 40 casualties being taken away on Monday, but the toll could not be confirmed.
Dell, AOL Team Up in Schools Initiative (AP) AP - Dell Inc. and America Online Inc. announced a partnership Monday to provide 5,000 low-income students with free refurbished personal computers and a year's worth of Internet access.
Wind and Nuclear Power -- a Generation Gap? (Reuters) Reuters - In this north German town\a huge crane is helping to build the world's largest wind power\plant, a prototype for offshore wind farms from 2006.
Fannie Mae to Meet Higher Capital Goal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Embattled mortgage finance company  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to keep billions of dollars more cash  on hand while it corrects accounting problems, its government  regulator said on Monday.
Stocks Fall on Oil, Chip Downgrade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Monday, with the Dow  slipping briefly below 10,000 as a further rise in oil prices  clouded the corporate profit outlook, and a brokerage downgrade  hurt semiconductor shares.
IDC Raises '04 PC Growth View, Trims '05  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shipments of personal computers  this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted  by the strongest demand from businesses in five years, research  firm IDC said on Monday.
TW, Comcast in Talks on Adelphia Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  it is in talks with Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; to explore a  possible deal to acquire bankrupt cable company Adelphia  Communications Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;.
Iranian MPs vote for Turkish veto Iran's hardline parliament approves a law giving it the right to block two huge foreign investment contracts awarded to Turkish companies.
Mars Orbiter Sees Rover Tracks Among Thousands of New Images Jet Propulsion Lab -- NASA's Mars Global Surveyor, starting its third mission extension this week after seven years of orbiting Mars, is using an innovative technique to capture pictures even sharper than most of the more than 170,000 it has already produced.     One dramatic example from the spacecraft's Mars Orbiter Camera shows wheel tracks of NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit and the rover itself...
SEC's Spotlight on Morningstar The mutual fund information provider receives a Wells Notice over incorrect data.
Googling Myself to Sleep How some companies neglect simple marketing rules in Search Engine Optimization.
Oracle looks beyond big-ticket contracts The small-business push is aimed squarely at Microsoft, executives for the database giant acknowledge.\
Endangered NHL season to hit ice via video games Cable channel G4techTV promises to make the 2004-2005 season happen one way or another by staging reproductions of key games.
PalmSource to unveil smart phone OS An operating system for smart phones might make up for a rough quarter and Microsoft nipping at its heels.
Martha is now inmate #55170-054 NEW YORK (CNNfn) - The Bureau of Prisons has assigned Martha Stewart an inmate register number, 55170-054, and its inmate locator Web site says Stewart is  quot;in transit.
IDC: Commercial PC Demand Grows An increase in commercial PC demand growth has caused market research firm IDC to revise its forecast for 2004 PC shipments, the firm announced today.
Air Canada to Buy 30 Bombardier Jets Air Canada has agreed to buy 30 Canadair Regional Jets from Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) in a contract valued at \$821 million, the companies said on Monday, but the order falls 15 jets short of an earlier plan.
Asteroid Toutatis Makes Closest Pass in 651 Years An asteroid named for a Celtic god of war will come as close to Earth this week as it has since 1353. The space rock known as Toutatis will come on Wednesday within 960,000 miles of 
MSN Ends Hotmail #39;s Free Outlook Access Citing a rise in spam abuse, Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN division has ended free access to its Hotmail Web-based e-mail service through the Outlook and Outlook Express clients.
Grossman done for the season; Bears turn to the mighty Quinn Lake Forest, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears quarterback Rex Grossman will miss the remainder of the season after an MRI exam revealed a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee.
Bovina rolls; Clijsters ready to return in native Belgium Hasselt, Belgium (Sports Network) - Third-seeded Russian Elena Bovina was an easy opening-round winner Monday at the inaugural Gaz de France Stars tennis event, where Belgian star Kim Clijsters will see her first action since early May this week.
Iraq hostages hopes rise after diplomat freed An Iranian diplomat taken hostage in Iraq last month has been released by his captors but the fate of at least 11 other foreigners, including Briton Kenneth Bigley threatened with beheading, remains unclear.
US Envoy Denies Using Influence in Afghan Elections The United States ambassador to Afghanistan denies allegations he is meddling in the country #39;s first direct presidential election, to be held on October 9. US ambassador to Kabul, Zalmay Khalilzad, says that 
Azzam release to improve Egypt-Israel ties Egypt #39;s release of accused Israeli spy Azzam Azzam in an apparent swap for six Egyptian students held on suspicion of terrorism is expected to melt the ice and perhaps result 
CNN Producer Seized by Armed Men in Gaza  GAZA (Reuters) - Armed Palestinians kidnapped an Israeli  Arab producer for the CNN television network from a car in Gaza  City on Monday after asking for him by name.
Fannie Mae Will Keep More Cash on Hand  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Embattled mortgage finance company  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to keep billions of dollars more cash  on hand while it corrects accounting problems, its government  regulator said on Monday.
Time Warner, Comcast in Talks on Adelphia  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; and Time  Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said they are in talks on a  possible joint offer to acquire bankrupt cable company Adelphia  Communications Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;.
WorldCom, Microsoft cases before EU court Two of the European Union #39;s landmark antitrust decisions against US companies are in court this week as WorldCom Inc. seeks a moral victory and Microsoft Corp.
Conan to Take Over 'Tonight' in Five Years NEW YORK - NBC announced Monday that Conan O'Brien will take over from Jay Leno as host of the "Tonight" show. But he'll have time to write his jokes - the planned succession won't happen until 2009...
Bush Ridicules Kerry, Calls Him Indecisive SPRINGFIELD, Ohio - President Bush on Monday labeled rival Sen. John Kerry a political opportunist whose ever-changing positions undercut the Democrat's aspirations to be the nation's leader...
Bears QB Grossman to miss rest of season with torn ACL Chicago Bears quarterback Rex Grossman will miss the rest of the season after rupturing a ligament in his right knee. Grossman was injured in Sunday #39;s 27-22 loss to Minnesota when he scored on a 6-yard scramble at the 2-minute warning.
Stocks Slide As Oil Nears \$50 a Barrel NEW YORK - Oil prices reached a new high and sent stocks lower Monday, but with trading on Wall Street light and losses only moderate, investors seemed to be coming to terms with near-\$50 per barrel crude.    After setting a new all-time record settlement price of \$48.88 on Friday, oil continued its march higher on Monday, renewing fears on Wall Street that the slowdown in profits and the economic recovery would extend through the end of the year due to high energy costs...
Pakistanis Arrest More Militant Suspects Pakistani forces following up on a raid that killed a top al-Qaida fugitive arrested four more suspected extremists Monday, while the US Embassy warned that security constraints 
Palestinians kidnap Israeli, a CNN producer, in Gaza City By israelinsider staff September 27, 2004. An Israeli Druze citizen employed by CNN was kidnapped in Gaza City on Monday evening, by five armed Palestinians.
Russia Introduces Terror Resolution UNITED NATIONS - Russia introduced a draft resolution Monday calling for a new list of suspects who would be subject to extradition in a stepped-up global campaign against terrorism. China welcomed it but Pakistan and other Security Council members eyed the proposal with caution...
Pakistani president says killing of Al-Qaeda militant is a blow &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Pakistani President, Pervez Musharraf, says the killing of an al-Qaeda militant by security forces is a major blow against terrorism.
Two US Soldiers Killed in Iraq, One by Enemy Fire (Update1) Two US 1st Infantry Division soldiers were killed in separate incidents today near Balad, Iraq, the US military said, and three Iraqi soldiers were killed by a suicide bomber near the insurgent-held city of Fallujah.
Oil hits NY closing record at 49.64 dollars NEW YORK, Sept 27 (AFP) - Oil futures jumped to their highest closing on record Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, rising 76 cents to 49.
Time Warner, Comcast in Talks on Adelphia Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and Time Warner Inc. (TWX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said they are in talks on a possible joint offer to 
Federated to take 3Q hit from hurricanes Depressed sales at Federated Department Store Inc. stores in Florida will cause third-quarter results to come in lower than expected, the company announced today.
Next to digital IDs, passwords look lame How big is your key ring? There are the house keys, of course, and the car keys and the little fob for unlocking the doors from 30 feet away.
Commercial space travel to take flight? Sir Richard Branson hopes his new company will be the first to send adventuresome tourists into space. Branson, founder of airlines, entertainment and telecom holding company Virgin Group, announced Monday 
New Virgin Digital Music Club offers subscription service Amaze your friends as CD-quality music comes out of your little plastic computer speakers! Then, pay us - monthly - even if you dont listen to anything, and even if you would rather listen to it on your portable music player.
HP Cuts Itanium-Based Workstations Hewlett-Packard will stop selling workstations equipped with Intel #39;s 64-bit Itanium processors. HP said its workstation customers want chips that are more compatible with 32-bit software, like Intel #39;s Xeon and the AMD Opteron.
Asteroid makes close pass An asteroid named after a Celtic god of war will this week make its closest journey past Earth for 651 years. The space rock known as Toutatis will come within 960,000 miles (about 1.5 million km) of Earth on Wednesday.
Apple posts details on 15-inch PowerBook G4 Display Repair &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Apple has finally formally addressed a well known display problem with the 15-inch PowerBook. The 15-inch PowerBook G4 Display Repair Extension Program offers replacement 
Canas advances in Shanghai, Ferrero out SHANGHAI (Ticker) - Third seed Guillermo Canas of Argentina became the first seeded player to reach the second round of the Heineken Open Shanghai.
Cancellation of telecast rights  Constitution Bench to hear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE three-judge Bench of the Supreme Court, headed by Mr Justice N. Santosh Hegde, today referred the petition filed by Zee Telefilms challenging the cancellation of the telecast rights and re-opening the bidding process by the Board of Control for 
Bears quarterback Grossman undergoes MRI for knee September 27, 2004 - Chicago quarterback Rex Grossman injured his right knee late in the fourth quarter of the Bears #39; 27-22 loss to Minnesota on Sunday.
Clijsters sets for comeback Former world number one Kim Clijsters will make her long-awaited return to action after a five-month injury absence at this week #39;s Gaz de France Stars in Belgium, China Radio International reported on Monday.
Schilling tops Yankees, 11-4 BOSTON - The Red Sox ended their home season in typical fashion with another brilliant performance by Curt Schilling and another benches-clearing confrontation with the Yankees.
Oil just shy of \$US50 THE cost of oil soared to a record \$US49.64 a barrel today as unrest in Nigeria and Saudi Arabia alarmed traders. Oil futures jumped to their highest closing price on record on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Leggett  amp; Platt, Briggs in Supply Pact Leggett  amp; Platt Inc. said Monday that it will supply lawnmower-engine maker Briggs  amp; Stratton Corp. with aluminum die castings for an assembly plant in Auburn, Ala.
Apple extends PowerBook screen repair program Apple Computer is offering free replacement screens to owners of 15-inch PowerBook models whose machines have a flaw that causes the screen to display white spots.
CNN worker kidnapped in Gaza City Armed men have seized an Israeli Arab producer working for the CNN television network from a car in Gaza City after asking for him by name.
Ingram Micro buys leading Asia-Pacific IT distributor In a move the company says significantly strengthens its position in the growing Asia Pacific region, distributor Ingram Micro Inc.
UPDATE: US Investigating Tommy Hilfiger On Commissions NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Tommy Hilfiger Corp. (TOM) said a federal grand jury is investigating whether its US subsidiary has been inappropriately shifting 
Stewart becomes federal inmate No. 55170-054 NEW YORK - Martha Stewart still does not know where she will do her time for lying about a stock sale, but she #39;s already been designated federal inmate No.
Kraft gets South Beach diet #39;s seal of approval Kraft, the largest US food company, on Monday will reveal details of a high-stakes marketing gamble to tie many of its lines with the popular South Beach diet.
Virgin Group to enter online music market. Richard Branson #39;s Virgin group said today that it would be entering the market of online music, a move which will put Virgin against other music services such as Apple iTunes, MSN Music and many other pay-per-song music services.
AT amp;T unveis the Ogo, a dedicate messaging device Ogo is the first wireless messaging device to provide instant messaging (IM) and e-mail from all three leading providers - AOL, MSN, and Yahoo!
Cisco helps SMBs build app-ready networks Cisco Systems Inc. continued its push into the small and medium-sized business market today with the announcement of new modular switches geared toward SMBs.
Gannon has broken vertebrae in his neck Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck that will sideline him at least six weeks. Gannon had an MRI exam Monday morning and was taken for further tests.
Browns lose LB Ben Taylor for season Berea, OH (Sports Network) - Cleveland Browns linebacker Ben Taylor will miss the remainder of the season because of a torn tendon in his chest.
Roma, Madrid battle problems LONDON -- Nobody has more problems at the start of the Champions League season than Real Madrid - unless it #39;s Italian side AS Roma.
CNN Producer Seized by Armed Men in Gaza Armed Palestinians seized an Israeli Arab producer for the CNN television network from a car in Gaza City on Monday after asking for him by name.
Paralympics ceremony dropped after deaths ATHENS, Greece -- The festive segment of the Paralympic closing ceremony was canceled Monday after seven teenagers were killed in a bus accident on the way to the games.
Fed Downplays Fears of High Consumer Debt (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumers are in good financial\shape, a top Fed official said on Monday, dismissing fears that\high levels of household debt are unsustainable.
Where Are They Now? Remember some of the biggest winners from 1999? Yeah, Bill Mann forgot about a lot of them too.
Hilfiger's Tax Flap A federal grand jury probes into the commission rates Tommy Hilfiger U.S.A. paid to a non-U.S. subsidiary.
Tata Motors lists on NYSE NEW YORK: Tata Sons chairman Ratan N Tata will ring the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) here on Monday to mark the listing of group company Tata Motors on the world #39;s largest bourse.
Cisco offerings target small firms Cisco this week will release products it says will help small companies deal with the complexities of LAN switch security, convergence and network management.
Anti-Spam Effort Killed Amid Patent Row NEW YORK - A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
Canas struggles, Ferrero out A DETERMINED Guillermo Canas held off a strong early charge from Spain #39;s Guillermo Garcia-Lopez to win his first round clash at the Shanghai ATP event 7-6 6-1 today.
ESPN, Zee Offer Ad Revenue To BCCI NEW DELHI: The telecast rights case for cricket to be played in India from October 2004 to 2008 has taken a turn, with varied offers coming from Zee, ESPN-Star and Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).
Birthday bumps for Taj Mahal: Spike in pollution on Day 1 Amid all the hype surrounding its 350th anniversary, the Taj Mahal opened to higher than usual pollution on Monday. On a day that ministers at Agra Fort and Delhi promised to take the best care of the world 
Iranian Diplomat Freed By Iraqi Captors 27 September 2004 -- An Iranian diplomat was freed by his captors in Iraq today after spending more than a month as a hostage. Iran #39;s Foreign Ministry confirmed that Faridoun Jahani, the Iranian consul in 
Tata Motors #39; Kadle Says NYSE Listing Will Help Raise Capital Tata Motors Ltd. #39;s new listing on the New York Stock Exchange will help India #39;s biggest maker of trucks and buses add investors, raise capital for acquisitions and improve its corporate 
Adobe tries to unify digital camera market with new file standard Adobe has announced ambitious plans to unify the digital camera market by creating a single file format that all digital cameras can record in.
Anti-Spam Effort Killed Amid Patent Row (AP) AP - A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
Swiss Cast Votes Online in Referendum (AP) AP - Swiss authorities hailed as a success a test of Internet voting in a national referendum, even as computer security experts remain skeptical that any online balloting could ever be secure using current technologies.
Xcel Energy to Sell Broadband Unit, Take Charge (Reuters) Reuters - Xcel Energy Inc.  plans to sell\its broadband communications unit in a bid to focus solely on\its core utility operations, the U.S. power producer said on\Monday.
Microsoft Reinvents Itself as EU Holds Firm (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) says it will obey any directives issued by the European Union \over the modification of Windows. European regulators have ordered the \world's biggest software maker to offer a version of its operating \system without its media player.
EC Set To Rule on PeopleSoft Acquisition (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - It looks as though the European Commission is getting ready to permit \Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) US #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid of PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT). The ruling, which has been \widely anticipated after a similar consideration in the United States also \paved the way for Oracle's takeover, is expected to be handed down before the \end of October.
Unfortunate Canadian Whale Speared by Cruise Ship (Reuters) Reuters - It wasn't until the U.S. cruise ship had\pulled into port in Atlantic Canada that those on board made a\gruesome discovery -- the body of a large whale was impaled on\the vessel's bow.
NASA Genesis Space Sample Shipped to Calif. Lab (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists in California on Friday\began examining for the first time samples of solar wind\particles collected by the spacecraft Genesis, which crashed\earlier this month in the Utah desert when its parachutes\failed to open on landing.
A Computer In Every Classroom Schools are spending a fortune on technology in the hopes of gaining relevance with Generation I.  Bad news--they've already lost.
Is SunnComm a sham or the next, big DRM success? &lt;strong&gt;Feature&lt;/strong&gt; From hell to hell and maybe heaven
Aid Workers Struggle to Feed Flooded Haitian Town (Reuters) Reuters - More than a week after floods\devastated this impoverished Haitian city, aid workers were\struggling to bring food and clean water to thousands of\residents, some still perched on roofs.
Bush Mocks Kerry for 'Changing Positions' on Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Monday\mocked his Democratic rival John Kerry for shifting his\positions on Iraq so many times he could "debate himself" in\this week's face-off between the two candidates.
Nader Dispute Lands at Supreme Court (AP) AP - Ralph Nader's last-ditch bid to win a spot on Oregon's presidential ballot has taken him to a place frequented by many candidates over the years  #151; the Supreme Court.
Lebanon al-Qaeda suspect dies A suspected al-Qaeda leader arrested in Lebanon last week has died of a heart attack, officials say.
Briefly: HD-DVD group forms promotion unit roundup Plus: Avici extends AT #38;T contract...IronPort spam shield gets steelier...Via brings PCI Express to AMD PCs...Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic.
Nanotechnology aims to cure smelly feet Your secret shame is over. A start-up in Pennsylvania says it can cure foot-odor problems with nanosocks.
HD-DVD group forms promotion unit Group to push development of HD DVD hardware and content, plus try to drive commercial adoption.
Apple to replace 'spotty' PowerBook screens Company offers free replacement screens to owners of 15-inch models that display white spots.
Raiders' Gannon Has Broken Neck Vertebra (AP) AP - Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebra in his neck that will sideline him at least six weeks.
PalmSource to unveil smart-phone software Operating system might help make up for a rough quarter and Microsoft nipping at the company's heels.
Favre Injures His Non-Throwing Shoulder (AP) AP - No stranger to injuries, Brett Favre can add another ailment to his list: a bum left shoulder to go with a bruised left hamstring.
Americans to take on Spaniards in Davis Cup finale in December Let #39;s start by dispensing praise to both the US and Spanish Davis Cup teams that will play for the chalice the first week of December.
Ooijer Ruled Out Until November PSV Eindhoven defender Andr Ooijer is expected to miss upwards of a month due to an injury suffered during their weekend romp over Heerenveen.
Eagles FB Jon Ritchie Out for Season (AP) AP - Philadelphia Eagles fullback Jon Ritchie will miss the rest of the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee in Sunday's 30-13 victory over the Detroit Lions.
Accident at Dubai Airport Kills 8 A crane smashed into a wall during construction of an unfinished terminal at Dubai #39;s airport Monday, and witnesses reported at least eight workers were killed.
US Jets Pound Militant Positions in Iraq Two car bombs killed seven Iraqi national guardsmen and a rocket barrage hit a police academy Monday as insurgents kept up their offensive to subdue Iraq #39;s beleaguered security forces.
Clijsters to Return in Gaz De France (AP) AP - Virginia Ruano Pascual of Spain rallied past ninth-seeded Jelena Kostanic of Croatia 3-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4 Monday at the Gaz de France Stars, where Kim Clijsters will make her comeback this week from a five-month injury layoff.
Gannon Sidelined with Fractured Vertebrae  ALAMEDA, Calif. (Sports Network) - Oakland Raiders  quarterback Rich Gannon is expected to be sidelined for at  least six weeks after sustaining fractured vertebrae in his  neck.
Ex-Detroit Draft Pick Killed for Mobile Phone  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A young Spartak Moscow player has died  in hospital from injuries after being attacked on his way home,  the Russian ice hockey club said Monday.
Sun unveils mock Wal-Mart distribution center Sun, an early leader in support of RFID, announced today the creation of a retail compliance test center that will simulate a Wal-Mart distribution center in order to evaluate RFID tag compliance for vendors.
Intel drops plans for Wi-Fi access point in Grantsdale Intel Corp. no longer plans to turn its latest batch of chipsets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from PC vendors and the proliferation of standalone access points, a company spokesman said Friday.
New Palm Operating System Targets Smart Phones By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- PalmSource Inc...
Stocks Fall on Oil, Dow Ends Below 10,000  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks declined on Monday, as record  crude oil prices triggered fresh worry that energy costs will  erode corporate profits and consumer demand.
HP Spurns Intel Plus, the \$600 billion cash cow, Kraft's diet pitch, and Samsung sets nano benchmark.
Lexar's for Pros; Investors Get Hose The flash memory maker does fine in camera, but doesn't deliver for investors.
Stocks Fall on Oil, Dow Ends Below 10,000 Stocks declined on Monday, as record crude oil prices triggered fresh worry that energy costs will erode corporate profits and consumer demand.
Virgin Boss Plans Private Space Flights LONDON - The founder of Virgin Atlantic Airlines is spreading his wings. No longer content with conquering the skies, Richard Branson has set his sights higher-- much higher.
Swiss cast votes online in referendum Swiss authorities hailed as a success a test of Internet voting in a national referendum, even as computer security experts remain skeptical that any online balloting could ever be secure using current technologies.
Sexton Gets The Start For UNC For at least their next two games, Florida State will have a new face under center. Head coach Bobby Bowden announced Monday morning that redshirt sophomore Wyatt Sexton would start in place of fifth-year 
McCown benched; Cardinals offense continues to struggle Arizona Cardinals head coach Dennis Green said last week that his team #39;s offensive system was the best in the league. Apparently the rest of the league never received the memo.
Talks with Musharraf  quot;very good quot;: PM NEW DELHI: It was a grand homecoming for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as he touched the Indira Gandhi International Airport here tonight after culminating his  #39;voyage of discovery #39;, as he described his nine-day tour of Britain and US.
Jordan: Italian hostages  #39;alive #39; Jordan #39;s King Abdullah said in an interview published on Monday he believed two Italian women kidnapped in Iraq three weeks ago were still alive and Jordan was trying to obtain their freedom.
Jordan #39;s king leaves for France and Italy Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II left here Monday on a two-day working visit to France and Italy, Jordanian TV reported. The king will hold talks with French President Jacques Chirac 
Update 3: Comcast, Time Warner Consider Joint Bid Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. said they are exploring a potential joint bid for Adelphia Communications Corp., the troubled cable company that put itself on the block as part of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding.
Devon sets 2 for 1 stock split, to buyback shares Devon Energy Corp. (DVN.A: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it set a two-for-one stock split and would buy back up to 10 percent of its shares, as the company #39;s cash levels 
UPDATE 4-Nastech in obesity treatment pact with Merck Shares of Nastech Pharmaceutical Co. Inc. (NSTK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) soared 70 percent on Monday after the company said it had formed an alliance with Merck  amp; Co.
IDC says commercial demand boosts PC outlook Consistent gains in commercial personal computer demand will boost shipments of PCs to176.5 million units in 2004 on growth of 14.
Harrah #39;s, Caesars to Sell Four Casinos Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc. (HET.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Caesars Entertainment Inc. (CZR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said they have agreed to sell four casinos for 
Update 4: Walgreen Earnings Rise 18 Percent in 4Q Walgreen Co. increased its fourth-quarter profits by 18 percent despite slower growth in prescription drug sales industrywide, taking market share from competitors as it gains ground on the biggest US retailers.
Branson teams up with SpaceShipOne British airline tycoon Richard Branson said Monday he has cut a deal with a US rocket ship company to take paying passengers into space.
Virgin Music launches music store A bricks and mortar music store is transforming into a clicks and mortar presence, as the Virgin Group is launching a music store in the US.
HP Dumps 64-bit Interests HP (Quote, Chart) is doing a lot of explaining after it revealed this weekend that it will no longer put Itanium processors in its high-performance workstations.
IronPort updates e-mail security appliance SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - E-mail security systems vendor IronPort Systems Inc. is releasing new versions of its C-Series line of e-mail security appliances, with features that make it easier 
Intel drops plans to make Grantsdale chip a Wi-Fi access point SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Intel Corp. no longer plans to turn its latest batch of chip sets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from PC vendors and the proliferation of stand-alone access points.
Lexar launches new media card readers Lexar Media today at Photokina (Hall 1.2, B-058) introduced two new Professional CompactFlash Readers designed for nearly instantaneous data transfer as well enhanced version of its multicard readers.
Charlton climb to seventh with 1-0 win over Blackburn A 49th-minute header by Moroccan defender Talal El Karkouri gave Charlton Athletic a 1-0 home win over Blackburn Rovers on Monday that lifted the London club to seventh in the Premier League.
Syracuse football player stabbed during fight Syracuse starting cornerback Tanard Jackson was released from the hospital Monday after being stabbed in the chest during a fight outside the campus student center.
Snohomish County gets nod for NASCAR track An 850-acre tract of farmland in Snohomish County near Marysville is the preferred site for a new \$140 million, 75,000-seat NASCAR track, county and city officials said Monday.
Eagles lose Ritchie for the season Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles fullback Jon Ritchie was placed on injured reserve Monday and will miss the remainder of the season after suffering a torn ACL during Sunday #39;s game versus Detroit.
Bengals LB Webster out for season Bengals middle linebacker Nate Webster will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury. Webster had surgery Monday to repair the patella tendon in his right knee, torn during the closing minutes of a 23-9 loss to the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday.
Former aide implicates Fastow in Merrill barge deal Reuters reported Monday that a former aide to Enron Corp. ex-Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fastow has implicated his former boss in pushing a bogus deal with Merrill Lynch that boosted Enron #39;s books.
King knows McCown is in tight spot ATLANTA - Shaun King has been in Josh McCown #39;s situation as a struggling young quarterback trying to find his way in the NFL. He replaced McCown in the fourth quarter Sunday, but he wasn #39;t about to fuel a 
MORE INJURY WOE FOR EAGLES The team learned on Monday that full-back Jon Ritchie will miss the rest of the season with a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
Update 2: Top Citigroup Executives Swap Jobs In a move Citigroup Inc. said was aimed at broadening the experience of up-and-coming executives, two of its top managers are swapping jobs.
ISRAEL KILLS HAMAS LEADER IN SYRIA Izzedin Subhi Sheik Khalil, 42, was killed in a bomb that destroyed his car in Damascus on Sunday. This was the first time a Hamas leader was assassinated in the Syrian capital.
Gunmen kill former Philippine rebel leader Suspected communist rebels have shot dead the leader of a breakaway guerrilla group that entered into a peace agreement with the Philippine government, police say.
Unrest forces oil prices higher Oil futures have jumped to their highest closing on record on the New York Mercantile Exchange, rising 76 US cents to \$US49.64 dollars a barrel, as unrest in Nigeria and Saudi Arabia alarmed traders.
Update 1: Airline Stocks Sink on Gloomy Outlook The airline sector, clouded by US Airways Group Inc. #39;s recent bankruptcy and Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s impending financial shortfall, sank deeper in Monday trading as low-cost carriers took a hit from lowered analyst ratings and rising oil prices.
Cisco Extends Catalyst to SMBs SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Cisco Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq:CSCO - News) announced today the availability of a suite of new Cisco Catalyst switching products and services specifically designed and priced for small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs).
Sports: Gannon out at least six weeks ALAMEDA, Calif. Oakland Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck and he #39;ll be on the sidelines at least six weeks.
'Miraculous' Christ Washes Up in Texas Rio Grande (Reuters) Reuters - A fiberglass statue of Christ\that washed up on a sandbar in the Rio Grande three weeks ago\is attracting scores of devout pilgrims to a police department\lost-and-found and being hailed as a miracle.
Angels' Eckstein Strengthened by Family (AP) AP - David Eckstein proved he could play in the majors despite being smaller than many batboys. He fought through injuries. He learned to hang tight on the plate with a 95 mph fastball coming at him.
Rich Gannon out at least six weeks The Oakland Raiders reported Monday that quarterback Rich Gannon will be sidelined at least six weeks with a neck injury. Gannon broke vertebrae in his neck when he collided helmet 
McNair Hospitalized With Bruised Sternum (AP) AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair will stay in the hospital Monday night with a bruised sternum and will be listed as questionable on the NFL injury report.
Mashburn to Sit Out 2004-05 Campaign (Reuters) Reuters - New Orleans Hornets forward\Jamal Mashburn will sit out the 2004-05 season due to a patella\femoral irritation of his right knee.
Attanasio Apparently Close to Brewers Buy (AP) AP - Los Angeles investor Mark L. Attanasio appears to be close to an agreement to buy the Milwaukee Brewers from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.
Florida State's Sexton to Start at QB Against North Carolina Wyatt Sexton will make his first start at quarterback for FSU, replacing injured Chris Rix for Saturday's game against North Carolina.
Nigerian Oil Delta Rebels Say 'War' to Start Oct 1  LAGOS (Reuters) - The Nigerian rebel group fighting  government troops in the oil-rich Niger delta said on Monday it  will launch "all-out war on the Nigerian state" from Oct. 1 and  advised all oil companies to shut production by then.
Spector indicted for murder Pop producer Phil Spector is indicted on a charge that he murdered an actress at his home 19 months ago.
Bill Overhauling Intelligence Faces Uncertain Fate in Senate The Senate opened a floor debate today and moved toward a final vote on a bill endorsed by 9/11 commission leaders.
NYMEX Oil Rises on Nigerian Rebel Threat (Reuters) Reuters - NYMEX crude oil futures jumped 36\cents in electronic trading on Monday evening to the\psychological  #36;50 a barrel level, the highest in the 21 years\oil futures have traded on the exchange, as Nigerian rebels\decided an "all-out" war against the government starting Oct.\1.
Stocks Fall on Oil, Dow Ends Below 10,000 (Reuters) Reuters - The blue-chip Dow Jones average closed\below 10,000 for the first time in about six weeks on Monday as\a spike in oil prices to nearly  #36;50 a barrel renewed concerns\about corporate profits while analysts cutting recommendations\hurt tech stocks.
U.S. Jets Pound Militant Positions in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two car bombs killed seven Iraqi national guardsmen and a rocket barrage hit a police academy Monday as insurgents kept up their offensive to subdue Iraq's beleaguered security forces. U.S...
U.S. Oil Hits \$50 on Nigeria Supply Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices reached a record \$50 a  barrel on Monday as Nigeria emerged as the latest focus for  worries about supply in an already tight worldwide energy  market.
Stocks Fall on Oil, Dow Ends Below 10,000  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow Jones average closed  below 10,000 for the first time in about six weeks on Monday as  a spike in oil prices to nearly \$50 a barrel renewed concerns  about corporate profits while analysts cutting recommendations  hurt tech stocks.
Stocks Slip on Oil, Dow Falls Below 10,000 NEW YORK - Oil prices reached a new high and sent stocks lower Monday, pushing the Dow Jones industrials back below 10,000. But with trading on Wall Street light and losses only moderate, investors seemed to be coming to terms with near-\$50 per barrel crude...
DA Won't Prosecute Bishop Accused of Rape SPRINGFIELD, Mass. - A district attorney said Monday that he would not prosecute Roman Catholic Bishop Thomas Dupre on child rape charges because the statute of limitations has expired in the case...
Cingular Wireless plans to sell interactive unit Fund manager Cerberus Capital Management to buy the Mobitex network, used to support a quarter of the world's BlackBerry users.
Toshiba presses Play on 60GB audio player Up to 15,000 audio files can be stored on the company's upcoming hard drive-based player.
Q A: Grid Alliance president on winning enterprise converts The Enterprise Grid Alliance, whose mission is to push the adoption of grid computing, is working on standards and specifications to make it easier to deploy vendor products in a grid environment, according to EGA President Donald Deutsch.
IDC Forum: Is IT creativity dead? Speaking at the IDC-sponsored European IT Forum in Paris, controversial author Nicholas G. Carr and business consultant Don Tapscott disagreed about whether IT can spark business model changes that help companies gain strategic advantages over competitors.
IDC raises '04 PC growth view, trims '05 projection Boosted by the strongest demand from businesses since 1999, PC shipments this year will be higher than previously anticipated, research firm IDC said today.
IronPort updates e-mail security appliance IronPort Systems today unveiled new versions of its C-Series line of Email Security Appliances, offering new features to help administrators predict new virus outbreaks and manage corporate e-mail security.
Intel drops plans to make Grantsdale chip a Wi-Fi access point Intel has dropped plans to turn its latest batch of chip sets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from PC vendors and the rising number of stand-alone access points.
Northwestern Medical cites performance boost from Concord software Concord management software has helped uncover a range of problems at Northwestern medical group, which is now seeing improved system performance.
Microsoft is ready to remove media player for EU Microsoft will be ready to comply with European Commission demands for changes to its Windows operating systems if a European court does not suspend the antitrust remedy, a company spokesman said today.
Qwest adds VoIP to 10 markets Qwest Communications International has added its OneFlex VoIP services for small, medium, and enterprise businesses to 10 additional markets.
Oil prices charge toward \$50 a barrel; gasoline prices surge Oil prices charged toward \$50 a barrel Monday, and gasoline prices surged to \$1.92 a gallon last week, as petroleum output in the Gulf of Mexico returns at a slower-than-expected rate after Hurricane Ivan and geopolitical unrest keeps traders on edge.
IATA says air traffic recovery continues, so do losses The International Air Transport Association (IATA) said Monday that the air traffic has seen continued recovery but, with the industry loss for 2004 expected to be 3 to 4 billion US dollars, there is no excuse to relax.
Elephant Dung Helps Track Smuggled Ivory - Study Using elephant dung and skin samples, researchers said they were able to make a map of elephant DNA that could help track down ivory poachers.
Toshiba presses play on 60GB audio player com September 27, 2004, 2:20 PM PT. Toshiba on Monday announced in Japan that it #39;s upping the song capacity of its Gigabeat line of hard drive-based digital audio players.
49 min: El Karkouri scores the winner (Getty Images) 90 mins: And so the curtain comes down on a match of very fine margins. Not an epic by any stretch of the imagination but both teams worked extremely hard but never really showed enough craft to open the opposition defence.
WisPolitics: Brewers Reportedly Sold; Admirals Might be Close While no official announcement has been made, Mark Attanasio, a Los Angeles investor, looks to be the new owner of the Milwaukee Brewers.
Gannon has broken vertebra in his neck Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebra in his neck that will sideline him at least six weeks. Gannon had an MRI exam Monday morning and was taken for further tests.
Microsoft to Offer Cheaper, Limited Windows in Russia It's part of the company's effort to beat back Linux and piracy efforts in developing technology markets.
For 110,000, Branson offers his passengers a voyage into space within 25 seconds - to 2,500mph. For no more than five minutes they will float about, 80 miles above planet Earth. Lavatory and in-flight drinks?
Microsoft to Offer Cheaper, Limited Windows in Russia It #39;s part of the company #39;s effort to beat back Linux and piracy efforts in developing technology markets. Microsoft says it will offer a simplified and lower-priced version of Windows XP in Russia, matching 
UPDATE 1-Charlton climb to seventh with 1-0 win A 49th-minute header by Moroccan defender Talal El Karkouri gave Charlton Athletic a 1-0 home win over Blackburn Rovers on Monday that lifted the London club to seventh in the Premier League.
Gardenhire has winning touch It is 4:30 pm on Tuesday, the day after the Minnesota Twins clinched their third consecutive American League Central Division title.
U.S. Senate to Weigh Bill Targeting Web Song Swaps (Reuters) Reuters - After weeks of negotiations, the\U.S. Senate could take action this week on a bill that would\make it easier to sue "peer-to-peer" networks like Kazaa and\LimeWire that allow users to copy music and movies over the\Internet.
IDC Raises '04 PC Growth View, Trims '05 (Reuters) Reuters - Shipments of personal computers\this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted\by the strongest demand from businesses in five years, research\firm IDC said on Monday.
US Trsy  quot;glad to see quot; UK idea on poor country debt A US Treasury Department spokesman on Monday gave a positive, though muted, reception to a British proposal to ease the debt of heavily indebted poor countries, which was unveiled over the weekend.
Microsoft to Offer Cheaper, Limited Windows in Russia (PC World) PC World - It's part of the company's effort to beat back Linux and piracy efforts in developing technology markets.
U.S. Senate to Weigh Bill Targeting Web Song Swaps  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After weeks of negotiations, the  U.S. Senate could take action this week on a bill that would  make it easier to sue "peer-to-peer" networks like Kazaa and  LimeWire that allow users to copy music and movies over the  Internet.
Gasoline Price Up, Diesel Hits Record (Reuters) Reuters - Rising crude oil costs are taking a\toll on U.S. consumers, as the national price for gasoline\jumped 5.1 cents a gallon over the last week and diesel fuel\hit a record high, the government said on Monday.
Gasoline Price Up, Diesel Hits Record  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rising crude oil costs are taking a  toll on U.S. consumers, as the national price for gasoline  jumped 5.1 cents a gallon over the last week and diesel fuel  hit a record high, the government said on Monday.
Tommy Hilfiger Shares Tumble on Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOM.N&lt;/A&gt;  fell as much as 26 percent on Monday after a federal grand jury  subpoenaed documents on commissions paid to a foreign  subsidiary of the clothing maker.
Iraq Clears Debt, Opens Way for Aid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iraq cleared around \$81 million in  debt it owed the International Monetary Fund late last week,  fund sources said on Monday, opening the way for the first aid  to flow from the global lender to Iraq.
Reseller CDW upgrades abilities, ambitions Company offers higher-end equipment and new expertise for selling complicated combinations of products.
Homeland Security Still Falling Short With IT Work GAO said the department has to work on seven key practices. It #39;s progress so far is a  quot;work in progress, quot; GAO says. By Eric Chabrow.
IBM Carves New RFID Unit The Sensor and Actuator Solutions group will create services and software related to RFID systems. By Laurie Sullivan. IBM has created the Sensor and Actuator Solutions group to support devices such as those used in radio-frequency identification setups.
Rovers get another headache A FIRST goal for Charlton from Moroccan defender Tala El Karkouri saw them preserve their unbeaten Premiership home record as they beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0.
Ruano Pascual upsets Kostanic SPANIARD Virginia Ruano Pascual has fought back from a set down to upset ninth-seeded Croat Jelena Kostanic at the Gaz de France Stars WTA event in Belgium today.
LIONS MUST DO WITHOUT JONES Detroit Lions rookie running back Kevin Jones will be sidelined at least two weeks with a high right ankle sprain. Since the Lions have a bye this weekend, coach Steve Mariucci is hoping that Jones will just miss the October 10 game at Atlanta.
Palestinian gunmen abduct CNN producer GAZA, SEPTEMBER 27: Armed Palestinians kidnapped an Israeli Arab producer for CNN TV network from a car in Gaza City on Monday. There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Unrest in Saudi Arabia spotlights terrorism battle RIYADH: The  quot;terrorist quot; murder of a French citizen in Jeddah and another shoot-out on Monday between suspected Islamist militants and security forces in the Saudi capital have 
UN calls bird flu  #39;world crisis #39; Two UN agencies have warned that bird flu is set to remain a serious threat to animal and human life worldwide in the near future.
For schools, Apple offers special iMac G5, eMac With the release of the new iMac G5, some educational technology departments might want to check Apple's online education store, where they'll find an additional model available only to education institutions. Cheaper eMacs are there, too.
IBM delivers Masala IBM later this week will deliver its long-awaited DB2 Information Integrator, code-named Masala, which contains a sophisticated search engine that allows corporate users to dig out and analyze data across a wide range of IBM and non-IBM information data stores, according to sources familiar with the company's plans.
Is Organized Crime Controlling Your PC? Symantec report says Internet attacks for financial gain on the rise.
Oil price hits \$US50 a barrel Crude oil futures hit \$US50 in electronic after-hours trade in New York, setting a new record as supply worries intensified. In regular trading the November benchmark contract for light sweet crude on the 
Airline Industry Seen Losing Up to \$4 Bln in 2004 The global airline industry stands to incur losses of between \$3 billion and \$4 billion this year as surging oil prices wipe out any hope of profit created by rising passenger traffic, the International Air Transport Association said 
Palmsource reboots Cobalt, but no phones  #39;til 2005 Palm kicks off its European developer conference in Munich this week with details of a new release of its Cobalt OS. Cobalt 6.1 will feature new GSM and 802.
IronPort Adds Virus Preemption, Courts Dell Some reseller partners of security appliance vendor IronPort Systems are taking the good with the not so good. IronPort partners like Peter Kolb, director of data sales at Triple A Networks, a technology integrator 
Intel drops plans for Wi-Fi access point in Grantsdale Intel no longer plans to turn its latest batch of chipsets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from PC vendors and the proliferation of standalone access points, a company spokesman said Friday.
McNair remains hospitalized with bruised sternum Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair remained in a Nashville hospital Monday because of a bruised sternum, but tests revealed no serious injuries.
Real v Roma: Clash of the down and outs Two clubs seemingly vying to make theirs the most miserable start to a season - Real Madrid and AS Roma -ill meet on their return to Champions League duty.
Pearl murder suspect Farooqi shot dead Pakistan claims its security forces have killed a leading al-Qa #39;ida member who was a main suspect in the kidnap and murder of the journalist Daniel Pearl, and an assassination 
Yahoo Rolls Out Tests of Redesigned Start Pages (Reuters) Reuters - Online media company Yahoo Inc.\ late on Monday rolled out tests of redesigned start\pages for its popular Yahoo.com and My.Yahoo.com sites.
Virgin to Launch Commercial Space Flights (AP) AP - Airline mogul and adventurer Richard Branson announced plans Monday to boldly go where no private transport company has gone before  #151; into space.
Haiti Doctors Operate Without Electricity (AP) AP - Doctors are performing amputations without electricity or running water while waste from this city's shattered sewage system contaminates mud and floodwaters, infecting wounds that threaten to turn gangrenous.
Egypt FM to visit Israel, push for full Gaza pullout (AFP) AFP - Visiting Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit said he plans to travel next week to Israel and underscore the need for Israel's total pullout from Gaza.
US asks Laos to probe alleged massacre of Hmong children (AFP) AFP - The United States said it was taking  quot;very seriously quot; reports that the Laotian military massacred ethnic Hmong children, urging Vientiane to launch a probe on the issue.
High court asked to hear case forcing unfaithful husband to continue support (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A man who the B.C. Court of Appeal found was "carrying on behind his wife's back" and must continue spousal support payments will contest the ruling in the country's highest court because it contravenes the Divorce Act and could have national importance, his lawyer said Monday.
AdWatch: Kerry Ad Asks About Iraq Solution (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, to begin airing this week:
Iraqis wary as school year starts Six million students are expected to begin school Saturday in a key test of security.
Al Qaeda's Uzbek bodyguards As Pakistan rounds up more Al Qaeda operatives in its cities, hundreds of Uzbek fighters remain in the tribal hills.
Basque group warns of new attacks The Basque separatist group, Eta, says it will continue its violent campaign for self-determination.
Tommy Hilfiger Shares Tumble on Probe Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. (TOM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell as much as 26 percent on Monday after a federal grand jury subpoenaed documents on commissions paid to a foreign subsidiary of the clothing maker.
Milton says small Bombardier airliners put Air Canada in shape to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Air Canada #39;s new regional jets, including 50-seat Bombardier planes that start arriving next month, will put the company in better shape to compete than its rivals, CEO Robert Milton boasted Monday.
Harrah #39;s, Caesars to sell four casinos to satisfy regulators Harrah #39;s Entertainment and Caesars Entertainment Inc. have agreed to sell four hotel-casinos to an affiliate of Colony Capital LLC for about 1.2 billion dollars.
Virgin launches subscription-based music service On Monday, Virgin Group subsidiary Virgin Digital launched an online store designed to leverage the name recognition of its brick-and-mortar Virgin Megastore while competing with a subscription-based model.
Adobe Sets the Agenda NEW YORK - As the photography trade show Photokina kicks off this week in Cologne, Germany, graphics software giant Adobe continues to set the agenda in both the professional and consumer markets.
Microsoft Charges For Hotmail-Outlook Connection Microsoft on Monday announced it would start charging users to access their Hotmail accounts from the Outlook or Outlook Express e-mail clients.
Big push for radio tags that tell you what #39;s in the box IBM announced yesterday that it will invest US\$250 million (S\$425 million) over the next five years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
Hughes Pleased Despite Defeat Mark Hughes maintained Blackburns hard effort would soon earn their just rewards - after his side went down 1-0 to Charlton in tonights Barclays Premiership clash at The Valley.
Problem-hit Real and Roma in face-off LONDON - Nobody has more problems at the start of the Champions League season than Real Madrid - unless it #39;s Italian side AS Roma.
Korea Opposes Enlarging UN Security Council: Foreign Minister Ban Foreign Minister Ban Ki-moon expressed his viewpoint that he supported the augmentation of the seats of non-permanent Security Council members, and opposed increasing the numbers of permanent members, at the foreign minister talks held Friday between 
SAS launches automated forecasting tool SAS unveiled on Monday a forecasting tool, SAS High-Performance Forecasting, targeted at industries that do large volumes of forecasts.
IDC sees mixed future in worldwide PC market SAN FRANCISCO - Consumers are easing off on PC purchases as corporations ramp up their purchases, according to the latest data from market researcher IDC. Slackening consumer demand will help lower expectations for the market in the second half of 2004 and into 2005, IDC said Monday.
Cash-rich, commodity-starved mainland goes shopping overseas SINGAPORE: The mainland #39;s plan to buy Canadian mining giant Noranda for some US\$5 billion is just the beginning of an overseas acquisition march fuelled by swollen foreign exchange reserves and a need to secure natural resources.
AT amp;T Wireless Unveils Ogo Messenger Device Targeted for the teen and young-adult consumer markets, the Ogo will retail for \$99 following a \$30 mail-in rebate. Its clamshell design includes a 4K color screen and full Qwerty keypad with 
Cisco shakes up switch management Cisco Systems is shaking up its network management with the release of two new switches. Aimed at mid-sized enterprises, the switches acknowledge that there are large numbers of people who are not confident 
Ironport Release New Version Of C-Series Appliance Ironport Systems today announced the latest version of the e-mail security company #39;s C-Series E-Mail Security Appliance. The new version formalizes the release of Ironport #39;s Virus Outbreak 
El Karkouri goal secures lucky win for Charlton Talal El Karkouri #39;s first goal for Charlton ensured the club #39;s best start to the Premiership to date, though the statistic may reflect favourably on 
Bates wise to spare Britain #39;s young hopefuls in Austria At least the innocent were spared possible humiliation. Even though Britain lost to Austria 3-2 last weekend and remain in the second division of the Davis Cup, Jeremy Bates was 
Focal point: Bill Parcells vs. Joe Gibbs Nobody respects coach Joe Gibbs more than me, but this week I see the Cowboys and coach Bill Parcells having the upper hand. I #39;m sure Gibbs is going to get the Redskins back to an elite level, but this is just his first season.
All eyes turn to Old Trafford as Rooney returns Wayne Rooney, the hero of England #39;s European Championship campaign in Portugal in June, makes his long-awaited return to action, probably as a substitute in Manchester United #39;s tricky Champions 
Source: Brewers accept offer from buyer The Milwaukee Brewers have agreed to accept an offer from Los Angeles investor Mark L. Attanasio to buy the team from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.
US pounds militant positions in Iraq BAGHDAD - US jets pounded suspected militant positions in a Baghdad slum Monday as two car bombs killed seven Iraqi national guardsmen and a rocket barrage hit a police academy.
Unions firm on deadline for Iraq troop withdrawal Tony Blair was facing a damaging defeat last night over demands for the early withdrawal of British troops from Iraq after failing to buy off the votes of the four big unions at Labour #39;s annual conference.
Interview: Minister says Sudan open to idea of autonomy in Darfur Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said here on Monday that his government is open to the idea of granting some sort of autonomy to the western Darfur region where 
Israel Threatens Syria With Pre-Emptive Strike JERUSALEM, 28 September 2004 - Israel accused Syria yesterday of directing terrorism and said it could face pre-emptive strikes against militants on its territory, but stopped short of saying it killed a Hamas leader in Damascus.
Indonesia says it wants permanent Security Council seat Indonesia announced on Monday its aspiration for a permanent seat on an expanded United Nations Security Council, saying it should be given a voice on thecouncil.
Diamonds stolen at Paris show Two diamonds jointly worth together worth over 7.8 million have disappeared from an antique dealers #39; show in Paris. During the event at the famous Louvre museum, a glass case holding the jewels was forced open.
Iraq Clears Debt, Opens Way for Aid (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq cleared around  #36;81 million in\debt it owed the International Monetary Fund late last week,\fund sources said on Monday, opening the way for the first aid\to flow from the global lender to Iraq.
Citigroup Elevates Krawcheck to CFO Post  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; named Sallie  Krawcheck chief financial officer on Monday, extending her  reach across the world's largest financial services company and  bolstering her image as Wall Street's most powerful woman.
Cingular Wireless plans to sell interactive unit Cingular Wireless said Monday that it plans to sell a wireless data network that supports about a quarter of the world #39;s Blackberry users to a New York-based fund manager.
Cisco Enhances SMB Offerings Cisco Systems (Quote, Chart) has modified its Catalyst switching products to help small and medium-sized businesses deploy converged data, voice and video networks.
S #39;pore tuning in to track inventory SINGAPORE has been one of the earliest countries to make use of RFID (radio frequency identification) technology. The Electronic Road Pricing (ERP) gantries use RFID to detect the cars that pass through them.
Cingular Sells Interactive Unit, Keeps Key Customers Cingular Wireless said Monday it has agreed to sell its Cingular Interactive unit to investment banking firm Cerberus Capital Management LP, but will retain the operation #39;s e-mail customers and several key accounts.
Virgin tunes in to online music RICHARD Branson #39;s Virgin Group said today it was jumping into the market for online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; offering US customers song downloads for 99 US cents (\$1.
IBM Invests \$250M in RFID IBM announced Monday a \$250 million investment in RFID (radio frequency identification), an emerging technology that is being mandated by the likes of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Hurricane hits NASA spaceport The third hurricane to hit NASA #39;s spaceport in just over a month, blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building.
World Oil Prices Hit \$50 Barrel Crude oil prices have jumped to \$50.00 a barrel in after hours trading in New York. The psychologically significant level was reached in electronic trading after the close of the markets Monday.
Fudo is mad, Farrell is bad This looks like the *real* beginning of the end for Itanium. The workstation market is two-fold. There are those that use workstations for computing tasks (scientific, visualization, whatever) and those that 
No problem is found after bomb alert on jet LONDON A police search found no threat to a Greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in Britain after a bomb alert, officers said Monday.
New Study Challenges Online Buying Methods (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - With 75 percent of Americans online today, the Internet has come of age as a reach medium, and a new report suggests that advertisers need to understand how a Web site's audience builds over time and adjust their buys accordingly.
Intel Corp. Makes Marketing Push for Centrino Chip (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Monday\launched a global advertising campaign for its Centrino\notebook computer chips, aiming to boost sales of a brand that\has brought the world's largest chip maker more than  #36;3 billion\in revenue since its start last year.
Hotlines: Blue Man Group Returns in  #36;120 Mil. Centrino Campaign (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - NEW YORK -- Intel is reintroducing the Blue Man Group, not used since 2001, in a campaign for its Centrino mobile technology for wireless computing.
Sun-Red Hat Relationship Frays Further (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - In an interview with eWEEK.com and in his Weblog, Red Hat's Michael Tiemann lashes out at Sun as the two companies start to compete head-on.
San Francisco Plan Aims to Slash Greenhouse Gases (Reuters) Reuters - Three days after California\regulators adopted tough rules to cut car pollution, San\Francisco's mayor unveiled a plan on Monday to reduce\greenhouse gas emissions, saying cities must take action\because the Bush administration is ignoring global warming.
Intel Corp. Makes Marketing Push for Centrino Chip  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  launched a global advertising campaign for its Centrino  notebook computer chips, aiming to boost sales of a brand that  has brought the world's largest chip maker more than \$3 billion  in revenue since its start last year.
Envoy: Iraq Elections to Happen on Time (AP) AP - The top U.S. official in Baghdad said Monday that nationwide elections would be held in Iraq early next year as scheduled regardless of how large a U.N. presence the world body manages to send to oversee the vote.
Campaigns Focus on Iraq in Ads (AP) AP - President Bush claims John Kerry "doesn't even know where he stands" on the war, while the Democrat accuses Bush of having "no plan what to do" in Iraq  #151; dueling television ads setting the stage for the candidates' Thursday night debate over foreign policy.
Unease at UN Over Russian Terror Blacklist Plan  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Several U.N. Security Council  nations expressed misgivings about a draft resolution  introduced by Russia on Monday that would create a new  blacklist of terrorist suspects subject to extradition.
Toutatis: Almost Too Close for Comfort The asteroid Toutatis last flew close by Earth in 1992 and 1996, but it has not come as close to us as it will this year since 1353. On Wednesday morning, scientists and skywatchers alike will be able to witness its passage within only four Earth-moon distances.
As First Debate Nears, Rivals Seek to Bring Iraq Into Focus President Bush ridiculed Senator John Kerry today, and Mr. Kerry assailed the president's Iraq policy in a statement issued by his campaign.
DA Won't Prosecute Bishop Accused of Rape SPRINGFIELD, Mass. - A district attorney said Monday that he would not prosecute Roman Catholic Bishop Thomas Dupre on child rape charges - despite a newly unsealed indictment in the case - because the statute of limitations has expired...
Microsoft flexes more open-source muscle Microsoft releases code for FlexWiki Web collaboration program--the company's third application to go public.
Dell and AOL expand PC program for needy students "TechKnow" program doles out PCs to children who complete special class, meet standards regarding grades and attendance.
Air travel increases, but profits down The International Air Transport Association said Monday international air travel and cargo transport rose more than expected. In the first eight months of this year, passenger travel increased by nearly 19 
TechBrief: Vodafone seeks new frontiers Vodafone said Monday that it remained interested in acquisitions in France, eastern Europe, Asia and Africa as the mobile phone company detailed cost cuts that it expects will reach an annual 2.
Stripped-Down Windows Ready For Europe BRUSSELS, Belgium -- Microsoft says if a judge won #39;t suspend a European Union antitrust ruling, the company is ready to put a stripped-down version of Windows on the market.
Virgin #39;s next destination: space LONDON Richard Branson, the adventurous entrepreneur behind the Virgin Group, said Monday that he would form a commercial space travel company that would start carrying passengers by 2007.
HP dropping workstations with Intel chip Hewlett-Packard Co. will no longer sell computer workstations using the Intel Itanium chip, which the two giant tech companies worked together to design.
IBM bets on sensor unit IBM was to announce on Monday that it would invest \$250 million over the next five years and employ a thousand people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
Cisco Continues SMB Push its so-called  quot;SMB-Class extensions quot; -- to the Cisco Catalyst 4500 Series of modular switches; a new Cisco Network Assistant; and the new Catalyst 4948 fixed switches.
When Clusters Collide s collisions go, the one taking place in the vicinity of the constellation Hydra is a doozy. Out there, some 800 million light-years from Earth, two galactic clusters - one with about 1,000 
AOL Formalizes Cellular Phone IM Program AOL today announced its Mobile Developer Program designed to formalize the company #39;s three year-old push into the cellular phone instant messaging business.
Security trio merge to create one-stop giant THE merger of high-profile information security companies Betrusted, TruSecure and Ubizen signals a strategic shift in the market place.
Branson fires up space flight plan AUSTRALIAN bubbly would be available on Virgin #39;s first flights into space, British tycoon Richard Branson promised today. The Virgin airlines founder hopes five space ships, each carrying five passengers and 
HP discontinues Itanium workstation sales The long and sordid story of Intel #39;s flagship 64-bit CPU, Itanium, took another twist today, and from an unexpected source. Citing poor sales demand, Hewlett-Packard will discontinue sales and development of its own Itanium 2-based workstation line.
Bengals Struggling to Stop Opposing Backs (AP) AP - Jamal Lewis, 180 yards. Marshall Faulk, 121. Lee Suggs, 186. Curtis Martin, 196. Lewis again, this time for 186.
George Johnson on Sports: NFL, Baseball, WNBA Description: George Johnson talks about the NFL, WNBA playoffs, baseball pennant races and other sports headlines. There #39;s the music which means it #39;s time to bounce.
US are Davis Cup final underdogs, says Roddick World number two Andy Roddick says the United States will probably be the underdogs in the Davis Cup final against hosts Spain in December.
Shadow of Perry still looms over British game Britain last won the Davis Cup in 1936. You can account for the paucity of confidence in the British team last weekend when you realise their last victory predates rationing.
Top-seeded Ferrero pulls out in Shanghai Top-sseded Juan Carlos Ferrero pulled out of the Heineken Open Shanghai Monday because of wrist and knee injuries. Ferrero, the former world No.
Davis Cleared to Play MADISON, Wis. - Wisconsin senior running back Anthony Davis, who has missed the Badgers last three games due to an eye injury sustained during the teams season-opener on Sept.
GANNON SUFFERS BREAK After having his 2003 season shortened by a shoulder injury, Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon will miss at least six weeks with a broken vertebra in his neck.
Heavy Rain Washes Out Mets-Braves Game (AP) AP - The remnants of Hurricane Jeanne rained out Monday night's game between the New York Mets and the Atlanta Braves.
5 are killed as wall in Dubai falls At least five people were killed and a dozen were injured Monday after an unfinished wall collapsed during construction of a multi-billion-dollar expansion of the Dubai International Airport, airport authorities said.
GAZA STRIKE KILLS MILITANT A Palestinian militant has been killed and three other people wounded in an Israeli helicopter strike on a car in the southern Gaza Strip.
A thawing thought Islamabads assurance to New Delhi that Pakistan will not seize the Siachen glacier if Indian troops withdraw from it is welcome.
Surviving Haitians pray for 1,500 killed by Jeanne; more The general in charge of UN peacekeepers in Haiti is critical of the slow pace of aid getting to hungry and sick residents, many left homeless by flooding.
Jordan prime suspect over Hamas hit list Palestinian resistance group Hamas has said an Arab country might have helped Israel assassinate one of its members in Damascus . Although Hamas spokesman Usama Hamdan, who called 
Missouri Linebacker Suspended for Game (AP) AP - Missouri starting linebacker David Richard has been suspended from Saturday's Big 12 game against Colorado.
"The Sims 2" hits one million sales The virtual life game sold more than a million copies in its first 10 days on the market, Electronic Arts said.
Heavy Rain Washes Out Mets-Braves Game The remnants of Hurricane Jeanne rained out Monday's game between the Mets and the Atlanta Braves. It will be made up Tuesday as part of a doubleheader.
Hornets' Mashburn Out for the Season Jamal Mashburn and the New Orleans Hornets announced Monday that the former All-Star's right knee injury had shown no improvement.
No Decision on Hamm Paul Hamm fights to keep his gymnastics gold medal during a hearing before the sports world's highest court Monday but the panel adjourns without making a decision.
Source: Brewers Accept Purchase Offer The Milwaukee Brewers have agreed to accept an offer from Los Angeles investor Mark L. Attanasio to buy the team from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.
News: U.N. warns of nuclear cyber terror risks The International Atomic Energy Agency warns of the possibility of system sabotage by intruders and corrupt insiders.\
Study: Compact Disc Rocks On Digital music is ramping up, but Jupiter Research reports that the venerable CD will remain the best-selling format throughout the remainder of the decade.
Nymex crude oil prices soar to 50 dollars per barrel Nymex crude oil surged to a record of 50 dollars per barrel Monday as traders concerned that the petroleum production in the Gulf of Mexico would not return tonormal soon.
Cemex to acquire UK rival LONDON The Mexican cement company Cemex said Monday that it would buy the British concrete maker RMC Group for 2.3 billion to expand in Europe and increase its product line.
Citigroup stuns Wall Street with shake-up Sallie Krawcheck became the most powerful woman on Wall Street yesterday when she was named chief financial officer of Citigroup, the biggest bank in the world.
services will make cash flow, says Vodafone Vodafone, the world #39;s largest mobile phone company, believes it can generate an extra 2.5 billion in cash every year by reducing costs and getting customers to spend more on their phones.
Lazard seeks float for \$3bn Lazard is moving towards a flotation that could raise \$3billion and overhaul the complex structure of the powerful investment bank.
Virgin to Offer Space Flights (Even, Sort of, at Discount) Sir Richard Branson, owner of the Virgin Group, announced on Monday that he would offer travelers the chance to go to the edge of space beginning in 2007, for \$190,000 a ticket.
Virgin launches US music downloads BRITISH tycoon Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group is jumping into the market for online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; offering US customers song downloads for US99c (\$1.
Security Companies Plan Merger Computer-security companies TruSecure Corp. and Betrusted Holdings Inc. said last week they would merge to create a new company called Cybertrust that would sell a portfolio 
Geek notes BENQ #39;S new digital music player line, the Joybee 180, comes in three different designs, each with an additional cover you can swop around.
Crisis summit for clubs in turmoil In moments of crisis, it can be comforting to know that there is someone worse off. It may be a small crumb, but it is one that both Real Madrid and AS Roma cling to gratefully as they 
Wisconsin running back Davis cleared to play Running back Anthony Davis, who missed No. 20 Wisconsin #39;s last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against Illinois.
Let the Rooney Era begin at Man U LONDON, SEPTEMBER 27: Wayne Rooney might be seen in the red of anchester United for the first time on Tuesday. United manager Alex Ferguson calls him the best English player in the last 30 years, and hes 
Virgin launches new digital music service Virgin Group announced on Monday that it has launched a new online music store that will offer music downloads for the regular price of \$0.
Paleontologists Put Ancient Long-Necked Monster in Its Place iraffes evolved long necks to browse in trees high above the competition. That is as plain as the explanation the wolf in granny clothing gave Little Red Riding Hood for his big teeth:  quot;The better to eat you with, my dear.
US hails al-Qaida death, but wants more The US State Department lauded Pakistan #39;s killing of a top al-Qaida member, but said more was needed. It #39;s an important development, department deputy spokesman Adam Ereli said.
Israel warns Syria over terrorism JERUSALEM: Syria is directly involved in terrorism and will not be granted immunity by Israel, the deputy defence minister said on Monday, but stopped short of claiming formal responsibility for the killing of a Hamas leader in Damascus.
Health Highlights: Sept. 27, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    ------    Average Cost of U.S. Nursing Home is \$70K Annually: Survey      The average cost of a private room in a nursing home in the United States is \$70,080 a year, or \$192 a day, according to a survey released Monday by the MetLife Mature Market Institute...
HP sinks utility project, lays off some workers Firm to sell Utility Data Center package as separate software modules. UDC staff handed walking papers.
Oil flirts with 50 a barrel before retreating PARIS Oil prices rose to a record Monday but shied away from the \$50-a-barrel mark, as traders expressed concerns that hurricanes had hurt output in the United States while commercial supplies remained low.
Cemex to buy RMC for US\$4.15bil LONDON: Mexico #39;s Cemex, the world #39;s third-largest cement maker, has agreed to buy Britain #39;s RMC Group for around 2.3bil (US\$4.
Rio Tinto: Demand good despite high oil prices MELBOURNE: The world #39;s second-largest diversified miner, Rio Tinto Ltd Plc, said yesterday high oil prices were increasing its costs but were not dampening demand for its key commodities.
Wales put faith in height for autumn Tests The Welsh coach Mike Ruddock #39;s attempt to inspire his national side to fresh heights took on a whole new meaning yesterday when he included the tallest player in the country in a 29-man squad for the forthcoming internationals against South Africa, New 
Adobe, Kodak team on photo printing Adobe Systems is making Kodak's Ofoto the preferred online printing service in consumer versions of its Photoshop image editing applications.
'The Sims 2' hits one million sales The virtual life game sold more than a million copies in its first 10 days on the market, Electronic Arts said.
Russia next in line for cheap Windows Microsoft this week added Russia to the list of the countries that will see a budget-priced version of Windows XP, what developer dubs  quot;Starter Edition.
Hamm faces Yang for gold in high court of sports The disputed Olympic gold medal is wrapped in a pair of white socks in Paul Hamm #39;s parents #39; house in Waukesha, Wis. Whether that medal stays there is up to the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Lausanne, Switzerland 
YOUR news source for Monday, September 27, 2004 NASHVILLE -- After Chris Brown #39;s 26-yard touchdown run that finally quenched the Tennessee Titans #39; touchdown thirst Sunday afternoon, it became apparent that quarterback Steve McNair was hurt.
Bears lose Grossman for season CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Rex Grossman #39;s latest stint as starting quarterback for the Chicago Bears lasted all of three games. Grossman, 24, suffered a season-ending ruptured anterior cruciate ligament in Sunday #39;s 27-22 loss at Minnesota.
One more NBA setback -- the last? -- for unfulfilled Mashburn At 6-feet-8, 250 pounds, he came into the NBA in 1993 as the fourth pick overall by the Dallas Mavericks following his junior year, when he was a first-team All-American for Rick Pitino at Kentucky.
Israelis kill 7 Palestinians; CNN crewman abducted JERUSALEM Seven Palestinians were killed in scattered violence on Monday that included an Israeli airstrike in the Gaza Strip and an incursion by soldiers into a West Bank refugee camp.
\$20M LOUVRE DIAMOND THEFT Two diamonds worth nearly A\$20 million have been stolen in a daylight robbery from a high-end antique and jewelry dealers #39; show at a showroom below the famous Paris Louvre museum.
France advises its citizens against travelling to Saudi Arabia  quot;Given the increase in attacks since April and in the context of an elevated terrorist threat, travelers planning to go to the kingdom are advised to delay their trip for the moment except for imperative professional reasons, quot; the French Foreign Ministry 
'Warlords' Threaten Afghan Polls - Rights Group  KABUL (Reuters) - Regional and factional leaders pose as  much of a threat to Afghanistan's elections as a Taliban  insurgency, Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday.
Fannie Mae to Keep More Cash on Hand  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Embattled mortgage finance company  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to keep billions of dollars more cash  on hand while it corrects accounting problems, its government  regulator said on Monday.
Senate Debate Signals Split on Bills to Create Spy Post The bill, which would establish the post of national intelligence director, has powerful critics in both parties.
Florida Residents Line Up for Food, Water VERO BEACH, Fla. - People lined up for more than a half-mile for food and water, while others searched in vain for generators in the sweltering heat Monday as Florida residents began cleaning up all over again, demoralized by the fourth hurricane in six weeks to batter the state...
Ford Launches Its All-New 2005 Mustang DETROIT - Ford Motor Co. launched its all-new 2005 Mustang on Monday, the fifth generation of the iconic sports car the company sorely needs to help lift sluggish U.S...
IATA Says Airline Fuel Bill Up USD\$10 Billion The global airline industry stands to incur losses of between USD\$3 billion and USD\$4 billion this year as surging oil prices wipe out any hope of profit created by rising passenger traffic, the International Air Transport Association said on Monday.
New Palm System Targets Smart Phones (AP) AP - PalmSource Inc. has finally answered the smart-phone call. The maker of Palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce Tuesday its first version designed specifically for so-called smart phones.
Sports briefs for December 6, 2004 In the best-of-five Davis Cup final against Spain on the slow red clay at Olympic Stadium, Andy Roddick lost both of his matches in the United States #39; 3-2 loss at Seville, Spain.
Branson promises to send tourists into space by 2007 Seasobed Sir Richard Branson watchers could be forgiven for thinking there was nothing left on the planet to escape the red and white Virgin logo.
Virgin Enters Online Music Business Virgin Group Ltd. on Monday launched its online music store, pitting the retailer best known for its music  quot;megastores quot; with tech companies such as Apple Computer Inc.
HP to stop using Intel Itanium chips HP announced that it will discontinue the use of Intel Itanium microprocessors due to the limited demand in the market from its customers.
Jeanne Costs Money, Time at Florida Spaceport Jeanne was the third hurricane in six weeks to damage Florida #39;s Kennedy Space Center but NASA would not say on Monday whether the damage will set back plans to resume space shuttle flights next March.
Start-up banks on Java hardware boost A Silicon Valley start-up called Azul Systems plans to start selling hardware next year designed to make it faster and more efficient to run Java programs.
Mars Orbiter Camera #39;s Eagle Eye in the Sky The spacecraft Mars Global Surveyor has been in orbit at Mars for seven years and is still pulling off amazing feats of aerial imaging.
Yahoo Gives Web Site a Facelift (AP) AP - Internet powerhouse Yahoo Inc. has given its popular Web site a facelift to highlight some of the features that the company has been improving during the past year.
Players #39; union files grievance against Guillen suspension Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - One day after the Anaheim Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen without pay for the remainder of the season, the players #39; association filed a grievance to overturn the penalty on Monday.
Intel Shelves Plan to Turn Desktop Into Wi-Fi Hub (Reuters) Reuters - An ambitious plan to turn\millions of desktop computers into hubs of wireless Internet\access has been shelved after PC makers balked at the price of\the feature, Intel Corp.  said on Monday.
Pakistan deals big blow to militants Al-Qaeda man linked to plots against Musharraf and a US newsman #39;s death shot dead. Another killed in Iraq. ISLAMABAD - Two key Al-Qaeda members were killed by security forces over the weekend, inflicting a heavy blow on the terrorist network.
Analysis / Danny Rubinstein - A new departure in the conflict The abduction of Israeli journalist Riad Ali in Gaza yesterday is an extraordinary event, apparently the first of its kind in the history of the conflict in the territories.
12 Killed in Fresh Iraq Violence BAGHDAD, 28 September 2004 - Fresh Iraq violence killed 12 people yesterday as an Iranian diplomat was freed after a 55-day hostage ordeal at the hands of the same militant group which is holding two French newsmen.
Linux Could Become A Big Force In The Weather-Forecasting Field (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - The flock of hurricanes that hit Florida this season is putting more pressure on forecasters to provide fast, reliable information.
IBM, HP, Sun Micro Sensing Opportunity In RFID Sensor Field (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - The answer -- if you believe Hewlett-Packard  , IBM   and Sun Microsystems   -- is those bar codes printed on the side of just about every product sold today.
Small Earthquakes Rattle Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Small earthquakes rattled Mount St. Helens at the rate of one or two a minute Monday, and seismologists were working to determine the significance of some of the most intense seismic activity in nearly 20 years.
Students' Bus Powered by Vegetable Oil (AP) AP - It's not unusual for the students traveling cross-country aboard an old school bus to get a craving for fried chicken. Or popcorn. Or french fries. That's because their vehicle is powered by vegetable oil, and the used oil they put in their tank can carry the telltale odors of the restaurant it came from.
UK's Branson to Launch Space Tourism in 2007 (Reuters) Reuters - Richard Branson, Britain's best-known\entrepreneur and part-time daredevil, plans to launch the\world's first passenger service to space in 2007, offering\zero-gravity flights for  #36;198,600.
Intel Shelves Plan to Turn Desktop Into Wi-Fi Hub  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - An ambitious plan to turn  millions of desktop computers into hubs of wireless Internet  access has been shelved after PC makers balked at the price of  the feature, Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday.
Long-Short Funds Have Uneven Record (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - At a time when rapid growth in hedge funds might suggest that their mutual fund counterparts -- long-short funds -- would also prove popular, few investors seem to have much appetite for mutual funds they can sell short.
Yen Pressured by Rising Oil Prices  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen remained under strong pressure on  Tuesday after oil prices hit record highs, raising concern  about the impact on Japan's import-dependent economy.
Briefly: Credit union beefs up database security roundup Plus: Computer scientists slam e-voting machines..."The Sims 2" hits 1 million sales...Adobe, Kodak team on photo printing...Cray promotes two execs.
Senate weighing work-visa changes U.S. senators are debating a controversial measure to exempt foreign student graduates from the cap on H-1B visas.
Start-up banks on Java hardware boost Hardware expected to begin selling next year is designed to make it faster and more efficient to run Java programs.
Credit union beefs up database security IPLocks will help Western Corporate Federal Credit Union meet government security requirements.
James Hardie CEO and CFO stand aside The chief executive and chief financial officer of embattled building products company James Hardie Industries have stood aside in the wake of the findings of a special inquiry into the company #39;s asbestos liabilities.
UPDATE 1-Devon to sell oil properties, buyback shares Devon Energy Corp. (DVN.A: Quote, Profile, Research) set a two-for-one stock split and plans to buy back up to 10 percent of its stock, as soaring oil and gas prices pushed up 
Intel Shelves Plan to Turn Desktop Into Wi-Fi Hub An ambitious plan to turn millions of desktop computers into hubs of wireless Internet access has been shelved after PC makers balked at the price of the feature, Intel Corp.
Hamm fights to keep Olympic gold medal Yet another chapter in the gold medal mess of US gymnast Paul Hamm was written in a courtroom Monday. Hamm appeared at a hearing before the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Laussane, Switzerland.
Charlton Defeats Blackburn 1-0, Moves to Seventh in Premiership Talal El Karkouri scored his first goal in English soccer as Charlton defeated Blackburn 1-0 to rise to seventh in the Premiership standings.
Show must go on without Grossman LAKE FOREST - In the early stages of the season Rex Grossman proved to be developing into a playmaker, but it also became his downfall.
Thai woman #39;s bird flu raises fears virus is passed between humans A THAI woman was yesterday diagnosed with bird flu after her sister and niece died with symptoms of the virus, raising the possibility that the illness had passed from human-to-human for the first time.
Compuware readies tools for Microsoft apps development Compuware plans to enhance its suite of products for the Microsoft development platform, with tools to improve application performance, code quality, and security.
CA ex-CEO Kumar loses perks after indictment SAN FRANCISCO - Computer Associates International Inc. has revoked perks, including office space and home security services, that it handed out to former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Sanjay Kumar after he left the company last month.
Tokyo Stocks Fall After Oil Spike (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.9 percent\by mid-morning on Tuesday and was on course for an eighth day\of losses as a broad range of stocks wilted after oil prices\spiked to  #36;50 a barrel and U.S. stocks made more losses.
Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq (AP) AP - President Bush and rival Sen. John Kerry paused from private debate practice on Monday to accuse each other of a lack of clarity on Iraq as they campaigned in "must win" states for each  #151; the Republican incumbent in Ohio and his Democratic challenger in Wisconsin.
US bishop sex abuse case dropped A child abuse case against a former US bishop is dropped, hours after he was charged.
Straw justifies Mugabe handshake Jack Straw defends his handshake with Zimbabwe's much criticised President Robert Mugabe.
Asbestos scandal forces Hardie CEO, CFO to step down SYDNEY: The top two executives of James Hardie Industries NV stepped down today, a week after a government inquiry found the company broke the law and lied to thousands of asbestos victims and financial markets.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Open Lower on Oil Surge Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday due to concerns about rising oil prices, while the dollar rose against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average was down 53.
Vodafone chief outlines 2.5bn plan to cut costs Arun Sarin, the chief executive of Vodafone, revealed yesterday the company was expecting to deliver annual cash flow improvements of 2.
Stingy Falcons Defense Key to 3-0 Start (AP) AP - Maybe the Atlanta Falcons aren't a one-man team after all. While Michael Vick commands most of the attention, the defense should get the bulk of the credit for the Falcons' 3-0 start  #151; their best since 1986.
Last hurrah for Expos With a three-game set vs. Florida, Montreal bids adieu to its pro baseball team Hurdles exist, but relocation process now appears irreversible, by Richard Griffin.
Chargers Name Rivers No. 2 Quarterback (AP) AP - Philip Rivers just got a lot closer to taking his first snap with the woeful San Diego Chargers.
Expos Announcement Might Come Thursday (AP) AP - Exactly 33 years after the Washington Senators played their final game, the nation's capital might learn on Thursday that major league baseball plans to return next season.
Wisconsin Back Davis Cleared to Play (AP) AP - Running back Anthony Davis, who missed No. 20 Wisconsin's last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against Illinois.
The Expos Will Probably Move South to Washington After two and a half years in limbo as a ward of Major League Baseball, the Montreal Expos appear to be heading to a new home in Washington.
The Yankees' Rotation Leaves Heads Spinning The Yankees should soon clinch their seventh consecutive division title, but they have little reason to be confident in their starters.
MLB, O's Talk Deal Baseball will continue negotiations with Peter G. Angelos on a financial package that could clear a path for the Expos to begin play at RFK Stadium in time for Opening Day.
Key Backups Praised The reserves are the key reason for Baltimore's 2-1 record and its place atop the AFC North standings following Sunday's thumping of Cincinnati, 23-9.
Gannon Out 6 Weeks Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck that will sideline him at least six weeks.
Mexican firm buys RMC for 2.3bn RMC, the world #39;s biggest supplier of ready-mixed concrete, has agreed a 2.3bn takeover deal from Cemex of Mexico, raising fears of job cuts and quarry closures.
Tax inquiry hits Hilfiger shares Clothing maker Tommy Hilfiger suffered a mauling on Wall Street yesterday after disclosing it was the subject of a federal investigation that analysts said appeared to focus on tax avoidance.
Fastow Helped Craft Merrill Barge Deal-Former Aide Enron Corp. former Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fastow helped cook up a bogus deal with Merrill Lynch to sell and buy back Nigerian power barges to inflate Enron #39;s earnings 
VNU sells Yellow Pages VNU, the Dutch market research and information group, yesterday sold its directories business for 2.1bn (1.4bn) to venture capital groups Apax Partners and Cinven.
FSA rejects call to rescue savers MPs and the main City watchdog are at odds over the plight of millions of policyholders  quot;trapped quot; in closed with-profits funds.
CA revokes some of Kumar #39;s benefits Computer Associates International Inc. said Monday it has revoked home security and office support benefits to former Chief Executive Officer Sanjay Kumar, who was indicted last week on 
British tycoon plans for commercial space flights British airline magnate Richard Branson announces a hugely ambitious plan for the world #39;s first commercial space flights, saying he will send  quot;thousands quot; of fee-paying astronauts into orbit in the next five years.
AOL wants developers to get the message America Online is putting out a call to developers to bring its instant-messaging software to more cell phones. The AOL Mobile Developer program, announced Monday, is meant to reduce the time manufacturers 
Manning outguns Favre Peyton Manning threw for 393 yards and five first-half touchdowns and the Indianapolis Colts beat the Green Bay Packers 45-31 in a wild, high-scoring game on Sunday.
Pakistani forces kill leading al-Qaida militant in shootout Pakistani security forces arrested more terrorist suspects yesterday, a day after killing the country #39;s leading al-Qaida figure and most wanted terrorist.
Simon Tisdall Since throwing his weight behind the Bush administration after September 11 2001, Pakistan #39;s president, Pervez Musharraf, has successfully portrayed himself as an indispensable ally in the US-led  quot;war on terror quot;.
Fannie Mae to Keep More Cash on Hand (Reuters) Reuters - Embattled mortgage finance company\Fannie Mae  agreed to keep billions of dollars more cash\on hand while it corrects accounting problems, its government\regulator said on Monday.
CORRECTED: Oil Strikes New Record on Supply Fears  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. crude oil futures hit a new  record on Tuesday at \$50.01 a barrel as worries about the  stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compounded  concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of peak winter demand.
Tokyo Stocks Fall After Oil Spike  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.9 percent  by mid-morning on Tuesday and was on course for an eighth day  of losses as a broad range of stocks wilted after oil prices  spiked to \$50 a barrel and U.S. stocks made more losses.
Fannie Mae to boost reserves, rework transactions to fix &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Under pressure from federal regulators, mortgage giant Fannie Mae has agreed to boost its reserve cushion against risk by several billion dollars.
David Jones flags 5 profit growth in FY05 David Jones Limited (DJS) said today that it expected a 5 increase in profit after tax in the 2005 financial year after a strong rally in FY04 net profit.
Players #39; union files grievance to overturn Guillen #39;s suspension The players #39; association filed a grievance Monday seeking to overturn the Anaheim Angels #39; suspension of left fielder Jose Guillen.
8m gem robbery near Louvre DIAMONDS worth nearly 8m were stolen from an antique dealers #39; show near the Louvre museum in Paris yesterday. The two diamonds were taken in a daylight robbery while a member of staff manning a stand at 
James Hardie #39;s Macdonald Stands Aside for Regulator #39;s Inquiry James Hardie Industries NV said Chief Executive Officer Peter Macdonald will stand aside during a probe by Australia #39;s securities regulator into allegations he misled investors about 
Man United defends agents #39; fees Manchester United yesterday revealed that it agreed payments to players #39; agents of 5.5m last year, equivalent to more than 9 of the club #39;s operating profit and almost 20 of its pre-tax profit.
Hearing to be held Friday in Oakland The Major League Baseball Players Association on Monday filed a grievance to reverse the Angels #39; decision to suspend outfielder Jose Guillen for the remainder of the season and the postseason.
France seeking to put pullout on agenda WASHINGTON France said Monday that it would take part in a proposed international conference on Iraq only if the agenda included a possible US troop withdrawal, thus complicating the planning for a meeting that has drawn mixed reactions.
Lehmann: I don #39;t know how to take being axed Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann has admitted that he was shocked to find out that he had been dropped from the Arsenal side on Saturday.
Austrians back on top Everyone kept wondering when Austria #39;s alpine powerhouse would show up for the new World Cup season and the answer was emphatically provided on Sunday.
SpaceShipOne to Try for  #36;10 Million Ansari X-Prize (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. team that took the first\privately funded, manned ship into space makes a bid to capture\a  #36;10 million prize this week -- signaling that commercial\space travel has nearly arrived.
Ecuador's Galapagos Park Rangers End Strike (Reuters) Reuters - Galapagos park rangers on Monday\ended a strike that had blocked tourist sites in the exotic\islands for more than two weeks after the Ecuadorean government\accepted their demands for a change in park leadership.
7 Palestinians Killed; CNN Producer Held (AP) AP - Israelis killed seven Palestinians in attacks Monday, including a Gaza airstrike that killed one militant and wounded a militia commander, who vowed revenge from his hospital bed.
Reporters Put Under Scrutiny in C.I.A. Leak The investigation of the disclosure of C.I.A. agent Valerie Plame's identity seems to have been both exhaustive and inconclusive.
Fannie Mae Agrees to Sweeping Changes Fannie Mae, the nation's largest mortgage buyer, agreed to major changes in its accounting and management practices.
UPDATE 1-Ecclestone sets Silverstone deadline Silverstone #39;s owners have been given 48 hours to agree a contract for next year #39;s British Grand Prix, Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone said on Monday.
Going to Bush Rally, Finding Strings Attached The Bush campaign has pressed rally audiences to work as foot soldiers, before, during and immediately after Bush events.
Audit Finds Large FBI Translation Backlog WASHINGTON - The FBI has a backlog of hundreds of thousands of hours of untranslated audio recordings from terror and espionage investigations, despite large increases in money and personnel for translations since the 2001 terror attacks, a Justice Department audit released Monday said.    In addition, the audit by Glenn A...
FBI Said to Lag on Translations of Terror Tapes Three years after the Sept. 11 attacks, more than 120,000 hours of potentially valuable terrorism-related recordings have not yet been translated by linguists at the 
BoSox Clinch Second Straight Playoff Berth (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight trip to the playoffs, rallying past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 Monday night behind Manny Ramirez's AL-leading 43rd home run.
Sun Beat Mystics 80-70 to Even Series (AP) AP - Lindsay Whalen matched her career-high with 21 points and the Connecticut Sun beat the Washington Mystics 80-70 Monday night to even the best-of-three WNBA Eastern Conference semifinal.
Spanish bonus for Auckland Spain #39;s Davis Cup win over the United States has gifted New Zealand #39;s top men #39;s tournament its headline act. The eyes of the tennis world will now undoubtedly be on the Spanish trio of Rafael 
Angels Taking High Road in Pennant Race On the day the Anaheim Angels played for first place, several players crammed onto an L-shaped couch in the visiting clubhouse, turned toward a flat-screen television and pressed their internal mute buttons.
Cowboys lead Washington 7-0 after first quarter Eddie George scored on a 1-yard run with 4:01 left in the first quarter to give the Dallas Cowboys a 7-0 lead over the Washington Redskins on Monday night.
McCown Still Starting QB for Cardinals (AP) AP - Despite being benched after three fumbles against Atlanta, Josh McCown is still the Arizona Cardinals' quarterback.
11 named to Japanese Cabinet TOKYO Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his Cabinet yesterday for the third time since taking power in 2001, replacing several top ministers in an effort to boost his popularity, consolidate political support and quicken the pace of reforms.
Iranian, Egyptian hostages freed; 12 killed in Iraq BAGHDAD (AFP) - An Iranian diplomat and an Egyptian telecom worker held for days by Islamic militants in Iraq were freed as 12 people died in fresh violence across the country.
Have Trophy, Will Travel It took Navy 25 years to bring the Commander-In-Chief trophy back to Annapolis and considering what it took to get it again, the Midshipmen aren't set to let it go any time soon.
Crude Breaks \$50 on Nigerian Supply Fears  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. crude oil futures broke through  \$50 to a new record on Tuesday, on worries over supply  disruptions from Nigeria and other major producers.
James Hardie shares rally Shares in James Hardie Industries NV rallied on news that two key executives will stand aside, rather than resign, over the company #39;s underfunding of asbestos compensation.
Cabrera homers and Beckett shuts down Expos bats in 4-1 Marlins &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Josh Beckett scattered four hits over seven solid innings and Miguel Cabrera homered Monday as the Florida Marlins snapped a six-game losing streak with a 4-1 win over the Montreal Expos.
Braves eye sweep for skipper com. If the Braves sweep their doubleheader against the Mets at Turner Field on Tuesday, Braves manager Bobby Cox will become the ninth manager in history to record 2,000 career wins.
Blue Jays 4, Orioles 1 Gregg Zaun homered and Orlando Hudson had three hits and an RBI, leading the Toronto Blue Jays past the Baltimore Orioles 4-1 Monday night.
Microsoft Crafts Backup Plan Microsoft Corp. officials said yesterday that the company has spent millions of dollars preparing a version of its Windows operating system without a program for playing digital music and 
Japan-Europe flight fares to rise 5 as oil prices continue to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : International carriers are to raise fares on flights from Japan to Europe by five percent in mid-January to cope with soaring oil prices, Japanese airlines said.
Virginia, Fairfax Commit Funds To Help Lure New IBM Jobs The state of Virginia and Fairfax County each pledged \$600,000 to entice International Business Machines Corp. to bring 1,250 high-paying new government contracting jobs to Fairfax.
Mirant to Cut Emissions, Pay Civil Fine The owner of four power plants in the Washington region agreed to reduce air-polluting emissions substantially in the next six years and to pay a \$500,000 fine, according to a settlement 
WASHINGTON IN BRIEF Leaders of three campaign finance groups urged the Federal Election Commission yesterday to disqualify the agency #39;s chairman, Bradley A. Smith, from helping to decide whether a veterans group critical of Democratic presidential nominee John F. Kerry #39;s war 
Jeremy Warner #39;s Outlook: The pensions blot on Chancellor #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gordon Brown was at it again at the Labour Party conference in Brighton yesterday, boasting of the fiscal and monetary stability he and his policies have introduced into the UK economy.
Audit Finds Large FBI Translation Backlog The FBI (website) has a backlog of hundreds of thousands of hours of untranslated audio recordings from terrorism and espionage investigations, despite large increases in money and personnel for translations since the 2001 terror attacks 
Virgin Group licenses MS co-founder #39;s spaceship concept If you #39;ve always wanted to send someone to the moon, you might just get your chance. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!
Enter your e-mail: Thus read the opening line of the letter accompanying a cheerful, multicolored, striped package the size of a shoe box for a small child #39;s shoe.
Enter your e-mail: Windows may be (almost) everywhere in the US, but for many folks in much of the world, spending \$100 or more on an operating system is simply impossible--which means that Windows either gets pirated or it doesn #39;t get used at all.
Rainout for Rivalry That Has Gone Dry The rain blew sideways across the landscape of Turner Field as the remnants of Hurricane Jeanne drenched the city. The deluge still could not obscure the chest-thumping on the 
Career-threatening injury ejects Mashburn NEW ORLEANS, Louisiana (AFP) - Jamal Mashburn, a former All-Star forward whose National Basketball Association career has been dimmed by injuries, will miss all of the upcoming season with a right knee injury.
Pirates end Phillies #39; postseason hopes Ty Wigginton hit a two-run homer and Oliver Perez pitched 6 2-3 strong innings, helping the Pittsburgh Pirates stop a seven-game road losing streak with a 6-1 victory over 
Gibbs, Parcells renew  #39;80s rivalry WASHINGTON When Joe Gibbs announced his return to the Washington Redskins, Bill Parcells sent a congratulatory fax. Gibbs says it said something like  quot;Does this mean we can #39;t talk for the next five years?
A #39;s stagger home up by one It was the most difficult pitching change Ken Macha has ever made in his life. Giving a quick hook to Mark Mulder, whose baffling slump is showing no signs of ending 
Taking on Sadr City in a Pickup Truck The convoy stopped in a single-file line: a half-dozen US armored military vehicles and one gray Nissan pickup truck, all of them idling in a dirt lot in the insurgent-controlled slum called Sadr City.
PM Koizumi creates cabinet post, taps former FSA head TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi Monday reshuffled his Cabinet with the hope of drastically reforming Japan #39;s massive postal savings system the way some credit his administration with turning around banks #39; bad loan problem.
Afghan warlords  #39;threaten poll #39; The power of Afghan armed factions means elections there will go ahead in an environment of fear and repression, US-based Human Rights Watch says.
Virginia, Fairfax Commit Funds To Help Lure New IBM Jobs (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The state of Virginia and Fairfax County each pledged  #36;600,000 to entice International Business Machines Corp. to bring 1,250 high-paying new government contracting jobs to Fairfax.
Microsoft's  Backup Plan Microsoft Corp. officials said Monday that the company has spent millions of dollars preparing a version of its Windows operating system without a program for playing digital music and videos, in the event it loses its bid to postpone antitrust sanctions ordered by European authorities. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Virginia Commits Funds To  Lure New IBM Jobs The state of Virginia and Fairfax County each pledged \$600,000 to entice International Business Machines Corp. to bring 1,250 high-paying new government contracting jobs to Fairfax. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
For Metro, a Case of Too-Free Speech Arrest of pregnant woman for talking loudly is latest incident in which Transit Police are accused of overzealous enforcement.
Fannie Mae Agrees to Accounting Changes Fannie Mae, the giant mortgage finance company, Monday agreed to stop using accounting methods that its regulator criticized last week and to raise billions of dollars of additional capital as a cushion against potential losses.
Bay Bridge Paving Flaw a Puzzler Maryland officials said yesterday that they are baffled about why a special type of concrete used on other bridge projects failed on a recently repaved section of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge, a problem that could cost \$7 million to fix and promises to delay traffic for months.
Union, D.C. Hotels Recess Negotiations Negotiations over a new contract for D.C. hotel workers broke off early Monday as the union and representatives of 14 major hotels reported little progress in resolving the impasse between them.
The Scam After the Storm? After remnants of Hurricane Gaston hit Richmond, Michael Wright's 1999 Honda CR-V sat under water just blocks from his office for three days before a towing company hauled it away.
Mirant to Cut Emissions, Pay Civil Fine The owner of four power plants in the Washington region agreed to reduce air-polluting emissions substantially in the next six years and to pay a \$500,000 fine, according to a settlement announced yesterday by environmental and company officials.
Higher Costs, Less Care In the past four years, Americans have spent a growing portion of their paychecks on health care and for the most part gotten less for their money, according to government figures and several independent studies.
Major Changes Set for Backer of Mortgages Fannie Mae, the nation's largest mortgage buyer, agreed to major changes in its accounting and management practices.
President Bush #39;s Money For Space Cometh citanon writes  quot; The Washington Post reports that House Majority Leader Tom Delay has delivered, via the omnibus spending bill passed Nov. 20, the President #39;s full budgetary request of \$16.2 billion dollars 
Japan's Leader Shuffles Cabinet to Push Economic Reforms Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi shifted his economic repairman to Japan's next gargantuan task: privatizing the world's largest bank.
Time Warner And Comcast Discuss Bid for Adelphia Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection.
Rises Seen in Florida Insurance Premiums As Florida was cleaning up yesterday from its fourth hurricane in six weeks, insurance executives and analysts said they expected the cost of coverage to rise sharply for millions of homes and businesses in the state.
Toll of dead and missing from Philippine storms tops 1,400 (AFP) AFP - Relief agencies battled bad weather to deliver supplies into storm-ravaged areas of the Philippines as the toll of dead and missing from two storms in one week exceeded 1,400, officials said.
AL Capsules The Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight trip to the playoffs, rallying past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 Monday night behind Manny Ramirez #39;s AL-leading 43rd home run.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Wigginton #39;s Homer Helps the Pirates Win Ty Wigginton, a former Met, hit a two-run homer and Oliver Perez pitched six and two-thirds strong innings, helping the Pittsburgh Pirates stop a seven-game road losing streak with 
American League Game Summary - Toronto at Baltimore Tejada finished 0-for-4 and had a 13-game hit streak broken...Zaun #39;s 34 RBI in 2004 ties his career-high set with Kansas City in 2000...Toronto has won six of the seven meetings between the clubs at Camden Yards this season.
Red Sox lock up playoff spot The Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight trip to the playoffs, rallying past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 Monday night behind Manny Ramirez #39;s AL-leading 43rd home run.
D. Miller, C OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- The Oakland Athletics limp home and try to keep their hold on first place in the American League West Division when they begin a four-game set with the Seattle Mariners on Monday.
ANALYSIS:Koizumi puts post reformers in key LDP executive posts They lack solid political bases and support from ruling party elders. One felt the wrath of voters just four years ago when he lost his Diet seat.
N. Korea evades missile test claim A senior North Korean official has called reports that North Korea is preparing to launch a ballistic missile test  quot;only rumor and guess.
Yen Weighed Down as Oil Prices Hit Highs  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen was feeling the heat on Tuesday  as oil prices scaled new record highs, underlining concerns  about Japan's dependence on imported oil.
IATA: Airlines to lose \$3B-\$4B in 2004 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Higher fuel prices will help cause the domestic and international airline industry to lose \$3 billion to \$4 billion in 2004, the International Air Transport Association forecast Monday.
Equitable takes 75m hit as it makes progress on compensation TROUBLED UK life assurer Equitable Life yesterday said it had taken a 75 million hit as it moved in line with the rest of the sector and set aside more reserves to address the fact that people are living longer.
Picking Sides in the Battle for Adelphia Comcast and Time Warner are exploring an alliance to buy the bankrupt cable outfit. If their bid wins, then they divide the spoils.
Indians 6, Royals 1 Casey Blake drove in three runs and Jake Westbrook pitched seven strong innings to lead the Cleveland Indians over the Kansas City Royals 6-1 Monday night.
Red Sox Perk Up After Ejections The Red Sox clinched another playoff berth Monday night, but this time their reaction was much more subdued.
Higher oil prices byproduct of storms The price of oil jumped to another high on Monday, in part because of dramatic disruptions caused by hurricanes whipping through the Gulf of Mexico.
Fannie Mae Goes Along to Get Along By agreeing to its regulator #39;s demands, the mortgage titan has largely defanged its critics and distanced itself from scandal.
Sports: Angels 5 Rangers 3 ARLINGTON, Texas The Anaheim Angels continued their chase for the American League West division crown with a 5-to-3 win over the Texas Rangers.
Rustu Prepared for United Fenerbahce are adamant they can blunt Manchester Uniteds attacking threat in the Champions League clash tonight. Wayne Rooney is likely to link up with Ruud van Nistelrooy and Alan 
Blue Jays End O's Streak Gregg Zaun homers and Orlando Hudson has three hits to lead the Toronto Blue Jays past the Baltimore Orioles, 4-1, on Monday night, snapping the O's four-game win streak.
O's Oust Head Scout The Orioles announce Monday that they will not bring scouting director Tony DeMacio back after this season, signaling a possible front-office shakeup.
Battle Continues The fan who caught Barry Bonds' 700th homer is being sued by another man who says he was the rightful owner of the prized ball.
Pirates Eliminate Phillies The Pirates stop a seven-game road losing streak with a 6-1 win over Philadelphia that eliminates the Phillies from playoff contention.
Astros Stay Close Roy Oswalt became the NL's first 19-game winner as the Astros stay close in the wild-card race with a 10-3 victory over St. Louis.
Oil prices breach US\$50, setting new mark in Asian trading Crude oil prices pushed past the psychologically important US\$50-per-barrel mark Tuesday to an all-time high of US\$50.01 as the market reacted to the slow recovery of US oil production in the Gulf of Mexico following Hurricane Ivan.
Manchester United profits slip to 28m MANCHESTER United yesterday reported lower annual profits of 27.9m as it warned future results would be affected by a drop in media revenues.
Astros ace willing to start on short rest this weekend Whether the Houston Astros are still in contention for the Wild Card spot when the Colorado Rockies roll into town this weekend is anyone #39;s guess, as is which starting 
NFL backups quick to step up Several starting spots may have been usurped or at least threatened after relatively solid understudy showings Sunday, but few players welcome the kind of shot delivered to Oakland 
Cubs 12, Reds 5 Todd Walker homered and drove in four runs, Carlos Zambrano won his fourth straight decision and the Chicago Cubs extended their lead in the NL wild-card race with a 12-5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday night.
Napster founder gets musical with Snocap Shawn Fanning, the founder of the original Napster peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing network, is set to unveil his new music download-related service called SNOCAP this week.
MLB: Boston 7, Tampa Bay 3 Johnny Damon hit a three-run homer and Manny Ramirez a two-run homer Monday to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 7-3 win over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
CNN Producer Seized by Armed Men in Gaza Armed Palestinians kidnapped an Israeli Arab producer for the CNN television network from a car in Gaza City on Monday after asking for him by name.
N. Korea Sees  #39;Snowballing #39; War Danger, Slams US North Korea said Monday the danger of war on the Korean peninsula is  quot;snowballing quot; and accused the United States of destroying the basis for negotiations on Pyongyang #39;s nuclear program.
IBM forms new government consulting group NORFOLK, Va.Gov. Mark Warner today announced that IBM Corp. will spend about \$10 million to set up a high-level consultancy in Northern Virginia to focus on issues such as homeland security and intergovernmental interactions.
David Jones Posts 2nd-Half Profit on Clothing Sales (Update1) David Jones Ltd., Australia #39;s second- largest department store, posted a second-half profit after increasing earnings at its credit card unit, selling more clothes and opening a store in Sydney #39;s Bondi Junction.
New Technology Could Yield Terabyte Optical Disks British researchers have developed a scheme to store as much as a terabyte of data on a single video disk -- equivalent to 472 hours of video.
AL Wrap: Red Sox Down Devil Rays to Clinch Playoff Spot Manny Ramirez belted his league-leading 43rd homer and Johnny Damon hit a three-run shot as the Boston Red Sox clinched a playoff spot with a 7-3 win over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in St Petersburg on Monday.
West Indies read the conditions well Of all the ICC Champions Trophies, this year #39;s at England was the worst in terms of timing. The weather was cold and with rain interrupting the flow of the game, it didn #39;t make for the excitement that a one-day game has.
No decision after gymnastics hearing The hearing over the men #39;s gymnastics gold medal from the Athens Olympics adjourned today without a decision. The general secretary of the Court of Arbitration for Sport said he hopes there will be a decision within two weeks.
American League Game Summary - Cleveland At Kansas City Kansas City, MO -- Casey Blake delivered a two-run single in the seventh inning and Jake Westbrook tossed seven solid frames to lead Cleveland to a 6-1 win over Kansas City in the first of a three-game series at Kauffman Stadium.
comment: Fallouts from Farooqis killing Nawabshah, the hometown of the incarcerated spouse of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto, Asif Zardari has now become an international focal point following Sundays incident in which 
Bird flu virus unlikely to be eradicated soon, warn global bodies ROME : The bird flu epidemic in Asia is a  quot;crisis of global importance quot; and the virus is unlikely to be eradicated soon, the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) and the World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) warned.
Time Warner and Comcast Discuss Bid for Adelphia Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection.
Conan O'Brien to Succeed Jay Leno in 2009, NBC Announces Conan O'Brien will succeed Jay Leno as host of the "Tonight" show at the end of Mr. Leno's current five-year contract.
Equitable Life makes  #39;steady and sustained #39; progress TROUBLED mutual Equitable Life yesterday said it had continued to make  quot;steady and sustained progress quot; in improving its financial position during the first half of the year.
 #39;Farooqi #39;s killing a blow to Al Qaeda #39;: Osama is alive - Musharraf THE HAGUE, Sept 27: President Pervez Musharraf has said the killing of top Al Qaeda militant Amjad Farooqi is a serious blow to the terrorist network.
Equitable makes  #39;steady progress #39; Troubled mutual insurer Equitable Life says it is making  quot;steady and sustained progress quot; to restore its finances. Publishing its half-yearly results, the society said there had been  quot;no material change quot; in its capital reserve, now standing at 532m.
Genetic map to help curb ivory poaching Scientists have unveiled a new hi-tech weapon to help combat the illegal trade of ivory in Africa: a map. The map describes how the genetic profiles of African elephants vary across the continent, from the 
Key Al Qaeda suspect killed in shootout in Pakistan Pakistani Security Forces say they have killed a major al-Qaeda millitant on Monday, September 27. Amjad Farooqi was killed after a shootout with Pakistani Security Forces.
Uncensored News For Real People A group of armed men abducted CNN producer Riad Ali in Gaza City on Monday. There has been no claim of responsibility for the abduction, and the militant group Hamas condemned it.
U.S. to Keep 10 Guantanamo Detainees (AP) AP - A U.S. military review panel issued decisions Monday on 10 detainees at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, ordering them to remain in custody as "enemy combatants," an official said.
India probes mad cow blood samples report (Reuters) Reuters - The Indian government is investigating reports that blood samples that could be contaminated with the human form of mad cow disease had entered the country from Britain, a top official said on Tuesday.
Kennedy: Bush Makes U.S. More Vulnerable (AP) AP - An arrogant rush to war in Iraq has made the country more vulnerable to nuclear attack while the Bush administration has misled the public with "happy talk" about prospects for peace, Sen. Edward M. Kennedy said Monday.
Users See Slow Progress on Microsoft-Sun Alliance DECEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The progress report that Microsoft Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. issued last week on their joint initiatives left some IT managers and analysts wondering when or if the 
Iranian Diplomat Freed in Iraq, Hopes Raised for Other  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iranian diplomat taken hostage in  Iraq last month has been released by his captors but the fate  of at least 11 other foreigners, including a Briton threatened  with beheading, remained unclear on Tuesday.
Afghan warlords 'threaten poll' Afghan warlords are involved in intimidation which could threaten October's elections, Human Rights Watch says.
Drug ruled out in cancer battle A drug used to treat breast cancer would not be good for preventing the tumours occurring in the first place, say researchers.
Security is just a mouse click away Next time an e-card with a jolly message drops into your computer #39;s inbox, think before you click it open - it could be a virus which will implant itself in your machine and spread before you even realise it.
Fla. Residents Wait on Half-Mile Food Line VERO BEACH, Fla. - People lined up for more than a half-mile for food and water, while others searched in vain for generators in the sweltering heat Monday as Florida residents began cleaning up all over again, demoralized by the fourth hurricane in six weeks to batter the state...
Taking on Sadr City in a Nissan Pickup Monday's blast demonstrated the uneven vulnerability of U.S. forces, who are equipped with sophisticated weaponry and armor, and their Iraqi allies, who fight the same battles using inferior equipment.
Koizumi Replaces Key Ministers Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his cabinet on Monday, replacing several top ministers in an effort to boost his popularity, consolidate political support and quicken the pace of reforms in the world's second-largest economy.
Intuit digs deeper into small businesses A simplified version of the QuickBooks application will target sole proprietors and other small firms that use basic accounting methods.
Higher Oil Prices Send Dow Below 10,000 US stocks fell as oil prices reached a new high, spurring concern that rising energy costs will hamper earnings growth. The Dow Jones industrial average closed below 10,000 for the first time in six weeks.
Cash America expands to California Fort Worth-based Cash America International Inc. (NYSE: PWN) said Monday that it bought the operations of 32 cash advance locations in Southern California.
Technology Secretary For Virginia Steps Down Virginia #39;s secretary of technology, George C. Newstrom, said yesterday that he is stepping down from the post after more than two years on the job.
Cubs Extend Lead in NL Wild-Card Race (AP) AP - Todd Walker homered and drove in four runs, Carlos Zambrano won his fourth straight decision and the Chicago Cubs extended their lead in the NL wild-card race with a 12-5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday night.
Cook: Angels make right decision On Sunday, the Anaheim Angels took time out from their playoff chase with the Oakland Athletics and Texas Rangers to suspend left fielder Jose Guillen without pay for the 
New group plans to protest, push NASCAR toward diversity NASCAR officials are bracing to defend themselves from the negative publicity that might result from a planned protest at the races in Talladega, Ala.
Oswalt Wins 19th As Astros Beat Cardinals (AP) AP - Roy Oswalt became the NL's first 19-game winner, and the Houston Astros stayed close in the wild-card race with a 10-3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Monday night.
AMD Adds Power Management to Opteron originally offered on notebook PCs -- to its Opteron 32- and 64-bit x86 processors for server applications. The technology will help servers to run 
Cisco inks another big VoIP deal Bank of America signs a deal to deploy 180,000 Cisco IP telephones nationwide over the next three years.
NL Wrap: Cubs Pound Reds to Retain Wild Card Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Todd Walker homered, had three hits  and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 12-5 win  over the Cincinnati Reds in National League play at Wrigley  Field on Monday.
Switches Drive Down Prices For 10-Gbps Ethernet Falling prices for 10-Gbps Ethernet switches may spur a new round of network upgrades by businesses looking to provide more speed for bandwidth-hungry applications.
Angels Taking High Road in Pennant Race In the midst of a stretch against division rivals Texas and Oakland, the Angels suspended Jose Guillen without pay.
Big Lead for Washington as Angelos Blocks Home The Montreal Expos appear to be heading to a new home in Washington, but the most pressing concern is the negotiation to compensate Orioles' owner Peter Angelos.
Yen Weighed Down as Oil Prices Hit Highs (Reuters) Reuters - The yen was feeling the heat on Tuesday\as oil prices scaled new record highs, underlining concerns\about Japan's dependence on imported oil.
Senior James Hardie executives stand down in Australia In Australia, the chief executive and chief finance officer of the James Hardie building materials company have stood aside. The move is the company #39;s first response to a damning report on the way it failed 
Karachi police guard against killing backlash Police were on red alert in the southern city of Karachi yesterday, fearing a militant backlash after a top Pakistani al-Qaeda suspect wanted for two assassination attempts against President General Pervez Musharraf was killed in a paramilitary raid.
Ingram Micro moves in on Asia Pacific market Technology distributor Ingram Micro has announced that it has signed an agreement to purchase Australian based company Tech Pacific for AU\$700 million, in a move designed to strengthen its Asia Pacific presence.
Airline loss projections revised The International Air Transport Association is forecasting  quot;significantly quot; narrower losses for the global airline industry this year as reduced costs and rising demand for air travel help counter higher fuel prices.
Slippery eel that #39;s feeding on economy The Government Accountability Office (what you and I remember as the General Accounting Office) last week issued a long-awaited report (which was supposed to be out last spring) on the nettlesome issue of offshoring/outsourcing.
AL Roundup: Red Sox clinch spot The Boston Red Sox clinched their second consecutive trip to the playoffs, rallying past the host Tampa Bay Devil Rays, 7-3, last night behind Manny Ramirez #39;s AL-leading 43rd home run.
Figgins does it all at the end The last time the Angels played the Texas Rangers, they dropped two consecutive shutouts at home in their most agonizing lost weekend of the season.
What kind of friendship? I am not an Irish Friend of Israel. Official. Indeed, I am so unfit for that title that those bestowing membership to the group don #39;t reply to my letters.
Just Migrate to Linux \\"And there I stood: alone in the dark, unknown terrors approaching, armed only\with a bucket of water."\\"Which is, curiously enough, almost exactly the position that Windows users find\themselves in today: alone in the dark, unknown terrors approaching, but in\their case, having a bucket of water would be an improvement."\\"MS04-028 is, perhaps, the epitome of bad technical writing - the literary\equivalent of spaghetti code. I've read through it far too many times, and I\still understand far too little."\\And who is at fault here?  You or Microsoft?  Microsoft has for years\demonstrated that they hate their customers.\\Yet its people like Tom Liston that keep coming back for more abuse.\\T ...\\
Oil breaks \$US50 barrier CRUDE oil prices pushed past the psychologically important \$US50-per-barrel mark today and hit an all-time high as the market reacted to the slow recovery of US production in the Gulf of Mexico following Hurricane Ivan as well as unrest in key oil 
Gun battle in Indonesia's Aceh kills six alleged rebels: military (AFP) AFP - Indonesian soldiers have killed six suspected rebels during two separate gunbattles in the troubled province of Aceh, the military said.
Trend Micro Hopes To Spread Mobile Antivirus The spam-blocking feature of Trend Micro #39;s package may be more immediately useful, because bandwidth is money. Software that can prevent unwanted messages from coming through will save users cash.
Chinese steel mills still buying China #39;s appetite for raw materials shows no sign of abating, with four Chinese steel mills agreeing to buy an extra \$3.2 billion of Australian iron ore over the next 10 years, global miner BHP Billiton said Tuesday.
DC hotel workers #39; union halts talks; will review terms The union for employees at 14 of Washington #39;s biggest hotels said they want a week to review new proposals made yesterday by management negotiators.
Tata Motors listed on NYSE Mumbai, Sep 28. (PTI): Tata Motors on Thursday listed its securities on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) to become the country #39;s first Indian engineering and motor entity to do so and the second Tata company after VSNL.
Tracking Tusks #39; Poachers he African elephant population was cut in half by poaching in the 1980 #39;s, and most conservationists agree that only a 1989 ban on the ivory trade saved the animal from extinction.
Hotmail becomes even less a free In order to stop the spread of spam, Microsoft will start charging users who use Outlook or Outlook Express to access e-mail. It will stop being free in April of 2005.
Time runs out on Redskins A record crowd of 90.367 entered FedEx Field Monday night hoping to witness a new chapter in what has become a lopsided rivalry between the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins.
Expos likely to come to District Major League Baseball is expected to announce tomorrow that the Montreal Expos will move to the District, and anticipation yesterday surged in Washington that the city #39;s 33-year baseball drought is finally at an end.
St. Louis Cardinals News With the National League #39;s best record sewn up, the Cardinals would just as soon start the playoffs immediately. Yesterday, if possible.
Offense turns to Pittman Jon Gruden isn #39;t happy, and he admitted as much Monday morning. But at least the Bucs coach can look forward to something. Running back Michael 
Cavaliers lose Canty for the season Defensive end Chris Canty, who returned for a fifth year at Virginia only after careful deliberation, has been lost for the season with a knee injury.
Cards Second Baseman Tony Womack Injured (AP) AP - St. Louis Cardinals second baseman Tony Womack left Monday night's game against Houston in the seventh inning after getting hit on the left hand with a pitch.
Glenn Touchdown Gives Dallas Victory Over Washington  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Terry Glenn scored the winning  touchdown early in the fourth quarter as the Dallas Cowboys  continued their domination of the Washington Redskins with a  21-18 win in Landover, Maryland on Monday.
Tiger still burns the brightest LONDON - The dog might be man #39;s best friend, but the world #39;s favourite animal is the tiger, says an international survey. The great Asian cat, threatened with extinction in much of its range, beat the dog 
Rivalry Lives Up to Hype While not quite a return to glory, Monday represents the Redskins' return to the national consciousness.
Banks' Role Eyed in Parmalat Scandal -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - Investigators are closely scrutinizing\the role of major international banks in the meltdown of\Parmalat, the scandal-ridden dairy group based in Italy, the\Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
Oil Charges to \$50.35 on Supply Threats  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices soared to a new record  above \$50 on Tuesday as uncertainties over Nigerian output  heightened worries of a severe supply disruption ahead of  winter.
Banks' Role Eyed in Parmalat Scandal -WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investigators are closely scrutinizing  the role of major international banks in the meltdown of  Parmalat, the scandal-ridden dairy group based in Italy, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
Crude oil breaches \$50 a barrel Crude oil prices set fresh records as  US light crude tops \$50 a barrel in Asian trade and Brent sticks close to \$46.
Former Executive Testifies, Offering Insider's Look at Enron's Deal Making Michael Kopper, who participated in the wrongdoing that helped cripple Enron, provided a glimpse of the deals orchestrated by Andrew S. Fastow.
Microsoft Weighs Resuming Negotiations With Europe Microsoft said that it might restart settlement talks with European Union regulators after Europe's second-highest court ruled on whether penalties should be suspended.
U.S. Senate to Weigh Bill Targeting Web Song Swaps The Senate could take action this week on a bill that would make it easier to sue "peer-to-peer" networks like Kazaa and LimeWire.
Yahoo Gives Web Site a Facelift Internet powerhouse Yahoo has given its popular Web site a facelift to highlight some of the features that the company has been improving during the past year.
Ready mixed fortunes RMC Group was founded by Danish engineer Kjeld Ammentorp in 1930 and made a 399 trading loss in its first year. In 1952, Ready Mixed Concrete of Australia reversed into its UK rival and began to expand.
Microsoft is ready to remove media player for EU Microsoft Corp. will be ready to comply with the European Commission #39;s demands for changes to its Windows operating systems if a European court rejects its request for the measures to be suspended, a spokesman for the company said Monday.
Hardie chief stands aside JAMES Hardie chief executive Peter Macdonald will stand aside from his position in the wake of the findings of a special inquiry into the embattled building products company #39;s asbestos liabilities.
Branson Announces He #39;s Taking Virgin Craft to Outer Space  quot;Virgin has been in talks with Paul Allen and Burt Rutan throughout this year and in the early hours of Saturday signed a historical deal to license SpaceShipOne #39;s technology to build the world #39;s 
Adobe creates new digital photo format Adobe, one of the top manufacturers of image editing software, has created a new format for digital images that will save the data in raw file formats to allow professionals more freedom to control the various aspects and key details of raw image files.
Toshiba Readies 60GB Gigabeat Toshiba will launch three new versions of its Gigabeat hard drive-based portable music player starting in late November, the company says.
Tiger: Not Out of the Woods Yet Oct. 4 issue - On a lovely afternoon in Manhattan last week, two black SUVs pulled up in front of a Starbucks on Fifth Avenue. As bodyguards in both cars debated whose turn it was to make a coffee run, Tiger 
This story ran on nwitimes.com on Tuesday, September 28, 2004 12 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; * Turning point: The Cubs scored five runs, including back-to-back homers by Corey Patterson and Derrek Lee, in the fourth. * Up next: Cincinnati (Josh Hancock 4-2) at Cubs (Greg Maddux 15-10), 7:05 pm today.
60-Story Building Is Proposed Near Nassau Coliseum he co-owner of the New York Islanders hockey team is proposing a 60-story tower in the center of Nassau County - more than triple the height of the tallest existing building on Long Island.
Womack hit by pitch on left hand HOUSTON - St. Louis Cardinals second baseman Tony Womack left Monday night #39;s game against Houston in the seventh inning after getting hit on the left hand with a pitch.
Armed men seize CNN employee in Gaza Armed men grabbed an Arab-Israeli employee of the CNN news network in Gaza City on Monday, the network says. It was unclear whether the CNN producer, identified as Riyad Ali, was taken away by militants or members of the Palestinian security forces.
SC Puts Spoke In Taj Mahals 350th Celebrations Agra/New Delhi, Sept. 27 (NNN): The celebrations for the 350th anniversary of the historic Taj Mahal ran into a snag on Monday with the Supreme Court declining to give permission to hold any such event near the 17th century monument during the night.
Lycos Yanks Anti-Spammer Screen Saver Lycos has withdrawn its  quot;Make love not spam quot; application after a string of negative criticism. Visitors to the Web site were presented Friday with a graphic urging them to  quot;stay tuned.
Purchase may weigh down Cemex Lorenzo Zambrano gained a reputation as a savvy deal-maker as he led Mexico #39;s Cemex on a spending spree that turned it into the world #39;s third largest cement maker with 15 acquisitions in a dozen years.
\$10 jump in airfares falls apart A proposed \$10 round-trip airfare increase that initially looked like it might stick fell apart over the weekend. The increase was proposed by American Airlines late last week and matched 
Adobe adds new Elements ADOBE Systems, maker of the world-renowned Photoshop picture-editing software, has announced two new products for digital video and still-photography hobbyists.
Cowboys corral Redskins Only three things in life are certain in the nation #39;s capital: death, taxes and the Cowboys #39; domination of the Redskins. Washington brought back Joe Gibbs to revitalize the Redskins 
Claussen roughed up by Cubs com. The Cincinnati southpaw suffered his fifth straight loss Monday, a 12-5 thrashing at the hands of the Cubs, in the opener of a four-game series with Chicago before a crowd of 38,984 at Wrigley Field.
Rangers drop a heartbreaker The waning moments against the Angels on Monday had all the elements of another memorable night in what has proved to be an unforgettable season for the Rangers.
Collins to replace Gannon against Texans The 2002 NFL MVP has a broken vertebra in his neck that will sideline him at least eight weeks, starting Sunday when the Oakland Raiders play the Texans in Houston.
Astros place playoff tickets on sale today The Astros will put individual game tickets for the Division Series on sale today at 8 am on astros.com and over the phone toll free at 877-927-8767.
Storm sweeps past Lynx Even before tipoff last Friday in Game 1 of its opening-round playoff series with Minnesota, the Seattle Storm held a 2-0 lead in perhaps the most critical statistic of all -- superstars.
Israel threatens pre-emptive strikes on militants in Syria While it declined to say whether it was responsible for the death of a Hamas leader in Damascus Sunday, Israel accused Syria yesterday of  quot;directing terrorism quot; and warned of possible 
Nikkei Poised to Fall for 8th Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.46 percent  by late Tuesday, setting the stage for an eighth straight day  of losses after oil prices topped \$50 a barrel, fanning  concerns about Japan Inc's prospects.
Airlines want end to airport control Ottawa should end the monopoly the airports hold over the airlines to reduce the price of landing at Canadian airports - especially at Lester B. Pearson International Airport in Toronto, says the head of the International Air Transport Association.
China targets more overseas acquisitions SINGAPOREChina #39;s plan to buy Canadian mining giant Noranda Inc. is just the beginning of an overseas acquisition march fuelled by swollen foreign exchange reserves and a need to secure natural resources.
RISE SALLIE, RISE Sallie Krawcheck #39;s star got brighter yesterday when she was named chief financial officer and head of strategy at mammoth Citigroup, making her by far the most powerful woman on Wall Street.
Union, DC Hotels Recess Negotiations Negotiations over a new contract for DC hotel workers broke off early yesterday as the union and representatives of 14 major hotels reported little progress in resolving the impasse between them.
Gun battle in Indonesia #39;s Aceh kills six alleged rebels: military BANDA ACEH, Aceh (AFP): Indonesian soldiers have killed six suspected rebels during two separate gunbattles in the troubled province of Aceh, the military said on Tuesday.
Cisco, Fujitsu Target Japanese Market Cisco (Quote, Chart) and Fujitsu will collaborate on high-end routers and other products for Japanese carriers and corporations moving to Internet Protocol (define) systems, the companies announced.
Mexicans cement 2.3bn RMC bid RMC, the troubled UK building materials group, was swallowed up for 2.3bn yesterday by the world #39;s third-biggest cement producer, Cemex of Mexico.
Sci/Tech ; Battle to control Internet songs heats up Sci/Tech News, New York - British tycoon Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group said on Monday it was jumping into the market for online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; offering US customers song downloads for 99 cents.
IBM to announce launch of new radio tag business unit IBM planned to announce yesterday that it will invest US\$250 million over the next five years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
A #39;s top M #39;s, maintain lead over Angels OAKLAND, Calif. - Bobby Crosbys sacrifice fly with one out in the ninth scored Erubiel Durazo with the winning run in the Oakland Athletics 6-5 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Monday night.
Protective goal posts come into play at Clemson, W. Virginia This season Clemson and West Virginia installed goal posts that can be lowered to the ground in a matter of seconds, thus preventing injuries to fans who storm the field after big football victories.
Airline warns judge that liquidation is ahead without union pay &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ALEXANDRIA, Va. US Airways is warning a bankruptcy judge that it may have to liquidate as soon as February unless the judge imposes temporary pay cuts of 23 percent on the airline #39;s union workers.
BHP Wins Extra \$3.2 Bln of Chinese Iron Ore Sales (Update3) BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest mining company, agreed to sell an extra \$3.2 billion of iron ore to four Chinese steelmakers, helping underpin expansion of its mines in Western Australia.
Citigroup #39;s Curious Exec Exchange The giant #39;s CFO and Smith Barney #39;s chief swap jobs -- a regular rotation for managers on the rise or damage control in advance?
Nikkei Poised to Fall for 8th Day Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average fell 0.46 percent by late Tuesday, setting the stage for an eighth straight day of losses after oil prices topped \$50 a barrel, fanning concerns about Japan Inc #39;s prospects.
Mass. builders behind rest of country The sale of new single-family homes across the country rose by 9.4 percent in August, ending a two-month dip, the US Commerce Department reported yesterday.
Passenger service to space in two years? The world #39;s first passenger service to space will start carrying fee-paying astronauts from 2007, say two entrepreneurs, although some are not so convinced with their ambitious time-frame.
Quarterback is a question mark Yes, it #39;s only three games but some things are obvious early on. The Redskins are in serious trouble at quarterback. And trouble at quarterback might as well be a computer virus; it ruins everything, even the defense.
Sports: Dodgers 8 Rockies 7 LOS ANGELES Milton Bradley singled home the game-winning run with one out in the bottom of the ninth as the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 8-to-7.
American League Game Summary - Seattle at Oakland Ichiro, with 914 hits since his rookie year in 2001, is currently on pace to set the record for most hits over any four-year span in the majors.
Seattle Sweeps Series SEATTLE, Sept. 27 (Ticker) -- With their floor leader sidelined early in the game, the Seattle Storm rallied to win their first playoff series.
Astros tee off on Williams HOUSTON - Nine days had passed since the Cardinals mathematically clinched their division title. Monday night, their playoff express took a wrong turn smack into the middle of a wild-card street fight.
Harrington takes offense Lions quarterback Joey Harrington was shot down by the Eagles pass rush Sunday, but on Monday he fired back at the Goose -ormer NFL defensive lineman Tony Siragusa.
Around the world Three US soldiers were wounded, one of them critically, when Afghan guerrillas attacked their vehicle with rockets and guns, the US military said Monday.
US pressures Indonesian over mine pollution arrests The United States has stepped up its diplomatic response to Indonesia #39;s arrest of five executives of the American mining company Newmont for alleged pollution in the province of Sulawesi.
US Airways, unions seek compromise US Airways Group Inc. met with two unions to try and agree on concessions before an Oct. 7 hearing at which a bankruptcy judge might let the carrier temporarily reduce pay 23 percent to help avoid potential liquidation.
Toyota targets hopes, dreams in new marketing and often humorous -- side today, as it launches an advertising and marketing push designed to appeal to buyers #39; personal aspirations.
Got \$190,000? Plan a holiday in space Richard Branson reinforced his reputation as an entrepreneurial showman on Monday by announcing a \$100m plan to send tourists into space.
Virgin enters online music selling business In spite of the reports in media that selling music online is not as profitable a deal, as it looks like, there is no shortage of the new entrants.
AT amp;T launches text-only wireless In a bid to hook younger consumers with a penchant for chatting via messaging, AT amp;T Wireless launched a wireless device Monday that can interconnect with the nation #39;s top messaging services.
Hearing to decide if gymnast Hamm will keep gold medal Paul Hamm traded his warm-up suit for a real suit Monday and shook hands with the man who wants to take away his gold medal. He then settled in for an 11 1/2 -hour hearing that will determine, once and for 
Grievance filed over suspension ARLINGTON, TEX. -- The baseball players #39; association filed a grievance yesterday seeking to overturn the Anaheim Angels #39; suspension of left-fielder Jose Guillen.
US Hails Capture, Killing of Al-Qaeda Suspects By Pak Forces Washington, Sept. 28 (NNN): The United States on Monday greatly welcomed as an  quot;important development quot; the capture and killing of several al-Qaeda terror network suspects by the Pakistan #39;s security forces 
Nikkei Falls to 6-Week Low (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.4 percent\to a six-week closing low on Tuesday, marking an eight-day\losing streak, after oil prices topped  #36;50 a barrel, fanning\concern over the business outlook for Japanese companies.
Yen Feels Heat as Oil Prices Hit Record  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen was feeling the heat on Tuesday  as oil prices scaled new record highs, underlining concerns  about Japan's dependence on imported oil.
Nikkei Falls to 6-Week Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.4 percent  to a six-week closing low on Tuesday, marking an eight-day  losing streak, after oil prices topped \$50 a barrel, fanning  concern over the business outlook for Japanese companies.
13th recipient of artificial heart dies The 13th patient to receive the world #39;s first fully implantable artificial heart died Sunday night after an unexpected malfunction in the device made by Abiomed Inc.
Billionaire #39;s latest venture said to be out of this world Sir Richard Branson, airline mogul and adventurer, announced plans yesterday to boldly go where no private transport company has gone before -- into space.
AROUND THE HORN: Bonds tested:  #39;It will clear my name #39; SAN FRANCISCO -- Barry Bonds hopes his random steroid test last week will remove suspicion that he uses performance-enhancing drugs.
Young unties it for Knotts; Tigers win The Tigers didn #39;t tear the cover off the ball Monday night. But compared to their previous two games -- both shutouts -- it was an offensive explosion.
Meet Palm, the phone operator PARIS On Tuesday, PalmSource, the maker of the Palm operating system for hand-held devices, is scheduled to announce its first operating system designed specifically for smart phones, mobile phones that allow you to not only make voice calls but also use 
Solving a Riddle Written in Silver Modern imaging techniques have revealed some new information about the earliest biblical passage ever found in ancient artifacts.
Nighttime, and Fevers Are Rising It is the body's internal chemicals and hormones that send diseases out to strut their stuff at night.
Moist Nose Shows Promise in Tracking Down Cancers British researchers have trained dogs to detect bladder cancer by sniffing human urine, opening up the possibility that dogs may one day be used to detect the disease.
This Pill Will Make You Feel Better, but We're Not Sure Why Despite objections from hospitals and the medical profession, doctors are prescribing placebos for all kinds of ailments.
Paleontologists Put Ancient Long-Necked Monster in Its Place Paleontologists have discovered a species of protorosaur, and they think the fossils hold the solution to the mystery of long-necked dinosaurs.
Southern Rebel Chief Garang Rejects Links to Darfur  LONDON (Reuters) - Southern Sudanese rebel chief John  Garang denied on Tuesday accusations by the Sudanese government  that he backed the uprising in Darfur in the west.
Football: Liverpool v Olympiakos Liverpool coach Rafael Benitez is wary of Olympiakos duo Giovanni and Rivaldo.
Lubbers set for new Darfur talks  The UN refugee chief is to have what could be stormy talks with Sudan officials after proposing autonomy for Darfur.
Singer being moved to French jail French rock star Bertrand Cantat, jailed in Lithuania for killing his lover, is going home to serve his sentence.
Pro-hunt demo at Labour gathering Thousands of angry pro-hunting protesters are to stage a rally at the Labour Party conference in Brighton.
Audit Finds Large FBI Translation Backlog WASHINGTON - Despite major increases in money and personnel, the FBI is still failing to translate many al-Qaida surveillance recordings in a timely manner and faces a giant backlog of untranslated material from terrorism and espionage investigations, a new Justice Department audit shows.    The report released Monday by Glenn A...
Industry reacts to Tech Pacific buy Resellers may feel the Ingram Micro acquisition of Tech Pacific in the pocket as their credit lines could be cut in half once the two firms join.
US Airways, two unions meet on proposed \$38 million cost cuts US Airways met with two unions yesterday to try to agree on concessions before an Oct. 7 hearing at which a bankruptcy judge may let the carrier temporarily reduce pay 23 percent to help avoid potential liquidation.
Joint bid for Adelphia? Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s largest media company, and Comcast Corp. said they are considering making a joint bid for bankrupt cable-television operator Adelphia Communications Corp.
Fannie Mae makes deal, but more probes due Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest mortgage buyer and a financial juggernaut that affects tens of millions of home buyers, agreed Monday to major changes in its accounting and management 
Harrah #39;s will sell E. Chicago riverboat Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc. and Caesars Entertainment Inc. will sell an East Chicago riverboat casino and three other gambling resorts for \$1.
Barge deal helped Enron stay afloat Row, row, row your barge gently up a creek / Merrill Lynch, Merrill Lynch, Merrill Lynch, Merrill Lynch / life is but a dream ... .. especially on Wall Street, where Merrill, the world #39;s largest securities 
Biotech industry eager for Finneran #39;s arrival He is quitting the Legislature for the top post at the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council, but that will not mean House speaker Tom Finneran will give up his suits and gavel for a lab coat and test tube.
Athletics Edge Mariners 6-5 (AP) AP - Bobby Crosby's sacrifice fly with one out in the ninth scored pinch-runner Esteban German with the winning run in the Oakland Athletics' 6-5 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Monday night.
PREPARE FOR LIFTOFF Business tycoon Richard Branson said yesterday he #39;s launching the world #39;s first passenger service to space in 2007. It will offer zero-gravity flights, lasting two to three hours, for a mere \$198,600.
Seattle team traces origin of ivory via elephant DNA map By analyzing elephant DNA, a research team led by Seattle scientists has discovered a way to trace the origins of ivory and help stem the poaching that still threatens the giant beasts across much of their habitat.
Warner secretary of technology to quit George C. Newstrom is quitting as Virginia #39;s secretary of technology, becoming the first departure from Gov. Mark R. Warner #39;s Cabinet.
How the runs scored Athletics first: Kotsay singled to right. Byrnes lined out to shortstop J.Lopez. Chavez singled to right, Kotsay to second. Durazo singled to right, Kotsay to third, Chavez to second.
Sox clinch playoff berth It didnt happen at Fenway Park this year, though it was hard to believe the Red Sox werent the home team on Monday night. The 
Notebook: Gannon to miss 8 weeks as injury wave continues The league #39;s injury epidemic didn #39;t pause last weekend, with Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon breaking a vertebra in his neck Sunday that will sideline him for eight weeks.
AL notebook: Union hopes to get Guillen ruling reversed The players #39; association filed a grievance yesterday seeking to overturn the Anaheim Angels #39; suspension of left fielder Jose Guillen.
Expos #39; move to DC appears imminent Signaling for the first time publicly that he might be persuaded to drop his opposition to a team in Washington, DC, Orioles owner Peter Angelos said he could go along if a deal is struck to protect his franchise and Maryland #39;s investment in Oriole Park 
BCCI questions Zee #39;s petition The BCCI today questioned in the Supreme Court the maintainability of the writ petition filed by Zee Telefilms challenging cancellation of the exclusive telecast rights of domestic cricket for the next four years granted by the former to the latter.
Airport wall collapse kills eight workers A huge wall collapsed at an unfinished terminal at Dubai airport yesterday, killing at least eight workers and injuring more. Workers saw up to 40 casualties being taken away.
Japanese prime minister reshuffles cabinet Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his cabinet yesterday, replacing several top ministers in an effort to boost his popularity, consolidate political support and quicken the pace of reforms in the world #39;s second-largest economy.
Blair prepares crucial party speech Tony Blair faces one of the trickiest speeches of his career today, seeking to win back his Labour party after rifts over Iraq and spell out new policies to set up next year #39;s re-election bid.
NL Wrap: Cubs Pound Reds to Retain Wild Card Lead (Reuters) Reuters - Todd Walker homered, had three hits\and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 12-5 win\over the Cincinnati Reds in National League play at Wrigley\Field on Monday.
German retail giant in shake-up Loss-making German department store giant Karstadtquelle plans a major shake-up to try to haul itself back into profit, amid rumours of thousands of job cuts.
Challenge over Enron extradition Three former bankers are due in court to face an extradition hearing in connection with the collapsed energy giant Enron.
Pensions grounded? First it was the steel industry, now it's the airlines. United Airlines and US Airways Group Inc. , both in bankruptcy protection, have warned they might terminate employee pension plans in a bid to survive. Delta Air Lines Inc. may also file for bankruptcy.
A highflier laid low Here is the fundamental question investors ask about individual companies and their stocks every day: What's this business really worth?
For Mass. biotech, a boost in stature The Massachusetts Biotechnology Council's recent track record on Beacon Hill is the envy of most other industry lobbies. On issues from blocking drug price-control efforts to state funding for job training, the council has successfully persuaded the Democrat-controlled Legislature and Republican Governor Mitt Romney to vote its way.
States face Medicare drug price handicap Some states are paying far higher prices than others for prescription drugs under the Medicaid program, but data that would help them get a better deal are kept confidential by the federal government, a new report says.
13th recipient of artificial heart dies The 13th patient to receive the world's first fully implantable artificial heart died Sunday night after an unexpected malfunction in the device made by Abiomed Inc. of Danvers, company officials said yesterday.
US probes French bank's role in monitoring program NEW YORK -- Congressional investigators examining  quot;a semitrailer truck load quot; of subpoenaed documents are trying to determine whether lax monitoring at a French bank that held more than \$60 billion for the UN oil-for-food program facilitated illicit business deals by the former Iraqi government, officials told The Associated Press.
Rates rise on T-bills Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities rose in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.710 percent, up from 1.685 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 1.950 percent, up from 1.870 percent.
Antispam effort dealt setback A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
Testa Hurwitz names managing partner The Boston law firm Testa, Hurwitz  amp; Thibeault yesterday named F. George Davitt its managing partner.
Dow closes under 10,000 on oil fears The blue-chip Dow Jones average closed below 10,000 for the first time in six weeks on Monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly USD50 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits.
Gucci earnings surge as YSL cuts losses Luxury goods maker Gucci saw operating profit more than double in the second quarter thanks to higher sales and lower losses from its Yves Saint Laurent brand, its owner French retailer Pinault Printemps Redoute says.
Patient dies as mechanical heart fails A man who lived for 147 days on a mechanical heart made by Danvers-based Abiomed Inc. died because of complications related to the device, officials said yesterday.
Bio council hopes prez is good cell He #39;s a high-profile figure with national contacts and an unrivaled understanding of how to move the Legislature. That #39;s why the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council overlooked his opposition on stem-cell research 
Officials: Might Be Time to Lift Ban on Hospital Cell Calls (Munster) - Some health officials in northwest Indiana say it might be time for hospitals to lift bans on cellphone calls. They say research that shows the phones don #39;t interfere with medical equipment.
Plunkings strike a sour note They may never be mistaken for the boys from the Bronx as Boston #39;s archrivals. But the Devil Rays picked up last night where the Yankees 
** For the latest news, please refresh this page regularly ** Undisputed middleweight king Bernard  quot;The Executioner quot; Hopkins told Boxingtalk.com,  quot;It #39;s Sunday evening and I just got back home, we just finished helping Frank Cappucino.
Yankees, Twins ready to start head games Its risky to call a series in late September that neither team really has to win a playoff preview. Just the same, the three-game series between the Twins and Yankees that concludes Thursday is as compelling as such series get.
One terabyte optical disk developed BOFFINS AND boffinettes at Imperial College London are developing a new optical disk that can store a terabyte of data. The Multiplexed Optical Data Storage (Mods)technology is expected to be released towards 
Apple offers fix for PowerBook white spots Apple has announced a programme to repair certain 15in PowerBooks whose screens have been found to show faint white spots. The 15in PowerBook G4 Display Repair Extension Program will provide free repairs for 
CNN #39;S MAN KIDNAPPED An Arab-Israeli television producer for CNN was abducted at gunpoint by a group of Palestinians yesterday after being pulled from a network van in Gaza City.
US envoy criticizes  #39;forces of the past #39; US Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad, speaking less than two weeks before historic elections, denounced Afghanistan #39;s warlords yesterday as  quot;forces of the past quot; and said they must either reform or face imprisonment.
Airlines take a hit on fuel MONTREAL -- Despite a jump of 19 in world air traffic so far this year, airlines are expected to lose as much as \$4 billion US in 2004 due to high fuel costs, says the International Air Transport Association.
Microsoft #39;s Softer Tune with the EC Microsoft #39;s day in court -- this time, Europe #39;s Court of First Instance in Luxembourg -- doesn #39;t come until Sept. 30. But the software giant is already on the offensive, holding court of its own with a Sept.
Artificial heart recipient dies after 147 days New Albany -- An Indiana man who lived with an artificial heart for 147 days has died, the heart manufacturer said Monday. Abiomed Inc.
Someone must stop this deal If ever a global takeover deserves to be shot down by Ottawa, the China Minmetals senseless plan to play games of global Monopoly with Noranda Inc.
P amp;O to axe up to 1,200 jobs P amp;O says it will cut up to 1,200 jobs and slash services as part of a review to reduce costs at its loss-making ferries business.
St. Helens climbers ordered to lie low The risk of a volcanic explosion or related landslide on Mount St. Helens has prompted the mountain #39;s managers to keep climbers off the 8,363-foot peak and close some hiking trails while scientists assess the danger.
Secure Flight Takes Flight: Its About Time D., and Alane Kochems. The Department of Homeland security has announced a new program, Secure Flight, designed to screen flight passenger data and flag possible terrorists before they board an airplane.
Microsoft charges for Hotmail Outlook access SPAM FIGHTING super hero software behemoth Microsoft has come up with a wizard way of stopping those who send spam from its free Hotmail accounts.
Warner offers sales pitch for state NORFOLK -- Gov. Mark Warner used his time in front of an audience of high-powered decision-makers at the commonwealth #39;s annual tech conference Monday to pitch Virginia as a technology-savvy state.
I keep seeing spots on my Apple APPLE IS EXTENDING its warranty for Titanium and Aluminum 15-inch PowerBook G4 screens after users have started seeing spots before their eyes.
Same old song LANDOVER, Md. -- The past took center stage Monday night at Fed-Ex Field, and the feel of history was almost palpable. But when push came to shove, it wasn #39;t really the kind of history that the Washington 
Neck injury sidelines Raiders QB The 2002 NFL MVP has a broken vertebra in his neck that will sideline him at least eight weeks. Coach Norv Turner didn #39;t believe Gannon was at risk for paralysis and said the quarterback was walking around 
Kazmir #39;s a kid with plenty of moxie ST. PETERSBURG - The fastball was directed at Manny Ramirez #39;s left knee. Make no mistake about it. The pitch didn #39;t get away from Scott Kazmir.
Beltre #39;s slam helps Dodgers open three-game lead The Los Angeles Dodgers are closing in on their first playoff berth in eight years, and they #39;re not about to leave their chances to fate.
SI.com ARLINGTON, Texas (Ticker) -- Chone Figgins gave the Anaheim Angels a huge lift in the tight American League West Division race. Figgins tripled and scored in the eighth inning and Bartolo Colon allowed three 
A #39;s maintain one-game lead with ninth-inning win After Barry Zito gave up a tying three-run homer to Willie Bloomquist, the Oakland Athletics bounced back and maintained their one-game lead over Anaheim in the AL West.
Gill: Bring back old format Manchester United chief executive David Gill has called for the Champions League second group stage to be restored. Old Trafford boss Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger were among the 
NK Says Fuel Rods Have Been Turned into Weapons North Korea has made another strong statement about its nuclear capability. At the United Nations on Monday, a North Korean minister said his country had made arms from reprocessed nuclear fuel rods.
Carson man charged with Iraqi #39;s murder Two US soldiers, including one from Carson, have been charged with murder in the death of an Iraqi civilian, the 1st Cavalry Division announced Monday.
Virgin #39;s Branson to offer commercial space flights This week, Sir Richard Branson announced his new company, Virgin Galactic, has the rights to the first commercial flights into space.
Volcano puzzles scientists SEATTLE -- Small earthquakes at the rate of one or two a minute yesterday had seismologists keeping a close watch on Mount St. Helens.
Secure Flight Program Moves To Test Phase The Transportation Security Administration last week moved forward with plans to test its new Secure Flight passenger-screening system.
Jordan's King: Iraq Elections Impossible (AP) AP - The Jordanian monarch said in an interview published Tuesday that elections in Iraq are impossible in the current chaos and that he sees no chances of improvement in the short term.
Ichiro draws media crowd OAKLAND - The Seattle Mariners won #39;t get to the postseason this year, but they #39;re being covered as if they #39;re already there.
American Forces Bomb Site in Fallujah (AP) AP - American forces bombed a site in the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah early Tuesday where several militants loyal to terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi were believed to be holed up, the U.S. military said.
Israelis and Palestinians seek release of kidnapped journalist JERUSALEM - Israel and the Palestinian Authority were engaged in intensive efforts Tuesday morning to secure the release of an Israeli Druze employee of CNN who was kidnapped by masked men in Gaza City.
Palestinian killed by Israeli fire in West Bank JENIN, West Bank - Israeli troops shot dead a mentally-ill Palestinian in the West Bank town of Jenin early on Tuesday, Palestinian security sources said.
Lubbers set for new Darfur talks UN refugee commissioner Ruud Lubbers is due to meet top Sudanese officials on Tuesday to discuss what the UN calls the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.
Flood of New Voters Signing Up (AP) AP - New voters are flooding local election offices with paperwork, registering in significantly higher numbers than four years ago as attention to the presidential election runs high and an array of activist groups recruit would-be voters who could prove critical come Nov. 2.
Saudi Militants Switch from Suicide to Hit-And-Run  RIYADH (Reuters) - After a series of spectacular suicide  attacks, militants in Saudi Arabia are now launching isolated  hit-and-run shootings of Westerners, posing fresh problems for  security forces in the world's main oil exporter.
Blair Delivers Crucial Party Speech Under Iraq Cloud  BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair faces  one of the trickiest speeches of his career on Tuesday, seeking  to win back his Labour Party after rifts over Iraq and spell  out new policies to set up next year's re-election bid.
Jackson's father 'fine' after op Michael Jackson's father, Joseph, is released from hospital after surgery to fix two bleeding stomach ulcers.
Israeli strikes kill 7 Palestinians JERUSALEM -- Israelis killed seven Palestinians in attacks yesterday, including a Gaza airstrike that killed one militant and wounded a militia commander, who vowed revenge from his hospital bed.
To have and have not published ROME -- A bullfight, an act of bravado, a brush with death. A newly discovered story by a young Ernest Hemingway has all the elements to delight fans and scholars -- but it can't be published.
Warloads will hijack Afghan vote, group says KABUL, Afghanistan -- Elections heralded as the dawn of democracy in war-ravaged Afghanistan will be hijacked by warlords able to intimidate voters and candidates to entrench their own power, a leading rights group warned today.
Pakistan arrests 4 after raid that killed Al Qaeda fugitive KARACHI -- Security forces following up on a raid that killed a top Al Qaeda fugitive arrested four more suspected extremists yesterday, and Pakistan's president predicted the investigation would lead to more high-profile militants.
Japan's leader shakes up Cabinet TOKYO -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his Cabinet yesterday, replacing several top ministers in an effort to boost his popularity, consolidate political support, and quicken the pace of reforms in the world's second largest economy.
P amp;O to axe routes, 1,200 jobs LONDON, England -- European shipping giant P amp;O is to close four of its 13 ferry routes with the loss of about 1,200 jobs, the company announced.
EU Court Overturns Bar on Merger The European Commission was wrong to bar the takeover bid by US telecoms firm WorldCom for rival Sprint, a European Union court said on Tuesday, annulling the action taken four years ago.
Testaverde keeps answering age-old questions LANDOVER, Md. - Dallas quarterback Vinny Testaverde dropped back to pass and let a deep ball fly down the left sideline. Washington cornerback Fred Smoot stayed with Cowboys wide receiver Antonio Bryant step for step.
Football sites are set The MIAA Football Committee yesterday announced the sites that will host postseason football contests. There will be six doubleheaders Tuesday, Nov. 30 at Curry College 
Defense removing push to seal Bryant case evidence Kobe Bryant #39;s attorneys abruptly dropped a bid to seal evidence in the NBA star #39;s rape case Monday, saying the details will be leaked anyway and releasing all the documents would reveal 
Huge Diamond Heist at the Louvre Museum in Paris Two diamonds together worth over 11 million euros (\$13.53 million) disappeared from an antique dealers #39; show at the Paris Louvre museum on Monday in an apparent mid-afternoon robbery.
Woods Eyes Fourth Title After Singh's Withdrawal  LONDON (Reuters) - Three-times winner Tiger Woods bids for  a third successive title at this week's WGC-American Express  Championship in Kilkenny, Ireland.
Sharapova Cruises Past Gagliardi in Korea Open  SEOUL (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  crushed Switzerland's Emmanuelle Gagliardi 6-1, 6-3, in the  first round of the Hansol Korea Open WTA event on Tuesday.
Berth announcement The wackiest bunch of barnstormers in 21st century baseball, the renegade Red Sox, last night played their way into the postseason promised land amid the adulation of a traveling band of fans, none more striking than a flock of bearded, white-robed disciples.
Win or lose, Red Sox are decisively a draw Red Sox plus Yankees equals big TV ratings in both Boston and New York. Friday night's series opener at Fenway Park earned a 21.6 rating (35 audience share), the best number a Channel 38 Red Sox telecast has earned during  quot;the modern era quot; of cable.
Angels, A's keep the pace Chone Figgins and Troy Percival saved the Anaheim Angels, and gave them a little boost in the West race.
Plunkings strike a sour note They may never be mistaken for the boys from the Bronx as Boston's archrivals. But the Devil Rays picked up last night where the Yankees left off Sunday, squaring off with the Red Sox in an incident that emptied both dugouts and bullpens before Terry Francona's crew celebrated the clinching of a playoff spot.
AL notables Joe Crede is Chicago's sixth player with 20 homers, a franchise record. The other White Sox with 20 or more homers are Paul Konerko (40), Carlos Lee (29), Jose Valentin (29), Aaron Rowand (22), and Juan Uribe (21).
Bonds takes a steroid test Barry Bonds hopes his random steroid test last week will remove suspicion that he uses performance-enhancing drugs.
The out pattern persists The NFL injury epidemic didn't pause this weekend, with Rich Gannon breaking a vertebra in his neck that will sideline him for eight weeks, and Rex Grossman and Charlie Garner out for the season.
Sun stay alive with a win over Mystics The Connecticut Sun got a wake-up call Saturday when then were defeated by the Washington Mystics in the first game of their best-of-three WNBA Eastern Conference semifinal series.
Taurasi named WNBA's top rookie Diana Taurasi has another award to add to her trophy case. The Phoenix Mercury guard was the runaway winner yesterday as the WNBA Rookie of the Year. Taurasi, who led the University of Connecticut to three successive NCAA championships, became the second No. 1 overall draft pick to win the award, joining Washington's Chamique Holdsclaw (1999). Taurasi was fourth in ...
BU to induct four into Hall Hockey star David Sacco, a two-time first-team All-American and a finalist for the 1993 Hobey Baker Award, leads the list of four former Boston University athletes who will be inducted into the school's Hall of Fame Oct. 9.
BC, Maine: Chosen two The Boston College and University of Maine men's hockey teams made up half of last season's Frozen Four, and at least in the pollsters' eyes, they're good bets to make it back there.
Not looking down at UMass The game came about because both sides had wants and needs. Boston College wanted a fifth home game; the University of Massachusetts needed to pump revenue into its cash-strapped football program.
Staying on top of things Acton-Boxboro's girls' soccer team didn't wait long to set the tone. Less than two minutes into its 3-0 upset of No. 2 Lincoln-Sudbury yesterday, sophomore Natalie Crutchfield controlled a cross from Caitlin Berry and found the back of the net.
Mobile graphics look to impress Graphics card giants ATI and Nvidia are working on new chips to improve the quality of mobile displays.
Claranet signs latest ISP deal In the latest of a flurry of deals among net providers, Claranet buys the UK wing of US business Via.Net Works.
EU Court Overturns Bar on Merger (Reuters) Reuters - The European Commission was wrong to\bar the takeover bid by U.S. telecoms firm WorldCom for rival\Sprint, a European Union court said on Tuesday, annulling the\action taken four years ago.
Finance chiefs see brighter world economy, but storm clouds loom (AFP) AFP - World finance chiefs meeting in Washington this week will express satisfaction with a rebounding global economy, but also highlight risks from surging oil prices, turmoil in Iraq and other factors.
KarstadtQuelle to sell 77 department stores, waive 2004, 2005 dividends (AFP) AFP - KarstadtQuelle, Europe's leading department store operator, said it planned to sell  quot;as quickly as possible quot; 77 of its 181 department stores around the country as part of a massive restructuring programme aimed at pulling it out of its current financial crisis.
Oil Charges to \$50.47 Record  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices soared to a new record  above \$50 on Tuesday as uncertainties over Nigerian output  heightened worries of a severe supply disruption ahead of  winter.
EU Court Overturns Bar on Merger  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - The European Commission was wrong to  bar the takeover bid by U.S. telecoms firm WorldCom for rival  Sprint, a European Union court said on Tuesday, annulling the  action taken four years ago.
The Human Element: Record and Promote Your Own Music Skip those large music companies that don't care about your music. Doing it yourself is easier and more affordable than ever.
Toyota Hopes to Continue  #39;Moving Forward #39; Toyota Motor Corp., which has been telling consumers to  quot;Get the Feeling quot; in its advertising since 2001, will begin urging them to keep  quot;Moving Forward quot; on Tuesday, part of the Japanese automaker #39;s ongoing effort to  quot;reinvent quot; itself.
New boss rules Nortel marketing Nortel Networks Corp., tarnished by an accounting scandal, has hired a new marketing boss to polish its faded global image. The Brampton-based telecom equipment maker appointed Clent Richardson, 43, as its 
Olympus Introduces D-590 Zoom Camera and 1GB XD Picture Card Company also announces the Evolt E-300 Digital SLR and three new lenses.
Williamson on playoff bubble The veteran relief pitcher was told by manager Terry Francona and pitching coach Dave Wallace prior to last night #39;s game against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays stats, schedule 
Tick, tock: Clock #39;s running on Coughlin #39;s methods I want to understand what it #39;s like to play for Tom Coughlin. So I file this column at 5:30 pm Friday -- 28 hours before deadline -- and the Times Union fines me 63 cents for writing in my home office in boxer 
The Nation in Brief DENVER - Attorneys for Kobe Bryant have dropped their fight to seal investigative files compiled as part of the rape case against the NBA star but insist prosecutors open all records, including those that may clear their client.
Two more US soldiers charged with murder Staff Sgt. Johnny Horne Jr. and Staff Sgt. Cardenas Alban, both from Company C, 1st Battalion, 41st Infantry Regiment from Fort Riley, Kan, are being charge with murder.
Crude oil pushes past \$50 a barrel The price of crude oil surged above \$50 a barrel in after-hours trading yesterday, raising fears of an economic slowdown and higher prices at the gas pump.
P amp;O Cuts Ferry Routes, Scraps 1,200 Jobs Shipping giant P amp;O said Tuesday it was scrapping four of its 13 routes across the English Channel, with the loss of about 1,200 jobs.
Accounting inquiry raises questions but now it may need a complete remodeling. Formally known as the Federal National Mortgage Association, the federally chartered company 
Video disks ditch binary storage Why count in binary when you can use hundreds of different digits at once? That #39;s the principle that has allowed British physicists to develop a video disk that stores far more data than has ever been possible before.
NASA: Jeanne Caused Little Damage, but Shuttle Work More Behind NASA says Hurricane Jeanne caused minimal damage to the Kennedy Space Center. But the storm put space shuttle workers even further behind in their effort to resume.
Sox go wild, clinch date with playoffs: Rout of Devil Rays kicks &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After discovering that the magic number formula had played tricks on them, the Red Sox stats, schedule went out last night and defeated the Tampa Bay Devil Rays stats 
Halos did right thing by taking hard line  The Angels are applauded for making a stand, for sending a message, for demonstrating there are consequences when a player refuses to play the game the way it should be played.
Pakistan officials tout victory Pakistani officials declared an important victory against al-Qaida yesterday after police shot dead Amjad Farooqi, who was suspected of roles in the execution of Wall 
WHERE THEY STAND ON The Mideast Second in a series leading up to this weeks presidential debate, which is to focus on foreign policy. The grinding conflict between Israel and the Palestinians is the foreign policy equivalent of a black hole.
World oil prices hit new highs Astana - London, September 28. KAZINFORM quotes BBC source. - World oil prices broke fresh records on Monday, with US light crude poised to break through the \$50 a barrel mark, and Brent crude topping \$46 in London.
EU ruling on WorldCom this week BRUSSELS: A European Union court is set to rule this week on a \$120 billion deal MCI-WorldCom made during the height of the go-go years that still resonates today.
DNA Map to Help Combat Ivory Poaching The latest weapon to protect dwindling elephant populations from poachers is a genetic map which can trace the origins of ivory, it emerged today.
DVDs  #39;could hold 100 times more #39; Imperial College London researchers in the UK are developing a new way of storing data that could lead to discs capable of holding 1,000 gigabytes.
IBM in Major RFID Expansion IBM (Quote, Chart) said it would spend a quarter of a billion dollars over the next year and a half to grow its RFID (define) business.
Major League Baseball News com. The Chicago Cubs opened a one-game lead in the National League Wild Card standings with a 12-5 victory Monday night over the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field.
Falluja takes more US hits At least four people have been killed in the latest US onslaught on the Iraqi city of Falluja overnight. Ten others were injured on Tuesday as US warplanes again bombed Falluja, targeting the area of al-Askari 
Virgin Mobile sees earnings improvement Richard Branson #39;s mobile phone group, which was listed in July, said first-half margins would be well ahead of last year and it expected capital expenditure, as a percentage of revenue, to be below 4pc in the first half and at a similar level for the full 
Fun for one, fun for all After spending a rotten weekend in the Big Apple, one that left them with frayed nerves and short tempers, the Cubs were in dire need of a laugher upon their return to Wrigley Field.
Virgin Enters Online Music Business (TechWeb) TechWeb - Virgin Group Ltd. on Monday launched its online music store, pitting the retailer best known for its music  quot;megastores quot; with tech companies such as Apple Computer Inc., which operates the most popular digital music service.
DVDs could hold '100 times more' Researchers in London are developing DVDs that could hold 100 times more data than current discs.
Palestinians Hunt for Kidnapped CNN Producer (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian security forces were on\Tuesday searching for an Israeli Arab producer for CNN\television who was kidnapped by gunmen in the Gaza Strip.
Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian in West Bank Raid (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead an\unarmed mentally handicapped Palestinian during a raid on\Tuesday on a West Bank refugee camp on the fourth anniversary\of a Palestinian uprising.
Moscow Police Hold Chechens for U.S. Reporter Murder (Reuters) Reuters - Moscow police have arrested two Chechens\they suspect of involvement in the murder of an American\journalist who wrote about Russia's richest people and had also\written a book on war and crime in Chechnya.
U.S. Jets Pound Militant Positions in Iraq (AP) AP - Two car bombs killed seven Iraqi national guardsmen and a rocket barrage hit a police academy Monday as insurgents kept up their offensive to subdue Iraq's beleaguered security forces. U.S. jets pounded suspected militant positions in a Baghdad slum.
Straw shook hand of Zimbabwe's Mugabe 'by mistake' (AFP) AFP - Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said he shook hands with Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe in New York last week  quot;by mistake quot; and because it was  quot;dark quot;.
Boyfriend of slain backpacker relates last conversation (AFP) AFP - A British backpacker slain in Australia called her boyfriend an hour before her death and sounded happy, a court heard.
Congresswoman demands probe of alleged coercion by US Army recruiters (AFP) AFP - A member of the US House of Representatives has demanded a full congressional investigation of allegations that the all-volunteer US Army was trying to coerce soldiers at the end of their contracts to re-enlist, threatening them with tours of duty in Iraq if they refused.
Palestinians Hunt for Kidnapped CNN Producer  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian security forces were on  Tuesday searching for an Israeli Arab producer for CNN  television who was kidnapped by gunmen in the Gaza Strip.
Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian in West Bank Raid  JENIN, West Bank (Reuters) - Israeli troops shot dead an  unarmed mentally handicapped Palestinian during a raid on  Tuesday on a West Bank refugee camp on the fourth anniversary  of a Palestinian uprising.
Oil prices breach \$50 US a barrel TORONTO - Crude oil prices hit an all-time high Tuesday, pushing past the psychological barrier of \$50 US per barrel during Asian trading.
Stormy Economic Waters for Ferry Firm P amp;Os cutbacks announced today are the result of the waves of troubles that have swamped the ferry industry of late. Some would say the company has done well to weather the storms for as long as it has.
P amp;O to Cut 1,200 Jobs to Stem Losses at Ferry Unit (Update2) Peninsular  amp; Oriental Steam Navigation Co., the UK #39;s largest ferry and ports operator, will trim its ferries fleet and cut 1,200 jobs, or a fifth of the unit #39;s workforce, to stem losses.
Cements Citi power as CFO Citigroup named Sallie Krawcheck, currently head of Smith Barney, as chief financial officer and head of strategy - cementing her position as the most powerful woman on Wall Street.
Branson #39;s space dream Sir Richard Branson may want to send people into space, but first he #39;ll have to grasp how to get his Virgin trains to arrive and leave anywhere on time.
Virgin group to launch US online music service New York, September 28: British tycoon Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group has said it was jumping into the market for online music, with a  quot;digital megastore quot; offering US customers song downloads for 99 cents.
Baseball: Boston clinches fourth playoff berth since 1998 ST. PETERSBURG, United States : Manny Ramirez hit a two run home run in the fifth inning and Johnny Damon added a three run homer as the Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight post-season berth with a 7-3 win over Tampa.
Jackson leads Storm #39;s advance STORM 64, LYNX 54: At Seattle - Lauren Jackson scored 18 points and Seattle advanced to the Western Conference finals with a victory over Minnesota on Monday night.
Ichiro keeps swinging closer to MLB hit record OAKLANDIchiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners went 1for4 in last night #39;s 6-5 loss to the Oakland Athletics, pulling within five hits of Major League Baseball #39;s single-season record.
D-Backs support Unit #39;s Cy Young cause Randy Johnson got the support Monday night that has deserted him and Milwaukee #39;s Ben Sheets throughout this season. Johnson made the most of three runs in the first three innings, raising his record above 
Two UK troops killed in Iraq ambush Two British soldiers have been killed following an ambush on a convoy near the southern Iraqi city of Basra on Tuesday morning, a Ministry of Defence spokesman said.
N Korea warns on nuclear rods North Korea has said it has turned plutonium from 8,000 spent fuel rods into nuclear weapons. Speaking at the UN General Assembly, Vice Foreign Minister Choe Su-hon said the weapons were needed for  quot;self-defence quot; against  quot;US nuclear threat quot;.
ENGLAND STARS SET FOR REAL STRUGGLE DAVID BECKHAM and Michael Owen could miss Real Madrid #39;s Champions League clash with Roma tonight as their Bernabeu nightmare goes from bad to worse.
SI.com LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers  #39; hold on the National League West Division lead got a little more secure thanks to Milton Bradley .
AUTO RACING: IRL, Champ raise a lot of questions Surfers Paradise and Mexico -- remaining on the Champ Car circuit this year, is the former bastion of American open-wheel racing finally out of gas?
Two British troops killed in Iraq Two British soldiers have been shot dead in an ambush near Basra, southern Iraq, the Ministry of Defence has said. They had been trying to rescue the passengers in an armoured Land Rover hit by a rocket propelled grenade.
Israeli troops kill Jenin curfew breaker Israeli troops have shot dead a mentally-ill Palestinian in the West Bank town of Jenin, Palestinian security sources say. The sources say Saleh Ilalou, 47, was hit in the stomach by troops who saw him outside 
UPDATE: BHP Flags Iron Ore Increase After China Deal PERTH (Dow Jones)--Having secured Chinese iron ore sales worth US\$12.2 billion, Australia-based global miner BHP Billiton Ltd. (BHP) said Tuesday that a further aggressive 
P amp;O to axe up to 1,200 jobs P amp;O is to cut up to 1,200 jobs and slash services in a plan to salvage its loss-making ferry business, which has been hit by competition from low-cost airlines.
PalmSource unveils smartphone operating system PalmSource has completed development of Palm Cobalt, the first version of its handheld operating system designed specifically for smartphones.
St. Helens #39; activity grows Experts say the recent surge of quakes means a steam explosion or eruption is possible. By Lukas Velush. The size and frequency of more than 2,000 tiny earthquakes that have hit Mount St.
Garcia Remon receives Perez #39;s vote of confidence Real Madrid president Florentino Perez said new coach Mariano Garcia Remon will be allowed time to make his presence felt and was under no pressure to obtain instant success.
Parcells wins veteran clash Bill Parcells #39; Dallas Cowboys beat the Joe Gibbs-coached Washington Redskins 21-18 in a classic encounter on Monday. Terry Glenn scored the winning touchdown early in the fourth quarter.
Turkish delight for Rooney Manchester - Wayne Rooney, the 18-year-old who broke the Manchester United bank, was set to start repaying Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s 27-million-pound investment against Turkish side Fenerbahce in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian in West Bank Raid Israeli troops shot dead an unarmed mentally handicapped Palestinian during a raid on Tuesday on a West Bank refugee camp on the fourth anniversary of a Palestinian uprising.
Dreamworks Files for IPO with SEC  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer animation company Dreamworks  SKG has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  for a \$650 million initial public offering, applying to list on  the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "DWA."
Booming Ireland sees population swell to 130-year high (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Ireland's population has climbed above the 4 million mark for the first time since the 19th Century, when famine and widespread economic hardship triggered a vast wave of immigration to the United States.
August home sales rise WASHINGTON  #151; Sales of new homes rose by 9.4 percent in August, the Commerce Department said yesterday, as mortgage interest rates remained at low enough levels to continue enticing buyers worried about future rate increases.
Time Warner, Comcast eye joint bid for Adelphia Time Warner Inc., the world #146;s largest media company, and Comcast Corp. said they are considering making a joint bid for bankrupt cable-television operator Adelphia Communications Corp.
Crude prices set N.Y. record WASHINGTON  #151; Oil prices charged toward \$50 a barrel yesterday, and gasoline prices surged to \$1.92 a gallon last week, as petroleum output in the Gulf of Mexico returns at a slower-than-expected rate after Hurricane Ivan, and geopolitical unrest keeps traders on edge.
Airline says it may liquidate ALEXANDRIA, Va.  #151; US Airways Group Inc. warned in a bankruptcy court filing that it may have to liquidate by February if a judge does not impose a temporary 23 percent pay cut on its union workers.
Airlines expected to lose \$4 billion MONTREAL -- Despite a jump of 19 per cent in world air traffic so far this year, airlines are expected to lose as much as \$4 billion US in 2004 due to high fuel costs, says the International Air Transport Association.
EC  #39;supports special interests of rivals #39; - Microsoft Microsoft will argue that the market for media players is much more varied than the European Commission claims when the two meet in court at the end of the week.
Tick for special offers/news from GQ.COM and partners Virgin Airlines has outclassed its counterparts once again by announcing that, by 2006, passengers will be able to travel to space aboard the Virgin Galactic spaceship.
St. Helens Quakes Could Lead To  #39;Hazardous Event #39; SEATTLE - Seismologists believe there #39;s an increased likelihood of a  quot;hazardous event quot; at Mount St. Helens due to recent changes in the mountain #39;s seismic activity.
GAO Says Offshoring Could Stymie Tech Job Growth SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - A new government report indicates that offshore outsourcing could hurt IT employment growth over the next decade.
Security leaders get bigger Consolidation in the security sector continued last week as three firms planned a merger to form a new security giant offering global services.
We are ready for United - Rustu Fenerbahce are adamant they can blunt Manchester United #39;s attacking threat in the Champions League clash on Tuesday night. Wayne Rooney is likely to link up with Ruud van Nistelrooy and Alan Smith at some 
Jordanian King Says Iraqi Elections Impossible Now 28 September 2004 -- Jordanian King Abdullah II said in an interview today that elections in Iraq are  quot;impossible quot; amid the continuing insecurity.
Gene test to track illegal ivory A genetic test that can determine the origin of ivory could help combat the illegal trade in elephant tusks and their products.
Dolly scientists' human clone bid The scientists who cloned Dolly the sheep apply to use cloned human embryos to study motor neurone disease.
Bankers fight Enron extradition Three former NatWest bankers are due in a UK court to face an extradition hearing in connection with the collapsed energy giant Enron.
O'Brien to Take Over for Leno in 5 Years NEW YORK - Jay Leno's takeover as host of NBC's "Tonight" show in 1992 was fraught with drama and bad feelings, but he's assured the next transition will be as smooth as his nightly sign-off: "Stay tuned for Conan."   The comedian and NBC on Monday chose the 50th anniversary of the first "Tonight" show to set a special date for the 55th - when Leno will step down and Conan O'Brien becomes the fifth host of the television institution.    Announcing a transition in five years is odd for any business, let alone one that frequently plans from day-to-day, but NBC was anxious not to lose O'Brien...
Crude Oil Prices Breaches \$50 Per Barrel SINGAPORE - Crude oil topped \$50 per barrel during Asian trading on Tuesday, pushing past the psychological milestone for the first time then surging further to new record levels likely to unsettle oil-consuming nations.    Traders bid oil to new highs in after-hours trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange in a reaction to the slow recovery of U.S...
Palestinian Police Search for CNN Producer GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Palestinian police were searching Tuesday for an Israeli Arab producer for the TV network CNN kidnapped at gunpoint on a busy Gaza City street, and the network joined journalists' associations in demanding his immediate release.    In the West Bank, troops shot dead a Palestinian in the Jenin refugee camp overnight, local hospital staff said...
Flood of New Voters Signing Up New voters are flooding local election offices with paperwork, registering in significantly higher numbers than four years ago as attention to the presidential election runs high and an array of activist groups recruit would-be voters who could prove critical come Nov. 2...
Citigroup Job Changes May Be Dress Rehearsal for Top Post in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Citigroup said yesterday that Sallie L. Krawcheck, the former equity analyst recruited to the bank to clean up its research department, would become its chief financial officer.
AT amp;T Release Ogo AT amp;T have finally released their Ogo handset. The US\$130 (106) device is designed to do one thing well - messaging. The Ogo allows subscribers to send emails, instant messages and text messages, and that #39;s 
Windows XP: to Russia with Love Russia is the fourth nation to participate in Microsoft Corp #39;s Windows XP Starter Edition pilot program, for first-time PC users in developing technology markets.
A #39;s rally in ninth to stay on top Bobby Crosby was confident he could get the job done as he approached the plate with the bases loaded in the bottom of the ninth inning on Monday night.
Sharapova wins easily in first round of Korea Open Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat Emmanuelle Gagliardi 6-1, 6-3 in the first round of the Hansol Korea Open on Tuesday. In other first-round matches, American Abigail Spears defeated Lenka Nemeckov, 6 
Harrington fires back in response to Siragusa #39;s comments Tony Siragusa is right: Joey Harrington isn #39;t his kind of guy. But being a Siragusa kind of guy was never high on Harrington #39;s priority list anyway.
Thailand Confirms 10th Bird Flu Death BANGKOK, Thailand Sept. 28, 2004 - A woman who died earlier this month of bird flu probably got the disease from her daughter, a Thai official said Tuesday, increasing concern the case is the first known human-to-human transmission of the disease.
Arafat orders release of kidnapped CNN producer Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has ordered his security services to help secure the release of a CNN producer kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Gaza.
Ten killed in US air strike, bombing in Iraq MOSUL (Iraq): Two people were killed and five wounded Monday when a car bomb hit an Iraqi national guard patrol in the northern city of Mosul, security and medical sources said.
Beltre Helps Lift Dodgers Past Rockies (AP) AP - The Los Angeles Dodgers are closing in on their first playoff berth in eight years, and they're not about to leave their chances to fate.
Nero Acquires Tanzer Business (AP) AP - Alan Nero is acquiring the company of fellow baseball agent Tommy Tanzer in the latest consolidation in the industry.
Hearing held on Hamm medal Paul Hamm said yesterday that he would give back his Olympic gold medal if sport's highest court ordered him to. But lawyers for the American gymnast and the US Olympic Committee told the sport's highest court that there are no grounds to change the results of last month's men's all-around competition, which Hamm won with the greatest comeback in the ...
Oil Fears to Weigh on Stocks; Dell Eyed  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil's rise to new record highs above \$50  a barrel will put pressure on Wall Street on Tuesday as  investors fret over the impact on corporate profits, while Dell  Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; will grab focus after it stuck by its outlook.
Euro Disney Stock Suspended  PARIS (Reuters) - Euro Disney shares were suspended on  Tuesday at the company's request, said pan European bourse  operator Euronext, before the theme park operator is expected  to make a statement on a restructuring plan.
ActBlue Lets Anyone Be PAC Man Voters who feel disempowered by political fat cats have a new option: a website that allows individuals to create their own political action committee. Now anyone can be a professional Democratic fund-raiser. By Daniel Terdiman.
Law Sends Sharers to Slammer A new California law will make it illegal to share files online without providing a valid e-mail address. The MPAA says it hopes to get the law on the books in other states, too. By Katie Dean.
All Aboard: Space-Tour Bandwagon Two business moguls announce plans to capitalize on the current hubbub over private spaceflight. Also: Speculation increases on whether SpaceShipOne will carry passengers on its second prize-attempt flight.... and more. By Dan Brekke.
Engineering God in a Petri Dish A bevy of scientists is helping Jonathon Keats reverse-engineer God. Observers will witness the experiment's final phase to answer the question: Is God's DNA more like blue-green algae or a fruit fly? Kari Lynn Dean reports from San Francisco.
Origins Traces Our Original Din From the big bang to the search for ET, a new PBS miniseries seeks the meaning of life, the universe and beyond. The show brings together the latest research on ancient frozen moss, far-flung meteors and organisms that live in boiling water. By Jason Silverman.
Survey Says: Cell Phones Left Out Telephone surveys are the meat and potatoes of political polling groups. But as more Americans switch from land lines to cell phones, a growing segment of the population may be left out of the equation. By Daniel Terdiman.
New Induce Act Alarms Foes The latest version of the Induce Act, headed for markup this week, is basically the same as the first version, critics say. It could mean trouble for companies that had no intention of inducing copyright infringement. By Katie Dean.
Phone Lines Deliver Next-Gen TV On-demand viewing isn't just for TiVo owners anymore. Television over internet protocol, or TVIP, offers custom programming over standard copper wires.
Fannie Mae gets a shake-up The accounting irregularities at home loan giant Fannie Mae could end up raising mortgage rates, but the impact, if any, will be difficult to measure given the enormous size and dynamic nature of the market.
LA Firm agrees to buy Harrah #39;s, Caesars properties An affiliate of Colony Capital has agreed to buy four properties from Caesars Entertainment Inc. and Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc.
British tycoon wants to fly you to space Richard Branson, the British tycoon known for daredevil exploits in a speedboat, a hot-air balloon and an amphibious car, wants to take a giant leap into the final frontier -- and to give a lift out of this world to similarly intrepid paying passengers.
NASA says Jeanne caused little damage, but shuttle work more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It says the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, lost some external panels from its vehicle assembly building in the storm, but overall damage was minimal.
Dolly creator applies for human cloning licence LONDON - One of the creators of Dolly the sheep, the world #39;s first mammal cloned from an adult, said Tuesday he was seeking permission to create cloned human embryos for medical research.
One-Game Lead: Cubs Clobber Reds CHICAGO - Welcome home, Cubbies. Former Beantowners Nomar Garciaparra and Todd Walker added three hits and combined to drive in six runs as the Chicago Cubs hammered the Cincinnati Reds Monday night at Wrigley Field, 12-5.
A #39;S NOTEBOOK Mulder will start Friday as planned After Mulder lasted 3 2/3 innings in Sunday #39;s 6-2 loss in Anaheim, manager Ken Macha said there would be a  quot;discussion quot; on whether the left- hander would make his next start, Friday against the Angels.
N. Korean Official Dismisses Claims of Possible Missile Test A senior North Korean official is dismissing claims that Pyongyang is preparing for a missile test. North Korean Deputy Foreign Minister Choe Su Hon told reporters at the United Nations that reports that North 
Iraqi elections impossible: Jordan king PARIS - Elections in Iraq are impossible to organize under the current violence, Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II warned in an interview published Tuesday.
France to Punish Police for Bungled Bomb Exercise (Reuters) Reuters - France's police minister vowed on Monday\to punish officers who planted explosives in an unwitting plane\passenger's luggage to test their sniffer dogs but then lost\the "bomb," which remains missing after a three-day hunt.
Crude oil sets new mark by topping Crude oil topped \$50 per barrel during Asian trading today, pushing past the psychological milestone for the first time then surging further to new record levels likely to unsettle oil-consuming nations.
High fuel prices to cost airline industry up to \$4 bn this year NEW YORK, September 28 (newratings.com) - The airline industry is expected to lose as much as \$4 billion in 2004 due to the high fuel costs, despite an increase of about 19 in international passenger traffic so far this year.
Gene test to track illegal ivory A genetic test that can be used to determine the origin of poached ivory could help combat the illegal trade in elephant tusks and their products.
Microsoft ends free Hotmail access from Outlook Hotmail users who use Microsoft #39;s Outlook and Outlook Express clients will now have to pay for the privilege. Users must sign up to either a Hotmail Plus account for \$19.
Cisco expands Catalyst switching range Cisco Systems has expanded its range of Catalyst switching products and services with the launch of offerings specifically targeted at small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs).
Dolly scientist in clone bid The scientist who created Dolly the Sheep at Edinburgh #39;s Roslin Institute wants to clone human embryos to help find a cure for motor neurone disease.
AT T Wireless Sells Dedicated Messaging Device (Reuters) Reuters - AT T Wireless Services Inc. \launches a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice\service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young\consumers.
Bird flu transmitted between humans in Thailand A 26-year-old Thai woman who died of acute pneumonia on 20 September was a probable case of human-to-human transmission of the H5N1 bird flu virus, the Thai Ministry of Public Health confirmed on Tuesday.
Two British soldiers killed in Iraq According to a British Army spokesman, two armoured Land Rovers were attacked this morning near the southern city of Basra. The first vehicle was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade and when soldiers from the 
Shell could quit Niger Delta ENVIRONMENTAL activists claim the latest outbreak of violence in Nigeria is simply the beginning of a civil war that could force Shell into a huge shake-up of its activities in the oil-rich country.
'Return of the King' extended DVD may miss some holiday shoppers (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - There may be more rarified DVD treatments of TheLord of the Rings coming in the future, but for now, fans will have to be satisfied with The Return of the King Special Extended DVD Edition, due in stores Dec. 14.
New Power Mac G5 Uniprocessor firmware update posted (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple has released Power Mac G5 Uniprocessor Firmware Update 5.1.5f2, a new release aimed at Power Mac G5s that have only a single processor. The update apparently corrects "unexpected issues" that have appeared on some Power Mac G5s after applying the first uniprocessor update, released earlier this month.
E-mail turns to P2P technology Peer-to-peer technology has been used to create an e-mail network said to be free of spam, viruses and snoopers.
Sony Chases Rivals in Image Chip Race  TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp., the world leader in video  equipment, finds itself in the unusual position of playing  catch-up in the next battleground for technology used in  cameras, video recorders and phones.
Oil Fears to Weigh on Stocks; Dell Eyed (Reuters) Reuters - Oil's rise to new record highs above  #36;50\a barrel will put pressure on Wall Street on Tuesday as\investors fret over the impact on corporate profits, while Dell\Inc  will grab focus after it stuck by its outlook.
Contractors Form Standards Group Some of the Pentagon's largest contractors, including Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., will begin a joint effort today to encourage development of technology standards that will ensure weapons systems of the future can communicate with each other. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Declared Suitor Sells Its Stake In MCI A private buyout firm that had said it was seeking to take control of MCI Inc. has sold its 5 percent stake in the long-distance giant for a \$20 million pretax profit.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Personal Tech: The Sims 2 Greg Kramer, author of The Sims 2: Prima Official Game Guide, will be online to talk about the latest release of the video game.
2 Cable Giants Set To Bid for Adelphia Comcast Corp. and Time Warner Inc. are planning a joint bid for Adelphia Communications Corp. as part of a deal that could lead to a broad realignment of interests in the cable industry and increase Comcast's already dominant presence in the mid-Atlantic region.
Technology Secretary For Virginia Steps Down Virginia's secretary of technology, George C. Newstrom, said yesterday that he is stepping down from the post after more than two years on the job. He will be replaced by his deputy, Eugene J. Huang.
Senate Bill Proposes  Anti-Terror Database Counterterrorism authorities would be granted unprecedented access to law enforcement and commercial databases containing billions of records about private citizens under a bipartisan bill to restructure the intelligence system that the Senate began debating yesterday.
Stocks Seen Up as Value Hunters Step In  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were poised for a bounce  at the open on Tuesday as investors hunt bargains a day after  surging oil prices sent the major U.S. stock indexes to their  lowest levels in weeks.
Pepsi Bottling Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pepsi Bottling Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PBG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PBG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest bottler of Pepsi drinks, on Tuesday said quarterly  profit rose on volume growth in the United States and Europe.
Oil Charges Over \$50 on Nigeria Threat &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrew MItchell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices raced to new record highs\above \$50 on Tuesday as rebel threats against Nigerian oil\facilities threatened to inflict further strain on global\supplies.&lt;/p&gt;
Shields Up! A stream of interstellar helium atoms almost as hot as the surface of the Sun is blowing through the solar system. 
Microsoft hopeful of settlement in EU case The California-based group has challenged the European Commissions finding from March that Microsoft abused its dominance of PC operating systems, but its top counsel said negotiations remained the preferred course.
P amp;O set to cut 1,200 jobs The shipping giant P amp;O, under increasing pressure from low-cost airlines and the Channel tunnel, today revealed plans to cut four ferry routes and slash its workforce by 1,200.
STOCKS TO WATCH SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in Tuesday #39;s session are Pepsi Bottling Group and Emmis Communications, as the companies are scheduled to report their quarterly financial results.
GAMING DEAL: Colony gets casinos for \$1.2 billion Colony Capital is poised to become a major competitor in the gaming industry nationwide after reaching a final agreement to buy four casinos from Harrah #39;s Entertainment and Caesars Entertainment, analysts said Monday.
Enron-linked UK bankers in court Three British bankers indicted in Texas on fraud charges involving Enron Corp. appeared in a London court Tuesday for an extradition hearing.
Rooney eyes Champions League dream England teenage star Wayne Rooney looks set to make his eagerly-awaited Manchester United debut in Champions League action against Fenerbahce though England teammates at Real Madrid David Beckham and Michael Owen are doubts for the Spanish giants #39; clash 
Hendry dismisses talk of grudge-carrying umps Baseball #39;s executive vice president Sandy Alderson insisted last month that the Cubs, disciplined for an assortment of run-ins with umpires, would not be targeted the rest of the season by umpires who might hold a grudge.
King Abdullah pessimistic on Iraqi elections Jordanian monarch warns elections in violence-ravaged Iraq are impossible in current state of insecurity. By Hugh Schofield - PARIS.
Hamas vows to keep up armed struggle Palestinian militant group Hamas vowed Tuesday to keep up its armed resistance against Israeli occupation in the West Bank and Gaza.
Stocks to Watch on Sept. 28 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks to watch on Tuesday: DELL\INC. : The world's largest personal computer maker said\the rate of market growth had not changed significantly and it\saw no reason to alter its guidance for the third quarter.
Starbucks price hike seen Oct. 6 Newspaper reports the coffee giant will raise the average drink price by 11 cents a cup. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coffee shop giant Starbucks Corp.
Commercial PC demand boosts market forecast Business demand for PCs will result in higher than anticipated growth of the sector for the second half of the year. Analyst IDC has revised its predictions having witnessed strong commercial demand for PCs 
Celeron 335D, the disguised Willamette Celerons form the basis of Intel #39;s entry-level platform which includes integrated/value motherboards as well. The Celeron 335D is the fastest - until the Celeron 340D - 2.93GHz - becomes mainstream - of the 
Redskins Lose To Dallas, Again LANDOVER, Md. -- In a matchup between two of the National Football League #39;s legendary minds, Dallas Cowboys coach Bill Parcells came out a winner over Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs.
Arsenal eye six-point start in Europe Arsenal take their Champions League hopes to Norway on Wednesday, looking for another three points from Rosenborg Trondheim that would put them firmly on track to reach the knockout phase.
Ponson, O #39;s Unable to Catch Up There were countless outings for Sidney Ponson earlier in the year when a slow start roiled into a disastrous outing. He would simply feel the game slipping from 
Pawar keeps options open on eve of BCCI polls Kolkata: Keeping his options open amidst intense lobbying for the president #39;s post of the cricket board, Sharad Pawar on Tuesday said that he would take the plunge only if he was sure of victory.
Americans Forces Strike Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 28, 2004 - American forces bombed a suspected hide-out used by associates of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Fallujah on Tuesday, part of a campaign of airstrikes the US military said has taken 
Pyongyang already  #39;weaponized #39; spent nuclear fuel: N. Korean envoy Astana - New York, September 28 KAZINFORM -- A senior North Korean official claimed at the United Nations Monday that his country has already produced atomic weapons with reprocessed nuclear fuel rods.
Arafat offers to help seek UK hostage #39;s release: Irish politician Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has promised to offer help to win the release of British hostage Kenneth Bigley held by militants in Iraq, the BBC quoted a senior Irish politician as reporting on Tuesday.
Indian court sours Taj Mahal festivities India #39;s Supreme Court has disappointed visitors by banning night celebrations at the Taj Mahal to mark its 350th anniversary, citing security concerns.
Wish you were atmosp-here Sir Richard Branson has kick-started a new space race, with plans to start tourist trips to the edge of the atmosphere. But are we ready for holidays at the final frontier?
Baseball: Oakland beats Mariners, Suzuki nears hit mark OAKLAND, United States : Bobby Crosby belted a game-winning sacrifice fly as Oakland beat Seattle 6-5 but they couldn #39;t prevent Japan #39;s Ichiro Suzuki from posting his 252nd hit of the season.
CAMPBELL SET FOR NORWAY TRIP Sol Campbell is ready to take his place in the Arsenal defence for Wednesdays Champions League clash with Rosenborg in Norway. The England centre-back showed no ill effects after returning from an Achilles 
Halladay wants to go full out If he is removed he wants it to be based on the game situation, not the number of pitches he has thrown. The staff ace reached his imposed pitch count of 70 here in Baltimore after three innings last night.
Thai hospitals on alert for more bird flu cases Hospitals and health officials across Thailand have been placed on high alert to monitor for any cases of human-to-human transmission of the deadly bird flu virus.
In Paris for talks, King Abdullah pessimistic on Iraqi elections PARIS : King Abdullah of Jordan held talks on the Middle East with President Jacques Chirac after warning in a newspaper interview that elections in Iraq are impossible in the current state of insecurity.
Microsoft To Sell Win XP Starter Edition In Russia Garabito writes  quot;Cnet reports that Microsoft plans to distribute in Russia the low-cost, stripped-down version of Windows XP, called  #39;Starter Edition.
&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; Readers hail NTL abusive message &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Not so keen on 'spam-free' email plans
Learn how to Integrate Cisco and UNIX Network Architectures &lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on thousands of other great titles
Chain Store Sales Mixed in Latest Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store retail sales saw a\slight decline of 0.3 percent on a week-over-week basis. \However, on a year-over-year basis, the sales momentum remained\strong at 3.5 percent, a report said on Tuesday.
Before the Bell: Atherogenics Up 82 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Shares of AtheroGenics Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGIX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AGIX.O&lt;/A&gt;  soared 82 percent before the bell on Tuesday, a day after the  pharmaceutical company announced positive interim results from  a study on an anti-inflammatory agent.
Lawmakers Want Paper Records of E-Ballots Just five weeks before election day, federal legislators are increasingly casting doubt on electronic voting terminals and demanding that touchscreen computers produce paper records.
Anti-Spam Effort Killed Amid Patent Row A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
Dreamworks Files for IPO with SEC &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer animation company DreamworksSKG has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissionfor a \$650 million initial public offering, applying to list onthe New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "DWA."&lt;/p&gt;
RFID confab draws big names in retail, high tech Powerhouses such as Wal-Mart will be in Baltimore this week to influence the development of radio frequency identification.
USB--short for 'ultimate security breakdown'? SecureWave exec Dennis Szerszen warns that the convenient port is also a vulnerability that could cost your company dearly.
Now boarding! NY, London, space? Virgin Atlantic honcho Richard Branson yesterday announced plans to boldly go where no airline company has gone before - outer space.
FlexWiki: Microsoft #39;s Third Open Software Project Earlier than scheduled, Microsoft Corp. has gone public with its announcement of its third open-source code contribution to SourceForge.
Olympics: Inspectors Announce Program for 2012 Bid Visits Olympic inspectors will visit Madrid first in their whistle-stop tour next year of bid cities hoping to stage the 2012 Games. The Spanish capital will be followed by London, New York, Paris 
Microsoft, Amazon.com file phishing, spamming lawsuits Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. filed one joint and several separate lawsuits on Monday against companies and individuals accusing them variously of trying to defraud consumers by imitating Amazon and Microsoft, the companies said Tuesday.
IDC Forum: Why IT matters PARIS -- IT commoditization? Asian threat? Crippling viruses? Speakers at IDC's European IT Forum 2004 in Paris didn't have to look far for contentious issues.
Toshiba has big plans for a small drive Toshiba Corp. plans to begin commercial production of its 0.85-inch hard disk drive before the end of this year, the company said on Tuesday.
Oil hits high on Nigeria threat LONDON, England -- Oil prices have surged to historic levels as a threat of civil war in Nigeria adds to concerns over tight global supplies.
Airline industry seen losing up to \$US4b in 2004 MONTREAL: The global airline industry stands to incur losses of between \$US3 billion (\$NZ4.6 billion) and \$US4 billion this year as surging oil prices wipe out any hope of profit created by rising passenger traffic, the International Air Transport 
Ex-exec: Fastow knew of sham Former Enron Corp. executive Michael Kopper said his ex-boss, Andrew Fastow, promised to buy back Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. #39;s interest in Nigerian barges as part of a plan to falsely boost Enron #39;s revenue by \$12 million.
Zidane set to face Roma Real Madrid playmaker Zinedine Zidane will return to the side for the UEFA Champions League Group B clash with Roma on Tuesday night.
Punch Drunk By now, reality should have set in for Roy Jones Jr. and his brain cleared enough to realize his sometimes brilliant career is over.
Campbell Ready For Sustained Action Arsenals England defender Sol Campbell is relishing the prospect of facing Rosenborg tonight in the Champions League after playing his first match of an injury-delayed season at Manchester City last Saturday.
Gill wants Champions League change Manchester United chief executive David Gill has called for the Champions League second group stage to be restored. Old Trafford boss Alex Ferguson and Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger were among the major 
Hectic parleys on for crucial BCCI elections KOLKATA: With only two days to go for the crucial elections to the coveted post of the president of the cash-rich BCCI here, hectic parleys are on by the lead players including Union Food and Agriculture minister Sharad Pawar to drum up the requisite 
Egyptian holding company says it has heard four Egyptian hostages &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Egypt said Tuesday that Iraqi kidnappers had freed one Egyptian hostage and were expected to release three others shortly. The holding company that employed the four hostages confirmed that 
Foundation Awards Annual 'Genius Grants' (AP) AP - When Rueben Martinez became a barber in the Los Angeles area, his love of literature inspired him to lend out books for customers. He noticed that few books made their way back to him.
Russia Delays Launch of Space Station Crew (AP) AP - Russian space officials said Tuesday technical glitches would further delay the launch of a spacecraft to carry a replacement crew to the international space station.
List of 2004 MacArthur Foundation Fellows (AP) AP - The list of 23 fellows announced by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. Each will receive  #36;500,000 over five years:
Thousands Gather as Afghan Campaigning Picks Up (Reuters) Reuters - Tens of thousands of\people gathered in a northern Afghan town on Tuesday to hear\General Abdul Rashid Dostum launch his bid for the presidency,\as a slow election campaign began to gather pace.
Palestinian PM Urges Tactical Rethink in Conflict (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie\marked the anniversary of a Palestinian uprising against Israel\on Tuesday by calling on both sides to rethink tactics that\have brought four years of bloodshed.
Blair to Urge Party Unity Under Iraq Cloud (Reuters) Reuters - Tony Blair will urge his\party on Tuesday to reunite for an election fight, seeking to\heal rifts over Iraq even as two more British soldiers die in\Basra and a hostage remains under threat of death.
No Sign of Nuke Work at Suspect Iran Site-Diplomats (Reuters) Reuters - The analysis of soil samples taken by\U.N. inspectors at Lavizan, a site in Tehran that U.S.\officials suspect may be linked to an atomic weapons program,\shows no sign of nuclear activity, Western diplomats said.
Nigerian Insurgents Declare Armed Struggle (AP) AP - Insurgents in Nigeria's southern Niger Delta will begin an armed struggle to wrest control of the region's oil riches from the federal government starting Oct. 1, a rebel spokesman said Tuesday.
Thousands Gather as Afghan Campaigning Picks Up  SHIBERGHAN, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of  people gathered in a northern Afghan town on Tuesday to hear  General Abdul Rashid Dostum launch his bid for the presidency,  as a slow election campaign began to gather pace.
U.S. Forces Bomb Iraqi Rebels; Jordan Has Poll Doubts  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes bombed a suspected  insurgent hideout in rebel-held Falluja on Tuesday and U.S.  tanks and aircraft bombarded areas of northeastern Baghdad,  stepping up operations against guerrilla strongholds.
No Sign of Nuke Work at Suspect Iran Site-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - The analysis of soil samples taken by  U.N. inspectors at Lavizan, a site in Tehran that U.S.  officials suspect may be linked to an atomic weapons program,  shows no sign of nuclear activity, Western diplomats said.
Disabled man dies in Israeli raid Israeli troops shoot dead a mentally ill Palestinian during a raid in Jenin refugee camp in the West Bank.
Indian author Mulk Raj Anand dies One of India's best known novelists and short-story writers, Mulk Raj Anand,  dies at the age of 99.
SMART-1 Celebrates its First Year in Space European Space Agency -- One year after its launch on 27 September 2003, the SMART-1 spacecraft is in excellent health and preparing for the manoeuvres that will bring it into orbit around the Moon mid-November.     The first mission phase, the aim of which was to test several innovative technologies, has been successfully completed...
U.S. Forces Capture Head of Suspected Iraq Militant Cell U.S. forces have captured the leader of a suspected militant cell during a raid in the northern Iraqi town of Kirkuk, the U.S. military said on Tuesday.
Crude Oil Prices Top \$50 Per Barrel Crude oil futures contracts topped the psychological milestone of \$50 per barrel for the first time Tuesday, surging to new record levels that could unsettle oil importing nations.
Citigroup, Goldman Market \$5.8 Bln Cemex Loan, Mexico #39;s Biggest Citigroup Inc. and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. will market a \$5.8 billion loan for Cemex SA to other lenders over coming days, bankers involved in the deal said, in what #39;s the largest-ever credit for a Mexican company.
LA Firm agrees to buy Harrah #39;s, Caesars properties LOS ANGELES A Los Angeles-based investment firm has agreed to buy four properties from Las Vegas-based Caesars and Harrah #39;s Entertainment for a total of 1-point-24 (b) billion dollars.
Oil price surge  #39;threatens global growth #39; The German finance minister, Hans Eichel, today warned that global growth would be at risk if oil prices remained at their current levels.
Red Sox Clinch 2nd Straight Playoff Berth (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox clinched a playoff berth on Monday by beating the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3.
A's Maintain One-Game Lead Over Angels (AP) AP - After Barry Zito gave up a tying three-run homer to Willie Bloomquist, the Oakland Athletics bounced back and maintained their one-game lead over Anaheim in the AL West.
Reds eager to avoid another crash in Vans GLENCOFFE Johnson sent world boxing into shock as he demolished superstar ring master Roy Jones but one fighter who hardly registered surprise was Sheffield #39;s Clinton Woods.
American Football: Anderson #39;s TD toss helps Cowboys shade Redskins LANDOVER, United States : Running back Richie Anderson tossed a 26-yard touchdown pass to Terry Glenn in the fourth quarter as Dallas beat the Washington Redskins 21-18 in a National Football League matchup.
Hamm Argues to Keep Gymnastics Gold (AP) AP - The future of Paul Hamm's gold medal has nothing to do with tumbles and flips, and everything to do with the judgment of three arbitrators. The Court of Arbitration for Sport held an 11 1/2-hour hearing Monday to determine whether Hamm should again be declared the winner of the Olympic gymnastics all-around competition, or the victory should go to Yang Tae-young of South Korea.
No clue on CNN producer #39;s fate Palestinian security men Tuesday sought CNN producer Riad Ali who was kidnapped in Gaza by gunmen Monday evening on a busy street.
Pakistan gets its man ... sort of Two days after Pakistani officials announced the death of Amjad Farooqi, the circumstances surrounding the killing of the person who is being billed as the country #39;s most wanted 
Egyptian company says one Egyptian hostage in Iraq is free CAIRO, Egypt An Egyptian company says one of its four workers who had been kidnapped in Iraq has been freed. It says it can #39;t give the status of the others being held hostage but says it is  quot;doing its best to secure quot; their release.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - San Francisco at San Diego (10:05 p.m. EDT). Jason Schmidt goes for his 17th win against Brian Lawrence and the Padres.
Soccer: U.S. Captain Reyna Injured (AP) AP - United States team captain Claudio Reyna will probably miss the next two World Cup qualifiers because of an injured left quadriceps.
Seville to Host U.S.-Spain Davis Cup Final (AP) AP - Seville will host the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States in December, with the matches played on a clay court.
Nabi Says Vaccine Helped Smokers Quit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Nabi Biopharmaceuticals &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NABI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NABI.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said its NicVAX nicotine vaccine showed promising  results in helping smokers quit smoking in a small clinical  trial, sending its shares up 23 percent in premarket activity.
Oil Prices Break \$50 Milestone Crude oil prices surged past the \$50 per barrel milestone in overnight trading in response to the triple threat of turmoil in the oil-rich countries of Nigeria and Iraq and a decline in production in the hurricane-battered Gulf of Mexico.
Branson Announces Start of New Airline Virgin Group boss Richard Branson said Tuesday he has signed an agreement with Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo to launch a new airline out of the west African nation that will be majority owned by Nigerian investors.
Space flight  #39;extremely difficult #39; London - Space tourism, the business of rocketing civilians into orbit as British tycoon Richard Branson vowed on Monday to do, is technically feasible within a few years but fraught with perils, a space expert said.
Microsoft, Amazon.com file phishing, spamming lawsuits Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. filed one joint and several separate lawsuits on Monday against companies and individuals accusing them variously of trying to defraud 
Two Orascom hostages released A spokesman for the Egyptian Telecommunications company, Orascom, said that the kidnappers of the two Egyptian hostages had released them on Monday evening after it was announced in Cairo that only one hostage was released.
World airlines #39; loss estimate: \$4 billion MONTREAL - Despite a jump of 19 percent in world air traffic this year, airlines are expected to lose as much as \$4 billion in 2004 because of high fuel costs, the International Air Transport Association said Monday.
Microsoft says media player market more  #39;vibrant #39; than EC believes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HONG KONG (AFX) - Microsoft Corp said the European Commission #39;s view of the media player market is  quot;incorrect, quot; and will argue in Brussels later this week that competition is more  quot;vibrant quot; than the EC believes, the Financial Times reported on its website 
Pepsi Bottling 3rd-Qtr Profit Rises 4.4 on Juices (Update2) Pepsi Bottling Group Inc., the world #39;s largest distributor of PepsiCo Inc. beverages, said third- quarter earnings rose 4.4 percent on new Tropicana juice drinks and sales in Europe.
P amp;O cuts to hit 1200 staff and ferry fleet PORTS and shipping company P amp;O is to lay off up to 1200 staff and slash services as part of a 240 million review to reduce costs at its loss-making ferries business.
Court overturns EU decision to block WorldCom-Sprint merger LONDON, September 28 (newratings.com) - An EU appeals court has overturned the European Commission #39;s four-year old decision to block a proposed merger deal between the US-based telecom companies, WorldCom and Sprint, which was subsequently abandoned.
Virgin to launch Nigerian airline Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Atlantic Airways has announced an agreement with Nigeria to set up a new airline following the collapse of the African nation #39;s flagship carrier last year.
Boffins boost DVD capacity tenfold Scientists working at London #39;s Imperial College have come up with a way of radically increasing the storage capacity of optical discs.
Cisco dumbs down switch management Two new switches from Cisco demonstrate a sweeping change in the company #39;s assumptions about the technical knowledge of network managers.
Amendment 37 puts energy bills at risk We look forward to the day when renewable energy accounts for a quarter, half or even three-fourths of Colorado #39;s electricity supplies.
Rover Report Card: Prospect of Mars Life More Likely Rolling, rolling, rolling. Keep those Mars rovers rolling. You can almost hear the crack of a Martian whip. Since January, NASAs Spirit and Opportunity robots have been wheeling and dealing with the red planet.
Britain #39;s first pet professor Professor Danny Mills of Lincoln University will predominantly study the behaviour of dogs, cats and horses and see how their anxieties can be solved.
New Palm system targets smart phones The maker of Palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce Tuesday its first version designed specifically for so-called smart phones.
Hotmail fees for Outlook access Millions of Hotmail users face having to pay to access their messages using the Outlook e-mail program. Microsoft says it decided to start charging for the service as it was being abused by senders of spam.
Haiti in  #39;Total Desperation #39; After Storm Louisen Louis, 30, walked Monday in the middle of a street that resembled a small river with brown rivulets and waves. He wore sandals and had a cut on one of his big toes.
Stocks Seen Higher; Oil Steady at \$50 Bbl  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open higher on  Tuesday, with beaten down shares tempting investors and oil  producer stocks bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through  the \$50 a barrel mark.
Yen Weighed Down by Rising Cost of Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen sank to a four-month low against  the euro and a six-week low versus the dollar on Tuesday as  investors fretted that soaring oil prices could jeopardize  Japan's economic recovery.
Treasury Yields Near Lows, Oil Hugs Highs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury yields hovered near six-month  lows on Tuesday as investors bet rising energy costs would  handicap the economy and perhaps sway the Federal Reserve to  slow the pace of rate hikes.
Bayer, Lanxess Spin-Off Ratio Is Set  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Investors in Germany's Bayer will get  one share in chemicals and polymers spin-off Lanxess for every  10 Bayer shares held, a German newspaper said, valuing Lanxess  at nearly 1.6 billion euros (\$1.97 billion).
Before the Bell- Calpine Drops 6 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Calpine Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CPN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CPN.N&lt;/A&gt; fell 6  percent before the bell on Tuesday following reports that one  of its joint ventures received a default notice.
Saudi Arabia to hike oil production capacity Saudi Arabia will increase oil production capacity to 11 million barrels per day (bpd) in a bid to curb soaring prices, Oil Minister Ali al-Nuaimi has said.
The ore will be produced by the Area C mine which opened last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;It is extremely pleasing to see that additional benefits have already started flowing to both BHP Billiton and its Chinese partners as a result of the Wheelarra joint venture, quot; BHP Billiton Iron Ore president Graeme Hunt said in a statement.
Fannie Mae May Buy Fewer Mortgages to Meet Capital Requirement Fannie Mae, the largest US mortgage buyer, may slow purchases of home loans to meet its regulator #39;s demand to boost capital, hurting earnings prospects.
A Million in Florida Still Powerless After Jeanne About one million customers remained without power in Florida early Tuesday after Hurricane Jeanne tore through the state over the weekend, according to two of Florida #39;s largest utilities.
Toyota hopes to continue  #39;Moving Forward #39; Toyota Motor Corp., which has been telling consumers to  quot;Get the Feeling quot; in its advertising since 2001, will begin urging them to keep  quot;Moving Forward quot; on Tuesday, part of the 
New Palm operating system targets smart phones SUNNYVALE, Calif. PalmSource -- the maker of Palm operating systems for handheld computers -- plans to introduce new software tomorrow to serve as the brains for so-called smart phones.
Virgin launches into online music SIR Richard Branson has become the latest big name to move into the online music world. The British entrepreneur has launched a Virgin Digital music service in America, joining a long list of mainly technology companies in the crowded download market.
Genetic map pinpoints elephant poachers DNA from seized ivory could help conservationists and police identify hotspots where elephants are in particular danger from poachers.
Adobe pushing for DNG photo standard Adobe is currently trying to push a new image format standard to solve many of the problems associated with the plethora of camera hardware and the differing formats they use for storing images.
Cisco targets SMBs with new switches, software Cisco has released a new line of switches and services for small and medium sized businesses aimed at helping companies with 100 to 1000 employees deploy converged voice 
Davis Cup semifinals men #39;s tennis update - September 26 Fish was leading Karatchenia, 3-0, when play was stopped due to rain...The United States will meet Spain in the Davis Cup final from December 3-5.
Pakistan holds al-Qaeda suspects Pakistan says 11 alleged militants have been arrested since security forces killed leading al-Qaeda suspect Amjad Farooqi on Sunday.
Spain #39;s Roman Catholic Church slams plans for gay marriage MADRID, Spain The Catholic Church is slamming the Spanish government #39;s plan to legalize gay marriage. The church is furious with the changes planned by the Socialist government, saying legalizing gay marriage 
Blair to shift focus from Iraq BRITAIN #39;S Prime Minister Tony Blair hoped to switch attention from the unrelenting bloodshed in Iraq to his campaign for a third term in office with his address today to the Labour Party #39;s annual conference.
Lebanese prisoner accused of being al-Qaida member died in prison &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hundreds of demonstrators attacked the building of the Lebanese general security at the border with Syria doubting the credibility of the report by the Lebanese authorities on the death of Ismail Muhammad al-Khatib suspected to be a member in al-Qaida 
Japan Schools Tracking Students by Radio (AP) AP - Cutting class just got harder but schools are safer thanks to computer chips that help track students, Japanese officials say.
Half of Internet Viagra Could Be Fake - Study (Reuters) Reuters - As many as half of the Viagra\anti-impotence pills sold on the Internet could be counterfeit,\British scientists said on Tuesday.
First Look: Intuit's QuickBooks for Newbies (PC World) PC World - New Simple Start Edition accounting software targets small businesses still using pencil and paper.
Germany: A Brighter Sun In The East (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - The jubilation that swept East Germany after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 long ago gave way to the sober reality of globalization and market forces. Now a decade of resentment seems to be boiling over. In Eastern cities such as Leipzig or Chemnitz, thousands have taken to the streets since July to protest cuts in unemployment benefits, the main source of livelihood for 1.6 million East Germans. Discontent among reunification's losers fueled big gains by the far left and far right in Brandenburg and Saxony state elections Sept. 19. ...
'Greenhouse' Gas Rising Over Antarctica (AP) AP - A group of Japanese researchers has found that carbon dioxide levels over the Antarctica rose by over 2.6 percent from six years ago  #151; the first such detection of an increase in a "greenhouse" gas above the southern continent, group members said Tuesday.
Urchin Industry a Skeleton of Former Self (AP) AP - Maine's urchin season has barely begun  #151; and it's already almost over.
Mars Orbiter Photographs Rover From Space (AP) AP - A spacecraft orbiting Mars photographed one of NASA's rovers and its tracks on the surface, the space agency said Monday.
Rumbling at Mount St. Helens Triggers Alert (Reuters) Reuters - Government scientists have warned\hikers and researchers not to go near the crater of the Mount\St. Helens volcano because there is an "increased likelihood"\an explosion could occur, sending rocks and debris down the\side of the mountain.
Jeanne Costs Money, Time at Florida Spaceport (Reuters) Reuters - Jeanne was the third\hurricane in six weeks to damage Florida's Kennedy Space Center\but NASA would not say on Monday whether the damage will set\back plans to resume space shuttle flights next March.
Kenya Wants Most-Protected Status for Lions (Reuters) Reuters - Even the King of Beasts needs a hand\staying alive in his own domain.
Branson Launches Virgin  #39;Digital Megastore #39; Sir Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group, today announced the launch of Virgin Digital, which will enter an increasingly competitive market for digital downloads.
Hotmail fees for Outlook access Millions of Hotmail users face having to pay to access their messages using the Outlook e-mail program.
Insurgents Surface in Streets of Samarra (AP) AP - Gunmen carrying flags of Iraq's most feared terror group surfaced in force in the central Iraqi city of Samarra on Tuesday for the first time since U.S. troops briefly entered it in a deal with tribal leaders that the Americans had portrayed as a success story in battling the insurgency.
WHO probes "probable" human-to-human bird flu amid fears of mutation (AFP) AFP - The World Health Organisation confirmed that it was examining a  quot;probable quot; first full case of human-to-human transmission of bird flu in Thailand, raising fears of a deadly global flu pandemic.
Pepsi Bottling Group beats by a penny Pepsi Bottling Group Inc., the world #39;s largest maker and distributor of PepsiCo #39;s beverages, edged past analysts #39; estimates by a penny in its third-quarter results released Tuesday.
On brink of \$10 million year, ho-hum Singh talk, toast of golf No cheering in the press box. This is the first, second and third commandment of sports journalism, at least until Vijay Singh #39;s approach shot on a Sunday back nine appears to be sailing a tad too long.
Bush sharpens jabs against Kerry ahead of debates (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush sharpened his jabs against Democratic challenger John Kerry, who has called for an end to the nasty advertising war that he said was scaring off voters only days before the rivals' first televised debate.
Football: Man U Rooney dilemma Man Utd boss Sir Alex Ferguson is debating whether to start with Wayne Rooney against Fenerbahce.
Drugstores May Start Charging for Consultations Pharmacists have long been called on by customers to do more than just fill prescriptions. But drugstores, from giants like Rite Aid to smaller regional chains, are looking to expand their counseling programs and boost revenue - a trend that could be bolstered by the prescription-drug benefit that will become available to Medicare enrollees in 2006.
Study Links Suburban Sprawl to Various Ailments LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Warning: Suburban sprawl may be hazardous to your health. A report released Monday found that people who live in sprawling metropolitan areas are more likely to report chronic health problems such as high blood pressure, arthritis, headaches and breathing difficulties than residents of more compact cities...
Group Targets Medical Industry's Influence By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Doctors who receive drug company funding would be limited in what they could teach other physicians under new rules being proposed by accreditors.    The Chicago-based Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education, which gives its stamp of approval for such classes, was to announce sweeping changes Tuesday to limit the influence of doctors with financial connections to the pharmaceutical industry...
Saudi boosts oil output to rein in prices Saudi Arabia, the world #39;s largest oil exporter, is to raise production from 9.5 million barrels a day to 11 million barrels in an attempt to rein in prices that have topped US\$50 a barrel.
Drug: Test results excite Alpharetta maker Alpharetta-based AtheroGenics announced positive interim results Monday from a clinical trial of its drug to treat atherosclerosis, which leads to coronary heart disease.
Malfunctioning oxygen generator may force space station to be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOUSTON - International space station crew members may have to abandon the outpost later this year if astronauts can #39;t fix oxygen supply problems, a NASA official said.
Soccer: US Captain Reyna Injured MANCHESTER, England - United States team captain Claudio Reyna will probably miss the next two World Cup qualifiers because of an injured left quadriceps.
Sharapova Wins in 1st Round of Korea Open (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat Emmanuelle Gagliardi of Switzerland 6-1, 6-3 Tuesday in the first round of the Korea Open.
Arafat offers support to Bigley Yasser Arafat has promised to intercede on behalf of British hostage Ken Bigley, a senior Irish politician says. Michael Higgins, foreign affairs spokesman for the Labour Party in Dublin, said the Palestinian leader made his pledge in a letter to him.
Another Chapter in the Extermination Policy When Israel sends its agents to commit a crime in Syria, would it be implementing an American policy? The course of American pressure, which is now focused on Syria, supposes this; this is what might happen 
Cisco notches new Net phone deal Bank of America signs a deal to deploy 180,000 Cisco IP telephones nationwide over the next three years.
Dell introduces new compact desktop PC Dell Inc. updated its line of slim consumer Dimension desktop PCs Tuesday with a multiformat expansion card reader, the first time such a feature has appeared in a Dell PC, a company spokesman said.
Bank of America to deploy 180,000 IP phones Bank of America Corp. this week announced plans for a corporate-wide IP telephony rollout that will eventually put an IP phone on every BoA employees desktop -- about 180,000 phones total.
Microsoft's Anti-Spam Effort Killed Amid Patent Row A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
Japanese Schools Tracking Students by Radio TOKYO (AP) -- Cutting class just got harder but schools are safer thanks to computer chips that help track students, Japanese officials say.    Some schools here this month began trial runs in which students carry chips that have tiny antennae and can be traced by radio, with some of the kids attaching the tags to their backpacks...
Lowe's Sees Profit Rising in 2005, 2006 (Reuters) Reuters - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos.\ on Tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share\rising in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased\remodeling activity and a rise in home ownership.
Lowe's Sees Profit Rising in 2005, 2006  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share  rising in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased  remodeling activity and a rise in home ownership.
Snap-On Sees Profit Below Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Snap-on Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SNA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SNA.N&lt;/A&gt;, which makes  vehicle-repair tools, on Tuesday said third-quarter and  full-year earnings would fall short of Wall Street estimates  due to high steel prices and weak business in Europe.
Starbucks to boost coffee prices in US You #39;ll soon be forking over an extra 11 cents for a gentrified java. Starbucks (SBUX) says it will raise the average price of its beverages by 11 cents at 4,500 stores in North America Oct.
Atherogenics stock leaps on heart trial data Shares of Atherogenics Inc. (AGIX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) leaped 82 percent in electronic trading before the market opened on Tuesday following the release of data showing 
BHP Billiton wins 3.2 billion dollar iron ore deal with Chinese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : BHP Billiton said it had struck a 3.2 billion US dollar deal to supply four Chinese steel companies with iron ore over the next decade.
Opponents of proposed coal-fired power plant line up to sound off DENVER - A plan by Colorado #39;s largest utility to build a \$1.3 billion coal-fired power plant in Pueblo is facing strong opposition from people who say both environmental and financial concerns make the facility a bad idea.
Renewable energy may be offered by Empire Empire Electric #39;s 15,000 member-owners may be able to get all or part of their electricity from renewable sources starting in January.
Wenger happy to avoid penguins Trondheim - Arsenal go into their Champions League clash with Norwegian champions Rosenborg on Wednesday looking to melt away the memories of their last visits to chilly climes.
SI.com OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- After playing spoiler in the American League West Division for a week, the Seattle Mariners finally looked like a last-place team.
First probable case of bird flu transmission between humans Bangkok (AsiaNews/Agencies) - The first case of transmission of the H5N1 virus between humans could have taken place in Thailand, this according to Kumara Rai, acting Thailand representative for the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Blair:  #39;Doing everything #39; London - Prime Minister Tony Blair is doing  quot;everything he possibly can quot; to save the British engineer kidnapped in Iraq, Blair #39;s deputy said on Tuesday as the hostage #39;s family took encouragement from an offer of help by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Oil Charges Over \$50 on Nigeria Threat Oil prices raced to new record highs above \$50 on Tuesday as rebel threats against Nigerian oil facilities threatened to inflict further strain on global supplies.
Microsoft to comply with EC orders on Windows The world #39;s software giant Microsoft Corp. said it would comply with the European Commission (EC)  #39;s orders if it fails this week to persuade the European Court of Justice to suspend the EC #39;s decision.
Pepsi Bottling Profit Up, Hikes Outlook Pepsi Bottling Group Inc. (PBG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest bottler of Pepsi drinks, on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose on volume growth in the United States and Europe 
Technical Problems Delay Russian Space Launch Again Technical problems have prompted a further delay to the blast-off of a Russian spacecraft to the International Space Station, space officials said on Tuesday.
Red Sox clinch playoff berth with win over Devil Rays The Red Sox clinch their second straight trip to the playoffs with a 7-3 win over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Boston was led by Manny Ramirez #39;s American League-leading 43rd home run.
Two Soldiers Attached To 1st Cav Charged With Murder Staff Sgt. Johnny Horne, Jr., and Staff Sgt. Cardenas Alban have been charged with murder in the death of an Iraqi, the 1st Cavalry Division announced Monday.
FlexWiki: Microsoft's Third Open Software Project (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Could problems with Microsoft's GotDotNet Workspaces be prompting Microsoft to release more code to SourceForge?
Consumer Confidence Falls in September (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer confidence edged lower\in September for a second straight month as persistent worries\about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on Tuesday\said.
GULP! Higher Coffee Prices Brewing (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumers may soon have to\swallow more expensive coffee as soaring futures and rising\costs from milk to fuel induce roasters to charge more for the\steamy brew, industry participants said.
Stocks Open Higher, Shrug Off Oil Spike (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday,\with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil\producer stocks bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through\the  #36;50 a barrel mark.
Nabi Says Vaccine Helped Smokers Quit (Reuters) Reuters - Nabi Biopharmaceuticals  on\Tuesday said its NicVAX nicotine vaccine showed promising\results in helping smokers quit smoking in a small clinical\trial, sending its shares up 23 percent in premarket activity.
GULP! Higher Coffee Prices Brewing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers may soon have to  swallow more expensive coffee as soaring futures and rising  costs from milk to fuel induce roasters to charge more for the  steamy brew, industry participants said.
Silicon Still Rocks the House Online music downloading might be the new wave in the music business, but it won't crest for at least another five years, according to a new report. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Chevron denies Kazakh tax claim ChevronTexaco says its Tengizchevroil venture has not been sent a \$2.5bn back-tax bill from the Kazakh government.
Saudi Arabia to Boost Oil Production as Price Hits \$50 The price of oil finally broke through the \$50-a-barrel mark today, a milestone never seen before.
A major player at Enron testifies HOUSTON A former executive who participated in the wrongdoing that helped cripple Enron has testified, providing the first glimpse through the eyes of a principal of the deals orchestrated by Andrew Fastow when he was the company #39;s chief financial officer 
NFL: Parcells bests Gibbs LANDOVER, Maryland The coaches are older and grayer, and Lawrence Taylor and Mark Rypien are long retired. But on the football field little else has changed in the rivalry between Bill Parcells and Joe Gibbs.
Soccer: United keeps agents rich LONDON As Wayne Rooney, the world #39;s most expensive teenage soccer player, prepared for his debut in the Champions League on Tuesday night, his new club Manchester United disclosed the true cost of paying middlemen to smooth the path between clubs who buy 
CNN employee abducted as violence waxes in Gaza JERUSALEM Palestinian gunmen in Gaza City abducted an Israeli Arab working for CNN, according to the network, stopping a taxi carrying a news crew and seizing the man, Riad Ali, a producer.
Diamonds robbed from Louvre Two diamonds worth over \$14 million were robbed mid-afternoon from an antique dealers #39; show at the Paris Louvre museum yesterday.
Pepsi Bottling Profit Rises Pepsi Bottling Group Inc. (PBG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest bottler of Pepsi drinks, on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose on volume growth in the United States and Europe.
Nation/world briefs NEW YORK - Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. said they are exploring a potential joint bid for Adelphia Communications Corp., the troubled cable company that put itself on the block as part of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding.
Rogers learns lesson NSW Rugby CEO Fraser Neill believes Waratah star Mat Rogers has learned his lesson after he was fined and ordered to do community service following his controversial comments about the club rugby competition.
Consumer Confidence Dips in September NEW YORK Sept. 28, 2004 - Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
Mexican mixer sets sights on RMC concrete Mexico #39;s Cemex has helped RMC Group #39;s shareholders to salsa their way out of debt that weighed like concrete boots. Photo: Rick Stevens.
Door open for Hardie boss JAMES Hardie #39;s two most senior executives have agreed to stand aside after damning findings by a special inquiry into its asbestos liabilities, but chief executive Peter Macdonald 
Starbucks Confirms Price Increase Starbucks had indicated in July it would likely raise drink prices for the first time in nearly four years to keep up with costs, although the coffee retailer did not say how much or when.
Colonial to buy Union Bank Montgomery, Ala.-based Colonial BancGroup (NYSE: CNB) said it has agreed to buy Sunrise-based Union Bank of Florida for a total of about \$233 million.
Motorola to Cut 1,000 Jobs, Take Charge Motorola Inc. will cut 1,000 jobs worldwide and take a charge of \$50 million for severance benefits, officials said Tuesday. Motorola is completing a spinoff of its chip operations, now operating independently 
Hollinger Adds 2 Independent Directors Hollinger Inc., the scandal-plagued parent of newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc., Tuesday said it increased the number of independent directors on its board to five from three.
California Pizza Boosts 3Q Outlook Casual restaurant chain California Pizza Kitchen Inc. said Tuesday that 12-month same-store sales rose 7.5 percent for the third quarter, and the company raised its earnings per share guidance excluding several charges.
Virgin Digital Online Music Store Is Open For Business! Virgin is all over the map. Yesterday morning, Sir Richard Branson introduced to the world that he was ready to make astronauts of us all by 2007.
Silicon Still Rocks the House The Internet may have forever changed the music business, but online downloads will keep playing second fiddle to compact discs for at least the next five years.
AT amp;T Wireless sells dedicated messaging device AT amp;T Wireless Services launched a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.
Cybertrust Launches in Latest Merger in Security Market On 21 September 2004, Betrusted and TruSecure announced that they will merge, creating a privately held IT security company called Cybertrust.
Anaheim Angels Team Report - September 28 (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels and Texas Rangers will continue their battle for the division crown this evening, as they continue a four-game series at Ameriquest Field.
Lee on his last chance for Test Brett Lee will have one last chance to convince selectors he is worth a place in Australia #39;s first Test side against India as the tourists take on Mumbai in their only warm-up match here, starting tomorrow.
Okocha set to return vs Baggies Bolton playmaker Jay-Jay Okocha insists he will be fit to face West Brom on Saturday. Okocha was forced to sit out the draw against Birmingham at the weekend after suffering a groin injury in training on Friday.
CORRECTED-Lyle in race for Ryder Cup captaincy Please read second paragraph as  quot;Lyle, 46, told television programme Scotland Today quot; instead of  quot;daily newspaper Scotland Today quot;.
Spanish Catholics attack plans for same-sex marriage The Catholic church in Spain yesterday attacked government plans to legalise gay marriage, saying it would be like releasing a  quot;virus quot; into Spanish society.
Riots in Lebanon after al Qaeda suspect dies in custody After overnight riots, thousands of people in Lebanon staged a protest following the death in custody of a suspected Al-Qaeda activist arrested for alleged bomb plots against Western embassies.
Jobs Picture Weighs on Consumer Confidence Consumer confidence dipped for the second straight month in September, as Americans remained concerned about the employment situation, according to a survey by the Conference Board.
Price hike set Citing higher prices of coffee and sugar, Starbucks says it will raise the average price of its drinks by eleven cents at all 45-hundred stores in North America.
Centene buys Medicaid plan, stock rises 10 pct Centene Corp. (CNC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which sells Medicaid government health insurance plans, said it bought new plans totaling 136,000 new members, pushing its shares 
Colonial BancGroup to Buy Union Bank Colonial BancGroup Inc. on Tuesday said it agreed to acquire Union Bank of Florida in a cash and stock transaction, adding Union #39;s 18 branches to its network of nearly 300 locations.
Study: Compact Disc Rocks On LONDON -- The compact disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on Tuesday.
Hamm, Yang Testify Before Sports Court American Paul Hamm and South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young have testified before the sports world #39;s highest court in a hearing to determine who should win the Olympic men #39;s all-around gymnastics gold medal.
Bolton skipper Okocha fit for West Brom Nigeria skipper Austin Jay Jay Okocha has declared he will be fit for Bolton Wanderers #39; Premiership match at West Brom on Saturday after missing last weekend #39;s 1-1 home draw with Birmingham with a groin strain.
Americans forces bomb Fallujah, battle insurgents in Baghdad American forces unleashed an air strike against a suspected insurgent hideout in Fallujah on Tuesday, the latest in a string of attacks aimed at associates of guerrilla leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
CDs to dominate for years over net downloads, study shows LONDON - The compact disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on Tuesday.
Saudis to Raise Oil Production in Bid to Bring Down Record Prices Saudi Arabia says it will raise oil production in an effort to bring down prices that have soared to more than \$50 a barrel. Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi said Tuesday that the kingdom will step up its daily 
Consumer Confidence Falls Again US consumer confidence edged lower again in September after falling in August, as persistent worries about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on Tuesday said.
Stocks Climb Despite Rising Oil Prices Stocks turned higher Tuesday, sending the Dow Jones industrial average back above the 10,000 mark, as investors shrugged off rising energy prices and focused instead on good corporate news.
P and O cuts back Channel ferries in switch from shipping to ports LONDON : Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Co (P and O) -- the ports, shipping and logistics group -- announced sweeping cuts to its ferry operations to refocus the business in the face of competition from low-cost airlines.
S amp;P cuts debt ratings for SBC, BellSouth, Cingular Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Tuesday lowered the long-term debt ratings on BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , SBC Communications (SBC.
Consumer Confidence Dips in September (AP) AP - Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
Nabi Says Vaccine Helped Smokers Quit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Nabi Biopharmaceuticals &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NABI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NABI.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said its NicVAX nicotine vaccine showed promise in  helping smokers quit smoking in a small clinical trial, sending  its shares up 17 percent.
Any Fannie Mae Restatement Up to SEC--COO  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Whether mortgage finance giant  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; will have to restate its earnings as a  result of accounting problems cited by regulators will be up to  the Securities and Exchange Commission to consider, a company  executive said on Tuesday.
Oil Knocks Yen, Dents Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The yen fell to a six-week low against  the dollar on Tuesday as investors worried that soaring oil  prices could jeopardize Japan's economic recovery.
Treasury Yields Dip on Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury yields retested recent lows  on Tuesday after a soft reading on U.S. consumer sentiment  encouraged those who hope the Federal Reserve will have to slow  the pace of interest rates increases.
Consumer Confidence Slips Again Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
Stocks Open Higher as Investors Shrug Off Oil Spike Stocks opened higher today, with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil producer stocks bolstered by higher crude oil prices.
Motorola to cut 1,000 jobs Telecommunications equipment maker Motorola Inc. said Tuesday that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take charges of about \$50 million for severance benefits as part of a drive to increase productivity.
Cable Titans Team for Adelphia Comcast and Time Warner yesterday announced they will make a joint bid for Adelphia Communications, jumping to the front of the pack in the widely watched auction for the No.
Boeing 7E7 Faces Trouble from Talk of Airbus Rival As Boeing Co gears up for its all-new 7E7 airliner, arch rival Airbus may already be putting 7E7 orders and supplier cost-sharing 
Amaker gains another recruit A day after returning from his visit to the University of Michigan, Price gave a verbal commitment to play basketball for the Wolverines on Monday afternoon.
US planes hit Zarqawi insurgents in Falluja BAGHDAD US forces struck by air Tuesday at what they called a hideout for associates of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Falluja, and troops battled insurgents on a main thoroughfare in Baghdad, the authorities said.
Pakistan Arrests Over a Dozen Suspected Militants Security forces have detained more than a dozen suspected militants, including some linked to al Qaeda, after killing Pakistan #39;s most wanted man in a weekend shootout, intelligence sources said on Tuesday.
Turner to Provide Content for Net TV Co. (AP) AP - Akimbo Systems Inc., a startup that plans to deliver video over the Internet to television sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from Time Warner Inc.'s Turner Broadcasting System.
Hackers Attack Web Site of Qaeda-Linked Iraq Group (Reuters) Reuters - Hackers on Tuesday attacked a Web site of\an al Qaeda-linked group that beheaded two U.S. hostages in\Iraq, rerouting visitors to a page showing a penguin toting a\machine-gun and warning against hosting such sites.
Alpine ships car stereo iPod interface (MacCentral) MacCentral - Alpine Electronics of America Inc. on Tuesday announced it is shipping its Interface Adapter for iPod, model KCA-420i. The  #36;100 product enables Alpine's 2004 Ai-NET in-dash head units to interface with Apple's iPod and iPod mini. First announced in January, the Alpine Interface Adapter for iPod enables Alpine users to navigate their iPod's playlists, search for songs and more using the front panel buttons or remote on compatible Alpine head units. The interface kit can be installed anywhere in the car and charges the iPod's battery when it's connected. ...
Motorola to Cut 1,000 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Telecommunications equipment maker\Motorola Inc.  said on Tuesday that it would cut 1,000\jobs and take related charges of about  #36;50 million to focus on\its wireless business.
Hackers Target Microsoft JPEG Hole (PC World) PC World - Images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable PCs.
Scientist Vies for Human Cloning License (AP) AP - One of the creators of Dolly the sheep, the world's first mammal cloned from an adult, said Tuesday he was seeking permission to create cloned human embryos for medical research.
Asteroid Toutatis Makes Closest Pass in 651 Years (Reuters) Reuters - An asteroid named for a Celtic god\of war will come as close to Earth this week as it has since\1353.
Gambro Halted After Dialysis Sale Report The Stockholm stock exchange halted trade in kidney-care company Gambro on Monday after a report that the Swedish firm might be on the verge of selling its main dialysis operation in a \$3 billion deal.
Kenya Pushes for Ban on Hunting Lions (AP) AP - Kenya is pushing for an international ban on trade in lion trophies and skins, arguing that the number of the animals has declined sharply over the years as a result of hunting, loss of habitat and lack of prey.
Nfld woman buys  #36;17M lotto ticket after telling husband he got the wrong one (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONCTON, N.B. (CP) - A woman from Newfoundland purchased a lottery ticket worth  #36;17.7 million Saturday, after scolding her husband for buying the wrong ticket.
Bush's lead gets smaller in poll (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - President Bush leads Sen. John Kerry by 8 percentage points among likely voters, the latest USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll shows. That is a smaller advantage than the president held in mid-September but shows him maintaining a durable edge in a race that was essentially tied for months.
AdWatch: New Bush Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush to begin airing Tuesday:
Court Takes on Question of Seizing Land (AP) AP - The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to decide when governments may seize people's homes and businesses for economic development projects, a key question as cash-strapped cities seek ways to generate tax revenue.
CNN Producer to Be Released in Gaza Soon-Officials  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian police have tracked down the  Gaza kidnappers of a CNN television producer and expect him to  be freed soon, an Israeli Arab legislator close to the  Palestinian leadership said on Tuesday.
Alvarion to Expand Wireless Broadband in China  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli wireless broadband systems  provider Alvarion Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ALVR.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;ALVR.O&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ALVR.TA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;ALVR.TA&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday that  China Netcom expanded its deployment of Alvarion's systems to  four more Chinese provinces.
Argentine Teen Kills Four in School Shooting  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - A 15-year-old Argentine  killed four fellow students and wounded six on Tuesday in a  school shooting that shocked Argentines unaccustomed to such  violence.
Tata signs Ferrari Formula One deal Ferrari has signed Tata Consultancy Services, India #39;s largest software company, to provide technology and engineering services for the Italian team #39;s vehicle in next year #39;s Formula One season.
Cricket: England name squad Andrew Flintoff and Marcus Trescothick will miss England's controversial tour of Zimbabwe.
Crude Oil Prices Top \$50 Per Barrel LONDON - Crude oil topped the psychological milestone of \$50 per barrel Tuesday for the first time, and a Saudi Arabian oil official said the world's largest petroleum exporter would raise its production capacity by nearly 5 percent in a bid to calm prices.    Analysts said instability in the Middle East, political unrest in Nigeria, Africa's top oil exporter, and damage to U.S...
New \$50 Bill Begins Circulating WASHINGTON - Coming to cash registers near you: Colorful new \$50 bills sporting splashes of red, blue and yellow. Next up for a makeover, the government said Tuesday: \$10 bills...
Consumer Confidence Dips in September NEW YORK - Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.    The Consumer Confidence Index fell 1.9 points to 96.8 from a revised reading of 98.7 in August, according to The Conference Board...
Crude Oil Prices Top \$50 Per Barrel LONDON - Crude oil topped the psychological milestone of \$50 per barrel Tuesday for the first time, and a Saudi Arabian oil official said the world's largest petroleum exporter would raise its production capacity by 15 percent in a bid to calm prices.    Analysts said instability in the Middle East, political unrest in Nigeria, Africa's top oil exporter, and damage to U.S...
U.S. Says More Iraqi Police Are Needed as Attacks Continue At a time when Iraqi insurgents are targeting local police officers and recruits for attack, the United States has raised by one-third -- to 135,000 -- the size of the Iraqi police force it says will be needed to help secure the country, according to information the administration has provided to Congress.
Iraqi Judge Dismisses Chalabi Case The chief investigating judge of Iraq's Central Criminal Court said Monday that he had "temporarily dismissed" a counterfeiting case against Ahmed Chalabi, the exile leader who was supported by the Pentagon before the war but became a leading critic of the U.S. occupation.
Briton Jailed for Arms Dealings  HARARE, Zimbabwe, Sept. 10 -- A Zimbabwean court jailed a former British special services officer for seven years Friday in a case prosecutors linked to a foiled coup attempt in the oil-rich country of Equatorial Guinea.
S. Africans Venture to Black Township Monica Collins briefed her family, made a list of emergency phone numbers and, after consulting her fellow adventurers, selected a vehicle they figured would be safest for the journey, a rugged SUV.
North Korea Resists Talks on Nuclear Arms North Korea said Monday that it will not resume talks on its nuclear weapons program until the Bush administration ends its "hostile policy" against Pyongyang and South Korea publishes complete details of its secret efforts to produce nuclear-weapons-grade fuel.
Peru Ex-President Rejects Extradition Call Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori on Thursday rejected his successor's call, made at the United Nations, for world leaders to press Japan to extradite him to face corruption charges and allegations of involvement in death squad massacres, according to a statement broadcast by news media here.
Former Drug Lord Gunned Down in Brazil Jose Carlos dos Reis Encina, once Brazil's most notorious drug lords, was gunned down on a major avenue Thursday, police said.
News Corp Buys Stake in Sky Italia Australia-based News Corp. has bought Telecom Italia SpA #39;s 19.9 percent stake in satellite television company Sky Italia for euro88 million (US\$108.
Update 5: KarstadtQuell to Sell Nearly Half Stores Struggling German retailer KarstadtQuelle said Tuesday it plans to sell nearly half of its department stores and issue euro500 million (US\$615 million) in shares as it restructures in response to Germany #39;s persistent retail slump.
Canadian spammer hunted by Amazon and Microsoft Online retailer Amazon and Microsoft have teamed up to sue a Canadian spamming operation the companies allege is responsible for sending millions of forged e-mails claiming to have come from Amazon.
PalmSource Takes the Wraps Off Palm OS Cobalt 6.1 PalmSource #39;s European developer conference is going on now in Germany, and this company is using this opportunity to show off Palm OS Cobalt 6.1, the latest version of its operating system.
Hackers Target Microsoft JPEG Hole Malicious hackers are seeding Internet news groups that traffic in pornography with JPEG images that take advantage of a recently disclosed security hole in Microsoft #39;s software, according to warnings from antivirus software companies and Internet 
PalmSource unveils  #39;smart phone #39; operating system In an effort to ring up more sales, PalmSource Inc., of Sunnyvale, known for making the operating system for the Palm handheld computer, on Tuesday introduced a new operating system for so-called  quot;smart phones.
No Wi-Fi for Grantsdale Intel has dropped plans to include integrated Wi-Fi in its 915G/P and 925X chipsets. The chipsets - formerly codenamed Grantsdale - were due to have Wi-Fi access points built in at launch.
Weiner Tops Philippoussis at Shanghai Open (AP) AP - Defending champion Mark Philippoussis lost in the first round of the Shanghai Open on Tuesday, beaten by little-known American Glenn Weiner 3-6, 6-4, 6-4.
Madrid #39;s Olympic bid wins Real support for 2012 Summer Games Madrid has enlisted the support of Real Madrid in an attempt to boost its hopes of staging the 2012 Olympic Games. Madrid #39;s mayor Alberto Ruiz Gallardon described the famous soccer team as  quot;the 
UPDATE 1-Rangnick appointed Schalke coach Bundesliga club Schalke 04 named former Stuttgart and Hanover coach Ralf Rangnick as their new trainer on Tuesday in succession to Jupp Heynckes.
Kewell, Viduka in Australian squad for Oceania soccer final Australian coach Frank Farina has named English Premier League players Harry Kewell and Mark Viduka in his final 20-man soccer squad to play the Solomon Islands in the home-and-away Oceania Nations Cup final series.
China on way to top Athens Paralympics gold table Four gold medals and three world records in the swimming pool featured a weekend of China while three golds from track and field events brought the country to an insurmountable lead at the 12th Paralympic Games Saturday in Athens.
No timetable for Expos move com. Despite reports to the contrary, Major League Baseball has yet to set up a timetable for a decision on the future of the Montreal Expos and a possible move to Washington, DC, baseball #39;s No.
Former NFL Player Bob Mitinger Dies at 64 (AP) AP - Bob Mitinger, a linebacker for the San Diego Chargers in the 1960s, died at 64.
Blair comes out fighting Tony Blair today urged Labour to unite behind a radical third-term agenda as he sought to heal party wounds over Iraq. The Prime Minister said that he realized the war in Iraq had divided 
Enemies unite in plea for CNN man #39;s release IN a rare display of common interest, Palestinian and Israeli officials called yesterday for the freeing of a CNN producer seized by armed men in the Gaza Strip.
Jordan #39;s Abdullah: Iraq not ready for Jan. election King Abdullah of Jordan, one of the United States key allies in the Middle East, has come out strongly against holding elections in Iraq in January.
Bigley forced to watch beheading BRITISH hostage Kenneth Bigley was made to watch a video showing the beheading of one of his American friends before he begged Tony Blair to save his life.
Blair pledges to  #39;end digital divide #39; if re-elected Prime Minister Tony Blair has committed a future Labour government to providing broadband access for all during a next term of office.
Action Against Hunger expands operations in wake of devastation in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After the political crisis at the beginning of the year and the torrential rains last May, Haiti has been hit by tropical storm, Jeanne.
Software AG charts cautious course in China Why go slowly? "You can burn a lot of money in China very fast," a top executive says.
Hackers use porn to target Microsoft JPEG hole Malicious hackers are seeding Internet news groups that traffic in pornography with JPEG images that take advantage of a recently disclosed security hole in Microsoft Corp.'s software, according to warnings from antivirus software companies and Internet security groups.
Toshiba Has Big Plans for Small Drives Company will begin production on sub-1-inch hard drive later this year.
Hackers Target Microsoft JPEG Hole Images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable PCs.
New \$50 Bill Begins Circulating Coming to cash registers near you: Colorful new \$50 bills sporting splashes of red, blue and yellow. Next up for a makeover, the government said Tuesday: \$10 bills.
New Design for My Yahoo Adds Screen Real Estate New Design for My Yahoo Adds Screen Real Estate\\Yahoo is now allowing My Yahoo users to test out the new My Yahoo layout. Yahoo! lists the new features to be found at the new My Yahoo here. Jeremy Zawodny has some great information on this in his entry named New ...
MoreGoogle : Enhances your Google Experience MoreGoogle : Enhances your Google Experience\\Google seems to be the worlds favorite search engine. It is famous for its bare interface that focuses more on speed and accurate results than eye candy. And apparently some people find it to be too bare. That is why we have had tools like ...
Goldcorp and Wheaton River gold producers strike friendly merger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Wheaton River Minerals Ltd. - after failing to complete a friendly merger and then avoiding a hostile takeover so far this year - spent Monday promoting the virtues of an agreed merger with Goldcorp Inc.
Sony Vaio Pocket VGF-AP1L digital music player &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; review&lt;/strong&gt; Does colour screen  touch-sensitive control pad = iPod killer?
Hardie board protecting chief exective, say unions TONY JONES: Unions and asbestos victims have accused the James Hardie Board of protecting the chief architects of its underfunded compensation trust.
Branson #39;s  #39;Enterprise #39; Brings Final Frontier Within Reach Richard Branson has announced plans for the VSS (Virgin Space Ship) Enterprise, the first of several planned  quot;space liners quot; to be built with a total investment of \$110 million.
Elephant DNA sheds light on ivory origin By analyzing elephant DNA, a research team led by Seattle scientists has discovered a way to trace the origins of ivory and help stem the poaching that still threatens the giant beasts across much of their habitat.
Microsoft ends free Outlook access for Hotmail One of the drawing points for Microsoft #39;s free Hotmail service has been its tight integration with its Outlook e-mail and PIM client.
Athens Paralympics ends with China on top China turned out a great surprise in the 12-day-long 12th Paralympic Games which closed here on Tuesday, topping the gold medal tally with 63.
India #39;s diplomatic gains in UN Manmohan Singh #39;s recent trip to the United Nations General Assembly in New York, his first as India #39;s prime minister, has been widely seen as a diplomatic triumph.
Dell Debuts Compact PC (PC World) PC World - Slim Dimension desktop features an 8-in-1 memory card reader.
Bubble in crude? A minority of analysts say oil is way too high and prices could tumble -- but will they? by Mark Gongloff, CNN/Money senior writer.
Consumer Confidence Falls Again in Sept. US consumer confidence edged lower again in September after falling in August, as persistent worries about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on Tuesday said.
Microsoft #39;s European Catch-22 It #39;s a real pity that the classic American sitcom Diff #39;rent Strokes never got broadcast in Luxembourg. If it had, I could almost see the judges at Microsoft #39;s antitrust hearing 
Amazon, Microsoft team for spam suits IT industry leaders Amazon.com and Microsoft said Tuesday that they have joined forces to file several lawsuits targeting individuals accused of carrying out Internet crimes such as spamming, phishing and e-mail address spoofing.
UPDATE 1-Steelworkers challenge Cooper Tire parts unit sale The union representing workers at four Cooper Tire and Rubber Co. (CTB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) plants said on Tuesday that it has sued to block the company #39;s proposed sale of its auto parts business to two buyout firms.
Comcast, Time Warner eye Adelphia Philadelphia #39;s Comcast and Time Warner are considering a bid to buy bankrupt Adelphia Communications, the New York Times reported Tuesday.
Rising Sun for Ingram Micro (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Information technology spending is growing significantly -- that is, in other countries such as China and India. According to an IDC study, China's IT growth is expected to be 15 annually and India's about 20.
DNA testing to pinpoint origin of illegal ivory A new genetic technique to pinpoint where various ivory comes from could help to thwart ivory smugglers. By indicating the origin of a specific ivory shipment with an accuracy of 500 to 1000 kilometres, it 
Trojan horse exploits image flaw Infected graphical images that can implant a backdoor into a Windows computer if they are viewed have been spotted on Usenet. EasyNews, a provider of Usenet newsgroups, said it has identified two JPEG images 
Palm Produces Smartphone OS Palmsource has introduced a new version of Cobalt, its software platform for smartphones. The new smartphone OS includes Wi-Fi and Bluetooth support and an enhanced Web browser.
Budget Version of Windows Headed for Russia Priced at about US\$36, the Starter Edition gives users limited options and features, compared to the standard Windows version. Microsoft hopes the low price will help it compete in Russia 
Toshiba trumps iPod with 60GB rival Toshiba is releasing four new portable digital music devices - one boasting a 60GB capacity - to rival Apple #39;s iPod and iPod mini.
Security firms merge to form Cybertrust A new managed security behemoth has been created by the merger of three security vendors. Betrusted Holdings, TruSecure and Ubizen (a subsidiary of Betrusted) will amalgamate and form a new company, known as Cybertrust.
Blackburn set to sign French World Cup winner Youri Djorkaeff Blackburn Rovers are poised to sign French World Cup winner Youri Djorkaeff, who was released by Bolton in the close-season, the English Premiership soccer club said.
Thurig wins world time trial title BARDOLINO, Italy -- Swiss racer Karin Thurig won the women #39;s world time trial title at the championships in Bardolino, to claim her first major international crown.
Protesters twice disrupt Blair #39;s speech at Labor #39;s conference Protesters have twice disrupted British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s speech at his ruling Labor #39;s annual conference in Brighton, southern England, as thousands of pro-hunt campaigners 
Jordan #39;s King Worries About Iraq Elections PARIS Sept. 28, 2004 - Extremists will have the upper hand in Iraqi elections if voting is held amid the current violence, Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II said in an interview published Tuesday, voicing profound 
Palestinian killed on intifada anniversary JENIN, West Bank : A Palestinian was killed by Israeli fire as the Palestinian uprising entered its fifth year. Saleh Bilalu, a 47-year-old mentally ill man, was killed in Jenin after he violated an Israeli 
Shell Output Unchanged After Staff Evacuation Multinational oil giant, Royal Dutch/Shell has disclosed that its out put remains unchanged despite its evacuation of non-essential staff from two oil production plants in its eastern operations area in the Niger- Delta where Nigerian troops are engaged 
Taiwan foreign minister criticises Singapore TAIPEI : Taiwan Foreign Minister Mark Chen has lashed out at Singapore over remarks by the Republic #39;s own Foreign Minister George Yeo at the United Nations.
Motorola to cut 1,000 jobs ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Telecommunications equipment maker Motorola said Tuesday that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take related 
Baseball Announcement Could Come Thursday According to several baseball officials, District residents could learn on Thursday that Major League Baseball plans to return to the national capital next season.
Pakistani forces arrest several Al Qaeda suspects Pakistani security forces arrested several suspects on Monday, including some linked to Al Qaeda network. The arrests came one day after Pakistani security forces killed a senior Al Qaeda operative, Amjad Farooqi, in a raid in southern Pakistan.
Kidd to Make Season Debut Versus Raptors (Reuters) Reuters - New Jersey guard\Jason Kidd is expected to make his season debut Monday, when\the Nets host the Toronto Raptors at Continental Airlines\Arena.
Northern Afghan warlord gathers thousands for presidential rally (AFP) AFP - Northern Afghan warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostam held the biggest rally of Afghanistan's presidential campaign with a gathering of thousands in his northern home town.
Striking N.B. hospital workers protest at meeting of Atlantic premiers (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONCTON, N.B. (CP) - Hundreds of striking hospital workers demonstrated outside a Moncton hotel where Premier Bernard Lord and his Atlantic counterparts were meeting Tuesday.
Supreme Court Takes Up Okla. Voting Case (AP) AP - The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to decide if political parties can open their primaries to all voters, in a constitutional challenge to Oklahoma's voting system.
MMO2 defends cautious 3G approach MMO2 defends its decision not to join the current push to roll-out third generation (3G) mobile phone services, as it launches a PC plug-in card  for laptop users.
Defense, IT Companies Form Standards Group  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The five top U.S. defense  contractors, communications companies joined on Tuesday with  some European rivals to develop technology standards that will  allow better communication among future weapons systems.
Motorola to cut 1,000 jobs SEPTEMBER 28, 2004 (REUTERS) - Telecommunications equipment maker Motorola Inc. said today that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take related charges of about \$50 million to focus on its wireless business.
Snap-On plunges on Q3 warning SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Snap-On Inc. plunged 11 percent early Tuesday after the tool and equipment maker warned of lower third-quarter profits due to higher steel costs, weakness in Europe and disruptions from hurricanes in the US.
Harrah #39;s/Caesars Expects Payoff As I #39;ve said before, I don #39;t think Harrah #39;s Entertainment (NYSE: HET) could have hoped for much better. Late last month, casino operator Harrah #39;s and merger partner Caesars 
British Scientists Invent One Terabyte Optical Disk The surface of CDs and DVDs are made up of microscopic grooves filled with areas known as pits and land regions, which carry the information.
VoIP tools firm ready to battle  quot;SPIT quot; With the increasing popularity of VoIP,  quot;SPIT quot; (SPam over Internet Telephony) has the potential to be an even bigger problem than its email counterpart.
America Online Courts Mobile Developers Hoping to accelerate AOL instant messaging (IM) on mobile devices, America Online has launched the Mobile Developer Program. OZ, LG Electronics, Motorola, Samsung Telecommunications America and Siemens have signed on as charter members.
Knight slams NCAA in Washington Texas Tech men #39;s coach Bob Knight was the guest speaker Monday at the National Press Club, offering his opinions on basketball topics and downplaying any ambitions to make the jump to politics from the world of sports.
From Spam to SPIT It doesn #39;t exist yet, but you know it #39;s coming. Spam on your cell phone is only a matter of time. What was once the province of small companies like Vonage and 8x8 (Nasdaq 
Blair Makes Partial Iraq Apology to Win Back Party  BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Tony Blair offered his Labour  party on Tuesday a partial apology for waging war in Iraq,  striving to pull angry supporters behind him ahead of an  election next year.
Afghan Election Bandwagon Creaks Into Motion  SHIBERGHAN, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghanistan's election  bandwagon creaked into motion on Tuesday with a leading  candidate drawing the biggest crowd of the campaign so far.
174 NHL Players in Europe During Lockout (AP) AP - Dmitri Afanasenkov of the Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay Lightning became the latest NHL player to head to Europe, agreeing on Tuesday to return home to Russia during the lockout.
Motorola to Cut 1,000 Jobs, Take Charge Motorola Inc. will cut 1,000 jobs worldwide and take a charge of \$50 million for severance benefits, officials said Tuesday.
Consumer Confidence Falls Again in Sept.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer confidence edged lower  again in September after falling in August, as persistent  worries about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on  Tuesday said.
All 50 States Post Personal Income Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. personal incomes rose 1.5  percent in the second quarter of 2004, the fastest pace of  growth in more than three years as income gains sped up in 33  states, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
Blair Offers His Party a Qualified Apology for Iraq War Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain apologized for flawed intelligence but not for removing Saddam Hussein.
Fannie Mae Restatement Up to SEC - COO  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Whether mortgage finance giant  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; will have to restate its earnings as a  result of accounting problems cited by regulators will be up to  the Securities and Exchange Commission to consider, a company  executive said on Tuesday.
Titan Appoints Ethics-Compliance Officer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Titan Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TTN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TTN.N&lt;/A&gt;, a defense  contractor that saw its proposed purchase by Lockheed Martin  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LMT.N&lt;/A&gt; scuttled as a government bribery probe dragged  on, said on Tuesday it had appointed a compliance and ethics  officer.
Update 1: Zoellick, Mandelson in Airbus-Boeing Talks New EU Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson began talks Monday with his US counterpart Robert Zoellick, with the global trade negotiations and a dispute over aircraft subsidies high on their agenda, Mandelson #39;s spokeswoman said.
Telecom Italia Shares Suspended Shares in Telecom Italia SpA were suspended from trading for two days on Monday, ahead of an expected buyout attempt by the company of its mobile unit Telecom Italia Mobile SpA, or TIM.
Saudi Arabia To Boost Output as Oil Tops \$50 The Saudi announcement came after oil prices moved above the US\$50 per barrel mark. Oil analyst Deborah White at Societe General bank, said:  quot;The Saudi announcement is not a surprise.
Industry veterans bet on open-source model A team of computer industry veterans including a former Microsoft executive are launching an open-source company that aims to be the Dell of the software industry.
ConocoPhillips Favorites in Lukoil Auction When a 7.6 percent stake in Lukoil - the world #39;s No. 2 oil company by reserves - goes under the auction hammer Wednesday in Russia #39;s biggest privatization, industry watchers aren #39;t expecting any surprises.
Silicon Still Rocks the House (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Internet may have forever changed the music business, but online downloads will keep playing second fiddle to compact discs for at least the next five years.
Cisco Extends Catalyst Switching Products for SMBs Cisco Systems has released a suite of new Cisco Catalyst switching products and services specifically designed and priced for small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs).
Turner to provide content for Net TV co. SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Akimbo Systems Inc., a startup that plans to deliver video over the Internet to television sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from Time Warner Inc.
Munich Set to Approve Linux Despite Patent Worries (Reuters) Reuters - More than a year after the German\city of Munich declared its landmark intention to abandon\Microsoft Windows in favor of upstart rival Linux, its\councillors are finally ready to go ahead with the plan.
Real Madrid host AS Roma in a game of survival The Santiago Bernabeu will be under the spotlights when Real host Roma in a clash the loser of which will be in dire straits. Both sides are enjoying poor league form and injury worries as their new coaches 
US will battle host Spaniards in Seville Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - The United States and Spain will play their 2004 Davis Cup final on a clay court at Olympic Stadium in Seville, from December 3-5.
Top Seed Federer Struggles Through in Thai Opener Top seed Roger Federer toiled to beat battling Frenchman Nicolas Thomann and reach the second round of the Thailand Open on Tuesday.
Angels try to keep pace with A #39;s The Anaheim Angels will again try to grab a share of the division lead and further hinder the Texas Rangers chances of winning the West when the teams continue their four-game series at Ameriquest Field in Arlington.
Dodgers hope to trim magic number to 2 The Los Angeles Dodgers hope to move a step closer to clinching the NL West when they continue their four-game series with the Colorado Rockies.
Abducted CNN Producer Released in Gaza GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Sept. 28, 2004 - An Israeli Arab who works as a producer for the TV network CNN was released Tuesday, a day after he was kidnapped at gunpoint, relatives and Palestinian police said.
More Arrested in Pakistan Following Killing of Al-Qaida Leader Pakistani security forces have arrested more suspected militants in a series of raids following Sunday #39;s killing of a top al-Qaida leader and the arrest of two of his aides.
Who Governs the West Bank? Who Governs the West Bank? Palestinian Administration under Israeli Occupation,* the latest report from the International Crisis Group, examines that system, which faces its most acute crisis since the Oslo process was launched in 1993.
Munich Set to Approve Linux Despite Patent Worries  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - More than a year after the German  city of Munich declared its landmark intention to abandon  Microsoft Windows in favor of upstart rival Linux, its  councillors are finally ready to go ahead with the plan.
Delta to Cut Execs, Workers Pay by 10 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said  it would reduce the pay of executives and frontline employees  by 10 percent as of Jan. 1 as part of its drive to slash costs  and avoid bankruptcy.
Mirant subsidiary settles CFTC pricing manipulation claims ATLANTA A Mirant Corporation subsidiary has agreed to pay 12-and-a-half (M) million dollars to settle government claims. The federal government accused the bankrupt Atlanta-based energy supplier of trying 
Court Rules Against Europe's Antitrust Chief in MCI Case The European Commission was wrong to block the proposed \$120 billion merger four years ago between MCI WorldCom and Sprint, a European court ruled today.
Briefly: Ex-HP exec joins StreamServe board roundup Plus: Credit union beefs up database security...Computer scientists slam e-voting machines..."The Sims 2" hits 1 million sales.
Ex-HP exec joins StreamServe board Peter Blackmore, who lost his job at Hewlett-Packard in August, is now a director of the board for the Swedish software company.
Industry veterans bet on open-source model A former Microsoft executive and other tech bigwigs fund SourceLabs, an open-source start-up focused on maintenance and support.
Fuel price flying off the handle The airline industry is expected to lose as much as \$4-b in 2004 due to the high fuel costs, despite an increase of about 19 in international passenger traffic so far this year.
Amazon, Microsoft team for spam suits com September 28, 2004, 8:37 AM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Lowe #39;s Builds High Expectations Either there is a reliable crystal ball somewhere in Lowe #39;s (NYSE: LOW) corporate boardroom, or management of the home improvement retailer feels quite confident about its prognostication skills.
S amp;P Lowers Ratings on BellSouth, SBC On September 28, 2004, Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services lowered its ratings on regional Bell operating companies (RBOCs) BellSouth (BLS ) and SBC Communications (SBC ) and their jointly-owned affiliate, Cingular Wireless.
ConocoPhillips hands-down favorite in Lukoil auction MOSCOW Houston-based ConocoPhillips is seen as the front-runner in an auction for a stake in the Russian oil company Lukoil. A seven-point-six percent stake in the world #39;s Number Two oil company by reserves 
Dawn of the Terabyte DVD Using a novel new approach, scientists at the Imperial College in London are on the path to optical storage that dwarfs the capacities of current DVD #39;s and even upcoming, blue laser-based discs.
FCC TO VOTE ON DIGITAL TV PLAN September 28, 2004 -- Michael Powell, chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, plans to hold a vote this year on a proposal to require US television broadcasters such as Viacom Inc.
Arsenal midfielder Gilberto out with back injury LONDON, Sep 28 (SW) - Arsenal FCs Brazilian midfielder Gilberto has been ruled out of action for no less than a month with a back injury.
Djorkaeff in Blackburn Talks Youri Djorkaeff is in talks with Blackburn, according to the Frenchman #39;s agent. The 36-year-old has been at Ewood Park discussing a move, but nothing has yet been agreed and it is understood that no medical has taken place yet.
Italian Hostages Released in Iraq Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi confirmed on Tuesday that two female Italian aid workers who had been taken hostage in Iraq had been released and turned over to the Italian Red Cross.
Blair gives partial Iraq apology Tony Blair has offered his Labour party a partial apology for waging war in Iraq, striving to pull angry supporters behind him ahead of an election next year.
Jordan king: Iraq unsafe for poll Jordan #39;s King Abdullah says only extremists will gain if Iraqi elections go ahead as planned in January. In a text distributed in advance of an interview with the French daily newspaper 
Trojan horse exploits image flaw Infected pictures that could implant a back door into a Windows computer have been spotted on Usenet.
Morgan Stanley Is Fined \$100,000 by NASD Morgan Stanley was slapped with a \$100,000 fine from regulators on Monday after the investment bank failed to tell municipal bond investors that their holdings could be redeemed before the maturity date.
Motorola to cut 1,000 jobs worldwide Motorola Inc. is laying off 1,000 employees in conjunction with its upcoming chip unit spinoff and ongoing efforts to reduce operating costs, the company said Tuesday in a regulatory filing.
Panasonic Readies Speedy SD Cards New line of flash memory cards will transfer data twice as fast as current cards.
News: Terrorists grow fat on email scams Organisations such as al-Qaeda, ETA en PKK are copying Nigerian scams to fund terrorism, two Dutch experts told Dutch daily De Telegraaf this week.\
Security firm hires writer of worms (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Here's one way for a company to get noticed in the crowded world of Internet security: Hire someone whose r eacute;sum eacute; is topped off with a job title "virus author."
Nokia delivers 3G network expansion to MTC in Bahrain (AFP) AFP - Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, said it would provide telecom network equipment to MTC in Bahrain with the aim of rolling out third generation 3G mobile services across the Gulf state by the end of 2004.
Start-up strives for open-source compatibility (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - A new Seattle start-up called SourceLabs seeks to solve a longstanding problem with the popular open-source software movement: Components often don't talk with each other.
Greek plane lands in Ireland in second bomb alert in three days (AFP) AFP - An Olympic Airlines plane bound for New York was diverted to Ireland following a bomb alert, just three days after the Greek carrier was rocked by a similar incident, airport officials said.
Tiny Crawford Newspaper Endorses Kerry (AP) AP - A weekly newspaper that bills itself as President Bush's hometown paper endorsed John Kerry for president, saying the Massachusetts senator will restore American dignity.
Delta Announces Details of Wage Cuts ATLANTA Sept. 28, 2004 - Delta Air Lines Inc. is cutting the pay of executives, administrative staff and some other employees by 10 percent, increasing the shared cost of health care coverage and making 
Centene will buy FirstGuard for \$93M Centene Corp. has agreed to buy FirstGuard Inc. from Swope Community Enterprises for about \$93 million in cash and enter the Missouri and Kansas markets.
A bowling alley for Christmas? If that doesn #39;t make your gift fantasy come true, you could also hope for a \$20,000 custom-fitted suit of armor. The two items are just a sampling of the ultimate fantasy gifts featured in luxury retailer 
Delta Air to Cut Pay 10 Percent for Most Workers (Update1) Delta Air Lines Inc. said it will cut pay 10 percent for executives and most other employees to help reduce costs as the company tries to avoid filing for bankruptcy protection.
An optical disk that could store the whole Simpson saga! LONDON: This one is surely good news for Simpsons #39; fans. Physicists at Imperial College London are developing a new optical disk that could store all 350 scheduled episodes of The Simpsons , totalling 8,080 minutes of film.
Defense, IT Companies Form Standards Group The five top US defense contractors, communications companies joined on Tuesday with some European rivals to develop technology standards that will allow better communication among future weapons systems.
CDs to Dominate for Years Over Net Downloads-Study The compact disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on Tuesday.
New OSes, applications from PalmSource PalmSource has been busy lately, and has now announced updates to both of its OS lines as well as a new web browser and OTA installer.
Gilberto out at least one month London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal midfielder Gilberto Silva will be shut down for at least one month as he attempts to recover from a back injury.
Expos  #39;set for DC switch #39; Major League Baseball is set to confirm that the Montreal Expos will move to Washington for the 2005 season, according to reports.
Colorado Rockies Team Report - September 28 (Sports Network) - The Colorado Rockies continue a four-game series versus the NL West-leading Los Angeles Dodgers tonight at Dodger Stadium.
NBA Ratifies Referees Five-Year Contract (AP) AP - NBA referees have entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season.
FIFA to Discipline for Doping Sanctions (AP) AP - The soccer federations of France, Italy and the Netherlands will be disciplined by FIFA, which cited them for being lax on drug infractions.
Italian Hostages in Iraq Released DOHA, September 28 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - The hostage crisis in Iraq saw a breakthrough Tuesday, September 28, as the two Italian female hostages in Iraq have been released, hours after three others, including an Egyptian, were also freed.
Mush says situation with India encouraging #39;, Manmohan sincere : India News  gt; Paris, Sept 28 : Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has said that the ongoing peace process with India was encouraging.
Turin Unveils Mascots as Countdown Begins  ROME (Reuters) - Italy revved its marketing engine on  Tuesday with the unveiling of two frosty-faced mascots for the  2006 Winter Olympics.
Index Funds Can Be a Great Tool (AP) AP - If you've got better things to do than pour over the finer points of your stock portfolio, and you don't care to study the performance records and investing styles of mutual fund managers, chances are you've invested in an equity index fund.
Nigeria Threat Pushes Oil Over \$50 Bbl  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices raced to new record highs  above \$50 on Tuesday as rebel threats against Nigerian oil  facilities threatened to inflict further strain on global  supplies.
All 50 States Post Personal Income Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. personal incomes rose 1.5  percent in the second quarter of 2004, the fastest pace of  growth in more than three years, as income gains sped up in 33  states, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
Stocks Rise, Led by Oil, Metal Companies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Tuesday as  rising oil and other commodity prices drove up shares of major  energy and metal producers.
Delta to Cut Employee Pay 10 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said it will reduce executive and employee pay by 10 percent  starting in January and its CEO will go unpaid for the rest of  the year as it tries to cut costs to avert bankruptcy.
Stocks Rise, Led by Oil, Metal Companies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks edged higher on Tuesday as  rising oil and other commodity prices drove up shares of major  energy and metal producers.
Confidence Index Drops, So Do Treasuries  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices fell on Tuesday in  profit-taking after a weaker-than-expected consumer confidence  index failed to punch key yields below recent lows.
Delta cuts executive, staff pay by 10 Cost cuts are part of its effort to avoid bankruptcy; CEO will skip salary for the remainder of  #39;04. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines said Tuesday it would reduce the pay of executives and frontline employees by 10 percent as of Jan.
AtheroGenics Shares Jump on Early Data Shares of drug company AtheroGenics Inc. opened up 81 percent Tuesday morning and remained at high levels after the company revealed promising clinical data late Monday for a drug to treat hardening arteries.
Local Bank Buys Florida Banks Montgomery-based Colonial BancGroup Incorporated has agreed to buy Union Bank of Florida for about 233 million dollars. In a statement Tuesday, Colonial says Union Bank operates 18 branches and holds 687 million in total deposits.
UPDATE 1-Nextel to sell half of its 18 percent stake in NII Nextel Communications Inc. (NXTL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) plans a public offering of 6.2 million shares of mobile phone service provider NII Holdings Inc.
Wachovia faces possible SEC action SEC may take civil action against the bank #39;s brokerage unit on improper mutual fund trading charges. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wachovia Corp.
Genetic Analysis Could Reveal Origin Of Ivory Scientists led by Samuel Wasser of the University of Washington collected manure samples in areas inhabited by African elephants. The geneticists isolated DNA from the manure and transferred it into the database.
Amazon, Microsoft Sue Spammers, Phishers Amazon.com and Microsoft Tuesday announced that they had joined forces to put spammers and phishing scammers in new legal crosshairs.
CDs  #39;will dominate music market #39; The CD will stay the most popular music format until at least the end of the decade when digital music will begin to challenge its crown, says a new survey.
PalmSource #39;s BlackBerry effort bears fruit This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. PalmSource said on Tuesday that it is releasing the e-mail application interface needed 
Dolly creator seeks human cloning One of the creators of Dolly the sheep, the world #39;s first mammal cloned from an adult, said Tuesday he was seeking permission to create cloned human embryos for medical research.
Officials open training camp Sunday NEW YORK -- NBA referees have entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season.
Snow and ice: Olympic mascot for Turin Olympics Two cartoon characters named Neve and Gliz, representing a ball of snow and block of ice, are the mascot for the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics.
San Francisco #39;s  #39;Candlestick #39; Now  #39;Monster Park #39; San Francisco renamed its most storied sports stadium  quot;Monster Park quot; on Tuesday, in a deal that trades \$6 million from an electronics cable company for the name to Candlestick Park.
Canadians Fret as Americans Forget About Lockout When NHL commissioner Gary Bettman announced on September 15 that the league had failed to reach a new Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) and would lock out the players it drove an icy spike through the hearts of hockey-mad Canadians.
Arafat steps in to help hostage as Brown calls Blair to order LONDON - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has pledged to help efforts for the release of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage held captive in Iraq, the civil engineer #39;s brother says.
Stocks show early strength Bargain hunting is sending stock prices higher even as oil futures top 50 dollars per barrel. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 29 points in today #39;s early going.
Consumer confidence declines for second straight month in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, September 28 (newratings.com) - The US Consumer Confidence Index declined for the second consecutive month in September this year, primarily driven by the persisting deterioration in the consumers #39; outlook for the job market trends.
The CD is king Sales of downloaded digital music in Europe will continue to grow steadily in the next five years, but will not replace the CD anytime soon.
New Network Consortium Cites Power Of Shared Systems A group of 28 IT, defense and integration companies formed a new consortium to develop technology standards and guidelines that will aid collaboration among military, intelligence, homeland security and law enforcement agencies.
Russia is Fourth Country for Windows XP Starter Edition Microsoft this week announced that it #39;s expanding its Windows XP Starter Edition into Russia. The company said that it hopes to get the software to PC OEMs in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States by early 2005.
AOL Targets Mobile IM America Online is building alliances with mobile phone manufacturers and wireless carriers in an effort to build its share of the emerging mobile instant-messaging market.
Freescale Unveils Dual Core Processor Architecture How about an embedded processor that #39;s designed to deliver a quantum leap in performance and system bandwidth while keeping power in check?
Beckham and Owen fit the bill for Real David Beckham has recovered from a virus and is expected to take his place in the Real Madrid starting line-up for tonight #39;s Champions League Group B clash with AS Roma.
Mascots for Turin Winter Olympics unveiled Two cartoon characters named Neve and Gliz, representing a ball of snow and block of ice, are the mascot for the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics.
Snow and ice: Olympic mascot for Turin Olympics ROME - Two cartoon characters named Neve and Gliz, representing a ball of snow and block of ice, are the mascot for the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics.
Ralf Rangnick hired as Schalke coach Ralf Rangnick was named head coach of Schalke on Tuesday, taking over the German Bundesliga team from Jupp Heynkes, who was sacked two weeks ago.
Motorola trimming 1,000 jobs Motorola Inc. says it #39;s cutting about 1,000 jobs, or about 1 percent of its workforce, as it winds up its spinoff of Austin-based chip company Freescale Semiconductor Inc.
Israeli Troops Kill Unarmed Palestinian The violence in the occupied territories continued Tuesday as Israeli troops shot dead an unarmed Palestinian described by witnesses as mentally handicapped.
Delta to Cut Executive Pay by 10 Percent The airline also announced today that it was increasing the shared cost of health care coverage and as part of its plan to avoid bankruptcy.
Crude futures rise above \$43 a barrel as markets look to OPEC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil futures prices rose above \$43 a barrel Monday after an attack at the US consulate in Saudi Arabia and amid growing concerns that OPEC may try to firm-up oil prices after last week #39;s sharp sell-off.
Nutraceutical Is Still Very Healthy The company's stock has had a rough few months, but the business still looks strong.
The Power of Pensions A guaranteed check for life is a beautiful thing. Unfortunately, that beauty is fading.
Organizers Call Off Blue-Gray Classic (AP) AP - The Blue-Gray All-Star Classic has been called off for the second time in three years because officials couldn't find a corporate sponsor for the Christmas Day showcase for aspiring NFL players.
Study: CDs Still Overshadow Digital-Music Downloads The CD will remain the dominant format for music distribution in Europe at least until the end of the decade, according to a new study.
Dolly #39;s Creator Applies for Human Cloning License Scientists who created Dolly the sheep, the world #39;s first cloned mammal, applied for a license on Tuesday to clone human embryos to obtain stem cells for research into Motor Neurone Disease.
French forward Youri Djorkaeff joins Blackburn French forward Youri Djorkaeff joined Blackburn on a short-term deal Tuesday. The 36-year-old former World Cup winner, who has been a free agent since his contract with Bolton expired 
Turin Unveils Mascots as Countdown Begins Italy revved its marketing engine on Tuesday with the unveiling of two frosty-faced mascots for the 2006 Winter Olympics. Meet Neve and Gliz: a grinning snowball and an upbeat 
Assassination Of Hamas Leader In Syria Sparks Calls For Revenge Israeli diplomatic and other missions abroad have raised their alert levels in response to threats after the assassination of Hamas terrorist Iz a Din al-Sheikh Khalil in Damascus Sunday.
Virgin Mobile update hits shares (FT.com) FT.com - Shares in Virgin Mobile fell back below July's float price on Tuesday as analysts and investors interpreted a trading update from the company as a surprise revenue warning.
Cheetahs Flourish on Spanish Plain (Reuters) Reuters - Stalking teddy bears and towels\before retiring to harass the family dog, 12-week-old cheetah\cub Bunjee was blissfully unconcerned by the cameras trailing\him around the Heidenreichs' house.
Memo to Carly - HP customers need help! &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; I ordered ProLiant servers, but all I got was this lousy fan
Rooney Needs to Make Up Ground Wayne Rooney will have to improve considerably on his showing last season if he is to make an impact at Manchester United, according to the Actim Index.
Britain's combative Blair refuses to apologise for Iraq conflict (AFP) AFP - A combative Prime Minister Tony Blair refused to apologise for taking Britain into the Iraq war, as he rallied his governing Labour Party to unite and win a third straight term in a general election likely to take place in 2005.
INTERVIEW: Sony Chases Rivals in Image Chip Race  TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp., the world leader in video  equipment, finds itself in the unusual position of playing  catch-up in the next battleground for technology used in  cameras, video recorders and phones.
Sudan's government, rebels call on world to provide 300 million dollars in aid (AFP) AFP - Representatives of the Sudanese government and the southern rebel Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM) urged the world community to provide 300 million dollars (244 million euros) in aid to cover emergency needs.
Kerry, Bush Votes Could Affect State Races (AP) AP - State Sen. Neil Schuerer is a small-town lawmaker not accustomed to rubbing shoulders with world leaders. But the Republican shared the stage with Dick Cheney during a recent campaign appearance in which he was given a few minutes to talk to the crowd before the start of the vice president's speech.
Greek Plane Diverted to Ireland After Bomb Threat  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A Greek plane heading for New York from  Athens made an emergency landing in Ireland on Tuesday after a  bomb alert -- the second such incident in three days.
Indian probe of 'mad cow blood' India orders an investigation into reports it may have received contaminated blood from Britain.
Consumer Confidence Dips on Job Worries NEW YORK - Job worries helped push consumer confidence down in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.    The Consumer Confidence Index fell 1.9 points to 96.8 from a revised reading of 98.7 in August, according to The Conference Board...
Americans Forces Strike Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - American forces bombed a suspected hide-out used by the militant group of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Fallujah on Tuesday, and the military said its frequent strikes have taken a toll on the leadership of the Jordanian-born terror leader's network.    But in a sign of strength, dozens of militants - some waving banners of al-Zarqawi's Tawhid and Jihad group - drove freely through the streets of another central Iraqi city, Samarra, where U.S...
Upgrades, staffing costs squeeze British IT budgets A U.K. survey finds little money left over for new investment, and that Linux is not leaving its mark on the desktop.
With RFID, corporate might makes right Retail powerhouses such as Wal-Mart gather in Baltimore to push development of controversial tagging technology.
Dell, Topspin tout InfiniBand clusters Dell's new servers, which use 96-port TS270 switch and other networking equipment, will be available by Oct. 31, Dell said.
Oil Is Steady After Reaching Record \$50.47 on Supply Concern Oil futures were little changed after touching a record \$50.47 a barrel on concern Nigerian rebels will follow through on threats to cut shipments from the fifth-largest supplier to the US.
UPDATE 1-Delta to cut employee pay 10 pct, CEO declines pay Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it will reduce executive and employee pay by 10 percent starting in January and its CEO will go unpaid for 
Motorola Makes Cuts, Focuses On Wireless In a move designed to hone in on its wireless business and reduce operating costs, Motorola is handing out 1,000 pink slips and will take a charge of \$50 million.
Why are oil prices so high? LONDONUS crude prices on the New York Mercantile Exchange hit fresh record highs on Tuesday, hitting \$50.47 a barrel, up nearly 55 percent from the start of the year.
Centene expands into Missouri, Kansas markets Centene Corp., the parent company of West Allis-based health maintenance organization Managed Health Services Insurance Corp., said Tuesday that it has agreed to buy two FirstGuard health plans serving a total of 136,000 members in Missouri and Kansas for 
SEC focusing on drug makers The Securities and Exchange Commission is scrutinizing biotechnology companies as part of a wider effort to ensure that companies don #39;t mislead investors 
Amazon and Microsoft Join in Lawsuit Against Spammers The joint lawsuit was filed yesterday in federal court in Seattle against Gold Disk Canada and its principals -- Barry, Eric and Matthew Head -- and accuses them of misusing Microsoft #39;s Hotmail 
-Posted by dan.farber  10:50 am (PDT) Former Microsoft senior vice president Brad Silverberg and some ex-BEA executives are teaming up to launch an open-source company that aims to become the Dell of the softwareindustry.
Freescale unveils dual-core PowerPC architecture Freescale, Motorola #39;s semiconductor subsidiary until July of this year, announced first details about its dual-core core strategy for the e600 PowerPC platform.
AT amp;T Offers IM, Email and Text Messaging On The Go At an affordable device price of \$99 (after \$30 mail-in rebate) with unlimited messaging plans starting at only \$17.99 per month, Ogo provides customers with a wireless messaging device priced for the typical consumer.
Mascots for Turin Winter Olympics Unveiled (AP) AP - Cartoon characters named Neve and Gliz, representing a ball of snow and a block of ice, are the mascots for the 2006 Turin Olympics.
Founding father Gerry Snyder feels city government let Expos down MONTREAL (CP) - Ask a dozen Montreal Expos fans why the team is on the verge of departure after 35 years of existence, and you #39;ll get a dozen different answers.
Porto experience is no advantage says Chelsea #39;s Mourinho Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes he has no advantage over new Porto boss Vitor Fernandez despite having led the Portuguese side to Champions League victory last season.
NBA, NBRA Approve Collective Bargaining Agreement (Reuters) Reuters - The NBA has entered into a new\five-year collective bargaining agreement with the National\Basketball Referees Association (NBRA), thus eliminating the\possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming\season.
Top al-Qaida man dies of heart attack The alleged top al-Qaida operative in Lebanon, who was arrested 10 days ago after authorities uncovered a plot to bomb embassies of Italy and Ukraine, and kill diplomats, died of a heart attack Monday, hospital officials and the Interior Ministry said.
McAfee updates target 'phishing' New versions of SpamKiller and personal firewall aim to hook phishers, as online fraud continues to grow.
NBA, NBRA Approve Collective Bargaining Agreement  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The NBA has entered into a new  five-year collective bargaining agreement with the National  Basketball Referees Association (NBRA), thus eliminating the  possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming  season.
PalmSource's BlackBerry effort bears fruit The company plans to make available an API that lets Palm OS-powered devices work with BlackBerry wireless e-mail services.
Tech industry struggles with age-old conundrum The silver-haired set is a growing yet elusive demographic for IT product engineers and Web site designers.
NBA Ratifies Referees Five-Year Contract NBA referees have entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season.
Oil surges to \$50.47 a barrel Oil prices soared to a new record above \$50 yesterday as uncertainties over Nigerian output heightened worries of a severe supply disruption ahead of winter.
Branson reaches for the stars Strapped in, flat on their backs, passengers will accelerate to 4000km/h in just 25 seconds. For no more than five minutes they will float about, 130km above planet Earth.
Intel Launches Next-Gen Chip After 10 years in the making and multiple delays, Intel released its state-of-the-art 64-bit Itanium microprocessor on Tuesday. The microprocessor, which is designed for servers and workstations, is based 
Tennis: Spain and the US will square up in Seville for Davis Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BARCELONA, Spain : Spain will play the United States in the Davis Cup final in Seville on December 3-5, Spanish tennis federation president Agusti Pujol said.
Browns #39; Suggs cleared to play Cleveland Browns running back Lee Suggs may be ready to play his first game of the season Sunday. Suggs, who had been expected to start at running back this season, missed the first three games because of a neck injury.
Two Italian, two Iraqi hostages released in Iraq Two Italian aid workers have been released, three weeks after being kidnapped in Baghdad. Also free are two Iraqis abducted at the same time.
Protesters interrupt Blair speech Tony Blair #39;s keynote speech to the Labour party conference in Brighton was twice interrupted today. The first interruption came from a lone protester against the war in Iraq, while the second was from pro-hunt demonstrators.
Unease in Gulf, Nigeria makes oil, financial markets jittery THERE is eerie nervousness in oil and financial markets amid fears over oil supply as prices are edging towards \$50 (around Rs 2,298) a barrel mark.
Mexico-Based Cemex To Buy RMC  quot;This is the right acquisition at the right time for Cemex, quot; says Lorenzo Zambrano, chairman and chief executive of Cemex.
American Financial to Buy Office Space American Financial Realty Trust on Tuesday agreed to acquire 252 commercial properties from Bank of America NA for a total price of about \$570 million excluding unspecified transaction expenses.
Colonial BancGroup buys Union Bank Colonial BancGroup of Montgomery, Ala., Tuesday agreed to acquire Union Bank of Florida in in Sunrise, Fla. Under terms of the deal Colonial BancGroup will acquire Union Bank 
Hackers Exploit Microsoft's JPEG Flaw (AP) AP - In a harbinger of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in Microsoft Corp. programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
Rocket Plane to Attempt Space Flight (AP) AP - A test pilot in a stubby rocket plane will try to climb more than 60 miles over the Mojave Desert and punch through the atmosphere Wednesday in the first stage of a quest to win a  #36;10 million prize meant to encourage space tourism.
Half Of Online Viagra Bogus Half of the Viagra sold over the Internet -- often via spam-style blastings that plague mailboxes worldwide -- is fake, a British researcher said Tuesday.
San Francisco at San Diego, 10:05 PM SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- After one final day off, the San Diego Padres and the San Francisco Giants resume their quest to reach the postseason when they begin a three-game series.
Italian hostages in Iraq released Two female Italian hostages seized in Baghdad three weeks ago have been freed on Tuesday and are safe, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi says.
Olympics: Powerful moments stir emotions at Paralympic Games ATHENS : As the Athens Paralympics drew to a close 1,001 moments, each more poignant and powerful than the last, rise to the surface in the search for the defining image of these unforgettable Games.
Bishops chide Spain over same-sex marriage The Spanish government #39;s plans to legalize same-sex marriage was lambasted by the Roman Catholic Church, the BBC reported Tuesday.
Briefly: Dell, Topspin tout InfiniBand clusters roundup Plus: Ex-HP exec joins StreamServe board...Credit union beefs up database security...Computer scientists slam e-voting machines.
Upgrades, HR costs squeeze British tech budgets A U.K. survey finds that little money is left over for new IT investment and that Linux is not leaving its mark on the desktop.
Motorola Plans To Cut 1,000 Jobs Motorola Inc. plans to eliminate 1,000 jobs in the spinoff of its semiconductor unit, the company said Tuesday in a filing with government regulators.
RIM releases new BlackBerry in U.S., European markets The new model of Research In Motion's popular BlackBerry e-mail device includes a quad-band phone and Bluetooth.
Internet fails to shine for 'silver surfers' The Modern Maturity set is a growing yet elusive demographic for IT product engineers and Web site designers.
Italian, Egyptian Hostages Freed in Iraq Two female Italian hostages seized in Baghdad three weeks ago were set free on Tuesday along with kidnapped Iraqis and Egyptians in a flurry of releases, but 
Euro Disney Strikes Restructuring Deal Euro Disney SCA said Tuesday its lenders have agreed unanimously to extend a debt plan designed to keep the troubled theme park operator afloat.
Gunfight At The Artery Wall NEW YORK - Today at the UBS Global Life Sciences Conference, AtheroGenics was met with pointed skepticism over trial results for its drug, AGI-1067.
Virgin Group Enters US Online-Music Market The online digital-music business became a little more crowded as Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group launched a music Web site in the US The Virgin Digital service sells songs for 99 cents each 
Former BEA Execs, VC Heavyweights Launch Open-Source Startup It appears something positive has emerged from the recent mass exodus of executives from BEA Systems. On Tuesday, three former BEA executives, with the help of two venture-capital heavyweights, launched a 
 #39;Dolly #39; scientist seeks human clone licence The British scientist who created Dolly the sheep, has applied for a licence to clone human embryos in the hope of finding a cure for motor neurone disease.
PalmSource Smartens Up OS for Mobile Phones Analysts said the smartphone enhancements hold the potential to bring PalmSource into an expanding market that still has room despite early inroads by Symbian and Microsoft.
RFID Deadlines Intensify Need To Manage Product Information Enterprises face dual 2005 deadlines relating to RFID and supply-chain data synchronization. Those that haven #39;t moved forward with a product-information-management strategy will be under-prepared to realize RFID #39;s value.
Toshiba Trumps iPod with 60 GB Rival All three models to be released use a 1.8-inch hard drive that can hold up to 2,500, 5,000 and 15,000 pieces of music, respectively.
Sports briefs for September 28, 2004 US gymnast Paul Hamm planned to return to the United States on Wednesday after resting in Lausanne, Switzerland, for a day following his 11 1/2-hour session before the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Rooney Up and Running Ninety-six days after his last competitive game Wayne Rooney was handed his Manchester United debut in tonights Champions League clash with Fenerbahce.
The emergence of the past captains began when the PGA of America Pros: Fits the recent profile (44, past PGA champion, fiery Ryder Cup player); the job is his if he wants it. Cons: Might be too young to be willing to burn two years of play on tour.
China: Paralympic powerhouse Athens - Runner-up to the United States by a handful of gold medals at the Athens Olympics, China was the big winner at the Paralympics.
Cougars may be 1-3, but they aren #39;t hurting from lack of exposure Pardon me if this is disjointed, but I #39;ve just returned from a hugging party and ... well ... I #39;MA LITTLE WOUND UP!!! 1. Quarterback John Beck #39;s throwing motion is as effortless and aesthetically pleasing as Manny Ramirez #39;s swing.
Kidnapped CNN producer released in Gaza An Israeli Arab who works as a producer for CNN was released Tuesday, a day after he was abducted at gunpoint from a van on a busy street of Gaza City, relatives and Palestinian police said.
Blair defends war, urges Labour Party to close ranks and fight for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Tony Blair tried Tuesday to heal divisions over the Iraq war and unite his Labour Party to fight for a historic third term in power, acknowledging that intelligence used to justify the invasion was wrong but insisting the world was safer 
Nigerian Militia Threatens Armed Struggle Militiamen trying to wrest control of the oil-rich Niger Delta threatened on Tuesday to launch a full-scale armed struggle #39; #39; on petroleum-pumping operations in Africa #39;s 
Lebanese police release detained sisters of dead Al-Qaida detainee Police on Tuesday released two sisters of the alleged al-Qaida leader in Lebanon who died of a heart attack in custody, security officials said.
Motorola Cuts 1,000 Jobs Motorola (Quote, Chart) said it would cut 1,000 jobs, a move prompted by the spinout of its Freescale Semiconductor (Quote, Chart) subsidiary.
UPDATE 1-Snow says no risk of sharp US slowdown Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Tuesday that, notwithstanding weaker consumer confidence, he did not think the US economy was at risk of a slowdown.
Windows JPEG Exploit Ventures into the Wild The first example of a working program designed to exploit a bug in Microsoft #39;s GDI librarywhich allows malicious code to be run simply by viewing a JPEG imagehas been found in the wild.
HP Shutters UDC Hewlett-Packard has decided to break up its Utility Data Center (UDC) program, according to company spokespeople. A long-term initiative dating back to the late 1990s, the UDC program aimed to provide enterprises 
Rooney scores twice in ManU debut Teenager Wayne Rooney has scored twice in the first 28 minutes of his debut for Manchester United in their Champions League Group D match against Fenerbahce of Turkey at Old Trafford.
Expos to DC announcement could come later this week Washington, DC (Sports Network) - Professional baseball appears ready to make a return to the nation #39;s capital, as an announcement could come later this week that the Montreal Expos will be relocated to Washington, DC for the 2005 season.
Icy couple to be the faces of 2006 Winter Games The organisers of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics unveiled the event #39;s mascots on Tuesday, a friendly snowball called Neve and her playful ice cube partner Gliz.
Palestinian gunmen free CNN producer kidnapped in Gaza strip Palestinian gunmen have released an Israeli Arab producer working for the CNN television network who was kidnapped yesterday in the Gaza Strip.
Sudan Asks UN to Verify Darfur Refugee Returns Sudan has asked the United Nations to help verify reports that 190,000 refugees from the conflict-hit western Darfur region have voluntarily returned to their homes, the UN refugee agency chief said on Tuesday.
Report: PC Sales Growing as Economy Rebounds (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - New statistics from IDC's Worldwide Quarterly PC Tracker show that commercial \demand for PCs is rising in tandem with the growing economy, with PC shipment \growth in the second quarter the highest since mid 1999.
All I Want for Christmas Is a  #36;10 Million Zeppelin (Reuters) Reuters - Baby Boomers, this Christmas season\unleash your inner child and empty your bankbook with\jewel-encrusted Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head toys at  #36;16,000 a\pair.
Lockheed's MEADS Wins \$3 Bln Contract  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A transatlantic venture led by  Lockheed Martin Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LMT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday won a \$3 billion  contract to design and develop the Medium Extended Air Defense  System (MEADS), which is slated to replace Patriot missiles in  the next decade, the venture said on Tuesday.
Cendant Nears Deal to Buy Orbitz Travel Site The deal would end a daring experiment by the nation's airlines, which created Orbitz as a competitor to Expedia and online ticketing sites like it.
Delta CEO forgoes salary, details pay cuts; Pilots OK retirement &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s chief executive said Tuesday he is giving up his six-figure salary for the rest of the year as he detailed a 10 percent pay cut that will affect senior officials, administrative staff and ticket and gate agents.
Amazon.com, Microsoft sue spammers,  #39;phishers #39; Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft Corp. have filed several lawsuits in various Seattle courts aimed at computer spammers and  quot;phishers quot; who use a look-alike Amazon.
UPDATE 1-Centene shares rise on acquisition, forecast Centene Corp. (CNC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which sells Medicaid government health insurance plans, on Tuesday said the acquisition of two new health plans would add to 2005 earnings, pushing its shares up 13 percent.
Branson #39;s Virgin Group creating  #39;21st-century airline #39; in Nigeria Virgin Group boss Richard Branson has signed an agreement with Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo to launch a new airline in the African country that will be majority owned by Nigerian investors.
Vendor Consortium Works On Common Architecture For Defense Dept Defense wants to remake the armed services, and one of the critical tools would be a global, common networking architecture for US forces.
Half of Internet Viagra Could Be Fake - Study As many as half of the Viagra anti-impotence pills sold on the Internet could be counterfeit, British scientists said on Tuesday. They analyzed samples of Viagra sold 
Titans #39; McNair released from hospital McNair spent the past two nights in the hospital after bruising his breastbone late in the Titans #39; 15-12 loss to Jacksonville on Sunday.
Security Measures Failed to Spot Protesters A multi-million pound security operation today failed to prevent dramatic protests marring Tony Blairs Labour conference speech.
Older People Turn to Internet to Find Love (AP) AP - Sensuous, intellectual woman, 5'3, adventurous, pretty and open, seeks a life partner who is sexy, highly intelligent and cheerful. How old is this woman? In her early 60s. That's the profile Mary Bellis Waller, now 64, posted on two Internet dating sites during her search for a companion.
Amazon.com, Microsoft Sue Phishers (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) and Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) -- two Washington state companies with a massive \presence online -- have teamed up to fight what is fast becoming the No. 1 scourge on the Internet.
Study: CDs Still Overshadow Digital-Music Downloads (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The CD will remain the most popular music format in Europe until at least the end of the decade, when digital-music downloads will start to pose a challenge to the CD's dominance, according to a new study.
AOL Targets Mobile IM (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - America Online is seeking help with efforts to push its messaging services into the mobile realm, enlisting the help of handheld-device manufacturers while introducing a developer program focusing on the company's Instant Messenger (AIM) applications.
Budget Version of Windows Headed for Russia (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) will release a low-cost version of Windows for the Russian market in an attempt to combat the country's pirated software problem and growing Linux adoption.
Palm Produces Smartphone OS (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - PalmSource has taken the wraps off of its latest smartphone software platform, launching OS Cobalt 6.1 with an eye on drawing more licensees and developers to the company's operating system and improving the performance of converged voice/data devices.
The CRM Money Pit - Part 5 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Over the course of this series, CRM Daily is looking at areas that tend to develop into financial black holes for companies launching or updating a CRM project.
Italy's 'Two Simonas' Freed, Jubilation at Home (Reuters) Reuters - The release of two Italian women aid\workers in Iraq was greeted with joy and relief on Tuesday\following three weeks of anguish in Italy over their abduction.
Bombs hit US, British targets in Turkish cities (AFP) AFP - Four bombs that went off simultaneously in separate Turkish cities targeting British and US interests caused material damage and left one man slightly injured, Anatolia news agency reported.
Niger Delta rebel leader to meet president, says will not destroy oil sites (AFP) AFP - The head of a separatist movement in Nigeria's southern oil-rich Niger Delta, Mujahid Dokubo Asari, announced on Tuesday evening that he would meet President Olusegun Obasanjo in Abuja on Wednesday.
North Korea should stop boasting and return to negotiating table: US (AFP) AFP - The United States urged North Korea to stop boasting about its nuclear weapons capability and return to the negotiating table to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.
Bush Increases Lead Over Kerry in Latest Pew Poll (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush's lead over\Democratic nominee John Kerry increased to eight points in a\Pew Research Center poll released on Tuesday, compared to a\slight three-point lead in a poll conducted last week.
Senate Candidate Chides Staffer for E-Mail (AP) AP - A Republican Senate candidate in South Carolina has reprimanded a campaign staffer for a derogatory comment she made about lesbians in an e-mail.
Prosecutor Accuses Former Liberia Leader (AP) AP - The top prosecutor for Sierra Leone's war crimes court on Monday accused former Liberian President Charles Taylor of recruiting fighters in the country he once led and working to destabilize other West African nations. A spokesman for Taylor denied the allegations.
Italy's 'Two Simonas' Freed, Jubilation at Home  ROME (Reuters) - The release of two Italian women aid  workers in Iraq was greeted with joy and relief on Tuesday  following three weeks of anguish in Italy over their abduction.
Argentine Teen Kills Three in School Shooting  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - A 15-year-old schoolboy  armed with a pistol killed three fellow Argentine students and  wounded six on Tuesday in a school shooting that shocked a  country unaccustomed to such violence.
Greek Plane Diverted to Ireland After Bomb Threat  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A Greek plane carrying more than 300  people on board and heading for New York from Athens made an  emergency landing in Ireland on Tuesday after a bomb alert --  the second such incident in three days.
2 Abducted Italian Women Freed in Iraq After 3 Weeks Two Italian women held hostage in Iraq for three weeks were freed today, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy announced.
Athletics Struggle Down the Stretch OAKLAND, Calif. - The Oakland Athletics are used to pressure-packed pennant races...
Mexican State Recruits Cats to Fight Rats MONTERREY, Mexico - Health authorities in the northern state of Chihuahua said Tuesday they are recruiting hundreds of cats to fight hundreds of thousands of rats.    Chihuahua state officials say they hope to collect as many as 700 felines and send them to Atascaderos, an isolated farm village in the rugged Tarahumara mountains, a region where officials estimate there are about a half million rats...
Crude Oil Prices Approach \$50 a Barrel LONDON - Oil prices hovered near \$50 per barrel Tuesday after a Saudi Arabian oil official said the world's largest petroleum exporter would raise its production capacity by nearly 5 percent in a bid to calm markets.    Light sweet crude for November delivery was up 16 cents at \$49.80 per barrel in late morning trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange, retreating from the \$50.47 high reached in overnight electronic trade...
Medtronic Must Pay Inventor \$109 Million, Jury Says (Update3) A US jury told Medtronic Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of spinal implants, to pay at least \$109 million to an inventor for violating contracts and infringing his patents.
Motorola Picks A Smart Fight NEW YORK - Like a boxer shedding pounds to get to his fighting weight, Motorola is trimming down to take on the mobile phone market, shedding jobs and spinning off divisions.
SEC says it charges former NextCard execs of fraud The US Securities and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday it brought fraud and insider trading charges against former top executives of bankrupt credit card issuer NextCard Inc.
Athletics Struggle Down the Stretch (AP) AP - The Oakland Athletics are used to pressure-packed pennant races. It's their sub-par September that's the shocker.
McNair Out of Hospital, Resting at Home (AP) AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair was released from the hospital Tuesday morning after a two-night stay with a bruised sternum.
Security researchers say JPEG virus imminent A Trojan horse that exploits a recent critical flaw in Microsoft Windows #39; handling of JPEG images has been posted to several newsgroups, but it has no way to spread, security experts said Tuesday.
Space station launch delayed again The launch of the Russian spacecraft carrying a replacement crew for the international space station was delayed for the second time in two weeks Tuesday, raising questions about whether 
Oracle Puts Pressure On Microsoft The vendor brings its E-Business Suite to North America to go against Microsoft #39;s ERP software. By Laurie Sullivan. With the first phase of the high-profile PeopleSoft Inc.
Yao Thinks Chinese Players Need More Work (AP) AP - Yao Ming believes his teammates on the Chinese national team need to get stronger and smarter in order to compete for a medal at the 2008 Olympics, though he wouldn't go so far as to endorse the solution offered by Del Harris.
Woods in 2000 Is Standard of Greatness (AP) AP - Vijay Singh has one month to put the final touches on what already is a masterpiece.
Blair Battles Own Political Party on UK Iraq Policy Description: NPR #39;s Alex Chadwick talks to Colin Brown, deputy political editor for the United Kingdom #39;s Independent newspaper, currently covering the British Labour Party Conference.
Sportsview: Eagles Have Attitude, Talent (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Eagles had talent. Now they have swagger and personality, too.
Schiavone, Farina Elia Win in Belgium (AP) AP - Two seeded Italians  #151; No. 5 Francesca Schiavone and No. 6 Silvia Farina Elia  #151; won first-round matches Tuesday at the Gaz de France Stars.
Singh, Woods Have Ties to 84 Lumber (AP) AP - Appearance money is not allowed on the PGA Tour, but there were murmurs when the field at the 84 Lumber Classic in Pennsylvania originally included Vijay Singh and Tiger Woods, a rare 1-2 punch in a fall tournament.
Briefly: .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches roundup Plus: IBM launches business research group...Verbatim to make discs with HP labeling feature...SWsoft teams with Acronis to boost virtual servers...Dell, Topspin tout InfiniBand clusters.
IBM launches business research group New center pits supercomputing, advanced math, data mining and management consulting against business problems.
SWsoft teams with Acronis to boost virtual servers Firms sign joint development, marketing deal for integrated product expected next year.
Security researchers say JPEG virus imminent Trojan horse that exploits flaw in how Windows handles JPEG images may be low risk, but it's a bad omen.
Verbatim to make discs with HP labeling feature The same laser that writes your latest music mix will etch a label onto the other side of special discs.
Artisoft to buy IP telephony vendor Vertical Artisoft Inc. has agreed to acquire Vertical Networks Inc. for as much as \$19 million in cash in a deal that will create a vendor of IP (Internet Protocol) telephony software for call centers, medium-sized businesses and large enterprises.
Gov't panel: No cybersecurity mandates needed WASHINGTON - Now is not the time for the U.S. government to mandate cybersecurity standards to private industry, despite significant threats and a lack of understanding by many company executives, a panel of government officials said Tuesday.
RPT-Ballard shares jump on US delivery, sector survey Ballard Power Systems (BLD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) shares rose 20 percent on Tuesday on news it had delivered fuel cell-powered vehicles for a US Department of Energy program while an upbeat survey on the fuel sector 
Oracle Brings Scaled-Down Enterprise Suite to America Shoring up its fourth-quarter applications revenuesand its small and midmarket business strategyOracle Corp. announced Monday the North American version of its E-Business Suite Special Edition.
Coach Mourinho to face former squad with Chelsea London, England (Sports Network) - Disappointing Porto will meet a confident Chelsea side led by its former coach at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday as Matchday 2 continues.
Prospect of no NHL season causing carnage in Canada TORONTO: The prospect of a winter without icehockey continues to send shockwaves across Canada but the labour dispute between National Hockey League (NHL) owners and players has caused barely a ripple in the United States.
Protesters disrupt rallying call Prime Minister Tony Blair faced angry protests as he urged his party to set aside its differences over Iraq and seize the chance of an historic third term in power.
Google Adwords Traffic Estimator Explained Google Adwords Traffic Estimator Explained\\Google added this great feature that helps AdWords customers figure out an estimated level of traffic that they should expect to see based on the CPC value and keyword phrase. But ad features are added, it adds an additional level of complexity for the end user. ...
Consumer confidence declines again in September Continued job worries resulted in an unexpected decline in consumer confidence in September, the second consecutive monthly dip, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
Industry watchers view ConocoPhillips as favourite in Lukoil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When the Russian government #39;s 7.6 per cent stake in Lukoil - the world #39;s No. 2 oil company by reserves - is auctioned Wednesday in the country #39;s biggest privatization, industry watchers aren #39;t expecting any surprises.
Microsoft Cools Hotmail Features NEW YORK - Love reaching your Hotmail account from your Outlook inbox? Soon you #39;ll have to pay for the privilege of doing it. In a bid to rein in spammers, software giant Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people 
AT amp;T and IXI launch OGO IXI Mobile and AT amp;T Wireless have launched a text-centric device aimed at those who keep their fingers moving, and a surprising price.
Dolly doc to try cloning humans The Scottish scientist who created the world #39;s first cloned sheep says he plans to seek permission to clone human tissue. Ian Wilmut, who works at the Roslin Institute 
Yahoo pages to get touch-up com September 27, 2004, 5:02 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
IPC President Upbeat About Athens Paralympics Phil Craven, head of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) told a press conference he was very upbeat about the Games.
Coming soon: Awesome 4some, starring Vijay Singh NEW DELHI: Local golf fans are in for a treat: For the first time ever, the sport #39;s top-ranked player will be in India. Vijay Singh, who recently dethroned Tiger Woods as No.
Beijing 2008 Gets New Sponsors Anheuser-Busch and Legend Group have both signed on as sponsors of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympic Games. Its the first time Anheuser-Busch, the maker of Budweiser, has sponsored a Summer Olympics outside 
Blair apologises for Iraq intelligence, not war British Prime Minister Tony Blair has remained defiant at a Labour Party annual conference, but admitted that some mistakes had been made over the war in Iraq.
Last two Egyptians  #39;set free #39; THE last two Egyptian telecom employees held hostage in Iraq had been freed, Al-Arabiya television reported today, quoting its own correspondent.
Motorists Could Face \$2/gal Gasoline Soon  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. drivers could again face \$2 a  gallon gasoline now that crude oil has topped a record \$50 a  barrel, government experts said on Tuesday.
Oil Sets New Record Over \$50 Oil prices raced to new record highs above \$50 on Tuesday, despite a pledge by OPEC producer Saudi Arabia to increase production, as rebel threats against Nigerian oil facilities threatened to inflict further strain on global supplies 
Trump Casinos: Decide on Debt Deal Soon Donald Trump #39;s casino company expects to decided in the next couple of weeks whether it can reach a new debt restructuring deal with bond holders, sell assets or whether Trump will take the company private, executive vice president 
Amazon, Microsoft team against online fraud Amazon.com, the world #39;s largest online retailer, and Microsoft, the world #39;s largest software developer, announced Tuesday the filing of several lawsuits against phishers and spammers.
Lowe #39;s Sees Profit Rising in 2005, 2006 Home improvement retailer Lowe #39;s Cos. (LOW.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share to rise in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased remodeling and home ownership.
Attackers Target Microsoft Jpeg Flaw Attackers have posted a malicious Jpeg image file to Internet newsgroups that distribute pornography. The infected Jpeg file attempts to exploit a critical vulnerability Microsoft announced and issued a patch for on Sept.
Yahoo Takes RSS Mainstream Yahoo #39;s (Quote, Chart) public embrace of the RSS content syndication format took a major leap forward with the release of a revamped My Yahoo portal seeking to introduce the technology to mainstream consumers.
Silva out for a month ARSENAL #39;S Brazilian World Cup winning midfielder Gilberto Silva is set to be out for at least a month with a back injury, the Premiership leaders said.
Another two Egyptian hostages freed in Iraq The last two Egyptian workers of an Egyptian telecom company kidnapped earlier this month in Iraq were released, Dubai-based Al Arabiya television said on Tuesday.
WebSideStory Rises in Delayed IPO Shares of WebSideStory Inc. jumped nearly 17 percent in their trading debut Tuesday after the Web statistics firm - making its second try in four years to go public - boosted the size of the deal and priced in the middle of its expected range.
Russian Space Launch Delayed Again Russian cosmonaut Salizhan Sharipov and US astronaut Leroy Chiao were due to leave on October 11th aboard a Soyuz space craft to replace the current crew.
Munich Set to Approve Linux Despite Patent Worries More than a year after the German city of Munich declared its landmark intention to abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of upstart rival Linux, its councillors are finally ready to go ahead with the plan.
Rooney scores three in Man U #39;s 6-2 victory over Fenerbahce MANCHESTER, England - In his debut for Manchester United, Wayne Rooney scored three goals as the English side defeated Turkey #39;s Fenerbahce 6-2 Tuesday in the second rotation of the Champions League.
Candlestick Park Gets New Name SAN FRANCISCO -- It #39;s a sign of the times for Forty-Niner fans, who are getting used to major changes. The team confirmed Monday that naming rights to the stadium have been sold to Monster Cable Products Inc 
Critics don #39;t faze Mourinho Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has insisted that he would not be concerned if the Blues became the most disliked club in the country - as that would only make them even stronger.
PREVIEW-Bayern need improvement against Ajax, says Makaay Bayern Munich #39;s Dutch striker Roy Makaay warned his team they needed to raise their game if they were to trouble Ajax Amsterdam in their Champions League encounter on Tuesday.
Microsoft to charge for WebDAV Hotmail access To curb spam, getting your Hotmail via Outlook/Express won #39;t be free much longer ... posted 12:49pm EST Tue Sep 28 2004 - submitted by Christopher R. Anderson.
Munich set to approve Linux More than a year after the German city of Munich declared its landmark intention to abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of upstart rival Linux, its councilors are finally ready to go ahead with the plan.
Italians Schiavone, Farina Elia post first-round wins in Belgium Hasselt, Belgium (Sports Network) - Seeded Italians Francesca Schiavone and Silvia Farina Elia led Tuesday #39;s parade of first-round winners at the inaugural Gaz de France Stars tennis event.
Cavs sign Scott Williams Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers Tuesday signed veteran forward/center Scott Williams. As per team policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
In Party Speech, Blair Admits Political Cost of Iraq Mistakes Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that there had been a decline of public trust in his government over the military campaign in Iraq and he offered 
Second Bomb Threat Plane Lands Safely A bomb-threatened Olympic Airways plane landed safely at Shannon airport today after being diverted to Ireland following a warning telephoned to an Athens newspaper.
Oil prices set new records above \$50 LONDON: World oil prices surged into new record territory above \$50 a barrel Tuesday as traders took fright at a multitude of supply threats, including unrest in Nigeria and recent hurricanes.
Delta CEO declines own salary for remainder of year In calling for a 10 percent staff pay cut, Delta Air Lines Inc. CEO Gerald Grinstein announced Tuesday he will decline his own salary for the remainder of the year.
Calpine Prices Senior Secured Notes Calpine Corp. added more high-yield bonds to its debt load Tuesday after pricing a \$785 million deal into the market. The company - which has been criticized by market analysts in the past because of its frequency 
Munich set to approve Linux despite patent worries SEPTEMBER 28, 2004 (REUTERS) - More than a year after Munich declared its intention to abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of open-source rival Linux, city councilors are finally ready to move ahead with the plan.
EPCglobal: Users to get RFID progress update SEPTEMBER 28, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Corporate users facing mandates to adopt radio frequency identification technology will get a chance at this week #39;s EPCglobal US Fall Conference in Baltimore to gauge how much progress vendors, service providers 
Out of the rough Here are some rantings from the world of professional golf. Sort of. Vijay Singh has won eight times on the PGA Tour in 2004. He has set the 
Ragged Federer moves up World number one Roger Federer struggled through an unexpectedly tough opening win on Tuesday night against outsider Nicolas Thomann, finally grabbing a 6-4, 7-6 (7-4) victory at the \$550,000 Thailand Open.
Monaco 2-0 Deportivo La Corua: FT Report MONTE CARLO, September 28 (Champions League) - It may not have been as emphatic as last year #39;s victory against the same opposition but Monaco pulled off another famous win at the expense of Deportivo La Coruna in a Champions League Group A match on 
Bayern routs Ajax behind Makaay hat-trick; Juve beats Maccabi Tel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bayern Munich shrugged off some indifferent early season form as a Roy Makaay hat-trick helped them to a 4-0 win over Ajax Amsterdam in their Champions League Group C match at the Olympic Stadium on Tuesday.
Funding, interest up Although Paralympic sports have been integrated with the Olympic movement in countries such as Canada, Germany and Great Britain for some time, Paralympic athletes #39; roles in the USA still are growing.
Leafs veteran Alex Mogilny undergoes another hip surgery TORONTO (CP) - Winger Alexander Mogilny of the Toronto Maple Leafs has undergone successful arthroscopic surgery to his left hip for the second time in a year.
Goodbye Candlestick When the Seahawks visit San Francisco in November, they won #39;t be going to Candlestick. The stadium is now known as Monster Park.
The twin challenges in Palestine and other Arab countries The Palestinian intifada marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, Palestinian street anger is directed these days at both the Israelis for their brutal occupation and at Yasser Arafat #39;s incompetent and often 
Nigeria separatist to meet president The head of a separatist movement in Nigeria #39;s southern oil-rich Niger Delta has announced that he intends to meet President Olusegun Obasanjo.
US consumer confidence falls in September NEW YORK - US consumer confidence slipped in September as job concerns resulted in a second consecutive monthly decline, the Conference Board said Tuesday.
Knee injury ends Grossman #39;s season A knee injury has knocked Chicago Bears quarterback Rex Grossman out for the rest of the 2004 season. Grossman was hurt Sunday while running for a touchdown in the fourth quarter of a 27-22 loss to the Minnesota Vikings.
Italy celebrates as women go free TWO female Italian aid workers were released by their Iraqi captors overnight after three anguished weeks as hostages, sparking scenes of joy at their homes and relief among world leaders.
Motorola to shed 1,000 jobs Telecoms equipment maker Motorola said that it is cutting 1,000 positions globally as it completes the spin-off of its former chip unit, now known as Freescale Semiconductor.
Trump offered \$US400m for casino stake An internet casino operator said it is offering Donald Trump \$US400 million (\$561.25 million) for a stake in his ailing casino company.
Google may gain on ad sales, IPO firms #39; analysts say Shares of Google Inc., the world #39;s most-used Internet search engine, may continue to rise as the company boosts advertising revenue, research analysts at securities firms that underwrote 
Creator of Dolly the Sheep Aims To Clone Human Embryos According to geneticist Ian Wilmut, who used cloning to create Dolly the sheep,  quot;We owe it to the people who suffer from motor neuron disease and are going to suffer from it in 
UPDATE 2-Bayern thrash Ajax as Makaay nets hat-trick Bayern Munich #39;s Dutch striker Roy Makaay hit a hat-trick as they romped to a 4-0 victory over Ajax Amsterdam in Champions League Group C on Tuesday.
Mogilny has arthroscopic surgery on hip Team general manager John Ferguson Jr. said the procedure was performed by Dr. Marc Philippon at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center at St.
Titans Lose To Jacksonville Wide receiver Derrick Mason of the Tennessee Titans says the team just is not playing well right now. Fred Taylor ran for a one-yard touchdown with nine seconds left for the victory.
United Rentals Sees 3Q Goodwill Charge Equipment rental company United Rentals Inc. on Tuesday said it will likely report a non-cash charge in the third quarter to write down the goodwill of its suffering traffic control business.
DaimlerChrysler and Bombardier settle dispute over Adtranz sale Automaker DaimlerChrysler AG and transportation company Bombardier Inc. have settled a dispute over the 2001 sale of railcar maker Adtranz, the companies said Tuesday.
Stocks Set to Open Higher Stocks were set to open higher Tuesday, with the blue-chip Dow industrials aiming to push back above 10,000 mark. Oil prices remain in focus, with crude reaching above \$50 a barrle in premarket trading.
Cendant near \$1.2B deal to buy Orbitz Source says travel and real estate giant is close to reaching agreement to acquire travel Web site. PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Travel and real estate company Cendant Corp.
Adtranz price slashed 30 as Bombardier settles with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Bombardier Inc. will get a \$209-million-US reduction in the price it paid DaimlerChrysler AG in 2001 for the German company #39;s rail equipment division.
Schwarzenegger OKs Ban on Paperless Voting (AP) AP - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law requiring that all electronic voting machines produce paper records of every ballot cast, beginning in 2006.
US House Passes Bill Targeting Net Song Swappers (Reuters) Reuters - Users of Internet "peer to peer"\networks, already dodging lawsuits from the recording industry,\could face up to three years in prison under a bill passed by\the U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday.
For schools, Apple offers special iMac G5, eMac (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple has a habit of quietly releasing special Macintosh models for schools and colleges. There were, for example, the Power Mac 5000 line and the G3 All-in-One Mac for education (both of which resembled early and somewhat pedestrian precursors to the original iMac).
Stocks Up on Caterpillar, Oil Companies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks staged a late rally on Tuesday  after Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest maker of  heavy equipment, raised its revenue outlook, and shares of  energy and metal producers rose on higher commodity prices.
Caterpillar Sees 25-30 Pct. Revenue Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest maker of heavy equipment, boosted its 2004 revenue  outlook on Tuesday, citing strong demand.
SpaceShipOne Going for X Prize Wednesday By JOHN ANTCZAK    MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) -- A test pilot in a stubby rocket plane will try to climb more than 60 miles over the Mojave Desert and punch through the atmosphere Wednesday in the first stage of a quest to win a \$10 million prize meant to encourage space tourism...
Exploring the Final Frontier NASA -- When the National Research Council recommended Solar System exploration goals for 2000-2010, the number one priority was sending a probe to explore Pluto and an area just beyond it known as the Kuiper Belt.     NASA plans to make that goal a reality...
Storm Stress Hitting Many Floridians By JILL BARTON     WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) -- It's not just roofs that have come apart and walls that are falling down...
New defense consortium aims for greater systems interoperability The Network Centric Operations Industry Consortium, an international group of 28 defense-oriented companies, hopes to create a network-centric framework that allows a variety of communications and information systems and sensors to interact globally.
EPCglobal: Users to get RFID progress update IBM, HP, Sun and Manhattan Associates head the list of vendors launching new products and services at this week's EPCglobal U.S. Conference 2004 in Baltimore.
Munich set to approve Linux despite patent worries More than a year after the German city moved to abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of Linux, city councilors are finally ready to vote on the switch.
Government panel says cybersecurity mandates not needed Despite real threats and little sense of urgency by many company executives, now is not the time for the U.S. government to mandate cybersecurity standards to private industry, a panel of of government officials said.
Bank of America to deploy 180,000 IP phones Bank of America has unveiled plans to eventually put an IP phone on every employee's desktop -- a three-year, corporatewide IP telephony rollout that involves about 180,000 phones.
Compuware readies tools for Microsoft apps development It targets application performance, code quality and security.
Dell introduces new compact desktop PC It's the first Dell PC to feature a multiformat expansion card reader.
I2 sets up software development operation in Beijing Composite applications require user interface work in native language, company says.
Network emulator eases WAN pain Company says replicating network latency, bandwidth and packet loss problems enables better lab testing.
Microsoft open sources Web authoring application SAN FRANCISCO - Continuing its flirtation with open source, Microsoft Corp. on Monday posted the code of a little-known collaboration application to open-source development site SourceForge.net.
Turner to Provide Content for Net TV Company SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Akimbo Systems Inc., a startup that plans to deliver video over the Internet to television sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from Time Warner Inc...
US consumer confidence slips for second straight month: job &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Job worries helped push consumer confidence down in September for the second consecutive month, the Conference Board reported Tuesday.
Delta Air cutting some wages 10 ATLANTA Delta Air Lines is cutting the pay of executives, administrative staff and ticket and gate agents by 10 percent, increasing the shared cost of health care coverage and making changes to retirement benefits as part of its turnaround plan.
Motorola cutting 1,000 jobs Motorola Inc. announced Tuesday plans to cut 1,000 jobs worldwide and take a charge of \$50 million for severance benefits. The job cuts are part of a restructuring resulting from the spin off of its semiconductor division into Freescale Semiconductor.
Update 1: Jury Orders Medtronic to Pay \$110 Million A federal court jury on Tuesday ordered a Medtronic subsidiary to pay about \$110 million in a dispute between the company and a doctor who invented some of its spinal fusion technologies.
Microsoft, Amazon Team Against Phishers Seattle-area neighbors Amazon.com and Microsoft today announced the filing of several lawsuits in connection with spoofing and phishing scams that deceive consumers and misuse Amazon #39;s brand name.
JoS. A. Bank 3Q Profit Rises 19 Percent Men #39;s apparel retailer Joseph A. Bank Clothiers Inc. on Monday reported third-quarter profit climbed 19 percent as results benefited from growth in catalog and Internet sales.
13 Things We Can Expect From Ric Virgin CEO Richard Bransons Virgin Space Ship Enterprise Is Set To Set The World On Fire. We Dose Him With Cold Water With Our Rundown Of Things To Expect With The Launch Of Virgin Galactic.
JPEG Exploit Hits Usenet, Worm Close Behind An exploit attacking the most recent Windows bug is circulating on Usenet, security experts said Tuesday, that crashes machines, yet another indicator that attackers will chase the vulnerability until they #39;ve launched mass mailing-style worm-based attacks 
Yahoo Working On New Design Yahoo unveiled new versions of its Front Page and My Yahoo, showcasing enhancements in design and functionality to both. Beta versions of both pages will be rolled out on a phased basis beginning today.
Health Highlights: Sept. 28, 2004 About half the Viagra sold on the Internet could be fake, according to University of London researchers. The scientists used near infrared (NIR) microscopy to check the ingredients of various samples of Viagra that were purchased online.
EPCglobal One Year Later Sept. 27, 2004This week EPCglobal US, the US chapter of EPCglobal, holds its second annual user conference and celebrates EPCglobals anniversary, as well as its own.
Soccer: Rooney guns down Turks with hattrick on Man United debut MANCHESTER, England : Wayne Rooney opened his Manchester United career in spectacular fashion, scoring a hattrick as his new team thrashed Turkish champions Fenerbahce 6-2 in a Champions League Group D tie.
ARON ON COWBOYS: Dallas plays better, but still scraping out wins IRVING, Texas - They never trailed and didn #39;t have any turnovers. They made five sacks and got strong play from a rookie cornerback forced into action when a starter was hurt.
Sparta Prague 1-2 Lyon: FT Report Sylvain Wiltord #39;s second half goal gave Olympique Lyon a 2-1 win over Sparta Prague on Tuesday and handed the French side their first win in Group D of the Champions League.
Just in time the Cubs put it all together in win over Reds A message on a dry-erase board greeted the Cubs in their clubhouse Monday and explained how they should approach the final days of the regular season.
Coming soon Awesome foursome, starring Vijay Singh NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 28: Local golf fans are in for a treat: For the first time ever, the sports top-ranked player will be in India.
Lyon find their Sylvain lining REVITALISED former French international striker Sylvain Wiltord hit the winner in Lyon #39;s 2-1 Champions League victory at Sparta Prague in a virtuoso display contrasting sharply with his fruitless time at Arsenal.
Nigeria #39;s oil rebels fuel fears of global shortage A revolt in the African state is threatening to disrupt the country #39;s most important export. Christian Allen Purefoy reports from Lagos on the latest conflict driving up the price of crude.
Palestinian PM Urges Tactical Rethink in Conflict Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie marked the anniversary of a Palestinian uprising against Israel on Tuesday by calling on both sides to rethink tactics that have brought four years of bloodshed.
Iraq: Italian Hostages Released ROME (CBS) The Arab television network Al-Jazeera announced that two Italian hostages were released Tuesday in Iraq. Italian news reports said Premier Silvio Berlusconi has confirmed the release.
Clear Channel Selects Fox to Supply Radio News Clear Channel Radio, the largest US radio station chain, has selected Rupert Murdoch #39;s Fox News Radio as the main news supplier for about 100 of its news/talk stations, the companies said on Monday.
News: House votes to make video cameras in movie theaters a federal crime The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
Infocus: Defeating Honeypots : Network issues, Part 1 The purpose of this paper is to explain how attackers behave when they attempt to identify and defeat honeypots, and is useful for security professionals to deploy honeypots in a more stealthy manner.
Report: French Hostages in Iraq to Be Freed Soon (Reuters) Reuters - A man Al Arabiya television said was\negotiating the release of two French journalists held hostage\in Iraq said on Tuesday he met the two Frenchmen and that an\agreement had been reached to free them soon.
Italy Rejoices As Hostages Released (AP) AP - A relieved Italy broke into celebration after two Italian aid workers kidnapped in Iraq three weeks ago were released Tuesday, arriving home hours later aboard a private jet.
U.S. Official Sees No N.Korea Talks Before U.S. Vote (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea has apparently decided\against holding six-party talks on dismantling its suspected\nuclear arms programs until after the Nov. 2 U.S. presidential\election, a senior U.S. official said on Tuesday.
Drivers, those who heat with oil, to feel the most pain from crude oil hike (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - With the price of crude oil continuing its summertime climb to hit a record high of  #36;50 US per barrel this week, Canadian consumers are feeling the pinch at the gas pumps and gearing up for a winter of high heating oil costs.
Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry (AP) AP - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle  #151; wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.
Tough Quarter for Circuit City Circuit City (CC:NYSE - news - research) Monday said same-store sales fell 4.3 in the third-quarter, attributing the decline to decreased promotions as well as weaker sales of music and movie software and wireless products.
Observers Foresee Snags in U.S. Election (AP) AP - Problems loom for the presidential election including voting equipment changes that could delay the outcome past Nov. 2, a group of international observers said Tuesday in a report.
Lawmakers Optimistic on Spy Agency Overhaul (Reuters) Reuters - Key lawmakers said on Tuesday they\were optimistic of quick approval by Congress for reforms of\the U.S. intelligence services including a powerful new\director, despite disputes between the Senate and the House of\Representatives.
Report: French Hostages in Iraq to Be Freed Soon  DUBAI (Reuters) - A man Al Arabiya television said was  negotiating the release of two French journalists held hostage  in Iraq said on Tuesday he met the two Frenchmen and that an  agreement had been reached to free them soon.
AmerisourceBergen to Boost Flu Vaccine AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) said on Monday it has signed a 10-year agreement with ID Biomedical Corp. (IDB) of Canada to distribute ID Biomedical #39;s flu vaccine in the United States.
U.S. Official Sees No N.Korea Talks Before U.S. Vote  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea has apparently decided  against holding six-party talks on dismantling its suspected  nuclear arms programs until after the Nov. 2 U.S. presidential  election, a senior U.S. official said on Tuesday.
Falluja faces 'decisive action' Iraq's interim prime minister says decisive military action may soon be carried out in the rebel city of Falluja
'American Taliban' Seeks Commuted Sentence SAN FRANCISCO - John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban.    His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said that Lindh was fighting alongside the Taliban in a civil war against the Northern Alliance, that he is not a terrorist and that he never fought against U.S...
Peru Coca Growers Briefly Hold Tourists Coca growers protesting government plans to eradicate their cocaine-producing crop briefly held a group of European tourists visiting Inca ruins in the Andean city of Cuzco Tuesday, police said.
Briefly: Alvarion expands wireless broadband in China roundup Plus: .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches...IBM launches business research group...Verbatim to make discs with HP labeling feature.
Caterpillar Boosts 2004 Sales View Heavy equipment maker Caterpillar Inc. on Tuesday raised its full-year sales expectations, as stronger demand in North and South America fueled a sharp increase in global machine and engine sales.
Motorola sends 1,000 drones packing Motorola plans to axe 1,000 workers across a number of business units, hoping to reduce costs as it refocuses on its wireless business.
Investment Firm Sells All MCI Shares The investment firm which said it may buy more than half of MCI Inc. #39;s shares has now sold all of its holdings in the telephone company for a quick profit, raising doubts about whether the courtship was sincere or designed to stoke interest in the stock.
Microsoft, Amazon file phishing, spamming lawsuits SEPTEMBER 28, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. today said they have filed one joint and several separate lawsuits against companies and individuals accusing them of trying to defraud 
SEC Accuses Former NextCard Executives Securities regulators are suing the management team behind the rapid rise and fall of online credit lender NextCard Inc., alleging the company #39;s top executives cooked the books and then scrambled to sell their stock before the ruse unraveled into 
Oil soars above US\$50 to a new high CRUDE oil prices surged past US\$50 a barrel for the first time yesterday to a new record high, raising concerns that higher energy costs could slow the global economy next year.
Vermeil's Friends Back Troubled Coach (AP) AP - Since his Kansas City Chiefs fell to 0-3, Dick Vermeil has gotten phone calls and e-mails sending words of encouragement.
Raptors Coach Doesn't See Carter As Issue (AP) AP - Vince Carter wants out of Toronto, but new Raptors' coach Sam Mitchell doesn't think it will be an issue when training camp opens next week.
Branson reaches for the stars in latest venture LONDON - Britain #39;s Sir Richard Branson reinforced his reputation as an entrepreneurial showman by announcing a US\$100 million (S\$170 million) plan to take well-heeled passengers, with him possibly being among the first, for a sub-orbital ride into space.
 #39;JpegOfDeath #39; Using Windows Weakness To Spread Trojan Security firm F-Secure warned that the latest Windows vulnerability appears to be attracting more than the typical interest among the hacking community and that given the speed at which the 
Half Of Online Viagra Bogus often via spam-style blastings that plague mailboxes worldwide -- is fake, a British researcher said Tuesday. Dr. Nic Wilson of the School of Pharmacy 
PalmSource Targets Smartphones Looking to compete with the likes of Symbian and Microsoft, PalmSource is unveiling its new operating system geared specifically for the creation of smartphones.
Oracle looks beyond big-ticket contracts This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Oracle has begun selling business applications software to small companies in conjunction 
When the Sun lost its heat Locked away in fossils is evidence of a sudden solar cooling. Kate Ravilious meets the experts who say it could explain a 3,000-year-old mass migration - and today #39;s global warming.
Users Hamper Information Security Employees still pose the biggest corporate security threat, while IT systems are the main corporate security focus, reports audit and business advisory firm Ernst  amp; Young in its latest Global Information Security Survey.
Chicago Bears Sign QB Chad Hutchinson (AP) AP - The Chicago Bears signed former Dallas quarterback Chad Hutchinson to a two-year contract Tuesday as insurance after Rex Grossman was lost for the season with a knee injury.
American Express Cship: Woods eyes fourth title after Vijays &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON: Three-times winner Tiger Woods bids for a third successive title at this weeks WGC-American Express Championship in Kilkenny, Ireland.
Time now for boring Arsenal LONDON - Entertaining football in the Premiership, boring in the Champions League. That is the key to Arsenal #39;s success, insists Robert Pires.
New Raptors coach doesn #39;t think Carter will be a distraction Vince Carter wants out of Toronto, but new Raptors #39; coach Sam Mitchell doesn #39;t think it will be an issue when training camp opens next week.
Hope lingers at Olympic Stadium as Expos set for possible last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - A large crowd is expected at Olympic Stadium for what may be the last home game for the Montreal Expos on Wednesday night, but who knows if the mood will be that of a party or a funeral?
Twins-Yankees Game Postponed by Rain (AP) AP - The game between the Minnesota Twins and the New York Yankees on Tuesday night was postponed by rain.
Misgivings from Jordan on Iraq vote King Abdullah II of Jordan said in an interview published Tuesday that he thought it was impossible under  quot;the chaos which Iraq knows today quot; to go ahead with elections there scheduled for January, and that if the vote were held  quot;the extremists quot; would win.
Two Arrested in Death of US Journalist Two Chechen men suspected of taking part in the murder of American journalist Paul Klebnikov have been arrested, police said Tuesday, and one commentator cited his interviews with a rebel leader as a possible motive.
US forces launch airstrikes in Fallujah, Sadr city US forces launched Tuesday a series of air strikes on Fallujah and Sadr city northeast of Baghdad. Residents in Fallujah say that US aircrafts launched two rounds of attacks on the city, but the US military 
3-1 Notre Dame Unfazed by Being Unranked (AP) AP - Only one other time has Notre Dame been 3-1 and unranked.
Dottie Pepper to Join Golf Channel Next Year (AP) AP - Two-time major champion Dottie Pepper is moving to the broadcast booth next year, signing a contract with The Golf Channel to be a lead analyst for its tournament coverage.
San Francisco's Candlestick Renamed Monster Park  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Candlestick Park, home of the San  Francisco 49ers NFL team, was renamed "Monster Park" on Tuesday  in a \$6 million deal with an electronics cable company.
Cell phone talker arrest refuels etiquette debate Cell phones in public are annoying--when other people use them. But how do we tackle the problem?
High oil prices may slow US economy, won't cause recession: experts (AFP) AFP - The surge in crude-oil prices to 50 dollars a barrel is likely to hold back the US economy but probably not cause a recession, analysts say.
Cendant Near Deal to Buy Orbitz  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Travel and real estate heavyweight  Cendant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CD.N&lt;/A&gt; is nearing a deal to buy online travel  site Orbitz Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORBZ.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORBZ.O&lt;/A&gt;, which is controlled by the top five  U.S. airlines, for about \$1.2 billion in cash, a source close  to the talks said on Tuesday.
Delta to Cut Wages 10 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Tuesday it will cut wages by 10 percent and its chief executive  will go unpaid for the rest of the year, but it still warned of  bankruptcy within weeks unless more cuts are made.
Cendant in talks to buy Orbitz for \$1 billion Cendant Corporation, the travel and property services company that owns Avis and Budget, is in talks to acquire Orbitz.com, an online travel company, in a deal valued at around \$1 billion.
Virginia Gets New Tech Chief After nearly three years as deputy secretary of technology for the commonwealth of Virginia, Eugene Huang next week will step up to be Gov.
When staff can be more dangerous than hackers COMPANIES here more concerned with preventing computer viruses from attacking them, are neglecting their biggest information security threats - their employees and business partners.
The Moog Synthesizer Makes a Comeback A growing number of contemporary musicians and techno enthusiasts have reignited interest in the Moog, which can synthesize any sound imaginable.
Report: Cendant near deal to buy Orbitz Shares of Orbitz (ORBZ) jumped more than 25 in after-hours trading Tuesday on reports that the travel and real estate company Cendant (CD) is close to an agreement to buy the online travel site for about \$1.
Caterpillar boosts 2004 revenue forecast Shares of Caterpillar (CAT) jumped more than 3 Tuesday after boosting its 2004 revenue outlook Tuesday, citing continued strong demand.
SourceLabs Gets Venture Funding  quot;There is clearly a lot of pent-up momentum, quot; says SourceLabs #39; Cornelius Willis.  quot;Companies want to get off of proprietary technology, but have been hesitant because of the lack of support.
Sun Expands RFID Testing, Tools After setting up an initial RFID test center in Dallas last May, Sun Microsystems Inc. will follow up with a similar facility somewhere in Scotland, said Vijay Sarathy, group marketing manager for RFID at Sun.
Hamm, attorneys argue to keep gold An exhausted but relieved Paul Hamm will take today to relax in Lausanne, Switzerland, then fly home to the USA on Wednesday, hoping to leave the past and start concentrating on the future.
7 hostages released by Iraqi captors but violence continues Iraqi kidnappers released two Italian aid workers and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for at least 18 foreigners still in captivity.
Blair unveils a 10-point policy plan as he sets out vision for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tony Blair pledged to create an  quot;opportunity society quot; in which everyone had  quot;an equal chance to succeed quot; yesterday as he outlined the policies he would introduce if Labour wins an historic third term in power.
Disbelief as Chechens held for Russian editor #39;s murder Russian police claimed yesterday that one of the country #39;s most brutal and enigmatic contract killings - the drive-by shooting of the American journalist Paul Klebnikov in July - had 
VIEW: Islam and Turkeys EU membership Ijaz Hussain In its ardent desire to be part of Europe, modern Turkey jettisoned its Islamic character in favour of secularism about eight decades back; was in denial of its rich Islamic past and broke ranks with the Muslim world in its quest for a European identity.
Offshore company offering US\$400M to bail out Trump Hotels  amp; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Internet casino operator said Tuesday it is offering Donald Trump \$400 million for a stake in his ailing casino company. Casino Fortune, a Trinidad-based company, said it has approached 
Hicks Muse pays \$194 million for ConAgra unit DALLAS ConAgra Foods will get 194 (M) million dollars for selling its minority interest in Swift Foods to Dallas-based Hicks, Muse, Tate and Furst.
Viagra bought online  #39;often fake #39; Half of men buying the impotence drug Viagra online are getting counterfeit tablets, study findings suggest. Dr Nic Wilson from the University of London tested Internet-sold samples using a new technique that accurately spots the ingredients of tablets.
BoSox #39;s Astacio, Yanks #39; Halsey suspended NEW YORK - Boston Red Sox pitcher Pedro Astacio and New York Yankees pitcher Brad Halsey were each suspended Tuesday for three games and fined an undisclosed amount by Major League Baseball after being ejected from Bostons 11-4 win over the weekend.
North Korea should stop boasting and return to negotiating table &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States urged North Korea Tuesday to stop boasting about its nuclear weapons capability and return to the negotiating table to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.
NIGERIA: Militia group vows to attack oil workers if firms stay in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PORT HARCOURT, 28 Sep 2004 (IRIN) - An ethnic militia group in Nigeria #39;s southeastern oil region vowed on Tuesday to attack oil workers there unless their companies shut down operations within three days.
High flyers aiming for the stars Some of the country #39;s richest businessmen said yesterday they couldn #39;t wait to splash their cash on the first commercial flights into orbit.
Joy in Italy as hostages freed : Two Italian women aid workers and their two Iraqi colleagues abducted in Baghdad have been freed after difficult negotiations, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi told a delighted parliament today.
Nader Supporters Lose Supreme Court Appeal (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected a last-ditch bid to put Ralph Nader on Oregon's election ballot.
Supreme Court to Review Taking Property for Development (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court said on\Tuesday that it would decide whether the government can take a\person's home or business for a private development project\intended to boost tax revenues and revitalize a local economy.
Tourist Hostages Freed from Inca Temple in Peru  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian special forces on Tuesday  freed 20 foreign tourists who were briefly taken hostage by  protesting coca growers in an Inca temple in the southern city  of Cuzco, police said.
Unrest hampers Haitian flood aid The UN asks for extra forces to police storm-hit Gonaives, amid a breakdown in law and order has collapsed.
X-Prize craft set for space shot The race for the \$10m Ansari X-Prize begins in earnest on Wednesday as SpaceShipOne prepares to rocket to more than 100km above the Earth.
Crude Oil Prices Surpass \$50 Per Barrel Crude oil surpassed \$50 a barrel for the first time and analysts said Tuesday that prices could keep rising because of a sharp rise in global demand, tight supplies and threats to output in petroleum-producing nations such as Iraq and Nigeria.    Homeowners and energy-intensive industries could feel the sting from high oil prices worsen as seasonal demand picks up this winter, and there is already evidence that the supply disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan are making it more costly to drive...
Kidnappers Release Seven Hostages in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers released two female Italian aid workers and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for at least 18 foreigners still in captivity. But insurgents showed no sign of easing their blood-soaked campaign against the U.S...
UPDATE 1-Trump casinos aim to set restructuring course soon Donald Trump #39;s casino company expects to decided in the next couple of weeks whether it can reach a new debt restructuring deal with bond holders, sell assets or whether Trump will take the company private, executive vice 
Mets Beat Braves 2-1 to Open Twinbill (AP) AP - Gerald Williams and Eric Valent hit solo home runs to give the New York Mets a 2-1 victory over the Atlanta Braves in the first game of a doubleheader Tuesday.
Warning over fake Viagra Half the Viagra tablets sold on the internet may be fakes, the British Pharmaceutical Conference in Manchester was told yesterday by London University researchers who have developed a way of identifying imitations.
Microsoft Makes Its Third Contribution To Open-Source Site Microsoft Corp. has contributed its FlexWiki collaboration tool to SourceForge.Net, the third release from the software giant to the open-source development site, both organizations said Tuesday.
FIFA to Take Action Against France, Italy, Netherlands for not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The International Football Federation says it will pursue disciplinary action against France, Italy and the Netherlands for not handing down tough penalties against players who use drugs.
Four dead in Argentine high school rampage A high school student wielding a 9mm pistol shot and killed four classmates and wounded five more today in Argentina #39;s worst school rampage, police said.
Twins-Yankees Game Postponed by Rain The game will be made up as part of a Wednesday doubleheader starting at 4 p.m. ET at Yankee Stadium.
McNair Our of Hospital Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair is released from the hospital Tuesday morning after a two-night stay with a bruised sternum.
Edelin Ruled Ineligible Syracuse point guard Billy Edelin has been declared ineligible for the first semester of the academic year because he does not meet NCAA academic eligibility requirements, school officials said Tuesday.
Astacio, Halsey Suspended Red Sox pitcher Pedro Astacio and Yankees pitcher Brad Halsey were each suspended Tuesday for three games and fined an undisclosed amount.
O's-Blue Jays Postponed The Baltimore Orioles-Toronto Blue Jays game for Tuesday night has been canceled and rescheduled for Wednesday as part of a doubleheder.
Red Hat hates money, which makes it better than Sun &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; shill disgusts free software fans
Google Shares Hit New High  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of newly public Google  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday hit a new high and posted  their  largest single-day percentage gain after five investment banks  issued bullish reports on the leading Web search provider.
Clashes as Iran Islamic fund fails One person was killed and 18 injured in clashes in Iran linked to the collapse of an Islamic loan fund, Iranian state TV reports.
Briefly: Tech firms rally against copyright bill roundup Plus: .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches...Alvarion expands wireless broadband in China...IBM launches business research group.
Cell phone talker's arrest stirs etiquette debate Public chatter on mobile phones is annoying--when other people use them. But how do we tackle the problem?
Simpsons swallowed whole by DVD of the future Imagine getting more than a dozen seasons of Homer and Bart all on one disc. Or, sure, you could back up a terabyte of corporate data.
Mercury Interactive unveils a tool to let users, not just IT, test applications In an effort to reduce the cycle time between application design and testing and when the application is put into production, Mercury Interactive introduced this week Mercury Business Process Testing. The application will be part of the Mercury Quality Center suite of applications.
Branson #39;s tilting trains hit by technical snag LONDON: In an unfortunate coincidence for Britain #39;s favourite entrepreneurial billionaire-showman, the promise to offer the world #39;s first commercial space flights in less than three years, has hit its first stumbling block a dismal transport record back 
MS Fights SourceForge, Loses, and Gives Gift GotDotNet? Depends on who you talk to. Microsoft #39;s answer to SourceForge has been as trouble-free as a baby. Who #39;s been dropped.
His house damaged by Hurricane Jeanne, Singh pulls out of AmEx COUNTY KILKENNY, Ireland (PA) -- Hurricane Jeanne has led to world No. 1 Vijay Singh pulling out of this week #39;s WGC-American Express Championship at Mount Juliet.
Offensive Linemen Looking for Redemption ATHENS - Daniel Inman went home to North Carolina this weekend and tried to get away from football. It didn #39;t work.  quot;The whole time I was at home, I was thinking of this game, quot; Daniel Inman said.
Players have fun in new 4-on-4 league When Randy Gumbley called Rick Dudley last month, the founder of the Original Stars Hockey League asked the former NHL Florida Panthers general manager to be commissioner.
qualifiers to deplete MLS In the battle between Major League Soccer and the national teams of several players over the coming weeks, there will be likely few winners.
Embattled Blair pushes for third term Here we are again .. my toughest week yet since the last one ... and before the next one, said the ever-embattled but resolute British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the start of a 
Argentine teen shoots dead four classmates A 15-year-old youth opened fire on classmates at his school in southern Argentina, killing four students and injuring five others, authorities said.
First Look: LCD Adds a Dimension to the Desktop Sharp's LL-151-3D offers stereoscopic mode for viewing 3D models, but it'll cost you.
Telecom Italia buys mobile stake Telecom Italia is poised to pay 20bn euros for the 44 stake it does not already own of its mobile unit TIM.
Google shares hit new high, analysts bullish Shares of newly public Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday hit a new high and posted their largest single-day percentage gain after five investment 
Mourinho: No love lost when we play old team Porto LONDON: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho insists there will be no love lost when he comes face to face with Porto, the Champions League winners he quit.
Gibbs bothered by questionable Monday night calls Apparently even a Hall of Fame coach doesn #39;t get a break from the officials. Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs on Tuesday reviewed the tape of the previous night #39;s loss to the Dallas Cowboys and determined he was on the wrong side of  quot;two awful calls.
Ratliff signs extension with Portland Portland, OR (Sports Network) - The Portland Trail Blazers signed center Theo Ratliff to a five-year contract extension on Tuesday.
Google Shares Hit New High (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of newly public Google\Inc.  on Tuesday hit a new high and posted  their\largest single-day percentage gain after five investment banks\issued bullish reports on the leading Web search provider.
First Look: LCD Adds a Dimension to the Desktop (PC World) PC World - Sharp's LL-151-3D offers stereoscopic mode for viewing 3D models, but it'll cost you.
Sun Expands RFID Testing, Tools (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Its next test center will be in Scotland, the company said at EPGglobal, where it also announced its first RFID toolkit and an RFID warehouse management solution.
UC Berkeley slows speed of light to improve networking Optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. Slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
New avian flu cases confirmed in Thailand, human transmission &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sep 28, 2004 (CIDRAP News) - Thailand #39;s avian influenza outbreak is drawing widespread international attention with the confirmation of two more human cases, one of which opens the possibility of human-to-human transmission.
Plane diverted to Ireland AN Olympic Airways plane bound for New York with 295 passengers aboard was being diverted to Shannon airport in Ireland after an Athens newspaper received warning of a bomb on board, a company spokesman said.
Jordan #39;s king: Iraq elections impossible PARIS -- The Jordanian monarch said in an interview published Tuesday that elections in Iraq are impossible in the current chaos and that he sees no chances of improvement in the short term.
New Toshiba notebooks highlight long-running trend SAN FRANCISCO - Toshiba Corp.'s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on Tuesday, are further evidence that U.S. consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel Corp.'s newer mobile processors.
Web Gaming Changes Social Interactions Not so long ago, in a galaxy not so far away, Chip Collier was on a mission. "I really gotta stop bleeding and dying," the 24-year old said as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. "I'm really horrible about not paying attention to my battle fatigue."
Former Foes Russia, Turkey Eye Era of Warmer Ties  ANKARA (Reuters) - Russia and Turkey, putting to rest  lingering Cold War tensions, said Monday it was time their  political ties caught up with their booming economic links.
Survey: Net File-Sharing Doesn't Hurt Most Artists Most musicians and artists say the Internet has helped them make more money from their work\despite online file-trading services that allow users to copy songs and other material for free, according to a study released on Sunday.
UPDATE 1-Coeur throws in towel on Wheaton bid Coeur d #39;Alene Mines Corp (CDE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) admitted defeat on Tuesday in its \$1.8 billion bid to acquire Canadian gold and silver miner Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.
UPDATE 1-Hicks Muse pays \$194 mln for ConAgra #39;s Swift stake ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said private equity firm Hicks, Muse, Tate  amp; Furst Inc. exercised its option to buy the company #39;s minority stake 
Neiman Marcus unveils 2004 Christmas Book Neiman Marcus on Tuesday unveiled its 2004 Christmas Book, which features an extraordinary array of gifts from a his and her bowling alley to a 230-foot-long Zeppelin.
Cloning hope for neurone disease The scientist who cloned Dolly the sheep has applied for a licence to clone human embryos in the hope of using stem cells extracted from them to unravel the mysteries of motor neurone disease.
IXI MOBILE JOINS FORCES WITH AT amp;T WIRELESS TO LAUNCH OGOT Redwood City, CA, 28 September 2004 - IXI Mobile and its IXI-Connect OS software have been selected by AT amp;T Wireless for Ogo, AT amp;T Wireless #39; hip, new mobile messaging device.
PARALYMPICS SOMBRE CLOSING CEREMONY Instead of the fireworks and all night partying that usually accompanies such an event, it was a scaled back closing ceremony for the Athens Paralympics in tribute to seven teenagers killed in a bus crash on their way to the Games.
Fans to vote on Candlestick Park renaming San Francisco #39;s iconic Candlestick Park, the home of the San Francisco 49ers, was renamed Monster Park on Tuesday in a \$US6 million deal with an electronics cable company.
Argentina: Teenage shooter slays three An Argentine student opened fire on his classmates Tuesday killing four of them in the southern Argentina city of Carmen de Patagones.
Ex-CIA Chief Gates Warns on Cyberterror Cyberterrorism could be the most devastating weapon of mass destruction yet and could cripple the U.S. economy, former CIA Director Robert Gates said at a terrorism conference Saturday.
Dolly Creator Applies for Cloning License (AP) AP - The creator of Dolly the sheep, the world's first mammal cloned from an adult, applied for a human cloning license Tuesday to study how nerve cells go awry to cause motor neuron disease.
Winemaker Tests Marriage of Wine and Song (AP) AP - Plants like being talked to, right? Well, Spanish researchers want to know if yeast used to age sherry grows better with music loosely based on its own DNA.
California Quake Area a Seismic Hot Spot (AP) AP - The area of the San Andreas fault where a magnitude-6.0 earthquake struck Tuesday is a seismic hot spot that has produced similar temblors every two or three decades and, as a consequence, is among the most-monitored quake sites in the world.
BayStar begins selling SCO stock Investment fund sells hundreds of thousands of shares, but still has major stake--and voice--in SCO's future.
Slowing the speed of light to improve networking Optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. Slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
Cendant nears coup for US online travel group Cendant, the American travel group that owns car rental shops Avis and Budget, is close to acquiring online travel agency Orbitz.com in a deal said to be worth more than \$1 billion.
EU nominee defends business record, promising to be impartial BRUSSELS Neelie Kroes, the Dutch candidate to be the European Union #39;s powerful new competition commissioner, defended her nomination in hearings at the European Parliament on Tuesday, insisting that her past membership on company boards did not imply a 
Blair rallies support for 2012 London 2012 Olympic bid leaders yesterday insisted that the capital has a realistic chance of winning the right to host the next but one summer games despite starting the campaign behind the clear favourites, Paris.
Seven foreign hostages released is all smiles as released hostages Simona Torretta (R) and Simon Pari celebrate as they arrive at Ciampino Airport in Rome September 28, 2004.
Celtic receive double boost with Sutton in and Stam out CELTIC face a tall order in tonights Champions League match against AC Milan in Italy, but the Scottish champions were given encouragement yesterday when striker Chris Sutton declared himself fit for action.
Former BEA executives launch open source company Three former BEA Systems Inc. executives who left earlier this year have resurfaced as founders of a Seattle startup that plans to begin integrating and supporting a variety of open source server software next year.
Small Wineries Find Ally Supporters of interstate shipping of wine from producers to consumers see their cause as a contest between David and Goliath: mom-and-pop wineries and connoisseurs of the grape vs. powerful liquor wholesalers.
Freescale announces dual-core PowerPC processor SHANGHAI - While much has been made of efforts by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Intel Corp. to bring dual-core processors to PCs and servers, Freescale Semiconductor Inc. announced Tuesday at a conference in Frankfurt, Germany, details of a dual-core PowerPC processor designed for embedded applications, such as networking and storage.
U.S. House approves tougher law against file trading SAN FRANCISCO - The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill Tuesday that could allow criminal charges to be brought against individuals who participate in file-swapping Web sites or networks.
ETA Sets Off Bombs Across Spain; No Serious Injuries  MADRID (Reuters) - The Basque separatist group ETA set off  a series of bombs across Spain Monday, but no one was seriously  injured in the resurgence of violence by the outlawed  guerrillas, Spanish officials and media said.
Breeding Captive Elephants Is Difficult (AP) AP - Elephants in zoos are living as long as those in the wild, but their population in captivity is dwindling because it is so difficult to breed them, according to studies released Friday.
Kidnappers Release Seven Hostages in Iraq (AP) AP - Kidnappers released two female Italian aid workers and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for foreigners still in captivity. But insurgents showed no sign of easing their blood-soaked campaign against the U.S. presence in Iraq, staging a show of defiance in Samarra and striking twice with deadly force in Basra.
Cuba, Russia Agree to Condemn Terrorism (AP) AP - The top diplomats for Russia and Cuba condemned all forms of terrorism Tuesday and renewed Russia's call last week to expand the war against the global scourge.
Sudan Warns of Tribal War in Darfur (AP) AP - A top Sudanese official on Tuesday defended an accused ringleader of Arab militia attacks on African villagers as a legitimate tribal leader and warned any attempt to go after such men could ignite warfare that would tear the country apart.
Australian men jailed for firebombing Asian restaurants (AFP) AFP - Two young Australian men have been jailed for more than two years for firebombing three Asian restaurants in a series of racist attacks earlier this year.
Militant Youths Shut Three Oil Flowstations Crude oil production in the country has again been disrupted after militant youths, numbering about 200, stormed and forcefully shut down three flowstations in the swamp of Rivers State.
Edwards Appeals to Women on Terror Issue (AP) AP - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Tuesday sought to blunt growing support for President Bush among women voters and others concerned about national security by campaigning with a Sept. 11 widow in two states that suffered losses in the terrorist attacks.
Traditional treatments 'do work' Scientific tests on a range of traditional remedies have shown they have "real benefits", researchers say.
Rocco DiSpirito Is Out at Union Pacific Union Pacific, once the jewel in Rocco DiSpirito's crown, will close at the end of the year.
Mets Beat Braves 2-1 to Open Twinbill ATLANTA - Gerald Williams and Eric Valent hit solo home runs to give the New York Mets a 2-1 victory over the Atlanta Braves in the first game of a doubleheader Tuesday.    Williams broke a scoreless tie in the third with his fourth home run, a deep drive to center off Paul Byrd...
White House Opposes Sections of 9/11 Bill WASHINGTON - The White House came out Tuesday against parts of a Senate intelligence reorganization bill, saying they would create "a cumbersome new bureaucracy" for coordinating the activities of 15 spy agencies under a national intelligence director.    Meanwhile, one of the leaders of the Sept...
Delta To Cut Wages, CEO Forgoes Pay Delta Air Lines is to cut wages by 10 percent and its chief executive will go unpaid for the rest of the year, but it still warned of bankruptcy within weeks unless more cuts are made.
Jury in Klesch Litigation Returns Verdict in Favor of Liberty &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Sept. 28 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Liberty Media Corporation announced that the jury in Klesch  amp; Company Ltd.
Yankees' El Duque Has Tired Shoulder (AP) AP - A week before the playoffs begin, the New York Yankees are worried about the health of another starting pitcher. This time, it's Orlando Hernandez.
New Toshiba Notebooks Use Intel Desktop Chips Toshiba #39;s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks are further evidence that US consumers have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel #39;s newer mobile processors.
The Worst Things About Tokyo 1. The toilets. What is that thing, you say? Well, its not a urinal, but rather what is known in English as a squat-toilet. It might seem hard to believe, but many people in Japan prefer using these floor holes to a standard Western toilet.
Giants #39; Hermanson suspended NEW YORK (Ticker) - The San Francisco Giants may have to continue their quest for the postseason without their closer. Major League Baseball on Tuesday suspended righthander Dustin Hermanson three games and 
Hearing Set in Bonds Baseball Lawsuit (AP) AP - A court hearing is scheduled for Wednesday in the dispute over who is the rightful owner of the ball Barry Bonds hit for his 700th home run.
Fan Sues for Barry Bonds' 700th Home Run Ball  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - As the often-quoted Hall of Fame  catcher Yogi Berra might say: "It seems like deja vu all over  again."
Yen Near 6-Week Low Vs Dollar  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen was cornered near a six-week low  against the dollar on Wednesday as record-high oil prices  dampened investors' outlook on the Japanese economy ahead of  the Bank of Japan's survey on business sentiment.
Development: Donor Neglect Deadly - Oxfam The world #39;s poorer nations are paying a heavy price in human lives for the failure of the rich to provide the resources they promised to fight global hunger and poverty, humanitarian agency Oxfam said in a report released Sunday.
UPDATE 2-Solectron net loss narrows on strong revenue Contract electronics manufacturer Solectron Corp. on Tuesday posted a narrower quarterly loss, helped by a 23 percent rise in revenue but issued a forecast at the low end 
Microsoft unveils simplified version of WindowsXP in Asia World #39;s leading software developer Microsoft has announced that it will promote its cheaper and simplified version of WindowsXP in Russia and soon launch a series of marketing 
Notes: Rain washes out game Bag it. The Blue Jays and Orioles got rained out on Tuesday night, bowing to nature #39;s demands. The game will be made up on Wednesday as part of a doubleheader, starting at 3:05 pm ET.
Italian women arrive home from Iraq after hostage ordeal ROME : Two female Italian aid workers arrived back in Rome after being released from a three-week hostage ordeal in Iraq, sparking scenes of joy at their homes and relief among world leaders.
City sees overhaul as precursor to sale, leaving group focused on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; P amp;O staked its immediate future as a ferry operator on the burgeoning freight market yesterday as it blamed the death of the booze cruise for the need to axe one-fifth of its workforce.
Former NatWest bankers fear  #39;unfair trial #39; if extradited to US By James Daley in London and Katherine Griffiths in New York. Three former NatWest bankers who are fighting extradition to the US over their alleged involvement in a 4m fraud linked to the collapse of Enron 
Older People Turn to Internet to Find Love (AP) AP - Sensuous, intellectual woman, 5'3, adventurous, pretty and open, seeks a life partner who is sexy, highly intelligent and cheerful. How old is this woman? In her early 60s. That's the profile Mary Bellis Waller, now 64, posted on two Internet dating sites during her search for a companion. Waller was a pioneer of online dating among people her age, and thousands of others age 60 and older are also turning to the Internet to find romance.
Hackers Target Microsoft's JPEG Flaw (AP) AP - In a harbinger of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in Microsoft Corp. programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
Patent Concerns Unlikely To Nix Munich Linux Plan MonkeyDev writes  quot;Yahoo is reporting that Munich is ready to move forward with plans to  #39;abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of upstart rival Linux.
Future DVDs could hold 1TB of data Future DVDs could hold about one hundred times the capacity that current discs can hold. That would mean about 472 hours of film on one disc the size of a current DVD disc.
EVD aims expansion, partnership amid challenges The video compact disc (VCD) player was a spectacular breakthrough in the history of China #39;s electronics industry. The device, first invented by the Chinese firm Wanyan Electronics 
PalmSource Introduces Latest Version Of Palm OS PalmSource Inc. on Tuesday launched the latest version of its operating system, which targets manufacturers of the increasing number of advanced cellular phones in the market.
PSP Pricing Announced Grey Ninja writes  quot;GC Advanced has reported from the Tokyo Game Show that the PSP will retail for \$349.99. Coupled with the previously announced price of the Nintendo DS at \$149.
Toshiba Unveils New Flat-Panel SED TV (AP) AP - Toshiba Corp. on Tuesday unveiled a flat-panel TV that uses a new technology developed jointly by the Japanese electronics maker and the Japanese camera company Canon.
Argentinian pupil shoots four dead in classroom A high school pupil wielding a 9mm pistol shot dead four classmates and wounded five more yesterday in Argentina #39;s worst school rampage.
Cendant Near Deal to Buy Orbitz -Source (Reuters) Reuters - Travel and real estate heavyweight\Cendant Corp.  is nearing a deal to buy online travel\site Orbitz Inc. , which is controlled by the top five\U.S. airlines, for about  #36;1.2 billion in cash, a source close\to the talks said on Tuesday.
Schwarzenegger Signs California Anti-Spyware Bill (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger signed an anti-spyware bill on Tuesday banning\unauthorized installation of deceptive software that hides in\personal computers and secretly monitors user activity.
North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program The Bush administration responded calmly Tuesday to North Korean claims it has turned the plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into nuclear weapons.
BAE Systems to Acquire Alphatech for  #36;88M (AP) AP - British defense contractor BAE Systems PLC said Tuesday that its U.S. subsidiary will acquire software maker Alphatech Inc. for  #36;88 million cash.
IBM Releases DB2 Information Integrator (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company says "Masala" includes search technology that will make it "dramatically easier to access information of all different kinds" in a unified search, including e-mail files, text documents, video and audio clips.
Two Apes Arrive at Education Center (AP) AP - Warning lights flashed atop four police cars as the caravan wound its way up the driveway in a procession fit for a presidential candidate. At long last, Azy and Indah had arrived. They even flew through a hurricane to get here.
Vertical solutions take hold in CRM (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - As the enterprise increasingly looks for vertical solutions from its CRM vendors, Kana Software with an on-premise solution and Entellium with a hosted solution, will both announce this week industry-specific best practice applications for customer service and sales force automation.
First commercial passenger flights into space? A British multimillionaire, Richard Branson, has just signed a substantial contract with the makers of SpaceShipOne for the development and construction of passenger-carrying space vehicles.
Extradition of ex-NatWest bankers sets  #39;frightening #39; precedent The extradition of three former NatWest bankers, being sought by US prosecutors from the Enron Task Force, would have  quot;frightening consequences quot; for the British legal system, a court heard yesterday.
Euro Disney debt plan agreement Euro Disney, the French theme park operator, said yesterday it had won agreement from all its creditors on a modified debt restructuring plan, including a 250m (170m) capital increase, designed to haul it back from the brink of bankruptcy.
McDonald #39;s CEO gets new chemotherapy McDonald #39;s Corp. Chief Executive Officer Charlie Bell, who underwent colorectal cancer surgery in May, said Tuesday he was back in the hospital for continued treatment.
CD #39;s future is upbeat in download decade Reports of the death of CDs have been greatly exaggerated, according to research published yesterday which said legally downloaded music would represent only a fraction of sales in five years #39; time.
Intel introduces new mobile chip Intel Corp., the world #39;s largest chip maker, on Tuesday introduced a powerful mobile chip running at 3.33 GHz for notebook computers.
Greece tackles road safety after crash Greece announced stringent measures to improve safety on its roads yesterday as the country mourned seven schoolchildren killed in a traffic accident on their way to the Paralympics.
Marlins 5, Expos 2 Jeff Conine homered and Mike Lowell drove in two runs to lead the Florida Marlins over Montreal 5-2 on Tuesday night in what might prove to be the Expos #39; second-to-last game at Olympic Stadium.
Auburn wants repeat of last year #39;s play vs. Vols After two ugly losses and two lightweight wins, the Auburn Tigers finally had a chance to prove their mettle against Tennessee last season.
Tigers 6, White Sox 4 Eric Munson hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 6-4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night.
2 Aid Workers Are Freed After 3 Weeks in Captivity Two Italian aid workers kidnapped 21 days ago in an audacious daylight raid were freed Tuesday, the prime minister of Italy announced.
Second bomb threat on Greek plane A Greek passenger jet bound for New York made an emergency landing in Ireland yesterday after a warning that a bomb was about to explode on board.
Schwarzenegger Signs California Anti-Spyware Bill  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold  Schwarzenegger signed an anti-spyware bill on Tuesday banning  unauthorized installation of deceptive software that hides in  personal computers and secretly monitors user activity.
Hurdles Remain for U.S. Voters Living Overseas Civilians and soldiers living abroad face an unwieldy system of absentee balloting that could prevent their votes from being counted.
Delta CEO declines pay ATLANTA Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s chief executive said yesterday he is declining his six-figure salary for the rest of the year as he detailed a 10 percent pay cut that will affect senior officials, administrative staff and ticket and gate agents.
Neiman Marcus book features pricey gifts Jeff Wasson thumbed the steel visor higher on his forehead so he could see out from under his suit of armor.  quot;It would be a great gift for the executive who has everything, quot; Wasson said of the shiny suit, which weighs 65 pounds.
AT amp;T Unveils Ogo, Text-Only Wireless Device Just after unveiling a wireless network upgrade, AT amp;T Wireless has introduced a wireless messaging device called Ogo, which will provide instant messaging and e-mail from AOL, MSN and Yahoo in addition to direct text messaging.
HP sinks utility project, lays off some workers Hewlett-Packard is getting rid of one of its high-profile utility computing projects, although much of the technology will live on in other initiatives.
Rooney scores hat trick in debut for Manchester United In his debut for Manchester United on Tuesday, the 18-year-old England striker scored three goals as United thrashed Turkey #39;s Fenerbahce 6-2 in the second rotation of the Champions League.
Cendant Is Close to Acquiring Orbitz for \$1.1 Billion The deal would end a daring experiment by the nation's airlines, which created Orbitz as a competitor to Expedia and online ticketing sites like it.
A Bad August Worsens Airline Financial Woes Last month was awful for the airlines because of factors like weather and the fact that kids go back to school earlier than they used to.
School Cellphone Bans Topple (You Can't Suspend Everyone) Rather than banning the phones outright, schools are capitulating to demands of parents and market realities, and allowing students to carry cellphones in school.
For the Splendidly Dressed Man, Web Sites to Match About a half-dozen Web sites have emerged in the past few years to cater to interests of those immersed in the world of classical men's clothing.
Microsoft to sell Windows XP sta Microsoft has announced that it is planning to distribute the low cost stripped down version of Windows XP in Russia, sources say.
-Posted by dan.farber  7:24 pm (PDT) One day Hewlett-Packards Utility Data Center (UDC) is proof of the companys leadership in the emerging on demand, adaptive computing, pay-as-you-go world.
Kornheiser Not that this is a Bandwagon column, mind you, because it most emphatically is not. Not after the Redskins lost to the geriatric Cowboys early Tuesday morning, at an hour when Vinny Testaverde and Eddie George 
Spain vs US in Seville for Davis Cup title Spain will take on the United States for the Davis Cup champion in Southern Spain #39;s Seville City on December 3-5, China Radio International reported Wednesday.
Plans in place to close up shop in Montreal, open up in Washington The Expos president has lists prepared and plans in place to close up shop in Montreal and rebuild the franchise in Washington. He #39;ll begin to act once Major League Baseball confirms the club #39;s move, something which could happen as soon as Thursday.
Toshiba, M'shita LCD Venture to Make Big TV Panels (Reuters) Reuters - An LCD joint venture between Toshiba\Corp. and Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. said on Wednesday\it would start making large TV displays early next year,\entering a rapidly expanding but crowded market.
WHO calms fears over human-to-human bird flu The World Health Organization on Tuesday downplayed concerns over human-to-human transmission of bird flu, after authorities in Thailand confirmed that a woman who died of the virus probably contracted it from her daughter.
CNN journalist has been released Riad Ali, who is an Israeli Arab, was handed over to Palestinian police today, nearly 24 hours after he was abducted at gunpoint from a CNN van.
Family Crisis in Divided Sudan His gut was twisted into a knot, his head pounding, his leg searing in pain from a gunshot wound. Ibrahim Mohamed Doud, a village elder in an African tribe, remembers the day an 
IBM Claims Computer Speed Title (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - IBM Corp. plans to announce today that it has built the world's fastest supercomputer at one of its facilities in Rochester, Minn., wresting the title from a system in Japan.
No Escape From E-Mail BlackBerrys, sometimes referred to as CrackBerrys among addicted adherents, make e-mail portable, available anytime and almost anywhere. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
IBM Claims Computer Speed Title IBM Corp. plans to announce Wednesday that it has built the world's fastest supercomputer at one of its facilities in Rochester, Minn., wresting the title from a system in Japan.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Celera, Genentech Sign Cancer Drug  Deal Celera Genomics Group of Rockville announced an agreement Tuesday to provide potential targets for cancer drugs to biotech giant Genentech Inc.\&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Yen Near 6-Week Low Vs Dollar (Reuters) Reuters - The yen was cornered near a six-week low\against the dollar on Wednesday as record-high oil prices\dampened investors' outlook on the Japanese economy ahead of\the Bank of Japan's survey on business sentiment.
Tokyo Stocks Turn Lower on Oil Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 0.19 percent by\midday on Wednesday, erasing initial gains and extending losses\into a ninth straight day as worry over higher oil prices and\domestic economic uncertainty hit exporters and tech stocks.
Hoenig: High Oil Will Not Derail Economy (Reuters) Reuters - High oil prices will probably\brake U.S. growth but will not derail the economy provided\there is not another sharp spike upwards, a top Federal Reserve\policymaker said on Tuesday.
Toshiba, M'shita LCD Venture to Make Big TV Panels  TOKYO (Reuters) - An LCD joint venture between Toshiba  Corp. and Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. said on Wednesday  it would start making large TV displays early next year,  entering a rapidly expanding but crowded market.
Cendant Near Deal to Buy Orbitz -Source  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Travel and real estate heavyweight  Cendant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CD.N&lt;/A&gt; is nearing a deal to buy online travel  site Orbitz Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORBZ.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORBZ.O&lt;/A&gt;, which is controlled by the top five  U.S. airlines, for about \$1.2 billion in cash, a source close  to the talks said on Tuesday.
Oil Continues Climb Crude oil prices jumped beyond \$50 a barrel Tuesday, renewing concerns that sustained high energy costs will weaken the economy.
Impact May Be Small As  Fannie, Freddie Regroup Mortgage securities traders and strategists say if Fannie Mae does reduce the number of mortgages it buys, it could lead to a small, short-term increase in mortgage interest rates paid by consumers, probably no more than 0.1 percent.
Australia #39;s foreign exchange market booms The Reserve Bank says there has been a sharp increase in activity on Australia #39;s foreign exchange markets over the past three years.
SEC Inspections Yield More Referrals Risk-assessment techniques are yielding results at the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the number of enforcement referrals from SEC inspectors is up significantly in the last six months, senior SEC officials said.
Baseball Eluded Va. Despite Tax Giveaway Proposal After a decade of lobbying, promise making and plan changing, the executives and officials trying to bring a Major League Baseball team to Virginia believed they had one last chance.
Ahlers to retire as head of Marshall Field #39;s Linda Ahlers, president of Marshall Field #39;s, will retire effective Dec. 31, the store chain #39;s owner May Department Stores Co.
Virgin Galactic launches space tourism Richard Branson, famed entrepreneur from Great Britain, has announced that he will launch the first passenger space service in 2007.
Italian hostages released There was widespread rejoicing on Tuesday night in Italy at the release of two Italian female aid workers who had been held hostage in Iraq.
Britain #39;s Blair refuses to apologize for Iraq British Prime Minister Tony Blair has admitted evidence about Saddam Hussein having weapons of mass destruction was wrong, but insists it was the correct decision to remove Saddam Hussein.
St. Helens Blast Said Possible Within Days (AP) AP - A small explosion of rocks, ash and steam could occur within the next few days within the crater of Mount St. Helens, where earthquake activity has been steadily building for nearly a week, scientists said Tuesday.
Israeli Army Kills Gunman in Gaza Raid-Medics (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian\gunman and wounded three early on Wednesday in a raid on\militant strongholds in the northern Gaza Strip, Palestinian\medics and witnesses said.
Blair Defends War, Urges Labour to Unite (AP) AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair, skirting a direct apology, acknowledged to his Labour Party Tuesday that intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq was wrong, but insisted the world was safer with Saddam Hussein in prison.
U.S. Returns Stolen Mexican Altarpiece (AP) AP - The U.S. ambassador formally returned a 300-year-old wooden altarpiece to Mexico on Tuesday that thieves had tried to sell in the United States.
Dole, Gore Participate in Panel Discussion (AP) AP - Bob Dole and Al Gore, both former presidential candidates themselves, offered their thoughts Tuesday on the upcoming debate.
Veterans for Kerry Barred From Bush Rally (AP) AP - About 30 Oregon veterans who support Democrat John Kerry for president were rebuffed Tuesday when they showed up at a Republican rally in hopes of delivering a letter to first lady Laura Bush criticizing the war in Iraq.
A Family Crisis in Divided Sudan The experience of Ibrahim Mohamed Doud and his two wives, one African and one Arab, illustrates the tangled ethnicity of Darfur, the scene of the violent displacement of 1.5 million people.
Ferrari Outsources F1 Engine Design Work (AP) AP - India's top software exporter Tata Consultancy Services announced Monday it has won a multimillion dollar deal with Italian sports car maker Ferrari to design Formula 1 engines.
Tourist Hostages Freed from Inca Temple in Peru &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Robin Emmott&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian special forces on Tuesdayfreed 20 foreign tourists who were briefly taken hostage byprotesting coca growers in an Inca temple in the southern cityof Cuzco, police said.&lt;/p&gt;
IBM Claims Computer Speed Title IBM Corp. plans to announce today that it has built the world #39;s fastest supercomputer at one of its facilities in Rochester, Minn.
HP learns the uselessness of utility HP is throwing in the towel and abandoning its Utility Data Center, just a month shy of its third birthday. The UDC offered self-adapting, self-healing, policy-driven automated cross-platform services: install 
Hurricane Jeanne stops hot Singh Hurrican Jeanne has pervented world number one golfer Vijay Singh from attending this week #39;s WGC tournament in Ireland. Vijay Singh has withdrawn from this week #39;s WGC-American 
Federer gains second round at Thailand Open Top-ranked Roger Federer reached the second round of the Thailand Open on Tuesday in a bid for his 10th title this season, winning 6-4, 7-6 (4) against France #39;s Nicolas Thomann, who is ranked 507th.
Braves ace listed day-to-day with bruised ankle The Braves gasped when Jaret Wright was forced to leave in the third inning of Tuesday night #39;s game against the Mets after being struck just above his right foot with line drive.
LABOUR IN BRIGHTON: TONY #39;S TOP TEN TONY Blair made an impassioned appeal for Labour to put Iraq behind them as he outlined 10 policy pledges to win a historic third term in power.
The Curse of Nigerian Oil If anything should be apparent by now its that George Bush has seriously failed us. We are enmeshed in war for oil in Iraq. As demand across the world increases in the face of shrinking supply, resource exporters 
Analysts can #39;t peg Google com September 28, 2004, 9:54 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Arsenal delight at rise of Reyes It says much for the progress made by Jose Antonio Reyes that the Spain international has become an important part of Arsenal #39;s bid to win the Champions League which continues tonight against Rosenborg.
Roundup: Shock defeated in bid to defend title Bethany Donaphin hit a turnaround jumper with .5 seconds remaining to lift the New York Liberty a 66-64 victory over the defending WNBA champion Detroit Shock on Tuesday night and into the Eastern Conference finals.
Blair battles to unify party ahead of election Prime Minister Tony Blair said in a prepared speech yesterday that he realized the war in Iraq had divided Britain, but that he could not sincerely apologize for helping topple Saddam Hussein.
IBM supercomputer sets world speed record An IBM machine has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese computer that had caused shock waves at US government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
Yen Off Lows Vs Dollar as Oil Pauses  TOKYO, Sept 29 (Reuters) - The yen held off from six-week  lows against the dollar on Wednesday, but traders said the  Japanese currency would likely weaken further if oil prices  keep striking record highs.
Hoenig: High Oil Will Not Derail Economy  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (Reuters) - High oil prices will probably  brake U.S. growth but will not derail the economy provided  there is not another sharp spike upward, a top Federal Reserve  policymaker said on Tuesday.
Google Shares, Once Devalued, Just May Be Winners After All Wall Street, which forced Google, the Internet search engine, to lower the price of its shares sharply in its initial public offering in August, has decided that the company is worth a lot more today than it was then.
Stocks Rise as Investors Shrug Off Oil Prices U.S. blue chips were higher today, led by shares of major oil producers benefiting from higher crude oil prices, which broke through the \$50 a barrel mark.
Crude oil prices stay higher amid Nigerian fighting, lower &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil prices in New York stayed higher Tuesday after passing 50 dollars per barrel as Nigerian rebels threatened oil output and Hurricane Ivan slashed production in the US Gulf of Mexico.
Red Sox 10, Devil Rays 8, 11 innings The Boston Red Sox crept closer to the New York Yankees in the AL East on Tuesday night, beating the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 10-8 on Kevin Millar #39;s two-out, two-run homer in the 11th inning.
Tony Blair fails to inspire his men DEAR readers, Tony Blair #39;s speech at the annual conference of the Labour Party was billed as the most important speech of his political career, considering the grave situation that 
2 Airlines #39; New Cuts Target Executives US Airways intends to slash its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing the pay and benefits for its 3,000 managers and eliminating some positions, sources familiar with the plan said yesterday.
IN BRIEF  Input, a Reston provider of government market intelligence, said the federal budget for first responders to attacks and disasters may decrease for the first time since the Sept.
Microsoft releases simpler version of Windows XP in Asia Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, announced that it has added Russia to its Windows XP Starter Edition pilot program today.
Net-centric consortium gets off the ground Executives from 28 companies in the United States and Europe today faced the cameras and pledged their intention to work together to build interoperable systems for the Defense Department and other government agencies.
SourceLabs Receives Venture Funding SourceLabs will use the venture capital for ongoing research and development and to expand its sales and marketing. Ignition Partners was founded by Microsoft veterans -- including 
Gibbs, Parcells rekindle NFC East rivalry on Monday BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - Joe Gibbs and Bill Parcells are on opposite sidelines for the first time in nearly 14 years when the Washington Redskins host the Dallas Cowboys on Monday night.
American Football: Candlestick Park renamed  #39;Monster Park #39; SAN FRANCISCO - Candlestick Park, home of the San Francisco 49ers National Football League team, was renamed  quot;Monster Park quot; today in a US\$6 million (\$9.
Another  #39;Chase #39; looms for those outside postseason cut As much as Bobby Labonte wants to liken finishing 11th in NASCAR #39;s revised points system to winning a table centerpiece, he finds consolation in spoils such as a \$250,000 points fund 
Typhoon hits southern Japan Typhoon Meari landed on Japan #39;s southernmost main island of Kyushu on Wednesday, forcing hundreds to evacuate as it unleashed heavy rains and strong winds.
IBM Says Blue Gene Breaks Speed Record (AP) AP - IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world's fastest supercomputer.
Two Apes Arrive at Education Center (AP) AP - Warning lights flashed atop four police cars as the caravan wound its way up the driveway in a procession fit for a foreign potentate. At long last, Azy and Indah had arrived. They even flew through a hurricane to get here.
Lanxess Moving Texas Factory to China (AP) AP - Lanxess Corp., a chemicals and polymers unit of Bayer Corp., plans to move one of its factories from Texas to eastern China's Shandong province, state media reported Wednesday.
Activists Sue Over Calif. Forest Plan (AP) AP - Environmental groups sued the U.S. Forest Service on Tuesday, claiming a six-year-old federal law aimed at preventing wildfires has degenerated into a backdoor effort to eventually increase logging across 340,000 acres of Sierra Nevada national forests.
Israeli Army Kills Gunman in Gaza Raid-Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian  gunman and wounded three early on Wednesday in a raid on  militant strongholds in the northern Gaza Strip, Palestinian  medics and witnesses said.
Telecom Italia Poised for TIM Buyout (Reuters) Reuters - Telecom Italia plans to  use cash for a\bigger-than-expected chunk of a 20 billion-euro ( #36;26.69\billion) buyout of its mobile unit TIM, a source close to the\deal said on Monday.
'American Taliban' Seeks Commuted Sentence SAN FRANCISCO - John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban. His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said that Lindh was fighting alongside the Taliban in a civil war against the Northern Alliance, that he is not a terrorist and that he never fought against U.S...
Two Apes Arrive at Education Center DES MOINES, Iowa - Warning lights flashed atop four police cars as the caravan wound its way up the driveway in a procession fit for a foreign potentate. At long last, Azy and Indah had arrived...
Daily News US consumer confidence fell for the second straight month in September as the outlook for jobs deteriorated, the Conference Board said Sept.
Consumers who play float will sink It will soon be riskier than ever to write a check if you don #39;t have money in the bank to cover it. Under a law that goes into effect Oct. 28, banks that get checks will be allowed 
Official: MLB to Move Expos to Washington (AP) AP - Major League Baseball will announce Wednesday that Washington will be the new home of the Montreal Expos, bringing the national pastime back to the nation's capital for the first time in 33 years, The Associated Press has learned.
Roon at the top - hat-trick hero Wayne makes dazzling United debut WAYNE ROONEY launched himself into the footballing stratosphere with a debut hat-trick at Old Trafford last night. On this evidence, Sir Alex Ferguson would have made a wise investment if he had spent the 
Notes: He bunts with the best of  #39;em Ichiro Suzuki is so fast you might wonder why he doesn #39;t bunt more often. Only a handful of his 250-plus hits have been bunts and manager Bob Melvin explained that opposing 
Redskins Coach Bemoans Questionable Calls (AP) AP - Apparently even a Hall of Fame coach doesn't get a break from the officials. Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs on Tuesday reviewed the tape of the previous night's loss to the Dallas Cowboys and determined he was on the wrong side of "two awful calls."
NK Denounces South Korean Foreign Minister #39;s UN Speech Astana - Seoul, September 29 KAZINFORM -- North Korea denounced South Korea #39;s renewed demand for the dismantlement of its nuclear weapons program through a multilateral forum, calling it  quot;an act of a thief wielding up a stick.
Pitcairn women back their men over sex trial The women of remote Pitcairn Island in the South Pacific are proud they started having sex at 12 years of age and believe rape and sex assault charges against their men is an attempt by London to close their island home.
Shell-Shocked Palestinians Want Peace with Israel The Palestinian uprising marked its fourth anniversary with signs that the violent Hamas group is preparing a formidable political challenge to Yasser Arafat, despite a series of devastating blows from Israel.
Minister offers apology for touchy remark Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen () yesterday apologized for the words used to condemn a comment by his Singaporean counterpart who warned against Taiwan independence at a United Nations meeting last week.
Montreal Expos to Relocate to Washington -Reports  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Major League Baseball is set to  announce on Wednesday that the Montreal Expos will relocate to  Washington next year, local media reported, citing city and  baseball officials.
Braves' Wright Suffers Bruised Ankle  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Atlanta Braves starting pitcher  Jaret Wright left Tuesday's game against the New York Mets with  a bruised right ankle.
Troubled Mets Turn to Minaya According to an executive, the Mets have reached an agreement to hire the Montreal Expos' general manager, Omar Minaya, to head the baseball office.
Hernndez's Shoulder Worries Yanks The Yankees' game against the Minnesota Twins was rained out Tuesday night, but Orlando Hernndez, the Yankees' scheduled starter, would not have pitched anyway.
Shopping Search Tactics Shopping search engines make it easy for people to research and buy products. They can also be a powerful and cost-effective customer acquisition channel for merchants.
Oil Clings to  #36;50, Fuel Stocks to Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices hugged  #36;50 a barrel on\Wednesday on worries of potential supply disruptions and with\U.S. crude inventories expected to fall due to the lingering\effects of Hurricane Ivan.
Oil Clings to \$50, Fuel Stocks to Fall  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices hugged \$50 a barrel on  Wednesday on worries of potential supply disruptions and with  U.S. crude inventories expected to fall due to the lingering  effects of Hurricane Ivan.
Panel: Keep sage grouse off endangered list A panel of biologists with the US Fish and Wildlife Service says sage grouse should not be listed as an endangered species. The recommendation has environmental groups threatening to sue.
WENGER FEARS FOR GILBERTO ARSENAL boss Arsene Wenger last night suffered a Champions League setback as Brazilian midfielder Gilberto Silva (above) was left facing a long-term injury absence.
El Duque adds to gloomy NY forecast The Yankees #39; staff infection has spread to the one man the team can #39;t afford to lose. Orlando Hernandez was scratched from last night #39;s scheduled start because 
Diverted Greek plane leaves Ireland for New York after bomb alert DUBLIN, Sept 29 (AFP) - An Olympic Airlines plane diverted to Ireland following a bomb alert, the second faced by the Greek carrier in four days, resumed its journey to New York Wednesday after no device was found on board, airport officials said.
Pitcairn Sex Abuse Trial Judge  #39;Biased #39; Defence lawyers for seven descendants of the 18th-century Bounty mutineers accused of sexual assault on remote Pitcairn Island moved to halt the trials of the men today, claiming judicial bias.
Other Iraq developments Suicide attack misfires: Two suicide bombers tried to ram their cars into a National Guard base in Kharma, about 40 miles west of Baghdad, on Sunday.
Group C: Makaay hits hat-trick to crush Ajax Bayern - who disappointed in last season #39;s campaign - were back to their all-consuming best, their powerful midfield stifling the invention of Ajax #39;s talented trio of Wesleys Sonck and Sneijder and Rafael van der Vaart.
Federer struggles through US Open champion Roger Federer has begun his quest for a 10th 2004 title with a win in the first round of the Thailand Open. Stepping out for the first time since adding the Flushing Meadows Grand Slam title 
Liberty Players Cringe and Watch the Game Tape he Liberty #39;s players said yesterday that they had watched the videotape of Sunday #39;s loss to the Detroit Shock in Game 2 of the WNBA Eastern Conference playoffs and had been embarrassed by what they had seen.
China clings to diplomatic mechanism The Chinese Foreign Ministry said Tuesday it remains hopeful six-party talks on the North Korean nuclear program can resolve the crisis on the peninsula.
Oil Clings to \$50, Fuel Stocks to Fall Oil prices hugged \$50 a barrel on Wednesday on worries of potential supply disruptions and with US crude inventories expected to fall due to the lingering effects of Hurricane Ivan.
Reds 8, Cubs 3 Greg Maddux gave up three homers, including Adam Dunn #39;s 44th of the year, in an 8-3 loss to the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night that could cost the Cubs valuable ground in the NL wild-card race.
Wednesday #39;s preview Points: Though it is still September, this key divisional clash could determine who represents the East Division in the Mid-American Conference title game - as it has for five of the past six years.
Iraqi kidnappers release 7 Kidnappers released two Italian women and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for foreigners still in captivity. Insurgents showed no sign of easing their 
Haiti #39;s hard existence made worse by Jeanne GONAIVES, Haiti - At a local college being used as a hospital, an elderly woman named Madame Edmey Cimeus shouted  quot;Jezu! Jezu!
Fannie Mae Crisis Raises Concerns on Leadership Fannie Maes chief, Franklin Raines, once seen as a rising star and possible future Treasury secretary, may have to reassess his ambitions.
STOCKS TO WATCH SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in Wednesday #39;s session is Orbitz (ORBZ: news, chart, profile).
Economy Can Withstand High Oil -Fed High oil prices will probably brake US growth but will not derail the economy provided they do not rise sharply from current levels, top Federal Reserve policymakers said on Tuesday.
Court asked to oust Black A judge is scheduled today to hear arguments from a Hollinger Inc. minority shareholder that wants to oust Conrad Black and his allies as senior managers of the Toronto holding company.
Court Backs Higher Valuation of HealthSouth Investors #39; Loss he United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit in Atlanta has upheld the valuation by prosecutors of \$328 million in losses by investors in HealthSouth.
Consumer confidence lowest in Midwest Despite the growing economy, consumer confidence has begun to taper off because of the weak labor market, according to a study released Tuesday by The Conference Board.
Colorized \$50 bill makes debut as \$10 bill readied WASHINGTON - A new \$50 bill with touches of red, blue and yellow went into circulation Tuesday and soon will be showing up at banks, cash registers and wallets.
Amazon Targets Phishers in Lawsuits Amazon.com has filed a series of lawsuits against spammers who targeted its customers with e-mails trying to defraud them, the company said yesterday.
NFL concedes mistakes by officials Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs yesterday expressed displeasure with a pair of officiating calls in Washington #39;s 21-18 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Monday night, and the NFL responded by conceding its crew made two mistakes.
Ichiro: Two more hits OAKLAND, Calif. -- Gil Meche continue his amazing transformation last night in the Coliseum, limiting the A #39;s to two runs in 6 2/3 innings as the Mariners beat Oakland 7-2.
MLB will call shots for club in offseason Major League Baseball, which has operated the Montreal Expos the past three seasons, likely still will make the personnel and roster decisions for the team that will play at RFK 
Bills offense in line for trouble Here #39;s what Buffalo Bills offensive line coach Jim McNally sees when he looks at the Patriots stats, news #39; defense: They #39;re sound and have terrific coaching.
Lloyds TSB signs 500m network deal with IBM IBM has signed a 500m, seven-year deal with Lloyds TSB to enhance the banks voice and data services. IBM is acting as the Lloyds TSBs strategic technology partner, as the bank builds a new national 
 #39;MOMENT OF JOY #39; AS THUGS LET 2 WOMEN HOSTAGES GO FREE TO ROME Two female Italian aid workers were liberated yesterday after three weeks of terrifying captivity at the hands of Iraqi abductors, and flew home to tears and cheers in Rome.
Solectron posts \$45 mln Q4 loss SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Electronics contract manufacturer Solectron Corp. reported fourth-quarter revenue late Tuesday that grew 23 percent from a year ago, but gave a first-quarter forecast that fell short of Wall Street #39;s estimates.
Pitcairn women blast sex trials A group of women on the tiny UK Pacific colony of Pitcairn criticise sex abuse trials about to start on the island.
NZ deports Israeli 'spies' Two suspected Israeli spies convicted of trying to obtain a false passport are deported from New Zealand.
Economy Can Withstand High Oil -Fed  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (Reuters) - High oil prices will probably  brake U.S. growth but will not derail the economy provided they  do not rise sharply from current levels, top Federal Reserve  policymakers said on Tuesday.
Six Flags Unveils Fastest Roller Coaster JACKSON, N.J. - Six Flags Great Adventure is opening the world's tallest and fastest roller coaster this spring - a thrill ride that accelerates to 128 mph in 3.5 seconds and rises 456 feet off the ground...
US Air to Cut Executive Payroll 20 Pct  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; plans to cut  its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing pay and benefits  for its 3,000 managers and eliminating positions, The  Washington Post reported on Wednesday.
Israeli Army Kills 2 Palestinians -Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinian  militants early on Wednesday in separate raids in the West Bank  and Gaza Strip, Palestinian medics and witnesses said.
Nepal to Respond to Rebels on Talks, Strike Holds  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal was preparing a response to the  latest terms for fresh talks from Maoist rebels, a minister  said on Wednesday, as nearly half of the kingdom shut down for  a second day in a rebel-sponsored strike.
May announces executive changes ST. LOUIS -- May Department Stores Co. said Tuesday that the president of its newly acquired Marshall Field #39;s chain of department stores will retire at the end of this year.
Neiman Marcus Christmas Book holds perfect gifts for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It #39;s only September, but Neiman Marcus, which launched its annual Christmas Book yesterday, is singing a happy holiday song. And extravagant fun is the name of Neiman #39;s gift-giving tune.
11th Circuit orders resentencing for HealthSouth exec BIRMINGHAM, Ala. Former HealthSouth executive Emery Harris must be resentenced. That #39;s the ruling from the Atlanta-based 11th US- Circuit Court of Appeals.
Bankers fight extradition Three former Natwest bankers appeared in court yesterday to fight extradition to the United States, where they are facing fraud charges for a multi-million pound deal involving disgraced US energy company Enron.
Starbucks to raise its prices beginning Oct. 6 SEATTLE - Starbucks will raise its beverage prices by 11 cents a cup on average starting Oct. 6, the world #39;s largest coffee-shop chain said Tuesday.
Update 1: Solectron Narrows Loss, Sales Up 23 Pct. Solectron Corp., which manufactures electronics sold under other brands, reported a narrowed loss for its latest quarter as margins and revenue both improved from last year.
Cowboys persevere, but questions linger IRVING - They never trailed and had no turnovers. They had five sacks and strong play from a rookie cornerback forced into action when a starter was hurt.
AL Wrap: Guerrero Shines as Angels Heap Pressure on A #39;s Vladimir Guerrero hit a pair of homers and drove in five runs to lead the Anaheim Angels to an 8-2 win over the Texas Rangers in American League play in Arlington on Tuesday.
Hero British soldiers die in Basra Two British soldiers have died trying to save comrades following an ambush near the southern Iraqi city of Basra, a Ministry of Defence spokesman said.
UN pledges help for Darfur refugees, Sudan wants \$300 mln UN refugees agency chief Ruud Lubbers said on Tuesday that the United Nations will work together with the Sudanese government to help Darfur refugees return home while 
Elephant Dung Helps Track Smuggled Ivory - Study (Reuters) Reuters - Using elephant dung and skin\samples, researchers said they were able to make a map of\elephant DNA that could help track down ivory poachers.
Yen Cuts Losses But Oil Threat Persists  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen recouped some of its losses  against the dollar and the euro on Wednesday, but traders said  it would likely weaken further if oil prices keep striking  record highs.
Nikkei Poised to Mark 9-Day Losing Streak  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei was down 0.26 percent by  late trade on Wednesday although it recovered slightly from  earlier lows as selling was curbed amid growing views that the  market has fallen too far too fast.
Techincal problem delays launch of Soyuz spacecraft The next crew of the International Space Station likely will wait a few more days to blast off from Kazakhstan after Russian engineers found another technical glitch with their Soyuz spacecraft.
Real fight back to beat Roma Real Madrid have proved there is still life at the Bernabeu after captain Raul scored twice to lead a heroic fightback and earn the home side a 4-2 victory over AS Roma in Champions League Group B.
Ichiro goes 2-for-5 in Mariners victory OAKLAND, Calif. -- Ichiro Suzuki had two hits on Tuesday night to move within three of tying the single-season record in the Seattle Mariners #39; 7-2 victory over the Oakland Athletics.
Cardinals are left hanging HOUSTON - Starting pitcher Dan Haren pitched well for five innings but not quite well enough against an inspired opponent. Left fielder Reggie Sanders almost gave the Cardinals their second lead of the night but didn #39;t quite make it.
Picturing the next Net exploit As infected images plant back doors on PCs, experts see possibility of virus too.
Condominiums for Businesses Fill a Niche in California The dot-com collapse in Silicon Valley has contributed to the emergence of a previously obscure class of office building: the commercial condominium.
Parade of Hurricanes Erode Fla. Beaches (AP) AP - Many of Florida's beaches have taken on a different look after this year's parade of hurricanes finished shifting, eroding or completely relocating tons of sand. How to deal with that change will be a complicated and costly problem, coastal experts say.
California Counties May Ban Biotech Crops (AP) AP - Dairy farmer Dennis Leonardi, who describes himself as a "taxpayer and law-abiding citizen," will soon harvest the genetically engineered corn he grows to feed his 400 cows.
Britain's press split over Blair speech (AFP) AFP - Britain's press was divided after Prime Minister Tony Blair's annual speech to the Labour Party conference, some giving him credit for admitting the intelligence was wrong over Saddam Hussein's alleged weapons of mass destruction, while others slated him for refusing to apologise over the war in Iraq.
Kerry Association Hurting Some Democrats (AP) AP - Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle hugged President Bush from one end of South Dakota to the other this summer. In his own campaign commercials.
Lawmaker Upset by World Bank Aid to Iraq (AP) AP - With its ample resources and a professional staff numbering 10,000 people, the World Bank seems like an ideal instrument for getting Iraq back on its feet.
U.N. Envoy Says Rights Violations Continue in Myanmar  BANGKOK (Reuters) - A top U.N. rights envoy condemned on  Wednesday the arrest and jailing of opposition activists in  military-ruled Myanmar and said he had received credible  reports of rights violations in border areas.
Thai PM Summons Emergency Bird Flu Meeting  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra  called an emergency meeting on bird flu on Wednesday after  experts said they had probably documented Thailand's first case  of human-to-human transmission of the disease.
Giants Defeat Padres 7-5 SAN DIEGO - Edgardo Alfonzo's two-run double capped a six-run rally in the fourth inning, and the San Francisco Giants tied the Chicago Cubs for the wild-card lead by beating San Diego 7-5 on Tuesday night.    The Giants remained three games behind NL West leader Los Angeles after the Dodgers' 5-4 comeback victory against Colorado...
Nikkei Poised to Mark 9-Day Losing Streak Tokyo #39;s Nikkei was down 0.26 percent by late trade on Wednesday although it recovered slightly from earlier lows as selling was curbed amid growing views that the market has fallen too far too fast.
Giants Defeat Padres 7-5 (AP) AP - Edgardo Alfonzo's two-run double capped a six-run rally in the fourth inning, and the San Francisco Giants tied the Chicago Cubs for the wild-card lead by beating San Diego 7-5 on Tuesday night.
Dodgers Edge Rockies 5-4 (AP) AP - Steve Finley's two-run single capped a five-run rally in the ninth inning that gave the Los Angeles Dodgers a wild 5-4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night.
Munich ignores Linux patent problems THE MUNICH City Council is set to press ahead with a huge Linux project, despite fears of future patent problems. According to Reuters, the council is expected to take a calculated risk and approve the switch 
Google agrees to Chinese censorship SEARCH ENGINE giant Google seems to have agreed to block access to sites that the Chinese authorities think will corrupt their citizens.
Giants get push with win Durham has five hits; SF even with Cubs San Diego -- The sports cliche about taking them one game at a time does not apply in a final-week drive for the playoffs. That, the players say, is looking too far ahead.
Expos stagger to end MONTREAL -- If the Expos are indeed preparing to play their final game in Montreal, they certainly aren #39;t going out in style. Ismael Valdez and three relievers combined on a three-hitter while Jeff Conine 
Ball Notes - Tigers 6, White Sox 4: At Detroit, Eric Munson hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Tigers over Chicago.
It #39;s not just bats rising to occasion We interrupt our regularly scheduled programming to bring you something from October. Don #39;t touch that dial. The Astros may remember their 88th victory more for what it wasn #39;t than what it was.
Sox are better late: Win in 11th after Lowe flops early Derek Lowe stats, news showed last year that he is still more than capable of making major contributions out of the bullpen when he struck out Terrence Long with the 
Blair defends Iraq war, urges party to heal rifts BRIGHTON, ENGLAND -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair tried yesterday to heal divisions over the Iraq war and unite his Labour party to fight for a historic third term in power.
Typhoon Meari Moves Over Kyushu, Flights Canceled (Update2) Typhoon Meari, the eighth tropical cyclone to reach Japan this year, is moving over the southwestern main island of Kyushu, disrupting flights and cutting power.
D-Backs Edge Brewers 9-8 in 11 Innings (AP) AP - Alan Zinter hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the 11th to give the Arizona Diamondbacks a 9-8 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night.
P amp;O To Cut Up To 1,200 Jobs LONDON, SEPT 29: The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P amp;O) will cut up to 1,200 jobs and slash services in a plan to salvage its loss-making ferry business, which has been hit by competition from low-cost airlines.
Capital Radio and GWR to merge Capital Radio and GWR Group say they plan to merge in an all-share, nil-premium deal that will create the dominant company in the UK radio sector.
Delta trying to keep flying Delta Air Lines is cutting pay, increasing employees #39; share of health-care coverage and trimming retirement benefits - all to stave off bankruptcy.
Cendant closes in on deal for Orbitz Cendant Corp., owner of Arapahoe County #39;s CheapTickets.com and many other travel properties, is close to a deal to buy Internet travel agency Orbitz Inc.
Mitsubishi Shareholders Approve Move Mitsubishi Motors Corp. shareholders approved a move Wednesday that was needed to accept new cash into the scandal-plagued Japanese automaker after DaimlerChrysler AG of Germany decided to withdraw further support.
INTERVIEW: Newbridge Wants To Expand Australia #39;s ALH -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--US private equity group Newbridge Capital Inc. (NBG.XX) said Wednesday it plans to expand Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group Ltd.
ConocoPhillips Set to Win \$1.9 Bln Sale of Russian Lukoil Stake ConocoPhillips, the third-largest US oil company by sales, is set to pay at least \$1.9 billion for the Russian government #39;s remaining stake in OAO Lukoil, the nation #39;s largest oil producer.
IBM #39;s Blue Gene to topple Japanese supercomputer BIG BLUE has pre-briefed US journalists about an announcement it will make today which means its Blue Gene supercomputer will knock NEC #39;s Earth Simulator off the top performing slot.
Microsoft open sources more code OPEN SOURCE champion, Microsoft has released the code for its FlexWiki, under an open source licence. FlexWiki, which is a Web-based user collaboration and content management program, is the third that Vole has released under an open source licence.
Philippoussis #39; form suffers blow The 27-year-old #39;s awful form has become so predictable this year after a memorable 2003 which included making the Wimbledon final and leading Australia to glory in the Davis Cup.
San Diego Padres News The Giants batted around to score six runs in the fourth and held on for a 7-5 win over the Padres on Tuesday in front of 35,529 to open the three-game series.
No consensus candidate found, Pawar in fray KOLKATA: Battlelines are drawn for the BCCI presidential election at cricket #39;s top bodys crucial annual general meeting here on Wednesday.
HP Signs Outsourcing Deal with Nokia  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. said on Wednesday  it had signed a five-year technology outsourcing agreement with  Nokia worth \$100 million per year, finalizing a deal first  flagged in February.
File-Spoofing Anti-Piracy Firm Expands in Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Overpeer, an anti-piracy technology firm\best known for flooding Internet file-sharing networks with\bogus music and movie files, is expanding into Europe, the\company said on Wednesday.
Microsoft launches appeal against EU anti-trust ruling (AFP) AFP - US software giant Microsoft is to launch its legal appeal Thursday against a stinging EU anti-trust ruling, six months after it was fined nearly half a billion euros for abusing its market dominance.
Small Islands Caution on Climate Change (AP) AP - Small island states pleaded for more aid as they face a devastating hurricane season and warned that the threat of climate change was as urgent as the fight against terrorism and should get the same attention.
Blair Hopeful of Iran, N. Korean Compliance  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  on Wednesday the international community was closer than ever  to making North Korea and Iran accept its demands to halt  nuclear programs.
Northwest wins Washington airport slots Flying to Washington will become easier for Iowa travelers in March when Northwest Airlines begins daily flights. Airline officials said Monday they won a federal lottery that gave them 
Italy celebrates hostages' return Two Italian aid workers freed after being held hostage in Iraq receive a rapturous welcome in Rome.
Dalai Lama Aides Make Secretive Visit to China  BEIJING (Reuters) - Envoys of Tibet's spiritual leader, the  Dalai Lama, have been allowed to pay a secretive visit to China  that analysts say could lead to progress in resolving his  decades-old exile.
Record hurricane losses predicted Insurers could face their biggest-ever hurricane damages bill following a spate of storms in the Caribbean, an industry body says.
Gangs on Prowl in Storm-Wracked Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - Victims who lost relatives, homes and belongings in Tropical Storm Jeanne are now tormented by street gangs who attack food convoys, raid homes at night and shoot those who get in their way.    The failure of Haiti's U.S.-backed government to disarm the gangs that helped oust President Jean-Bertrand Aristide has created a climate of instability that further jeopardizes lives after the calamity Jeanne visited on Gonaives 10 days ago...
Cendant nears deal to acquire Orbitz The Cendant Corp., which owns Avis car rental and the Days Inn hotel chain, is close to a deal to buy Orbitz, the online travel service controlled by an alliance of airlines, for about 
Experts see record year for US insured losses The four hurricanes that hit Florida this season combined to beat the record set by Hurricane Andrew for insured losses in what may be the nation #39;s costliest hurricane season ever, officials said Tuesday.
Allen-Rutan partner aims high POWAY, Calif. -- The man whose firm built the engine expected to power SpaceShipOne into suborbital space today plans to build his own craft and compete with his more celebrated partners, Paul Allen and Burt Rutan, for the extraterrestrial turf.
Hackers target Microsoft #39;s JPEG flaw In a sign of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a flaw in Microsoft programs and begun circulating a virus hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
Cisco, VoIP Star? Today, there was another good omen that Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) is fast gaining traction amongst large companies. Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) said it will switch to Internet telephones, using Cisco #39;s (Nasdaq: CSCO) equipment.
FOOTBALL: UNITED #39;S ROO MESSIAH THEY CAME to pay homage to the new hero of Old Trafford last night, to take their first glimpse at the glorious future. And the boy-man delivered as Wayne Rooney showed exactly why Sir Alex Ferguson was willing 
Monster Park elicits shiver Losing 34-0 Sunday to the Seattle Seahawks, which included the end of the longest shutout-free streak in the NFL, apparently was not enough humiliation for the San Francisco 49ers.
Hernndez #39;s Shoulder Worries Yanks he Yankees #39; game against the Minnesota Twins was rained out last night, but Orlando Hernndez, the Yankees #39; scheduled starter, would not have pitched anyway.
UK must build skills to avoid losing jobs to India: Blair Brighton (England), September 29: Prime Minister Tony Blair said on Tuesday Britain must build a new skills base to avoid losing jobs to developing economies like China and India.
Argentina teenage shooter slays 4 classmates A 15-year-old Argentine student opened fire at his classmates on Tuesday in a middle school in the south of the Buenos Aires province, leaving at least four dead and five others wounded, police said.
Rebel strike grips Nepal for second day, government considers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KATHMANDU : A strike called by Maoist rebels shut down much of Nepal for the second day as the government considered calling a ceasefire to jumpstart talks to end the bloody conflict.
Sabres' Roy Happy to Be Back on Ice (AP) AP - As much as Derek Roy would rather be wearing a Buffalo Sabres uniform, the forward was happy to be back on the ice  #151; even if it's in the minors.
Tennessee Offense Gets Push Behind Line (AP) AP - Phillip Fulmer kept his cool when starting center Jason Respert drove off in the coach's golf cart at practice.
Nikkei Falls for Ninth Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei edged down 0.27 percent to  close lower for the ninth day in a row on Wednesday, its  longest losing streak in two years, as worries over the impact  of high oil prices on earnings weighed on exporters.
Quake Hits California 11 Years Late More than 11 years after scientists predicted it would occur, a strong earthquake rocked the central California town of Parkfield on Tuesday morning.
Deep-rooted debate stirs up Christmas tree growers ATLANTA - Shirley Mansour looks dubious as she examines the plastic needles on the 9-foot Sedona pine.  quot;I #39;m not sure I really want to do this, quot; she says, circling the \$337.50 artificial tree at the Seasonal Concepts store in Roswell, Ga.
New Hughes Research Center to Shift Focus The medical institute built from Howard Hughes's fortune is spending \$500 million to build a research center in Virginia that will seek to encourage top scientists to do hands-on creative work.
Fannie Mae might have to restate earnings WASHINGTON - A day after Fannie Mae agreed to regulators #39; demands to boost its capital cushion against risk and revamp its accounting, officials said Tuesday that the possibility of the beleaguered mortgage giant having to restate its earnings had been 
The final frontier Private space travel is one of those great unfulfilled promises of the modern age -- like flying cars and video-telephones -- that futurists have promised for decades.
Intel #39;s Andy Grove to retire next year BUSINESS WEEK runs a column called the Great Innovators and the last issue profiled Andy Grove, Robert Noyce and Gordon Moore, each playing a big part in turning Intel into the engine it is today.
Buzzards overhead MONTREAL -- The buzzards, now bored, are once again circling Olympic Stadium, waiting for the hammer, not cement, to fall on the unloved Expos.
Angels climb into tie for first Vladimir Guerrero says he #39;s not trying to win a MVP award, that he #39;s merely trying to drive the Angels to the postseason. But it #39;s uncanny how in striving for one goal, sometimes another appears on the horizon.
Bosox won #39;t give in ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. - The Red Sox crept closer to the Yankees in the AL East last night, beating the Devil Rays, 10-8, on Kevin Millar #39;s two-out, two-run homer in the 11th inning.
AL notebook: Sore shoulder sidelines NY #39;s Hernandez A week before the playoffs begin, the New York Yankees are worried about the health of another starting pitcher. This time, it #39;s Orlando Hernandez.
Laimbeer #39;s team knows all about physical play Bill Laimbeer has NBA coaching aspirations. For now, though, he is content to try to help change the way WNBA basketball is played.
LABOUR AT BRIGHTON: SORRY I JUST CAN #39;T SAY SORRY FOR IRAQ TONY Blair refused to say sorry for the Iraq war yesterday, after a last-minute change of mind over a conference apology. In his Brighton address, the Prime Minister 
Italian women freed Iraq #39;s hostage crisis took an encouraging turn yesterday with the safe release of seven hostages, including two female Italian aid workers who were abducted three weeks ago.
Saudis to boost output as oil prices hit new highs Oil prices hit near record levels amid a number of supply concerns, but failed to go over 50 dollars a barrel after getting some relief as Saudi Arabia promised to increase production.
Stocks rebound as investors shed fears NEW YORK - Stocks rebounded Tuesday, with the Dow Jones industrial average rising solidly above 10,000 as investors, less anxious about volatile energy prices, focused instead on good corporate news.
Delta CEO, many workers get pay cut Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s CEO said Tuesday he declined his six-figure salary for the rest of the year as he detailed a 10-percent pay cut that will affect senior officials, administrative staff and ticket and gate agents.
Motorola to cut 1,000 more positions Motorola Inc., the world #39;s second-largest maker of mobile phones, will cut 1,000 jobs as the company prepares to spin off its computer-chip business, costing \$50 million in severance payments.
FTSE 100 opens higher The FTSE 100 has opened higher, with financial stocks in demand after a well-received trading statement from hedge fund firm Man Group.
AMERICAN LEAGUE: Angels tie A #39;s; Ichiro: 254 ARLINGTON, Texas -- Vladimir Guerrero hit two home runs, drove in five runs and went 4-for-5 on Tuesday night, and the Anaheim Angels beat the Texas Rangers, 8-2, to tie Oakland atop the American League West.
WINSLOW RULED OUT FOR SEASON Kellen Winslow Jr #39;s rookie season is over after the Cleveland Browns placed the tight end on injured reserve. Winslow was originally expected to miss eight to 10 weeks with a broken right leg suffered on September 19 against Dallas.
BCCI elections delayed It was a high drama at the Indian cricket board #39;s annual general meeting (AGM) here this morning as the elections to the crucial post of the president was delayed following a stay order passed by the Madras High Court.
Knock, knock: Ichrio nearing hit record after win OAKLAND, Calif. - All that stands today between Ichiro and an unobstructed look at George Sisler is an unidentified Tim Hudson body part.
Broadband hits new high in the UK More than five million people in the UK now have high-speed net connections, say broadband analysts.
Magna Will Close Decoma #39;s Coating Factory in Ontario (Update1) Magna International Inc., Canada #39;s largest auto-parts supplier, will close an Ontario factory that makes polished aluminum and eliminate jobs.
KarstadtQuelle employees meet to discuss restructuring plans (AFP) AFP - Employees of KarstadtQuelle, the ailing German department store chain, were scheduled to hold meetings at sites all across the country to discuss management's massive restructuring plans that could affect up to one job in every five within the group.
Lukoil sell-off gets under way Bidding begins in an auction for a 7.6 government-held stake in Russian oil giant Lukoil.
Resurgent sedan muscling past SUV Almost since the invention of the automobile, the large, elegant sedan dominated the nation's highways, symbolic of America's success and power. But the oil crises of the 1970s put a serious crimp in that gas-guzzling style, and Americans went through the '80s driving smaller, high-mileage cars, often compact and subcompact imports.
Pact to speed Navy Yard plans The Boston Redevelopment Authority and a New York developer yesterday reached an agreement that should speed construction of housing and a marina at the Charlestown Navy Yard.
Getting back in the game America has regained bragging rights to the world's most powerful supercomputer, after a two-and-a-half-year hiatus.
Delta chief orders 10 pay cuts Delta Air Lines' chief executive yesterday said he is declining his six-figure salary for the rest of the year as the airline cuts by 10 percent the pay of executives, ticket and gate agents, and other nonunion workers.
Half of Mass. hospitals lost money Fifty-three percent of Massachusetts hospitals lost money on operations during the first six months of fiscal 2004, according to a Massachusetts Hospital Association survey. The lobbying group, which surveys its members' financial health yearly, found that, on average, hospitals posted slight losses on operations, but more than made that up on investments and from philanthropy. Operating margins improved slightly from ...
When it comes to windows, todays developers are open-minded After decades of constructing hermetically sealed buildings, developers are incorporating a new amenity into their designs: windows that open.
Patent fight may slow radio tags As a standards-setting body readies a protocol for radio frequency identification, known as RFID, a bid for royalties from a holder of critical patents has threatened to disrupt the smooth rollout of a technology that could spawn one of the decade's biggest industries.
Recording in theaters felony under House bill Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed yesterday by the House.
BRA plan pushes condos in Fenway Seeking to encourage condo development in a neighborhood of mostly renters and institutions such as Northeastern University and the Museum of Fine Arts, the Boston Redevelopment Authority is set to vote tomorrow on new zoning rules for most of the Fenway.
American Airlines to recall 600 flight attendants American Airlines is recalling about 600 flight attendants on furlough, effective Nov. 17, in part due to a projected increase in international flights in December.
FDA warns on drugs from Canada The US government said yesterday that intercepted drugs purportedly sent from Canada, made and shipped elsewhere, had been subject to Canadian recall and had cheaper generic counterparts in the United States.
New \$50 bill is colorized; the \$10 is next WASHINGTON -- A new \$50 bill with touches of red, blue and yellow will show up soon in banks, cash registers and wallets. A new \$10 also is in the works, the third greenback to get colorized in an effort to thwart counterfeiting.
Black loosens grip on Hollinger FALLEN Press baron Lord Black has indicated he is willing to loosen control of Toronto-based Hollinger Inc amid allegations in an Ontario court filing by Canadian fund manager Catalyst.
Cleveland vs. Kansas City KANSAS CITY 1ST: D DeJesus flied out to left. A Berroa doubled to left. A Berroa to third on wild pitch by C Lee, A Berroa scored on throwing error by catcher V Martinez.
Blair admits he erred in days before Iraq war Brighton, England -- Prime Minister Tony Blair faced his critics at his Labor Party #39;s annual conference Tuesday and said he had erred in accepting faulty intelligence that Saddam Hussein #39;s regime possessed chemical and biological weapons.
Tech.gov: Don't Call Me, I'll Call You A cell phone directory is in the works, along with legislation to keep it private. Is this a good thing?
Fannie Mae #39;s woes may cost home buyers US home buyers may see a slight rise in mortgage rates if housing finance company Fannie Mae, which is mired in an accounting scandal, slows purchases of bonds backed 
Rail and air sink ferries as 1,200 jobs are cut The popularity of cut-price airlines and the Eurostar rail service to the continent is threatening to sink the ferry industry, where 1,200 job losses were announced yesterday.
Getting back in the game America has regained bragging rights to the world #39;s most powerful supercomputer, after a two-and-a-half-year hiatus. IBM Corp.
Dissidents tell Disney to  #39;walk the walk #39; or else Dissident former directors Roy Disney and Stanley Gold on Tuesday called a temporary cease-fire in their war with CEO Michael Eisner and the Walt Disney Co.
China announces huge investments in Canada The Chinese firm, Minmetals, owned by the Chinese government, has taken over the biggest mining company in Canada, Noranda Mining.
Don #39;t Call Me, I #39;ll Call You Not too long ago, I was trying to meet up with friends at an outdoor concert in the park. We had chosen a really good, well-marked meeting place--which dozens of other people and their closest friends were 
Toutatis to whiz past Earth A mountain-sized asteroid will make its closest approach to Earth at 9:35 am EDT (7.05 pm IST) tomorrow, reports NASA. Although asteroid 4179 Toutatis will come no closer than four times the distance between 
Munich expected to make move to Linux official Despite concerns about software patents in Europe, Germany #39;s Munich city government make their move to Linux official according to Reuters.
Nigerian Oil Delta Rebel in 11th Hour Peace Talks  LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigerian rebel leader Mujahid  Dokubo-Asari said he arrived in the capital Abuja on Wednesday  for talks with President Olusegun Obasanjo after his group  threatened a new offensive against troops in the oil-producing  Niger delta and threatened to target oil workers.
Angels tie A #39;s in West Ichiro Suzuki had two hits to move within three of tying the single-season record, and the Seattle Mariners pounded Tim Hudson in a 7-2 victory over the host Oakland Athletics last night.
Belief is the key, insists Wenger Arsene Wenger accepts that his side #39;s dominance in the Premiership creates expectations in Europe, where they have never gone beyond the semi-finals.
Baseball fever: Catch it at your own risk This week #39;s reminder comes courtesy of a lawsuit filed in San Francisco County Superior Court over ownership of another Barry Bonds home run ball.
US downplays N. Korea announcement The Bush administration responded calmly yesterday to North Korean statements it has turned the plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into nuclear weapons.
Nigerian Oil Delta Rebel in 11th Hour Peace Talks Nigerian rebel leader Mujahid Dokubo-Asari said he arrived in the capital Abuja on Wednesday for talks with President Olusegun Obasanjo after his group threatened a new offensive against troops in the oil-producing Niger delta and 
Kidnapped CNN producer freed Palestinian militants yesterday released an Israeli Arab who works as a producer for CNN a day after abducting him at gunpoint in the 
Iraqi resistance could be broader than US claims During the past 30 days, more than 2,300 attacks have been directed against civilians and military targets in Iraq, in a pattern that sprawls over nearly every major population 
Blair Doubts Iraq Will Cost Him Next Election  BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Tony Blair said on Wednesday  he believed Iraq would not be the decisive issue when Britons  come to vote at next year's expected election.
About 45 N.Koreans Enter Canada Embassy in China -Media  BEIJING (Reuters) - About 45 suspected North Koreans  climbed over a wall into the Canadian embassy in Beijing on  Wednesday, the latest in a rash of diplomatic mission break-ins  by people seeking asylum outside the isolated Communist  country.
Yen Reverses Off Lows, Keeps Eye on Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen pulled back above a 6-week low  on the dollar and a 4-month trough on the euro on Wednesday, as  oil prices backed off record highs, while the euro maintained  its grip on recent gains against the dollar.
Bardot fans snap up memorabilia More than 200 Brigitte Bardot fans descend on a memorabilia sale on the star's 70th birthday.
Kidnappers in Iraq release 7 hostages BAGHDAD -- Kidnappers in Iraq freed seven hostages yesterday, releasing two female Italian aid workers who were abducted from their home three weeks ago, two of the women's Iraqi colleagues and three Egyptian employees of a local cell phone company.
Many at odds with Bush foreign policy WASHINGTON -- A new survey indicates that a majority of the American public is at odds with many of President's Bush's foreign policy priorities, with overwhelming majorities favoring treaties that the Bush administration opted out of and more than half saying that the United States has the right to go to war without United Nations approval only if there is ...
Kidnapped CNN producer freed MAGHAR, Israel -- Palestinian militants yesterday released an Israeli Arab who works as a producer for CNN a day after abducting him at gunpoint in the Gaza Strip in an unusual ordeal that underscored the spiraling lawlessness in the Palestinian territories and the precarious position of the Druze sect in Israel.
CDs 'will dominate music market' The CD will stay the most popular music format until at least the end of the decade, according to a new survey.
US downplays N. Korea announcement UNITED NATIONS -- The Bush administration responded calmly yesterday to North Korean statements it has turned the plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into nuclear weapons.
Update 1: China Vows to Keep Economy on Track China #39;s leaders pledged at a key policy meeting to keep the economy on track next year while raising farm incomes, promoting energy conservation and holding down investment in overheated industries, state media said Monday.
Hancock, homers hurt Chicago The Reds dealt Chicago #39;s playoff hopes a blow Tuesday night by using the Cubs #39; formula for winning: good starting pitching and home runs.
Bomb-alert plane resumes US flight A bomb-alert Olympic Airways plane was back in the air and completing its journey to New York after being diverted to Ireland amid a bomb scare.
7 Bounty descendants to be tried in attacks PITCAIRN ISLAND Half the men on remote Pitcairn Island, which is populated by descendants of the Bounty mutineers, go on trial Wednesday over a string of alleged sex attacks dating back up to 40 years.
AmerisourceBergen to Boost Flu Vaccine AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it has signed a 10-year agreement with ID Biomedical Corp.
UPDATE 1-Circuit City posts weak sales; shares fall Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US electronics chain, on Monday reported a surprise 4.3 percent drop in quarterly sales at stores open at least 
Radio Head: Station Merger Plans Unveiled Capital Radio and GWR Group have agreed to merge in a deal that will create the dominant company in the UK radio sector. Capital Radio CEO David Mansfield and GWR executive chairman Ralph Bernard will stay in their respective roles in the merged company.
California is First to Enact Cell Phone Number Privacy Law Californians will have the right to decide for themselves whether their cell phone number is listed in a planned wireless 411 directory under a new bill signed into law last Friday (Sept.
Left to ponder the loss amid the condos MONTREAL - Where the Field of Dreams was supposed to be built in Montreal, there now stand dreary, functional modern condominiums.
Pitcairn sex trials delayed The trials of seven Pitcairn Island men charged with almost 100 child sex abuse crimes have been delayed till tomorrow. Prosecution police and some court officials had arrived on the island only 
World ; Three die as Maoists enforce 48 hr shutdown World News, Kathmandu, Three people were killed, over a dozen vehicles torched and a global march to empower people at the grassroots was disrupted as Maoist insurgents Tuesday enforced a 48-hour shutdown in six regions of Nepal.
Eight captives freed in Iraq Two Italian humanitarian workers who were kidnapped three weeks ago from their office in Baghdad were released Tuesday night, along with two Iraqi colleagues who had been 
Palestinian PM Calls For CNN Producer #39;s Release GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia Tuesday said authorities were working hard for the release of a CNN producer and urged the kidnappers to free him.
Likely retail  #39;third force #39; to chew over THERE #39;S a sense of deja vu about the Metcash takeover offer for Western Australia-based Foodland Associated, because if Andrew Reitzer and his management team can pull it off it may finally create a competitive national  quot;third force quot; in retailing to take 
Barrel of oil hits \$50 Crude oil surpassed \$50 a barrel for the first time and analysts said Tuesday that prices could keep rising because of a sharp rise in global demand, tight supplies and threats to output in petroleum-producing nations such as Iraq and Nigeria.
New supercomputer called BlueGene breaks speed record, IBM says IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer. For three years running, the fastest supercomputer has been NEC #39;s Earth Simulator in Japan.
Nextel Communications Purchases 5.6 Million Nextel Partners Shares KIRKLAND, Wash. --(Business Wire)-- Sept. 27, 2004 -- Nextel Communications, Inc. today announced that it has entered into an agreement with Motorola, Inc.
Via gives a PCI Express boost to AMD-based computers Via Technologies Friday announced the introduction of its K8T890 PCI Express chipset for Advanced Micro Devices #39; (AMD) 64-bit processors.
Tiger in 2000: A benchmark of more than majors Vijay Singh has one month to put the final touches on what already is a masterpiece. He won for the eighth time this year at the 84 Lumber Classic, setting the single-season earnings record with more than \$9.
Bonds #39; 700th homer ball brings lawsuit from fan SAN FRANCISCO -- A court hearing is scheduled for today in a dispute over who is the rightful owner of the ball Barry Bonds hit for his 700th home run.
Helpful hits lift Indians He #39;s done just fine when the Indians have scored a lot of runs. The five-game winning streak from July 20 through Aug. 14, when the Tribe scored 60 runs, and that 22-0 victory over the Yankees on Aug. 31 come to mind.
PCI Express will please serious power junkies Computer shoppers who want and can afford the fastest machines face a dilemma as they decide just how to spend all that cash. Desktop PCs using the new PCI Express design - a faster way 
Tech.gov: Don't Call Me, I'll Call You (PC World) PC World - A cell phone directory is in the works, along with legislation to keep it private. Is this a good thing?
Italy release raises British hopes The brother of a British engineer kidnapped in Iraq said he was encouraged by the release of two Italian aid workers held hostage in the country for three weeks, while Prime Minister Tony Blair said the British government was 
Oil Prices Ease From 21-Year High But Remain Volatile New York, Sept. 29 (NNN): Hitting fresh 21-year highs of more than \$50 a barrel a day earlier, oil prices eased slightly on Tuesday but remained quite volatile as increased fighting in Nigeria forced several 
Motorla to cut jobs worldwide Chicago - Motorola will cut 1 000 jobs and take a charge of \$50 million (R320.5 million) for severance benefits as it moves to complete a spinoff of its money-losing semiconductor unit, the company said.
Nextel buys shares from Motorola SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Nextel Communications said Monday that it has purchased shares of its own stock and Nextel Partners from Motorola.
S3 readying GammaChrome graphics chips DIGITIMES SAID that S3 design wins mean that cards using its  quot;GammaChrome quot; 3D graphics accelerator will start to be sold during the fourth quarter.
Wonderkid Wayne walking on water MANCHESTER - Sir Alex Ferguson admits he has never seen a player make as impressive a debut as Wayne Rooney did on his hat-trick night for Manchester United in the Champions League on Tuesday.
At least Brown #39;s spirits seem good Joe Torre had enough to deal with yesterday, what with a rainout and Orlando Hernandez #39;s tired shoulder forcing him to shuffle his starting rotation.
Update 23: Crude Prices Stay Above \$50 Per Barrel Oil lingered above the \$50 per barrel threshold in Asian trade Wednesday, breaching the mark for the second straight day ahead of key US crude stockpile data.
Amazon, Microsoft file lawsuits against spammers Seattle, September 29: Microsoft Corp and Amazon.com Inc jointly filed lawsuits against e-mail spammers and scams to get unsuspecting users to divulge credit card and account information, the two companies said on Tuesday.
P amp;O Cuts Some English Channel Ferry Routes Shipping giant P amp;O said Tuesday it was scrapping four of its 13 routes across the English Channel, with the loss of about 1,200 jobs.
Hoenig: Outlook  #39;generally sound #39; ALBUQUERQUE, NM (CBS.MW) -- The US economy is  quot;generally sound quot; and should not be derailed by higher oil prices, Thomas Hoenig, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, said Tuesday.
Stocks open higher on overnight gains in US shares TOKYO - Stocks opened higher Wednesday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as overnight gains in US shares prompted buybacks of recently battered Tokyo stocks.
Beware! Deadly asteroid set to hit earth MUMBAI: The earth will have a close shave with one of the largest known potentially hazardous asteroids called  #39;Toutatis #39; on Wednesday, Nehru Planetarium senior scientist Bharat Adur said.
DNA Analysis Could Combat Ivory Poaching To determine the origin of elephant ivory tusks, a team of researchers led by Samuel Wasser of the University of Washington in Seattle collected samples in the most important areas inhabited by African elephant herds.
Four more hits! Four more hits! The lighter side of Ichiro Suzuki emerged Tuesday night after he moved into a tie for second place on the Major League all-time single-season hit list.
Millar #39;s homer in 11th lifts Sox ST. PETERSBURG  The Red Sox crept closer to the Yankees in the AL East on Tuesday night, beating the Devil Rays 10-8 on Kevin Millar #39;s two-out, two-run homer in the 11th.
Diverted Greek plane leaves Ireland for New York after bomb alert DUBLIN : An Olympic Airlines plane diverted to Ireland following a bomb alert, the second faced by the Greek carrier in four days, resumed its journey to New York after no device was found on board, airport officials said.
Seoul dismisses North #39;s nuke claims as propaganda SEOUL (AFP) - South Korean officials on Tuesday dismissed as propaganda a top North Korean official #39;s claims that Pyongyang had made nuclear weapons from spent plutonium fuel rods, news reports said.
Shares Dip, Debt Up Amid Security Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares dipped and government  bond prices rose on Monday following an attack on a U.S.  consulate in Saudi Arabia and as Friday's weak U.S. jobs data  continued to chip away at economic confidence.
Stocks Open Lower  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Monday as  oil prices rose above \$43 a barrel and the dollar held near  record lows.
Particle lab celebrates 50 years The European research facility which invented the web and helped shape our view of matter is exactly 50 years old. 
Ransom Concern Clouds Return of Italian Hostages (Reuters) Reuters - National joy in Italy at the safe return\of two aid workers held hostage in Iraq gave way in some\quarters on Wednesday to concern that Rome had paid a ransom\for the women's freedom.
Suspected Taliban Kill Five Afghan Troops (Reuters) Reuters - Suspected Taliban\guerrillas killed five Afghan troops in an ambush on a district\headquarters in a troubled southern province, officials said on\Wednesday, 11 days before a landmark election.
Russian Government to Discuss Ratifying Kyoto (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government will discuss\ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, the government\press service said on Wednesday, in a sign Russia is finally\making up its mind to back the climate change pact.
Bush lead in polls raises Kerry's debate stakes (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry trailed behind US President George W. Bush in the latest polls, raising the stakes for their first debate two days before that face-to-face confrontation.
US-Led Forces Focus on South, East for Afghan Election  KABUL (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces in Afghanistan are  stepping up efforts to improve security before next month's  election, focusing on the south and southeast where militants  have been most active, a military spokesman said on Wednesday.
Britain's Blair Looks to Poll After Iraq Apology  BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Iraq will not be the decisive  factor for Britons in the next election, Tony Blair said on  Wednesday, as his party pondered the prime minister's  conditional apology over the war.
Israel Kills 3 Palestinians in Major Gaza Raid  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed three  Palestinians on Wednesday after storming into north Gaza for  the third time in as many months to quell Palestinian rocket  fire into Israel.
Mauritania thwarts 'coup plot' Mauritanian security forces foil a coup attempt, the third in 15 months, says the interior minister.
N Koreans storm Beijing mission A group of 40 people, thought to be North Koreans, force their way into the Canadian embassy in Beijing.
US bill aims to jail film pirates Using video cameras to record cinema films would become a state-wide crime under a proposed US law.
Growing Pessimism on Situation in Iraq While President Bush and others have delivered optimistic public appraisals, officials who fight the Iraqi insurgency and study it believe the rebellion is deeper and more widespread than is being publicly acknowledged, officials say.
Lindh Asks Bush to Reduce Sentence  Attorneys for John Walker Lindh, the suburban Californian convicted of fighting for the Taliban in Afghanistan, asked President Bush yesterday to commute Lindh's 20-year prison sentence.
Freescale To Launch Smaller, Faster G4 Processor Tony Smith of The Register (UK) has published a look at Freescale #39;s upcoming smaller, faster G4 processor. Freescale is the name of Motorola #39;s spun-off 
Fined and suspended A price tag has been attached to Brad Halsey #39;s brushback pitch to Boston #39;s Dave Roberts and subsequent ejection in the bottom of the eighth inning of the Yankees #39; 11-4 loss at Fenway on Sunday.
Will sinking Lowe resurface in playoffs? We're back, it appears, to this: Derek Lowe is a guy you'd think twice about allowing to park your car, never mind start a playoff game.
Giants get share of wild card Edgardo Alfonzo's two-run double capped a six-run rally in the fourth inning, and the San Francisco Giants tied the Chicago Cubs for the wild-card lead by beating the Padres, 7-5, last night at San Diego.
NL notables Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley was ejected in the eighth inning after he slammed a plastic bottle down in the front row of seats in the right-field corner. A fan apparently threw the bottle onto the field one play after Bradley dropped a liner with the bases loaded.
AL notables Vladimir Guerrero has 121 RBIs and 120 runs to join Don Baylor as the only Angels player to reach those totals in each category in the same season. Baylor achieved the feat in 1979.
Sales is hoping to close the deal Connecticut Sun shooting guard Nykesha Sales was the team's leading scorer this season, averaging 15.2 points. She scored in double figures 26 times, and in her six years in the WNBA, has scored almost 2,800 points.
Mitchell downplays Carter's request Vince Carter wants out of Toronto, but new Raptors coach Sam Mitchell doesn't think it will be an issue when training camp opens next week.  quot;I don't even think it's going to become a distraction, quot; Mitchell said. Carter has asked for a trade, but Mitchell hopes the All-Star guard will change his mind when he reports.  quot;Vince has had some ...
Top-heavy matchups Seven Atlantic 10 teams are ranked in the latest Sports Network Division 1-AA poll, and four of them go head to head this weekend: No. 8 Maine plays at No. 4 Delaware and No. 12 New Hampshire is at No. 10 Villanova. In addition, No. 16 Northeastern plays at conference rival William  amp; Mary, the highest vote-getter outside the rankings.
Today's schedule Pro basketball: WNBA playoffs: Sun vs. Washington (Game 3) at Mohegan Sun Arena, Uncasville, Conn., 8 p.m.
South Korea has a sole golden goal Whatever decision the Court of Arbitration for Sport makes in the Paul Hamm case, it won't involve a duplicate gold medal for rival Yang Tae Young. The South Koreans, who claim Yang would have won the Olympic gymnastics all-around had it not been for a scoring error, want their man declared the sole champion.
Banknorth chief offers defense of sale plan As criticism mounted yesterday over Banknorth Group's pending deal with a Canadian bank, chief executive William J. Ryan defended his decision to sell a majority stake in New England's largest independent bank, saying it is in the shareholders' best interest.
Oil Holds Near \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held close to \$50 a barrel on  Wednesday ahead of U.S. inventory data that is expected to show  tighter supplies in the world's biggest oil consumer as a  result of Hurricane Ivan.
Radio Companies to Merge Classic FM owner GWR and Capital Radio are to merge in a deal creating a company with a 36 share of the UK commercial radio audience.
EC wrong on Worldcom / Sprint deal Competition Commissioner Mario Monti suffered an embarrassing defeat in a Luxembourg court this week - it ruled that his decision on the Sprint-Worldcom merger was illegal.
Field #39;s new owners put leadership team in place Marshall Field #39;s department stores will soon have both a new president and a chairman to replace the former leader who reaped a big profit from selling her stock.
Whitehall to pay \$15.1 mil. to settle federal probe Chicago-based Whitehall Jewellers, the third-largest US jewelry retailer, will pay \$15.1 million to resolve a federal investigation into accounting fraud at one of the company #39;s jewelry suppliers.
Britain #39;s GWR, Capital Radio to Merge Broadcasters GWR Group PLC and Capital Radio PLC announced Wednesday that they are to merge, taking control of more than a third of Britain #39;s commercial radio market.
BEA veterans launch new approach to open source services The former head of Microsoft Corp #39;s Windows business has given his financial backing to SourceLabs Inc, a new open source support and services firm set up by former executives at BEA Systems Inc.
Bank of America to deploy 180,000 IP phones Bank of America this week announced plans for a corporate-wide IP telephony rollout that will eventually put an IP phone on every BoA employee #39;s desktop -- about 180,000 phones total.
Intel intros new Pentium 4 for desktop replacements A new version of the Pentium 4 aimed at the  #39;desktop replacement #39; market has been introduced by Intel. The snappily named Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor 548 supporting HT Technology runs at 3.33GHz and is 
Warning over Internet Sales of Fake Viagra Half of the Viagra tablets bought on the internet could be fakes, research suggested today. Researchers analysed samples of the impotence drug bought online using 
Freescale shows off dual core Power PC chip THE FIRM spun out of Motorola to sell semiconductors said it has started showing off a dual core processor based on the E600 architecture.
Is There Life After BEA? Can a new Seattle-based open source start-up become  quot;the Dell of the software industry quot;? That #39;s the question being asked by analysts commenting on the sudden publicity being given this week to SourceLabs, a 
Spam: From nuisance to corporate killer KUALA LUMPUR: Corporations which think that spam is merely an irritation must change their mindset to consider it a real security threat instead, said e-mail security provider Ironport Systems Inc.
Freescale Discloses High-Performance Dual Core Processor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. (NYSE:FSL) today is providing architectural details of its most powerful processor to date: the MPC8641D Dual Core processor.
Gibbs adjusting to new NFL To loyal fans of the Washington Redskins, Monday night #39;s event in FedEx Field was a flashback to the good old days. There was Joe Gibbs, back in his Redskins coaching garb, matching wits on the sideline once 
Novak Sweeps Through in Shanghai Second-seeded Jiri Novak swept past Taiwan #39;s Lu Yen-Hsun 6-2, 6-2, to reach the second round of the Shanghai Open on Wednesday.
Aborted Six-Nation Talks After all, the fourth round of six-nation talks to discuss North Korean nuclear programs misses its initial deadline of Thursday Sept.
Australian Labor to Raise Pensions, Fund Grandparents (Update3) Australia #39;s main opposition Labor Party leader Mark Latham targeted aged voters in his official election campaign launch today, promising to provide free hospital care for people over 
Three Palestinians killed in Gaza Armed Hamas activist, two teenagers killed during Israeli army raid into north of Gaza Strip. GAZA CITY - Three Palestinians, including an armed Hamas activist, were killed Wednesday during an Israeli army 
Arrests in embassy bombing: report INDONESIAN counter-terrorism police had re-arrested two men suspected of involvement in this month #39;s deadly bomb attack on the Australian embassy in Jakarta, a report said today.
Stocks Seen Flat as Oil Prices Climb  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks look to open flat  on  Monday, with oil prices moving higher and the dollar holding  near record lows.
Coping with e-trash pileup  NEW YORK -- When Office Depot Inc. stores ran an electronics recycling drive last summer that accepted everything from cellphones to televisions, some stores were overwhelmed by the amount of e-trash they received.
First sign of malicious code exploiting Windows Jpeg security flaw The first malicious codes to exploit security flaws in Microsoft Windows #39; handling of jpeg image files has appeared on internet newsgroups.
Raul heralded for return to form Real Madrid #39;s Raul Gonzalez won plaudits for his inspirational display against AS Roma which secured the team #39;s first victory of its Champions League campaign and ended a barren patch for the star striker.
Mosul car bomb wounds six US soldiers; Freed Italian hostage says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car bombing in the northern city of Mosul wounded six American soldiers, the military said Wednesday, while one of two Italian women 
Muslim Efforts To Release British Hostage Yield Results This week, a delegation of British Muslims returned from a high profile effort to secure the release of a British hostage, civilian Kenneth Bigley, held in Iraq since September 16th.
Jakarta Police Close to Identifying Embassy Bomber (Reuters) Reuters - Indonesian police are close to\identifying the suicide bomber who detonated a minivan packed\with explosives at the Australian embassy in Jakarta this\month, killing 9 people, the police chief said on Wednesday.
Israel Kills 3 Palestinians in Major Gaza Raid  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed three  Palestinians, including two teenagers, on Wednesday after  storming into the northern Gaza Strip for the third time in as  many months to quell Palestinian rocket fire into Israel.
China says Taiwan war-mongering \China accuses Taiwan of "serious provocation" after the island's premier said it should be allowed offensive missiles.
Could up stake to as much as 20 LONDON (CBS.MW) -ConocoPhillips Wednesday said it bought a 7.6 percent stake in Russian oil giant Lukoil for \$2 billion and the two agreed that the US company could raise its stake to as much as 20 percent.
Merciless Bayern hammering kills Ajax hopes: 4-0 The conclusion that had to be drawn after six fixtures last season, can now be drawn after only two: Ajax is not good enough to make an impact in the Champions League.
Typhoon Meari hits south Japan, triggers landslides Typhoon Meari swept through Japan #39;s southern main islands of Kyushu and Shikoku on Wednesday, forcing thousands of people to be evacuated as it unleashed heavy rains and strong winds.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Anaheim at Texas (8:05 p.m. EDT). The Angels try to remain in the playoff picture with a crucial game against the Rangers.
Jiri Novak Cruises at Shanghai Open (AP) AP - Jiri Novak advanced to the second round of the Shanghai Open on Wednesday, eliminating Taiwan's Lu Yen-hsun, 6-2, 6-2.
Mosul Car Bomb Wounds Six U.S. Soldiers BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bombing in the northern city of Mosul wounded six American soldiers, the military said Wednesday, while one of two Italian women released from captivity the day before said their captors had promised they would not be killed.    Simona Torretta and Simona Pari were released with five other hostages Tuesday, encouraging relatives of foreigners still being held...
Israel Pushes Into Gaza Strip, Killing 3 BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip - A large force of Israeli tanks, armored vehicles and troops pushed into northern Gaza in an overnight raid aimed at militants who have fired rockets against nearby Israeli towns. The incursion, which continued Wednesday, killed at least three Palestinians, Palestinians said...
Thousands in Florida Remain in Shelters WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Since Labor Day weekend, Linda Baker and her 4-year-old daughter have been forced to stay at a Palm Beach County shelter, the victims of a one-two punch...
Dawn of the Dead-Flesh Eaters Maggots aren't just for decomposition. Armed with newfound approval from the feds, doctors are using the creepy-crawlies to treat the most stubborn kinds of wounds. Randy Dotinga reports from San Diego.
Google News: Beta Not Make Money Ever wonder why Google News has been in beta for three years? Possibly because it hasn't figured out a way to make money without enraging publishers who spend fortunes to actually gather the news. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Only Star Wars Nuts Need Apply Don't bother buying Star Wars: Battlefront if you're looking for a first-class shooter -- there are far better games out there. But if you're a Star Wars freak and need a fix, this title will suffice. Lore Sjberg reviews Battlefront.
The Future of Radio? He sold the soul of rock 'n' roll and turned FM into a musical wasteland. Now he has 130 satellite channels and says we won't get fooled again. By Richard Martin from Wired magazine.
Dolly Creators Seek Clone License The scientists behind Dolly the sheep apply for a license to clone human embryos. They want to take stem cells from the embryos to study Lou Gehrig's disease.
File Traders Could Do Hard Time The House of Representatives passes a bill that would sic the feds on people using peer-to-peer networks to swap songs or movies. Copyright infringers may face up to three years in prison.
Malicious Code Hides in JPEGs Hackers take advantage of a flaw in various Microsoft programs that leaves PCs vulnerable to remote attacks. Security experts expect the threat to grow.
Conoco Wins LUKOIL Stake Auction (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil major ConocoPhillips won an\auction for a 7.6 percent state stake in Russian oil giant\LUKOIL with a bid of  #36;1.988 billion, the Russian property fund\said on Wednesday.
2 Airlines' New Cuts Target Executives US Airways Group and Delta Air Lines are both looking to their executive ranks in their latest round of cost cuts.
Yen Rises from Lows, Oil Still a Threat  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen rose from a 6-week low against  the dollar and 4-month lows versus the euro on Wednesday as oil  prices backed off record highs, while the euro maintained its  grip on recent gains against the greenback.
Oil prices back above \$50 despite Saudi pledge LONDON, United Kingdom -- Red-hot world oil prices simmered just above 50 dollars on Wednesday after a pledge by Saudi Arabia to lift output brought only fleeting respite to a market gripped by supply fears, analysts said.
Delta flies toward clouds of Chapter 11 Delta Air Lines on Tuesday slashed pay for most workers, and pilots agreed to contract changes that should prevent a wave of pilot retirements from pushing it into bankruptcy protection.
Capital and GWR tie the knot Capital and GWR today announced their 711m merger, creating the country #39;s biggest radio group in a deal that changes the shape of the British radio industry.
Google shares reach \$126.86 As two major investment banks issued optimistic reports on the Mountain View search engine company Tuesday, its stock price jumped \$8.
Ryanair launches routes from Italy Ryanair will fly to seven new destinations from Italy #39;s Orio al Serio airport as of next year and is to increase the number of aircraft based there, Europe #39;s biggest low-cost airline says.
Day dawns for X Prize space shot A pioneering aviation company will attempt to rocket into space on Wednesday in a bid to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize. The prize will go to the first non-governmental vehicle that can ferry three people 
JPEG of Death Turns Erotic After Microsoft announced a flaw (nicknamed the JPEG of Death) in Windows #39; handling of JPEG images, a Trojan horse that exploits this flaw, has been found looming around pornographic sites.
 #39;Don #39;t Let Rooney Mask ManYoo Problems... #39; There was little doubt what the focus of Tuesday night at Old Trafford would be as soon as the Manchester United team had been named: Wayne Rooney.
Singh withdraws from World Golf Championships-American Express &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KILKENNY, Ireland - The much-anticipated duel between the top two players in the world will have to wait another week. Vijay Singh, who took over the No.
Life will never be the same again for Monster Cable Monster Cable Products Inc. is best known for selling premium-priced speaker wires connected to the back of home entertainment systems.
Dodgers win wild one; San Francisco, Chicago and Houston in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Milton Bradley threw a tantrum -- and a bottle -- all before the Los Angeles Dodgers strengthened their hold on the NL West lead with a wild victory.
N Koreans storm Beijing mission About 40 people, thought to be North Koreans, are reported to have stormed the Canadian Embassy in Beijing in an apparent attempt to win asylum.
Indonesian police say Jakarta embassy bomber identified by DNA Indonesian police say DNA tests have successfully identified a suicide bomber involved in a deadly attack this month on the Australian embassy in the capital, Jakarta.
Taliban Attack Afghan Government Office 29 September 2004 -- Afghan police said Taliban militants attacked an Afghan government office early this morning and launched a gun battle that left four attackers and three Afghan troops dead.
Putin promises 2bn dollars to subsidize medicines under Russian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russia is to allocate 2bn dollars to reduce prices of medicines within the framework of the implementation of the monetary benefits programme, Russian President Vladimir Putin said during a meeting with representatives of India #39;s business circles in 
China seeks to strengthen cooperation links with Zimbabwe China has reiterated its support forthe government of Zimbabwe #39;s President Robert Mugabe by dispatching a high level official to attend the national conference of Mugabe #39;s ruling party.
Hungarian Referendums Fails 6 December 2004 -- Preliminary official results show that voters failed to approve a referendum on whether to give ethnic Hungarians living outside the country the right to become Hungarian citizens.
Oil prices ease on hopes of Nigeria breakthrough LONDON : Oil prices fell slightly in opening deals on hopes of an easing of tensions in Nigeria #39;s key oil producing region, traders said.
Conoco Wins \$2 Billion LUKOIL Stake ConocoPhillips said on Wednesday it was seeking 20 percent in Russia #39;s LUKOIL in a far-reaching alliance opening the way for the two oil majors to tap vast reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.
Motorola realigns mission Motorola Inc. Tuesday sliced about 1,000 jobs at its Schaumburg headquarters, Deer Park and elsewhere while posting hundreds of new jobs to strengthen its mission to produce seamless mobility products.
Cendant offers \$1bn for Orbitz Travel company Cendant, the owner of Avis and Budget car hire firms, is in advanced talks to buy travel website Orbitz for \$1bn. Orbitz was started by five US airlines in 2000 and floated on Nasdaq for \$300m in December 2003.
IBM says its superfast supercomputer is No. 1 Technology giant IBM will announce today that it has built the world #39;s most powerful supercomputer, surpassing the performance of a machine in Yokohama, Japan.
PalmSource unveils Cobalt OS PalmSource finally unveiled its new OS, version 1.1 of Palm OS Cobalt, as  quot;the first PalmOS designed specifically to support phones quot;.
AMD 2500 Socket A CPUs Compared SuperPuppy writes  quot;Hardcoreware.net has rounded up three 2500 Socket A processors from AMD. An AthlonXP, based on the Barton core (this particular one predates the locked multipliers we #39;ve been seeing lately 
United boss praises Rooney debut Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has said that Wayne Rooney #39;s first game for the club was as good as any debut he has ever seen.
Error margin remains small for Cowboys They made five sacks and got strong play from a rookie cornerback forced into action when a starter was hurt. Several big pass plays were made, the kickoffs were good, and the punting was solid.
McNair out of hospital, questionable for Sunday Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair was released from the hospital Tuesday morning after a two-night stay with a bruised sternum. McNair was injured late in the Titans #39; 15-12 loss to Jacksonville on Sunday.
Ransom Payments Seen Fueling Iraq's Hostage Crisis (Reuters) Reuters - The release of two Italian aid workers\in Iraq has raised hopes other hostages may soon be freed, but\reports that a large ransom was paid may only feed the\burgeoning hostage crisis.
Bigley looks set to be freed in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The kidnappers of Briton Ken Bigley in Iraq have posted a message suggesting they will free him, his brother said in a television interview.
Forty-four North Koreans storm Canadian embassy in Beijing (AFP) AFP - Forty-four North Korean men, women and children scaled the walls of the Canadian embassy in Beijing in a likely bid for political asylum, an embassy spokesman said.
Ransom Payments Seen Fueling Iraq's Hostage Crisis  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The release of two Italian aid workers  in Iraq has raised hopes other hostages may soon be freed, but  reports that a large ransom was paid may only feed the  burgeoning hostage crisis.
Passenger attacks pilots with axe A man is arrested after attacking two pilots and a passenger with an axe on an internal flight in Norway.
Tourists freed in Peru coca siege Police in Peru storm an ancient Inca temple to free foreign 19 tourists taken hostage by coca growers.
Microsoft and Amazon join forces against scammers Amazon and Microsoft have joined forces to launch a legal crackdown on alleged phishers and spammers. The companies have filed a joint federal lawsuit against a Canadian company, Gold Disk Canada, accusing it of spoofing.
Stocks Cautious Amid High Oil Prices NEW YORK Sept. 29, 2004 - US stocks are seen in a cautious mood at the open as investors take on board a persistently high oil price and reflect on Tuesday #39;s poor consumer confidence reading.
Conoco, Lukoil form alliance US oil major pays nearly \$2B for 7.6 of Russian firm, partnership eyes projects in Russia, Iraq. MOSCOW (Reuters) - US oil major ConocoPhillips and Russia #39;s Lukoil announced Wednesday they would form a strategic 
Q amp;A: Why UK radio groups want to merge The agreed merger between two of the UK #39;s biggest commercial radio groups, Capital Radio and GWR, signals an era of change in the radio industry.
Microsoft blames spammers for Hotmail charges In a move which Microsoft claims will help fight spammers, MSN Hotmail users are facing charges if they want to access the email service via the Outlook email client.
Buying Viagra over the Internet could give you a heart attack! Doctors are warning people not to buy the anti-impotency drug, Viagra, over the internet, because they have found conclusive evidence that it is usually fake and could lead to a number of side effects, including a heart attack.
Aussies ready for Sachin On Wednesday morning Sachin Tendulkar was at the Brabourne stadium, to egg on his Mumbai teammates. Not only did he have a chat with the Mumbai captain and coach and see the practice session through, but also 
Spears, Stosur Advance in Korea Open (AP) AP - American Abigail Spears advanced to the quarterfinals of the Korea Open on Wednesday with a 6-3, 1-6, 6-3 win over second-seeded Shinobu Asagoe of Japan.
Fuel Rods Turned into Weapons, North Claims North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Su-hon, currently attending the UN general assemblys annual ministerial meeting, disclosed on Monday that the North has reprocessed 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into weapons-grade.
Relief for Euro Disney; Challenges Loom (Reuters) Reuters - Euro Disney shares leapt on Wednesday\after the French theme park operator clinched a long-awaited\deal to restructure its debt, but analysts say big challenges\loom for Chairman Andre Lacroix.
Mortgage Applications Rise Last Week -MBA (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\rose last week along with mortgage refinancings as 30-year\mortgage rates eased to their lowest levels in six months, an\industry group said on Wednesday.
Relief for Euro Disney; Challenges Loom  PARIS (Reuters) - Euro Disney shares leapt on Wednesday  after the French theme park operator clinched a long-awaited  deal to restructure its debt, but analysts say big challenges  loom for Chairman Andre Lacroix.
Conoco Wins \$2 Billion LUKOIL Stake  MOSCOW (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips said on Wednesday it was  seeking 20 percent of Russia's LUKOIL in a far-reaching  alliance which opens the way for the oil majors to tap vast  reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.
Stocks Seen Steady Ahead of Oil, GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open little  changed on Wednesday, a day after staging a late rally on heavy  machinery maker Caterpillar Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; raised sales  forecast, but high oil prices will remain on investors' minds  ahead of U.S. crude inventories data.
Disney's Iger Says Pixar Deal Unlikely  LONDON (Reuters) - Disney &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; President Robert Iger  said on Wednesday that a new deal between the media  conglomerate and Pixar Animation Studios &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PIXR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PIXR.O&lt;/A&gt; was  "unlikely" and that it had been approached to buy UK media  assets.
Oil prices ease on Nigerian talks Oil prices fall on news of Nigerian peace talks but analysts expect the price to remain close to the \$50 mark.
Computer Associates to Cut Workforce -WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; will lay off about 5 percent of its work force in an  attempt to cut costs, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Wednesday.
Mortgage lending at 12-month low Mortgage lending slows to its lowest level in a year in August, but credit card spending continues to boom, Bank of England figures show.
Deutsche Post Sees a Big DHL U.S. Loss  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany's Deutsche Post AG said  losses at its U.S. express and logistics business will be 200  million euros (\$246.1 million) greater than expected this year,  sending its shares down over 4 percent.
Strike halts Assam tea production A one-day strike by tea workers in India's north-eastern state of Assam brings work in 800 tea gardens to a halt.
World Bank Urges Poor Countries to Improve Investment Climates The World Bank wants the governments of poor countries to do more to improve their investment climates, action it described as central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
Russia, India get Windows XP Starter Edition Russia has now become the fourth country to join Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Starter Edition Pilot Program. The Windows XP Starter Edition Pilot Program was first announced back in August and included Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
Test of Time In work designed to halt the trade of illegal ivory, Samuel Wasser of the University of Washington and his colleagues have begun collecting elephant DNA from tissue sample and from dung.
Arsenal, Facing Rosenborg in Europe, Loses Gilberto (Update1) Arsenal midfielder Gilberto Silva will miss the team #39;s second Champions League group game against Norwegian champion Rosenborg on Wednesday with a back injury, ruling him out for at least a month.
Monaco strike early against Depor Mohammed Kallon and Javier Saviola scored a goal each as Monaco beat Deportivo La Coruna 2-0 in Group A of the Champions League. Kallon and Saviola scored inside the first 10 minutes, but there was not to 
IRURETA HITS OUT AT REFEREE Deportivo La Coruna coach Javier Irureta was fuming at referee Stefano Farina after his side slipped to a 2-0 defeat in Monaco on Tuesday night.
Blair denies he led Britain to war with false justification Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.
Video Cameras at Movies Would Be Crime (AP) AP - Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed Tuesday by the House.
Web board craigslist makes a name for itself (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Craigslist is a giant Internet bulletin board where people buy and sell their stuff, trade humor and political wisdom, look for dates, seek home repair advice, share their poetry and often just rant. Some call the site a public forum. Others call it a classified market. Many call it an obsession.
Fannie Mae undergoes ex-employee testimony Fannie Mae, the US largest government-ruled mortgage lender, sees the continuation of the investigation on possible accounting violations and possible next weeks testimony of its former employee at a Congressional hearing.
Deutsche Post Sees a Big DHL US Loss Germany #39;s Deutsche Post AG said losses at its US express and logistics business will be 200 million euros (\$246.1 million) greater than expected this year, sending its shares down over 4 percent.
IBM Claims Fastest-Computer Title A US contender appears poised to recapture the supercomputer speed title from the Japanese world champion, Wednesday #39;s Wall Street Journal reported.
UPDATE 1-Euro Disney deal brings relief but challenges loom Euro Disney (EDLP.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) shares leapt on Wednesday after the French theme park operator clinched a long-awaited deal to restructure its 
House of Fraser losses narrow House of Fraser has posted narrower first-half losses on improved gross margins and announced a new partnership deal with Barclaycard to manage its customer account cards.
Whitehall settles federal investigation for \$13 million CHICAGO Whitehall Jewellers Incorporated has agreed to pay 13 (m) million dollars to settle a lawsuit and a federal investigation into fraud charges.
Computer Associates to Cut Jobs by 5 Pct. (Reuters) Reuters - Software maker Computer Associates\ on Wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of\its work force, to pare costs amid stiff competition in\software and services.
IBM supercomputer may be the world's fastest (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - IBM is expected to announce today that it has built a supercomputer that could qualify as the world's fastest machine.
Microsoft unveils Windows XPSE in Hindi The Windows XP Starter Edition (XPSE) is a low-cost, version of Windows XP, meant for emerging markets. NEW DELHI: Microsoft has announced the upcoming release of Windows XP Starter Edition (XPSE), a new version of Windows XP for emerging markets.
Asteroid to Come Closest to Earth Since 12th Century, NASA Says Toutatis, a mountain-sized asteroid, will today come the closest to the Earth since at least the 12th century, giving scientists an opportunity to gather data about it, NASA said on its Web site.
Are Sun and Microsoft forming an unholy alliance? The Internet went all abuzz last week when a report by Todd Bishop of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer posited that Microsoft was keeping open its legal options against licensees of OpenOffice.
MMS to replace texts as mobile money spinner Multimedia messaging service (MMS) is rapidly taking over from short messaging service (SMS), but operators must undertake major infrastructure upgrades to cope with the technology #39;s increased traffic demands or risk alienating customers with poor service 
McNair let out of hospital Titans QB Steve McNair was released from a Nashville hospital after a two-night stay for treatment of a bruised sternum. McNair was injured during the fourth quarter of the Titans #39; 15-12 loss to Jacksonville on Sunday.
No sign of revival for struggling Deportivo Bad luck and bad refereeing were the explanations offered by an out-of-form Deportivo Coruna for Tuesday #39;s 2-0 defeat at Monaco in the Champions League.
Around the AL  RHP Pedro Astacio was suspended for three games and fined an undisclosed amount for intentionally throwing at a batter against the Yankees.
Italian hostages #39; release gives hope to Bigley family The brother of British hostage Kenneth Bigley today said he had been encouraged by the release yesterday of the two Italian aid workers.
Another 1.6 inches of snow dusts valley BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents opened fire on a busload of laborers traveling toward a US military base in Tikrit on Sunday, killing 17 of them and capping a week of violence that left at least 80 Iraqis and 20 US soldiers dead.
Border surveillance plan unveiled The UK government will store electronic records of people entering the UK in effort to tighten border control.
Israel Kills 3 Palestinians in Big Gaza Incursion (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli forces killed three\Palestinians, including two teenagers, on Wednesday after\storming into the northern Gaza Strip for the third time in as\many months to quell Palestinian rocket fire into Israel.
Saudi extra barrels wrong kind of crude LONDON - The worlds oil refiners are unimpressed by Saudi Arabias boost to production capacity that would only swell supplies of sour, high sulphur crude while they hanker for sweet oil.
Computer Associates to Cut Workforce -WSJ Computer Associates International Inc. (CA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will lay off about 5 percent of its work force in an attempt to cut costs, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Bank of America Begins Deployment of Cisco VoIP Phones CHARLOTTE - Bank of America is deploying some 180,000 Cisco Internet Protocol-based telephones across its 5,800 branches and enterprise centers in a major deployment of Voice over IP technology from Cisco.
Asteroid (4179) Toutatis to Pass Closely By Earth on Wednesday &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Toutatis, a potato-shaped asteroid about 4.6 km (3 miles) in its longest extent, will pass within 1,550,000 km (963,000 miles) of the Earth #39;s center on Wednesday, September 29, 2004 - reaching its closest approach at 13:35:28 GMT (06:35:28 PDT).
MLB: Montreal Expos to Relocate to Washington Major League Baseball has decided to relocate the Montreal Expos to Washington, DC The widely expected announcement is to be made later Wednesday, by city officials.
Kallon #39;s fine form continues Mohammed Kallon #39;s fine start to his Monaco career continued on Tuesday when the Sierra Leonean scored his first ever Champions League goal.
Mitsubishi Shareholders Demand Changes (AP) AP - Mitsubishi Motors Corp. shareholders approved a move Wednesday enabling the scandal-plagued Japanese automaker to raise cash through a share offering, but demanded the company clean up its image and improve its product offerings to turn its lagging business around.
Pitchers Astacio, Halsey each suspended three games NEW YORK - Boston Red Sox pitcher Pedro Astacio and New York Yankees pitcher Brad Halsey were each suspended Tuesday for three games and fined an undisclosed amount by Major League Baseball after being ejected from Boston #39;s 11-4 win over the weekend.
Shirking the blame? IT had been a long time coming, but Tony Blair has finally conceded that the evidence about Iraqs weapons of mass destruction was wrong, and he has apologised, to an extent.
Tamil Tiger rebel leaders to travel to Europe Tamil Tiger rebel leaders were set to travel to Europe for talks on Sri Lanka #39;s stalled peace process, as fears that the island nation could slide back into war fester, a senior guerrilla official said.
Hackers Target Microsoft's JPEG Flaw In a harbinger of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in Microsoft Corp. programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
Interceptor System Set, But Doubts Remain What the Bush administration had hoped would be a triumphant achievement is clouded by doubts, even within the Pentagon, about whether a missile defense system that is on its way to costing more than \$100 billion will work.
NATO Awards Missile Work To Lockheed An international group led by Lockheed Martin Corp. received a \$3 billion contract yesterday to develop a program that will eventually replace the Patriot missile system.
Defense Department Tests Blimp Pentagon police said the Defense Department is testing a security blimp -- equipped with surveillance cameras. The white blimp has been spotted this morning over the Pentagon and the Capitol building.
Video Cameras at Movies Would Be Crime Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed Tuesday by the House.
Older People Turn to Internet to Find Love Sensuous, intellectual woman, 5'3, adventurous, pretty and open, seeks a life partner who is sexy, highly intelligent and cheerful. How old is this woman? In her early 60s. That's the profile Mary Bellis Waller, now 64, posted on two Internet dating sites during her search for a companion. Waller was a pioneer of online dating among people her age, and thousands of others age 60 and older are also turning to the Internet to find romance.
Pitcairn Women Back Their Men Ahead of Sex Trial  SYDNEY (Reuters) - A group of women on Pitcairn Island in  the South Pacific are standing by their men, who face underage  sex charges, saying having sex at age 12 is a tradition dating  back to 18th century mutineers who settled on the island.
Intel Tops Government List of Best Commuter Benefits &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Tom Doggett&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Intel, Fannie Mae and Cisco Systems\top the U.S. government's list of FORTUNE 500 companies that\have the best commuting benefits for their employees.&lt;/p&gt;
Retooled Varsity Group Set to Return to Nasdaq Shares of Varsity Group Inc., the online bookseller that rose to prominence during the e-commerce boom only to stumble badly, will return to trading on the Nasdaq National Market this morning.
Corvis Will Change Name To Broadwing Corvis Corp. said yesterday it will change its name to Broadwing Corp., a move that reflects the Columbia company's reinvention from a maker of fiber-optic equipment to a provider of telecom services.
Mountain-sized rock passes Earth The giant Toutatis asteroid passes by the Earth on Wednesday at distance of less than 1.6 million km.
Italy 'paid \$1m to free hostages' A senior Italian politician says ransom of \$1m was paid for the release of two hostages held in Iraq.
Bahrain dissolves rights watchdog Bahraini authorities close a non-governmental human rights watchdog whose director has been detained.
Military talks on Kashmir glacier The Indian and Pakistani military are to discuss troop withdrawals from the Siachen glacier, the world's highest battleground, India says.
The Solar System's Deflector Shield is Up A breeze of interstellar helium atoms is blowing through the solar system. Thankfully, we have our shields up! The solar system's deflector shield is a giant magnetic bubble called "the heliosphere." It's part of the sun's magnetic field.
Blair Denies Going to War Erroneously BRIGHTON, England - Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.    In his speech to the Labour Party's annual conference Tuesday, Blair acknowledged that intelligence that Saddam Hussein had stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons was wrong...
Bush Visiting Florida to Survey Damage CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush is eyeing Florida's 27 electoral votes, but after being battered by four hurricanes in six weeks the state's voters are more interested in weather forecasts than the shifting political winds.    Bush was surveying hurricane damage Wednesday in Lake Wales, Fla., a fast-growing swing area in the center of the states, on his way to Miami and a debate against Democratic presidential rival John Kerry the following night...
Clashes Break Out in Heart of Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces raided suspected insurgent hideouts in the heart of the capital Wednesday, sparking clashes along a main Baghdad thoroughfare...
1,500 Imperial Oil jobs leaving Toronto Imperial Oil Ltd. says it will shift its head office to Calgary from Toronto, with the move to the Alberta oilpatch affecting 1,500 employees and expected to be completed by next August.
Ready For \$10M Space Try (CBS/AP) SpaceShipOne was set to return to space Wednesday, in nearly a carbon copy of its historic flight in June, when it became the first privately-funded manned vehicle to go into space.
Browns' Winslow Needs Second Operation (AP) AP - Browns rookie tight end Kellen Winslow Jr. needs a second operation on his right leg and will miss the remainder of this season.
North Korean Refugees Seek Asylum in Canadian Embassy A total of 45 North Korean refugees tried to seek asylum in the Canadian Embassy in Beijing on Wednesday, with one person arrested by police and 44 others succeeding, paving the way for their deportation to South Korea.
* Norway seriously concerned over factional killings Sept 29, Colombo: The Norwegian government has expressed serious concern over the political killings in Sri Lanka. Norwegian Ambassador in Colombo Hans Brattskar made this statement when he met SP Tamilselvan 
IBM reclaims top supercomputer crown for U.S. For the first time since 2002, Japan's Earth Simulator is not the most powerful supercomputer on the planet.
Computer Associates to Cut Jobs by 5 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Software maker Computer Associates  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of  its work force, to pare costs amid stiff competition in  software and services.
Stocks Seen Flat; GDP, Oil Data in Focus  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open little  changed on Wednesday after staging a late rally in the previous  session, with investors focused on key economic and oil data as  crude drifts near \$50 a barrel.
American Greetings Reverses Year-Ago Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Greeting card maker American Greetings  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit, reversing  a year-earlier loss, as licensing income and lower costs offset  flat sales.
 But subsidy would remain until early next year, says Nduom The Minister of Energy, Dr. Paa Kwesi Nduom, has said government policy on the subsidy of ex-pump prices of petroleum products would remain unchanged 
World Bank Says Improving Climate for Investments Improves Lives &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The World Bank says nearly half the world #39;s population lives on less than \$2 a day. In its annual World Development Report, which draws upon surveys of 30,000 firms in more than 50 developing countries, the 
Euro Disney stock rallies on rough rescue ride with creditors Shares in theme park Euro Disney rallied strongly by 9.38 percent in early trading on Wednesday in relief that a roller-coaster ride to obtain creditor backing for rescue refinancing had ended safely.
House of Fraser Seals Barclaycard Deal Department store group House of Fraser was today poised for a 25 million boost from a partnership with Barclaycard to run its store card scheme.
Freescale announces dual-core PowerPC processor While much has been made of efforts by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Intel Corp. to bring dual-core processors to PCs and servers, Freescale Semiconductor Inc.
City official: Expos will move to DC next year Major League Baseball has chosen Washington, DC as the new home of the Montreal Expos, a city official has told The Associated Press.
Israeli Gaza incursion BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip Israeli tanks, armored vehicles and troops have pushed into northern Gaza in a raid aimed at militants who have fired rockets at Israeli towns.
Sri Lanka rebels seek Europe help A delegation of Tamil Tiger rebels has left Sri Lanka for a three week tour of Europe aimed at putting pressure on the government to resume peace talks.
I #39;m not the first bowler to get smashed: Kasprowicz PACEMAN Michael Kasprowicz believes it is a matter of time before some other poor bowler suffers the same extraordinary fate inflicted on him during one disastrous over, which has turned the summer upside down.
Chargers are manufacturing their own luck The rains came, and the Chargers at times acted as if they #39;d never been wet in a bathtub. But they once again managed to miss slipping on the bar of soap, and the parade kept on going through the afternoon into the night.
Opposition asks govt to provide security to Indian team in B #39;desh: India News: New Delhi, Dec 6 : Voicing serious concern over the death threat to members of the Indian Cricket team, Lok Sabha members belonging to the opposition NDA today asked the government to provide fool proof security to the members of the Indian 
IBM Claims Its Supercomputer Is World #39;s Fastest The two-year reign of the massive Earth Simulator as the fastest supercomputer in the world appears to be nearing an end. IBM executives on Wednesday will announce that one of the new machines in its Blue 
 #39;No blandness #39; after radio merger Capital Radio and GWR #39;s merger will not mean any standardisation of programming, the stations insist. With 55 local analogue radio stations, 93 digital stations and a national frequency, the new group will broadcast to 18 million people.
ASML, Carl Zeiss settle patent dispute with Japan #39;s Nikon for 145 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AMSTERDAM (AFX) - ASML Holding NV said it and its lens partner Carl Zeiss SMT have reached a binding settlement in their patent dispute with Nikon Corp whereby they will pay the Japanese company in total 145 mln usd.
Update 1: Neimen Marcus Selling Zeppelin for \$10M What do you get for that special someone who has just about everything? How about a personal zeppelin? The 12-seater could be yours for a mere \$10 million from the 2004 Neiman Marcus Christmas Book.
Microsoft Unveils Windows XP for India (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. announced Wednesday that it would offer a low-cost, localized version of its Windows XP operating system in India to tap the large market potential in this country of 1 billion people, most of whom do not speak English.
Mountain-sized rock passes Earth The giant Toutatis asteroid passes by the Earth on Wednesday at distance of less than 1.6 million km. This is roughly four times the distance from the Earth to the Moon and closer than this 4.6km-wide rock has come to us since at least the 12th century.
Fake viagra sold over the web from Malta-British scientists A study carried out by doctors from the University of London showed that 50 percent of the Viagra sold over the Internet was fake.
Microsoft to Release Third Open-Source Project MicrosoftWatch: The Redmond software firm is set to make available more of its code under an open-source license on Tuesday. Microsoft is preparing to release a third piece of code under an open-source license 
Court battle over begins over real owner of Bonds #39; 700th home run &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN FRANCISCO The legal battle over who is the real owner of Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball begins this morning in Superior Court.
Dodgers score five runs in ninth for crucial victory LOS ANGELES -- Milton Bradley snapped. Then, aided by the horrendous Colorado Rockies bullpen, the Los Angeles Dodgers pulled off perhaps their most improbable victory of the season.
I Steal Your Heritage Paperwork bores me. Usually I don't fill it out. But in jail, you don't have a choice. 
U.S. Economic Slowdown Was Less Abrupt (Reuters) Reuters - A slowdown in U.S. economic growth\during the second quarter of the year was not as sharp as\previously thought, the Commerce Department reported on\Wednesday, partly because businesses built up inventories at\the strongest rate in four years.
Economy Grows at 3.3 Percent Rate in 2Q (AP) AP - The U.S. economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 percent in the spring, the government reported Wednesday. That was significantly better than a previous estimate but still the weakest showing in more than a year.
Fannie Mae Washington Post business columnist Steven Pearlstein will be online to talk about the investigation into accounting practices at Fannie Mae.
2Q Economic Growth Pegged at 3.3 The U.S. economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 percent in the spring, the government reported Wednesday. That was significantly better than a previous estimate but still the weakest showing in more than a year.
Computer Associates Announces Restructuring Computer Associates International Inc. announced a restructuring plan Wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker \$70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented.
Pay dispute ends in South Africa South Africa's wage dispute ends after unions representing public sector workers accept a revised government offer.
X-43A Scramjet Primed for Mach 10 NASA -- Riding like the tip of a spear on its modified Pegasus booster rocket, NASA's third X-43A hypersonic scramjet research vehicle took to the skies today for a captive-carry flight, remaining attached to its B-52B mothership aircraft.     Serving as a final in-flight check-out of the research vehicle and booster rocket combination prior to the actual launch and free-flight, the successful mission paves the way for launch day, tentatively scheduled for later this Fall...
Flight Controller Readies Shuttle for First Flip NASA -- A decade in Mission Control for native Texan Steve Walker has seen him help steer the Space Shuttle to historic destinations. Among them were the Russian Mir Space Station, the Hubble Space Telescope and the International Space Station...
Cabinet Members Promote Healthier Eating Habits By MARYCLAIRE DALE    PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Three U.S. Cabinet secretaries fanned out across the country Tuesday to promote healthier lifestyles, especially among the nation's snack-filled, exercise-starved youth...
Foundation Awards Annual 'Genius Grants' By TARA BURGHART     CHICAGO (AP) -- When Rueben Martinez became a barber in the Los Angeles area, his love of literature inspired him to lend out books for customers. He noticed that few books made their way back to him...
'Greenhouse' Gas Found Rising Over Antarctica BY KOZO MIZOGUCHI    TOKYO (AP) -- A group of Japanese researchers has found that carbon dioxide levels over the Antarctica rose by over 2.6 percent from six years ago - the first such detection of an increase in a "greenhouse" gas above the southern continent, group members said Tuesday.    Many scientists fear carbon dioxide, produced by burning fossil fuels and other industrial processes, may be causing global warming by trapping heat in the Earth's atmosphere...
Dolly Creator Applies for Human Cloning License The creator of Dolly the sheep, the world's first mammal cloned from an adult, applied for a human cloning license Tuesday to study how nerve cells go awry to cause motor neuron disease.
Economy grows at 3.3 rate in Q2 The US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 in the spring, the government reported Wednesday in the final revision to second-quarter gross domestic product.
Imperial Oil moving HQ to Calgary TORONTO and CALGARY - Imperial Oil Ltd. will pull up its Toronto roots and move its head office to Calgary within the year, ending a long-term commitment to run its oil and gas operations out of Eastern Canada.
Microsoft unveils Windows XP for India Microsoft Corp. announced Wednesday that it would offer a low-cost, localized version of its Windows XP operating system in India to tap the large market potential in this 
Large Asteroid Will Make Its Closest Approach to Earth Wednesday  quot;This is the closest Toutatis will come for another 500 years, and its orbit is very well known, quot; said Dr. Don Yeomans of NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), Pasadena, Calif.
PalmSource Introduces Cobalt 6.1 for Smartphones PalmSource has introduced Palm OS Cobalt 6.1, an enhanced version of Palm OS Cobalt. Designed to accelerate the development of next-generation Palm Powered smartphones and wireless devices, Palm OS Cobalt 
44 Apparent N. Korean Asylum Seekers Enter Canadian Embassy in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Diplomats in Beijing say at least 44 people claiming to be North Koreans have stormed the Canadian embassy in an apparent bid for asylum.
IBM Says Blue Gene Breaks Speed Record By ELLEN SIMON    NEW YORK (AP) -- IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world's fastest supercomputer...
Microsoft Unveils Windows XP Operating System for India By RAJESH MAHAPATRA    NEW DELHI (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) announced Wednesday that it would offer a low-cost, localized version of its Windows XP operating system in India to tap the large market potential in this country of 1 billion people, most of whom do not speak English...
Arsenal faces must-win game against Rosenborg to reach knockout &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Gunners have one more chance to prove they can cut it in Europe. Arsenal needs to beat Norway #39;s Rosenborg at Highbury on Tuesday to guarantee a place in the knockout stage of the Champions League.
British Hostage in Iraq Begs for Release (AP) AP - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera on Wednesday broadcast footage of British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.
John Kerry Explains War Funding Vote (AP) AP - On the eve of a foreign policy debate with President Bush, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said in an interview that his explanation of why he voted in favor of additional funding for the war in Iraq before voting against it was "one of those inarticulate moments" in the campaign.
Families of Iraq War Dead Target Bush in Ads (Reuters) Reuters - Angered by President Bush's policy\in Iraq, a group of military families whose relatives died\there is targeting the president in new television ads to be\aired ahead of the Nov. 2 election.
Typhoon Meari Hits South Japan, Triggers Floods  TOKYO (Reuters) - A record eighth typhoon swept through  southern Japan on Wednesday, killing at least two people,  triggering floods and strong winds that forced the evacuation  of tens of thousands.
Microsoft Set to Ask Judge to Suspend Penalties  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp is ready to ask a judge  on Thursday to suspend penalties imposed on it for violating  antitrust law by using the monopoly of its Windows operating  system to hurt competitors.
World bank urges poor countries to improve investment climates The World Bank wants the governments of poor countries to do more to improve their investment climates, action it described as central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
Cendant to buy Orbitz for \$1.25B Travel and real estate conglomerate Cendant Corp. said Wednesday it will buy travel Web site Orbitz Inc. for about \$1.25 billion, making it the No.
IBM says supercomputer breaks speed record NEW YORK - IBM is claiming unofficial bragging rights as owner of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer. IBM says its still-unfinished  quot;BlueGene System quot; can sustain speeds of 36 teraflops.
US economy grew faster than estimated A slowdown in US economic growth during the second quarter was not as sharp as previously thought, the Commerce Department reported today.
Delta to chop pay 10 percent Workers at struggling Delta Air Lines will see their pay cut by 10 percent, their health care premiums go up and their vacation time trimmed under a cost-saving plan announced Tuesday.
Tuning in to Digital Radio The proposed merger of GWR and Capital comes at a pivotal point for the radio industry as the digital revolution gathers pace. Broadcasters have frequently stated how 
Disney president says deal with Pixar unlikely NEW YORK A Walt Disney executive says it #39;s  quot;unlikely quot; the company will strike a new distribution deal with Pixar Animation Studios.
US Air may slash exec payroll US Airways plans to cut its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing pay and benefits for its 3,000 managers and eliminating positions, said a newspaper report Wednesday.
Munich to press on with Linux switch More than a year after the German city of Munich declared its landmark intention to abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of upstart rival Linux, its councilors are finally ready to go ahead with the plan.
Typhoon Meari Hits South Japan, Triggers Floods A record eighth typhoon swept through southern Japan on Wednesday, killing at least two people, triggering floods and strong winds that forced the evacuation of tens of thousands.
Garang confirms he is not supporting rebelling;Khartoum denies &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Sudanese minister of state for foreign affairs, Najib al- Kheir Abdul Wahab, denied the consent of his government to give self rule to Darfur; noting that it will ask for explanations from the UN Higher Commissioner for Refugees over his statements to 
Microsoft brings XP starter software to India The Redmond, Wash.-based software giant on Wednesday announced a year-long pilot program to start shipping the Windows XP Starter Edition to India in early 2005.
Will JpegOfDeath Help Slay Microsoft? A patch has been issued for the JpegOfDeath hole. But so what? No one believes every single user of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer is going to apply it, and this means the door is wide open for hackers.
Report: Russia to OK Kyoto Ratification (AP) AP - The Russian Cabinet will approve ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change, the Interfax news agency reported Wednesday.
Cendant to Buy Orbitz for  #36;1.25 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - Travel and real estate heavyweight\Cendant Corp.  said on Wednesday it will buy travel Web\site Orbitz Inc.  for about  #36;1.25 billion, making it\the No. 2 online travel agency.
Economic Growth Reported Above Forecast  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. economic growth during the  second quarter of the year was stronger than previously  thought, the Commerce Department reported on Wednesday, partly  because businesses built up inventories at the strongest rate  in four years.
Global Markets: Shares Rise, Bonds Fall  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets rose, bonds fell  and the dollar gained moderately against the euro after revised  data showed the second quarter slowdown in the U.S. economy was  less abrupt than initially thought.
Agere to Cut 500 Jobs, Book Charges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Communications chip maker Agere  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGRa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AGRa.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it will cut 500 jobs  and sell or close a plant in Florida that employs 600 people in  order to reduce costs amid slowing sales.
US growth figures revised upwards The US economy grew more quickly than previously thought in the three months to June, official figures suggest.
Private Rocketship Launches Today Michael Melvill, who earned commercial astronaut's wings by piloting SpaceShipOne's history-making flight earlier this year, was selected to fly the first X Prize flight Wednesday.
ConocoPhillips Buys Stake in Lukoil MOSCOW Sept. 29, 2004 - In a deal paving the way for future joint ventures, US oil giant ConocoPhillips on Wednesday won an auction with a bid of nearly \$2 billion for the Russian government #39;s 7.6 percent stake in Russia #39;s Lukoil the world #39;s No.
Crude prices stay above \$50 for second day SINGAPORE -- Oil lingered above the \$50 per barrel threshold in Asian trade today, breaching the mark for the second straight day ahead of key US crude stockpile data.
Regulators Question Fannie Mae Accounting Description: Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest source of financing for home mortgages, faces accusations of pervasive accounting problems.
IBM #39;s BlueGene Now World #39;s Fastest Computer 36.01 Teraflops. Yeah, that #39;ll just about do it. What  quot;it quot; is, I don #39;t know, but I #39;m sure the well dressed geeks at IBM are blue with pride after their BlueGene/L computer surpassed the speed of NEC #39;s Earth Simulator.
New Toshiba notebooks highlight long-running trend Toshiba #39;s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on Tuesday, are further evidence that US consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel #39;s newer mobile processors.
New ETFs on the Block More exchange-traded funds gives your itchy trading finger more reasons to scratch.
Microsoft brings XP starter software to India Hindi version of Windows XP costs just \$36, as the software giant aims for gains in the populous nation.
IBM claims supercomputer speed crown An IBM supercomputer still under development has set an unofficial new world speed record during testing, the company announced on Wednesday.
Computer Associates to Fire 800, Trim Product Line (Update3) Computer Associates International Inc., the software maker operating under government oversight after an accounting scandal, will fire 800 workers, or 5 percent of its employees, as the company trims its product line.
Capital and GWR agree on terms of 711m merger deal LONDON - Capital Radio and GWR have agreed the terms of their proposed 711 merger, which will create the UK #39;s biggest radio company controlling 40 of the radio advertising market.
Germany #39;s Deutsche Post takes 38 per cent stake in Unipost of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; German mail giant Deutsche Post said Tuesday it is taking a 38 per cent stake in Spanish postal company Unipost. Deutsche Post did not disclose the price of the stake in Barcelona-based Unipost 
India to get Windows XP Starter Edition ANOTHER COUNTRY is to be offered Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Starter Edition, according to Associated Press. India - a country of over one billion souls - will be offered the cut down version of Windows XP using one of its official languages, Hindi.
Yahoo pages to get touch-up Yahoo on Thursday plans to let visitors test-drive its new home page and My Yahoo personalization site in preparation for a full relaunch this fall.
New Toshiba notebooks highlight long-running trend Toshiba Corp. #39;s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on Tuesday, are further evidence that US consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel Corp.
Former BEA executives launch open source company Three former BEA Systems executives who left earlier this year have resurfaced as founders of a Seattle start-up that plans to begin integrating and supporting a variety of open source server software next year.
Nintendo share price rises as DS impresses markets Shares in Nintendo rose on the Tokyo Stock Exchange at the start of this week, as continued uncertainty about certain key aspects of Sony #39;s PSP plans tipped analysts in favour of the forthcoming DS handheld.
Arsenal #39;s Gilberto out for month with back injury Arsenal #39;s Brazilian midfielder Gilberto will be out for at least a month with a back injury, the English champions said on Tuesday.
DC scores the Expos; Norfolk mayor praises local bid Major League Baseball officials will announce today that the Montreal Expos are relocating to Washington, Mayor Paul D. Fraim said Tuesday night.
Candlestick looms, maybe, as a real Monster Park Bee Staff Writer. SANTA CLARA - The 49ers have struck a deal to transform Candlestick Park into  quot;The Monster, quot; but San Francisco voters might have the final say on whether the beastly moniker sticks.
Typhoon strikes Kyushu, injuring 13; 3 missing TOKYO - Typhoon Meari landed on Kyushu on Wednesday morning and was moving northeast in Miyazaki Prefecture at 4 pm, bringing heavy rains and strong wind to southern and western Japan and causing the evacuation of residents and some injuries.
Defectors in Beijing swamp embassy  quot;Forty five people made an attempt in the afternoon, quot; a South Korean diplomat in Beijing said.  quot;We have sent staff to the Canadian Embassy to find out their identities and purposes of entry.
Network Physics adds to management line Network Physics has introduced a new distributed architecture for its network management and performance line aimed at helping enterprises ensure the integrity and security of the entire applications infrastructure.
Mmo2, Lucent to launch 3G mobile network in summer  #39;05 HONG KONG (CBS.MW) -- UK wireless operator Mmo2 (OOM) (UK:OOM) said it will launch Europe #39;s first  quot;super-fast quot; third-generation (3G) mobile broadband data network in the summer of 2005 at mmO2 #39;s subsidiary, Manx Telecom on the UK #39;s Isle of Man.
Yahoo #39;s Redesign Embraces RSS As part of its site revamp launched on Tuesday, Yahoo Inc. further embraced XML syndication technology by mixing feeds from Weblogs and other sites more prominently into its My Yahoo service.
Survey Shows Musicians Are All For Selling Music Over The Internet A new survey has found that more musicians are embracing the internet as a way of reaching new fans. A study by an American research company, Pew Internet, suggests that some musicians do not agree with the 
Chinese computer science major sentenced for Internet porn (AFP) AFP - A Chinese university student in eastern Zhejiang province was sentenced to a year in jail for selling pornography on the Internet.
Egypt to Host Summit on Iraqi Elections (AP) AP - Iraq's government is planning a conference in late November to promote political stability and seek support for upcoming elections, but U.N. officials say they're worried about the timing and lack of a clear agenda.
U.N. Wants African Monitors in Darfur Camps (Reuters) Reuters - African monitors should deploy in\camps for the almost 1.5 million displaced by the conflict in\Darfur and should also monitor police to help build trust with\the local community, the United Nations said on Wednesday.
Homicide rate fell to lowest level in more than 30 years last year: StatsCan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The national homicide rate dropped to its lowest level in more than 30 years last year, says Statistics Canada.
Kerry-Bush rules of engagement leave little room for debate (AFP) AFP - Officially the US presidential election is not a war, but Republicans and Democrats have drawn up what looks suspiciously like rules of engagement for the televised debates between George W. Bush and John Kerry.
Lycos Europe shuts down  quot;the love quot;. Lycos Europe has taken down their  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; campaign. After a short but popular campaign the company decided to stop their mission.
Israel Kills 6 Palestinians in Gaza, W.Bank Raids  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed six  Palestinians including three teenagers on Wednesday as they  thrust deep into Gaza to quell rocket fire into Israel and  raided two West Bank cities in search of wanted militants.
Nigerian Oil Delta Rebel Awaits 11th Hour Talks  ABUJA (Reuters) - A rebel fighting for autonomy in  Nigeria's oil-producing Niger Delta arrived in the capital for  talks with President Olusegun Obasanjo on Wednesday on terms to  end violence that helped to push crude prices to record highs.
Cisco to sell high-end routers with Fujitsu The deal comes as Cisco pushes to develop a market for CRS-1, a new line of routers aimed at telephone, wireless and cable companies.
Microsoft, Amazon Take A Phishing Trip Microsoft and Amazon.com are taking action against e-mail spammers and phishing scam perpetrators, but even two of the most powerful Internet companies on earth will find this fight to be tough going. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Hostage Bigley shown in new video Al-Jazeera screens a video showing British hostage Kenneth Bigley accusing Tony Blair of ignoring his plight.
WHO bid to cut maternal deaths The World Health Organization is spearheading a campaign to reduce the numbers of women who die in childbirth.
Golf: Woods reveals Cup ambition Tiger Woods wants to be a playing vice-captain in the next US Ryder Cup team.
After Dark, the Stuffed Animals Turn Creepy Overnight guards and scientists at the American Museum of Natural History often feel glassy eyes on them.
Neiman Marcus Selling Zeppelin for \$10M DALLAS - What do you get for that special someone who has just about everything? How about a personal zeppelin? The 12-seater could be yours for a mere \$10 million from the 2004 Neiman Marcus Christmas Book.    Other gifts in the book include a \$1.7 million winged submarine, jeweled Mr...
British Hostage Pleads to Tony Blair BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera on Wednesday broadcast footage of British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.    The footage showed a sobbing Bigley talking from behind bars of what appeared to be a prison cell...
Fox Orders Pilot Starring Barenaked Ladies LOS ANGELES - Fox Broadcasting Co. has ordered a pilot for a variety show starring the Barenaked Ladies that will feature the playful rock group performing music and comedy skits along with guest actors...
Neimen Marcus Selling Zeppelin for \$10M DALLAS - What do you get for that special someone who has just about everything? How about a personal zeppelin? The 12-seater could be yours for a mere \$10 million from the 2004 Neiman Marcus Christmas Book.    Other gifts in the book include a \$1.7 million winged submarine, jeweled Mr...
Cendant-Orbitz Link Seen As Online Powerhouse The deal, if consummated, would give Cendant the technology it needs to shed its dependence on an aging system and business model that it #39;s relied upon to distribute airfares and hotel reservations.
Mourinho keeps low profile on return to Porto Jose Mourinho, worried at threats from Porto fans who still resent his departure, is keeping a low profile for Chelsea #39;s final Champions League Group H match against his former side on Tuesday.
Woods Unsure About Tee Time With Injury (AP) AP - Defending champion Tiger Woods said Wednesday he injured his back sleeping on a plane last week and will not know until before his tee time whether he can play in the American Express Championship.
Better Browser Now The Best Except for times when I use one online database that supports Microsoft #39;s (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) dismal excuse for a browser, I never have much use for the blue lower-case  quot;e quot; on my desktop.
AT amp;T Launches The Messaging OGO Bluetooth based Personal Mobile Gateway (PMG) devices developed by IXI Mobile are not exactly new, having been on the Italian market for some time as the NeoFone and NeoChat devices, but with AT amp;T Wireless #39; roll out of a new PMG device named OGO, you 
Federer Survives Shaky Outing, Roddick On Tap Today at ATP Bangkok Roger Federer didn #39;t have his best in his first outing since his win at the US Open, but survived into the second round at Bangkok Tuesday, defeating France #39;s Nicolas Thomann 6-4, 7-6(4) in the quest for his 10th title of 2004.
Tendulkar bats, but hopes look slim Sachin Tendulkar, left, has a friendly chat with Shane Warne during yesterday #39;s practice session at Mumbai #39;s Brabourne Stadium.
Latham stuck between rock and a higher place It was an ebullient Mark Latham who leapt to the stage and yelled out  quot;love you, babe! quot; to his wife Janine Lacy. Classic Latham.
DNA tests identify embassy suicide bomber Indonesian police said yesterday that DNA tests had identified a suicide bomber involved in a deadly attack this month on the Australian embassy in Jakarta.
Economic Growth Reported Above Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. economic growth during the\second quarter of the year was stronger than previously\thought, the Commerce Department reported on Wednesday, partly\because businesses built up inventories at the strongest rate\in four years.
Germany Boosts Borrowing to New Record (AP) AP - The German government will take on an extra 14 billion euros ( #36;17.23 billion) in debt this year because the country's economic upturn so far has failed to boost tax revenue, taking new borrowing to a record level, the finance minister said Wednesday.
Conoco Wins \$2 Bln Russian LUKOIL Stake  MOSCOW (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips said on Wednesday it was  seeking 20 percent of Russia's LUKOIL in a far-reaching  alliance that opens the way for the oil majors to tap vast  reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.
Oil Holds at \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held at \$50 a barrel  Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. inventory data that is expected  to show a decline in crude stocks after Hurricane Ivan hit Gulf  of Mexico production.
Blue Chips Flat on GDP, Oil Remains Focus  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were unchanged on  Wednesday, as investors were little swayed by a positive  government report on economic growth and worried that higher  oil prices will dampen corporate profits.
Conoco forges alliance with Lukoil MOSCOW ConocoPhillips won 7.59 percent of the Russian oil giant Lukoil for \$1.988 billion on Wednesday in a largely symbolic auction that still ranks as the Russian government #39;s most lucrative post-Soviet privatization.
Nikon to get 145 million in patent case Nikon, the world #39;s biggest maker of equipment used to etch computer-chip circuits onto silicon wafers, said on Wednesday that it would get \$87 million from its European rival ASML Holding to settle a patent suit dating back to 2001.
After a skeptical greeting, Google shares climb NEW YORK Wall Street, which forced Google, the Internet search engine, to sharply lower the price of its shares in its initial public offering in August, has now decided that the company is worth a lot more today than it was then.
Mortgage lending hits 12-month low The chances of another rise in interest rates faded today as mortgage lending slowed to its lowest level for a year during August.
Microsoft, Amazon Take a Phishing Trip Amazon.com and Microsoft Corp., the twin peaks of the Seattle area #39;s technology community, are joining forces to attack the tide of spam and fraudulent e-mail messages that clog in-boxes 
Asteroid to make closest pass in 651 years A giant asteroid will make a close brush by Earth Wednesday -- at least close by asteroid standards. The 4.6-kilometre-long Toutatis will come within 1.5 million kilometres of Earth.
S3 ramps GammaChrome 3D production VIA #39;s graphics chip subsidiary, S3, will see its GammaChrome 3D part appear in retail boards in the Far East in Q4, the company #39;s CFO said today.
Popular Games end on sombre note The lights at Athens #39; Olympic stadium turn red to signify the handover of the Paralympic Games to the host city, Beijing. Photo: AFP.
Sachin gifted me a bat: Pagnis MUMBAI: Sachin Tendulkar #39;s 204 for Mumbai against Australia in 1998 is now a Brabourne legend, but it was Amit Pagnis who began the assault on the Aussie attack in the game, especially Shane Warne.
A #39;s are fit to be tied Hudson lit by M #39;s, Angels pull even The A #39;s fell from sole possession of first place and have five games to reassume exclusive control of the American League West.
Usual favorites picked in CCHA; WMU 7th In what is becoming as predictable as Groundhog #39;s Day, Michigan and Michigan State again topped the preseason polls at the Central Collegiate Hockey Association #39;s media day Tuesday at Joe Louis Arena.
Celebrations after release of Italian aid workers taken hostage in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DAVID HARDAKER: Celebrations have continued in Italy overnight following the homecoming of the two Italian aid workers who were taken hostage in Iraq three weeks ago.
Seagate seeks system builder support for 100GB notebook drive Ideal for barebone laptops, apparently
ConocoPhilipps wins stake in Russia's Lukoil for nearly  #36;2 billion US (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - In a deal paving the way for future joint ventures, U.S. oil giant ConocoPhillips has won an auction with a bid of nearly  #36;2 billion US for the Russian government's 7.6 per cent stake in Russia's Lukoil - the world's No. #160;2 oil company by reserves.
Head of China Oil Co. Hails Project Launch (AP) AP - The president of China's biggest oil producer hailed the beginning of construction on a pipeline from Kazakhstan to China on Wednesday, calling it "a bridge of friendship" between his energy-hungry nation and the oil-rich Central Asian country.
IBM says its supercomputer in Rochester breaks speed record For three years running, the fastest supercomputer had been NEC #39;s Earth Simulator in Japan. That was seen as a big challenge for the US computer industry.
US economy increases 3.3 percent in second quarter The US economy grew at an annualized rate of 3.3 percent in the second quarter of this year,significantly better than a previously estimated growth rate of 2.8 percent, but 
Update 1: Cendant to Buy Orbitz for \$1.25B in Cash Hotel franchisor Cendant Corp. agreed to buy online travel company Orbitz Inc. for about \$1.25 billion. The \$27.50 a share cash offer, which has been approved by boards of both companies but still needs regulatory 
Update 1: American Greetings Returns to Profit in 2Q Licensing income helped boost American Greetings Corp. to a profit in its second quarter, even though sales at the greeting cards maker were flat.
New ALH bid tipped AFTER almost three months of inaction, investors are betting Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality is finally in play after private equity group Newbridge trumped rival bidder Bruandwo #39;s offer.
RPT-Global economy revs up to 30-year high growth-IMF The International Monetary Fund on Wednesday revised up its 2004 world growth forecast to 5 percent, the highest level in three decades, but said sharply 
Consumers take fright as rate rises bite Consumers are feeling the pinch after five interest rate rises in less than a year, with a slowdown in the rampant housing market, ebbing consumer morale and a drop in retail sales, data show.
Microsoft #39;s Russian Carrot Pity Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT). For all the grief we give the company about its failure to plug security holes in its software, its historical problems with the blue screen 
Hear William Shatner #39;s sensational version of Pulp #39;s  #39;Common &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The CD will remain the most popular music format till the end of the decade, according to a new survey. The report also states that Europe will buy over 570m worth of digital downloads in 2009, but technology 
Network Centric Operations Industry Consortium Created 28 major companies announced their formation of the Network Centric Operations Industry Consortium, (NCOIC), an industry-wide consortium, with the goal of recommending a unified approach that would enable sensors, communications and information systems to 
Jackson Joins Kerry Campaign As Adviser (AP) AP - Civil rights activist Jesse Jackson joined the campaign of Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as a poll showed support for the presidential candidate slipping among black Americans, a critical Democratic constituency.
Sombre end to glorious month But instead of climactic celebration of what was a wonderful event, the party and fireworks were cancelled out of respect for the seven children killed when their bus crashed on the way to the Games on Monday.
Chelsea v FC Porto Live SSP2 KO 19.45pm Poor old Mourinho.rich, suave, the world at his feet.but unloved. His team are unloved as well. Chelsea have become the team every fan wants to get beaten.
AS Roma names Del Neri as coach to replace Voeller AS Roma on Wednesday signed Luigi Del Neri as its new coach to replace Rudi Voeller, who resigned last Sunday. The club reported that Del Neri traveled to the training camp of Trigoria shortly 
Mayor  #39;led Pitcairn #39;s boys #39; in sex PITCAIRN Island mayor Steve Christian will go on trial today accused of leading  quot;the boys quot;, a group of seven men who allegedly spent 30 years sexually abusing underage girls on the tiny Pacific outcrop.
Govt braces for bird flu Theresa Torres, Reporter. Sharing its neighbors fears of a bird-flu pandemic after the first probable case of human-to-human infection was reported in Thailand, the Philippine government on Wednes 
PM notes lack of vision OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham had failed to outline a plan for future management of the national economy in his speech at Labor #39;s campaign launch yesterday, Prime Minister John Howard said.
Moscow arrests two in Forbes slaying Moscow police arrested two Chechen men in connection with the murder of US journalist Paul Klebnikov, the Moscow Times reported Wednesday.
Kerry says he will use Bush debate to counter Republican distortion (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry admitted that the Bush campaign has run a successful campaign portraying him as indecisive but said he would use a looming presidential debate to set the record straight.
Stocks Mixed on Latest GDP Reading NEW YORK - Stocks were mixed in early trading Wednesday as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product and kept a close eye on oil prices that still hovered near \$50 per barrel.    Investors saw the Commerce Department report, which said the nation's GDP grew 3.3 percent from April to June, as a mix of good and bad news...
Official: MLB to Move Expos to Washington WASHINGTON - Richard Nixon was president and man was still making trips to the moon the last time the word "Washington" appeared in the major league baseball standings.    On Opening Day, April 4, 2005, look for the nation's capital to return...
SpaceShipOne blasts off com September 29, 2004, 7:06 AM PT. MOJAVE, Calif.--A specialized plane carrying a suborbital spacecraft took off shortly before 7:15 am PDT in an attempt to complete the first phase in the race to privatize space travel.
Montgomery Doping Hearing Set for Early November World 100 meters record holder Tim Montgomery will appear before the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) in San Francisco in the first week of November for a hearing over a possible life ban for doping.
178 NHL Players Now in Europe (AP) AP - Buffalo Sabres center Daniel Briere agreed to a deal Wednesday with SC Bern of the Swiss league, becoming the latest NHL player to head to Europe.
Woods Doubtful for World Championship Tournament  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - Three-times winner Tiger  Woods could miss the WGC-American Express Championship at Mount  Juliet with a shoulder injury, he said on Wednesday.
Montgomery Doping Hearing Set for Early November  LONDON (Reuters) - World 100 meters record holder Tim  Montgomery will appear before the Court of Arbitration for  Sport (CAS) in San Francisco in the first week of November for  a hearing over a possible life ban for doping.
Olympic Champion Henin Still Suffering from Virus  LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic champion Justine Henin-Hardenne  is still suffering from a mystery virus which has plagued her  for much of this year.
ConocoPhillips to make \$2 billion equity investment in Lukoil Houston-based oil company ConocoPhillips and Russia #39;s largest oil producer, Lukoil, jointly announced Wednesday in Moscow that ConocoPhillips will become a strategic equity investor in Lukoil.
Developing countries urged to improve investment climate Financial Times, 29 September 2004 - Developing countries must take action to reduce corruption and cronyism in order to improve investment climates and promote growth and poverty reduction, the World Bank said yesterday.
Prizes, Profit Could Fuel Private Space Race On Wednesday September 29, a private company in California plans to launch a craft known as SpaceShipOne into near-earth orbit in an attempt to win the so-called  quot;Ansari X-Prize.
Buying Viagra over the Internet could give you a heart attack! LONDON: Doctors are warning people not to buy the anti-impotency drug, Viagra, over the internet, because they have found conclusive evidence that it is usually fake and could lead to a number of side effects, including a heart attack.
HP Trials Built-To-Order PCs to Reduce Risk  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - U.S. computer company Hewlett-Packard  said on Wednesday it was expanding a built-to-order system for  personal computers and other high volume computer products,  similar to rival Dell.
National League Game Summary - Colorado at Los Angeles Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Steve Finley #39;s two-run single capped a five-run ninth inning, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 5-4 victory over the Colorado Rockies at Dodger Stadium in the second contest of a four-game series.
Time for tea, while a nation decides AFTER one of the most important speeches of his life, British Prime Minister Tony Blair was still fighting to reunite his New Labour Party yesterday as the war in Iraq continued to haunt his leadership.
Ross Fitzgerald: Overexposed, overwrought and overboard NO one has said it yet, but John Howard is looking more and more like Paul Keating, circa March 1996. Keating won the seemingly unwinnable election in 1993 against John Hewson, then crashed three years later.
Next Round of Six-way Talks Unclear North Koreas Deputy Foreign Minister Choi Su-heon created another stir as he asserted on Monday (Local Time) that Pyongyang has reprocessed and weaponized 8,000 spent plutonium fuel rods.
French negotiator claims hostage releases close PARIS, Sept 29 (AFP) - Paris on Wednesday remained tight-lipped about the fate of two French journalists abducted over a month ago in Iraq following the release of up to 10 hostages there, including two Italian female aid workers.
Arrest warrant issued for suspects in Klebnikov murder MOSCOW. Sept 29 (Interfax) - A Moscow court has issued an arrest warrant for two Chechens suspected of involvement in the murder of Paul Klebnikov, a prominent American journalist and editor-in-chief of the Russian edition of Forbes magazine.
Global economy set for best growth in 30 years: IMF (AFP) AFP - The world economy, powered in part by China, will grow this year at its briskest pace in almost three decades -- five percent -- before losing steam in 2005 in the face of higher oil prices, the IMF said.
ConocoPhillips takes 7.6 stake in Russia #39;s Lukoil NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- US stock futures are pointing to a mixed open Wednesday as the positive impact of a report showing stronger-than-expected second-quarter growth in the US economy was offset by concern oil could surge above \$50 a barrel on inventory 
India, China have improved invt climate The World Bank has called upon the governments of poor countries to work for improving their investment climates as done by India and China, saying it was central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
Orbitz stock soars on Cendant deal Shares of Internet travel firm Orbitz Inc. surged after it agreed to be acquired by Manhattan-based Cendant Corp. for about \$1.25 billion.
PF Chang #39;s China Bistro 3Q Revenue Rises PF Chang #39;s China Bistro Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter revenue rose 29 percent on increased sales, customer traffic and prices.
ASML, Carl Zeiss Pay Nikon \$145M Nikon Corp. will soon see a \$145 million influx, thanks to a memorandum of understanding with ASML Holding NV and Carl Zeiss SMT AG.
Delta pilots back, executive payroll cut Delta Air Lines says its pilots union decided to get back retired pilots of the company in order not to cancel flights as Delta already suffers huge losses.
Private rocketship begins quest for \$10 million X Prize The first private manned rocket to reach space soared toward the edge of the atmosphere on Wednesday in a bid to earn the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
Stocks Are Higher on Latest Economic Growth Reading Stocks rose today as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product and kept a close eye on lower oil prices.
Martha Stewart Is Said to Serve Time in West Virginia Martha Stewart has been ordered to serve her sentence for lying about a stock sale at the federal prison in Alderson, W.Va.
Rocky Mountain Heads Toward Highs High-powered profit growth has investors dipping into this mall-based confectioner.
CA to cut 5 percent of work force The planned elimination of 800 jobs is part of a restructuring plan that will cost \$40 million, the troubled firm says.
JPEG exploit could beat antivirus software Security experts say that attacks using image files could bypass established defenses.
IMF Predicts Strongest Growth in 3 Decades The global economy should register its strongest growth in three decades in 2004 despite soaring oil prices, which are expected to restrain the US expansion a bit, the International Monetary Fund said Wednesday.
Martha Stewart to Do Time in W.Va. Federal Prison NEW YORK - Martha Stewart (search) was ordered Wednesday to serve her sentence at the federal prison in Alderson, W.Va., according to source close to the case.
UPDATE 3-American Greetings posts profit, starts dividend Greeting card maker American Greetings Corp. (AM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit, reversing a year-earlier loss, as licensing income and lower costs offset flat sales.
CA cutting 5 percent of workforce Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of shaving US\$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Italians Rejoice Over Release of Aid Workers in Iraq Italians are rejoicing Wednesday after two female aid workers arrived home following three weeks of captivity at the hands of militants in Iraq.
Janet Jackson still holds TiVo title Sure, the device can record movies and anything else broadcast on TV. But apparently sex is what pushes the rewind button the most.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4 to support Indian languages Red Hat Inc.'s Enterprise Linux 4 products, scheduled for release early next year, will support five Indian languages, reflecting the growing importance of the Indian market, according to an executive of the Raleigh, North Carolina-based Linux company.
CA cutting 5 percent of workforce Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Tougher File-Trading Bill Moves Forward Controversial plan could force file swappers to face criminal charges.
Apple Unveils Logic Pro 7 Logic Pro 7, the next major release of the award-winning professional music creation and audio production software, will change the way musicians and audio engineers worldwide compose, record, edit and mix music in any studio environment. In addition to more than 100 workflow enhancements, breakthrough new software instruments, new mastering plug-ins and support for Apple Loops, Logic Pro 7 also debuts distributed audio processing, a revolutionary technology which allows audio pros to tap into a virtually unlimited number of Macs to expand available Digital Signal Processing (DSP) power. Sep 29
Apple Debuts Logic Express 7 Logic Express 7, a streamlined version of Logic, provides a basic set of professional tools for students, educators and advanced hobbyists at an affordable price. Sep 29
Introducing Two New Jam Packs Apple introduces two new Jam Packs for its GarageBand music creation software, giving musicians and aspiring musicians more Apple Loops and software instruments to create music. Jam Pack 2: Remix Tools makes it easy to produce compelling dance, hip-hop and electronica tracks, while Jam Pack 3: Rhythm Section offers songwriters a complete backing band for their rock, alternative and country music. Sep 29
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Burning a CD from the Finder What do you do after you #146;ve loaded a blank CD (or a DVD) into your Mac? Find out on the Apple Pro/ site in the latest Mac OS X killer tip. Sep 21
ConocoPhillips buys big Lukoil stake ConocoPhillips has bought a major stake in Russia #39;s second largest oil producer OAO Lukoil Holdings. The Houston company, formed by a merger of Conoco and Phillips Petroleum, won 
Earth in close encounter with giant asteroid Humankind got spied on by a huge space invader on Wednesday. An asteroid named for a Celtic god of war was to come closer to Earth this week than it has since 1353.
Chelsea v Porto Defender Wayne Bridge is in contention for Chelsea after missing the weekend win at Middlesbrough due to a knock suffered in the draw against Tottenham.
Oil Falls from \$50 as Crude Stocks Swell  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices dropped from record highs  above \$50 a barrel on Wednesday as weekly U.S. inventory data  showed a surprise increase in crude stocks, easing fears over  stretched international supplies.
Oil Drops, Bulls Bail, Treasuries Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a  second straight session on Wednesday, pressured by a wave of  profit-taking after repeated failures to break recent lows on  yields.
Agere to Cut Another 500 Jobs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Communications chipmaker Agere Systems  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGRa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AGRa.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it will close a Florida plant  that employs 600 people if it cannot find a buyer by December  2005 and cut an additional 500 jobs amid slowing sales.
Centene Takes a Dose of Deal-Making The mergers and acquisitions continue apace in the managed care industry.
IBM Says Its Supercomputer Is World #39;s Fastest International Business Machines Corp. on Wednesday said it has developed the world #39;s fastest computer, putting it back on top after a Japanese supercomputer claimed the title some two years ago.
IMF: Oil, job outlook cloud US growth In its fall outlook, the global lender cuts estimates for US GDP growth for both 2004 and 2005. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US economic growth should pick up in the second half of 2004 but costlier oil and weak 
Martha Stewart Headed for W.Virginia Prison-Source Homemaking icon Martha Stewart will serve her five-month jail sentence for lying about a suspicious stock sale at a minimum security prison in West Virginia, a source close to the case said Wednesday.
Higher sales lift PF Chang shares CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of PF Chang #39;s China Bistro jumped 7 percent in early trading Wednesday after the casual dining chain said sales jumped amid new store openings, higher traffic and a hike in prices.
Private Rocket Unofficially Reaches Space MOJAVE, Calif. Sept. 29, 2004 - After recovering from a wild corkscrew roll on its ascent, the first private manned rocket soared to space and returned safely to Earth on Wednesday in a bid to earn a \$10 million prize.
Mahendra elected India #39;s board chief Ranbir Mahendra was elected president of India #39;s national cricket board after edging out a powerful federal minister at an acrimonious election on Wednesday.
Bomb Attacks Target UK, US Interests in Turkey ANKARA, Turkey -- Four bombs went off in front of British and US interests in Turkey late Tuesday (28 September), causing damage but no casualties.
Microsoft's EU Battle Hits Public Court (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp.'s five-year legal battle in Europe moves into a public courtroom for the first time as the U.S. software giant tries to get the European Union's landmark antitrust ruling against it lifted.
Apple wants to expand music download service across Europe (AFP) AFP - Apple Computer is planning to expand its online music download service to more European countries, the company announced at the Popkomm music trade fair.
INTERVIEW: HP Tries Built-To-Order PCs (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. computer company Hewlett-Packard\said on Wednesday it was expanding a built-to-order system for\personal computers and other high volume computer products,\similar to rival Dell.
Microsoft launches low-cost Windows in India to woo first-time PC users (AFP) AFP - US-based Microsoft Corp will introduce a low-cost version of its Windows XP operating system in India in early 2005 in a bid to capture a market of millions of households.
IBM Says Its Supercomputer Is World's Fastest (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\on Wednesday said it has developed the world's fastest\computer, putting it back on top after a Japanese supercomputer\claimed the title some two years ago.
Apple Plans EU Expansion of iTunes Next Month (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer is planning the next wave\of expansion for its popular iTunes online music store with a\multi-country European launch in October, the services chief\architect said on Wednesday.
3G chiefs choose AAC for mobile music delivery High Efficiency codec recommended to network, content providers
U.S. Military Beefs Up Security Ahead of Afghan Poll (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. forces in Afghanistan vowed on\Wednesday to bolster security in the volatile south and\southeast ahead of a landmark election, as Taliban guerrillas\bent on disrupting the poll launched a fresh wave of attacks.
Former Suspect in Swedish PM Murder Mystery Dies (Reuters) Reuters - The only man ever brought to trial\for the 1986 murder of Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme died\on Wednesday, leaving the case an enduring mystery after almost\20 years.
Apple Plans EU Expansion of iTunes Next Month  BERLIN (Reuters) - Apple Computer is planning the next wave  of expansion for its popular iTunes online music store with a  multi-country European launch in October, the services chief  architect said on Wednesday.
Kerry Ties Hurt Some Democratic Senators (AP) AP - Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle hugged President Bush from one end of South Dakota to the other this summer  #151; in his own campaign commercials.
INTERVIEW: HP Tries Built-To-Order PCs  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - U.S. computer company Hewlett-Packard  said on Wednesday it was expanding a built-to-order system for  personal computers and other high volume computer products,  similar to rival Dell.
Eurofighter set to boost BAE in 2005 BAE Systems, the weapon system manufacturer, said on Monday that it was expecting a modest performance improvement in 2005, in part because of the results ongoing negotiations with the British government over the Eurofighter programme.
Stocks Higher on Latest GDP Reading NEW YORK - Stocks pushed higher Wednesday as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product and kept a close eye on oil prices that started to fall under \$50 per barrel.    Investors saw the Commerce Department report, which said the nation's GDP grew 3.3 percent from April to June, as fairly good news, with a few caveats...
Official: MLB to Move Expos to Washington WASHINGTON - Richard Nixon was president and man was still making trips to the moon the last time the word "Washington" appeared in the major league baseball standings. On Opening Day, April 4, 2005, look for the nation's capital to return...
British Hostage Pleads to Tony Blair BAGHDAD, Iraq - A British hostage pleaded for his government to save his life in a new video aired Wednesday on Arab television after the release of two Italian women and 10 other hostages. In Baghdad, U.S...
IMF: World economy set for strongest growth in 30 years The global economy should register its strongest growth in 30 years in 2004 despite soaring oil prices, which are expected to restrain the US expansion a bit, the International Monetary Fund said Wednesday.
IBM reclaims supercomputer crown for US SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - For the first time since 2002, Japan #39;s Earth Simulator is not the most powerful supercomputer on the planet.
ConocoPhilips gets stake in Russia #39;s giant MOSCOW Oil giant ConocoPhillips of the US is paying nearly two (b) billion dollars for a seven percent stake in Russia #39;s Lukoil.
 #39;Soft patch #39; not so soft, as US economic growth revised higher WASHINGTON : The US economy #39;s  quot;soft patch quot; was not as weak as initial estimates, according to government data Wednesday showing a 3.3 percent pace of expansion in the second quarter.
CA cutting 5 of workforce SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Computer Associates International Inc. plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 of its workforce, in the hope of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Air Canada to Buy 45 Embraer Jets Air Canada (AC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (ACErv.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to buy 45 regional jets from Embraer SA (EMBR4.
Black  amp; Decker Gets OK to Buy Tools Unit Black  amp; Decker Corp. received regulatory approval for its \$775 million cash acquisition of pump maker Pentair Inc. #39;s tools group, and expects the deal to close in early October, the power tools maker said Wednesday.
SpaceShipOne: A giant leap for high-tech vets? update MOJAVE, Calif.--A venture backed by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen got a jump Wednesday on rivals eyeing a \$10 million prize for the first privately funded junkets into space and back.
Amazon, Microsoft Sue Spammers Amazon and Microsoft have filed lawsuits against companies that used their names to commit fraud on the Internet. One suit accuses Gold Disk Canada of  quot;spoofing, quot; or sending e-mails that appear 
Asteroid Comes Closest to Earth Since 12th Century, NASA Says Toutatis, a mountain-sized asteroid, came the closest to the Earth since at least the 12th century, allowing scientists to gather data about its trajectory and features, the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration said.
Consortium Forms to Set Network Centric Communications Standards The Network Centric Operations Industry Consortium (NCOIC) formally introduced itself this week at a Tuesday (Sept. 28) press conference in Washington, DC The new group, consisting initially of 28 companies 
3 Indian Female Weightlifters Banned for Life After Positive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Indian Olympic Association has banned three female weightlifters and their coach for life after the athletes tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
Group F: Wenger:  #39;Reyes is our Rooney #39; On Tuesday night everyone was talking about one Wayne Rooney, after the young prodigy inscribed a magnificent hat-trick on his Manchester Utd and Champions League debut.
Roddick betters Parmar AMERICAN Andy Roddick wasted little time in trouncing Britain #39;s Arvind Parmar 6-1 6-4 to advance into the second round of the Thailand Open today.
44 N.Koreans Break Into Canada #39;s Beijing Embassy A group of 44 North Korean asylum seekers used makeshift ladders to scale the fence and leap into the Canadian embassy in Beijing on Wednesday, officials said.
Intel No. 1 for helping workers with commutes (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The federal government releases a list Wednesday lauding Fortune 500 firms that make a major effort to ease commutes for their employees, which helps ease traffic congestion and air pollution. Intel is No. 1 on the list of 69 companies to be designated as Best Workplaces for Commuters by the EPA.
China exports 73.4 mln cellphones in first seven months, doubling earnings (AFP) AFP - China more than doubled its export earnings from cellphones, shipping 73.4 million handsets overseas in the first seven months of the year, state media reported.
Jarvis slumps as debt deadline nears Shares in Jarvis have plunged by more than 20 per cent after the support services contractor warned that it may yet fall victim to its 230 million debt burden.
Support Linux Standard Base (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - LSB 2.0 represents the best chance to prevent Linux fragmentation.
Top Count Is Withdrawn in Tyco Retrial (AP) AP - Prosecutors have decided to abandon the charge of enterprise corruption, the top count against former Tyco International Ltd. executives L. Dennis Kozlowski and Mark H. Swartz, when the two are retried in January.
Federal Scientists Search for Lost H-Bomb (AP) AP - Spurred by what appear to be unusual radiation readings offshore, the U.S. government is sending a team of 20 scientists to try to find a hydrogen bomb lost off the Georgia coast in 1958.
FDA Eases Rules on Drug Manufacturing (Reuters) Reuters - Drug makers will not need regulatory\approval for every change in their manufacturing processes\under new guidelines designed to prevent supply disruptions,\U.S. health officials said on Wednesday.
Merger Creates World #39;s Third-Largest Firm Piper Rudnick and the British law firm DLA have agreed to combine in the largest merger of law firms to date. The combined firm, which is to be known as DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary, will have 
Economic Growth Better Than Thought  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy grew faster in the  second quarter than previously thought as business inventories  rose at the strongest rate in four years, the government said  on Wednesday, a sign the soft patch was not as soft as feared.
Blue Chips Slip as Oil Stocks Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips slid back into the red  on Wednesday as oil company shares fell on a report showing an  unexpected rise in U.S. oil inventories last week, which drove  oil prices lower.
Computer Associates to Cut 800 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Software maker Computer Associates  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of  its work force, to cut costs amid weaker demand and falling  prices for software and services.
Martha Stewart Going to W.Va. Jail-Source  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Homemaking icon Martha Stewart will  serve her five-month jail sentence for lying about a suspicious  stock sale at a minimum security prison in West Virginia, a  source close to the case said on Wednesday.
Orbitz: Travelzoo's Line in the Sand A smart investor pays \$1.25 billion for Orbitz. So what's Travelzoo worth?
Private Spacecraft Roars to Space and Back &lt;I&gt;SpaceShipOne,&lt;/I&gt; the first privately built, manned vehicle to reach space, roared to space and back again this morning from a launch site in California's Mojave desert.
Penguin Tags Are a Drag -- Can Rubber Improve Them? Hoping to monitor penguins unobtrusively, scientists are testing a tag made of silicone rubber. Stainless steel tags used currently can impede the birds' ability to hunt.
Birding Column: Sweet Song of the Winter Sparrows Birding columnist Mathew Tekulsky considers the joys of sparrows wintering in his California backyard.
Nokia extends outsourcing deal with HP The deal is valued at about \$100 million, but the handset maker will be billed based on actual service consumption.
IBM #39;s Blue Gene Wins Fastest Supercomputer Honors IBM (Quote, Chart) secured the top spot in the rankings for world #39;s fastest supercomputer as Blue Gene/L ran at a sustained speed of 36.
Tense Moments During Trailblazing Private Space Flight MOJAVE, CALIFORNIA - In a mission that could herald a new era of space tourism, a privately built, three-person rocket ship flew to space and back today in a mission that frightened those who watched from the ground and on a live webcast.
IronPort Appliance Uses E-Mail Analysis To Fight Viruses New version of IronPort product draws on data from E-mail-monitoring network to quarantine viruses within minutes. By Thomas Claburn.
Reform to Rules for Putnam Rep. Adam Putnam (R-Fla.), who led much of Congress #39; oversight of federal information technology during the past two years, has left the House Government Reform Committee and joined the Rules Committee.
Mets to revamp front office again NEW YORK - The New York Mets are revamping their front office for the second straight offseason, hiring Omar Minaya from the Montreal Expos to become the head of baseball operations.
Circuit City picks up AT T Net phone plan The retailer will sell CallVantage in many of its outlets and through its Web site.
Apple software to help garage bands jam "Jam Packs" expand features and portability for musicians mixing music on their Macs.
HD-DVD Standard Earns Approval Rewriteable version of the next-gen DVD format moves closer to mass production.
HSBC Group Chairman to Retire LONDON - David Eldon will retire next year as chairman of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp. Ltd. and the Hang Seng Bank, HSBC Group, one of the world #39;s largest banking and financial service organizations, said Monday.
Telecom Italia Poised for TIM Buyout Telecom Italia plans to use cash for a bigger-than-expected chunk of a 20 billion-euro (\$26.69 billion) buyout of its mobile unit TIM, a source close to the deal said on Monday.
Biometric gear to be deployed in hospitals and GPs' surgeries Early sighting of ID scheme budget-laundering
Magna subsidiary Decoma to close Toronto-area plant, post US\$36M &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CONCORD, Ont. (CP) - Decoma International, a subsidiary of auto parts giant Magna International, is shutting down its anodizing plant just north of Toronto and posting \$36 million US in special charges for that move and restructuring in Europe.
News: Warspammer pleads guilty under anti-spam law A Los Angeles man who spewed porn advertisements from his car likely faces up to six months in jail.\
News: Ha, ha you're infected A new version of the infamous Bagle worm series is spreading widely across the net.
.Mac Increases Email  amp; iDisk Storage .Mac, the popular suite of Internet software and services, now offers both new members and its more than half million existing members 250MB of combined online storage for .Mac mailboxes and iDisk folders, perfect for sharing photos, movies and documents with family, friends and coworkers. Sign up now for a free 60-day trial. Sep 29
MP3 Creator Warns Tech Impasse Dooming Downloads (Reuters) Reuters - Rival technologies that baffle consumers\will run more companies out of business in the nascent music\download market than will head-to-head competition, one of the\lead creators of MP3 playback technology warned on Wednesday.
France Cautious About Purported Iraq Hostage Talks (Reuters) Reuters - France was torn between hope and doubt\about its two hostages in Iraq on Wednesday after a purported\French negotiator announced their imminent release but\officials insisted they knew nothing about his efforts.
Britain's Labour Party struggles to shift conference focus from Iraq (AFP) AFP - Britain's ruling Labour Party struggled to shift the pre-election focus to domestic politics, as Prime Minister Tony Blair faced renewed pressure over the fate of a British hostage in Iraq.
Lawyer for teen killed by police says door still open for criminal charges (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The door is still open for criminal charges against a Toronto police constable who shot a teenager to death, despite an investigation clearing him, a lawyer for Jeffrey Reodica's family said Wednesday.
MP3 Creator Warns Tech Impasse Dooming Downloads  BERLIN (Reuters) - Rival technologies that baffle consumers  will run more companies out of business in the nascent music  download market than will head-to-head competition, one of the  lead creators of MP3 playback technology warned on Wednesday.
Rockets Kill 2 Israeli Boys; Raids Kill 6 Palestinians  SDEROT, Israel (Reuters) - Palestinian militants eluding an  army crackdown killed two Israeli children in a rocket attack  from Gaza on Wednesday and troops killed six Palestinians in  raids in the coastal strip and the West Bank.
Tussle at the Top Not so long ago many Western CEOs couldn #39;t even say what the renminbi was, much less whether it should appreciate. Today China #39;s currency, also known as the yuan, is all the buzz.
44 N.Koreans Break Into Canada's Beijing Embassy  BEIJING (Reuters) - A group of 44 North Korean asylum  seekers used makeshift ladders to scale the fence and leap into  the Canadian embassy in Beijing on Wednesday, officials said.
EU chiefs to discuss asylum camps European Justice and Home Affairs ministers are to start talks on whether asylum seekers could be processed outside the EU.
World growth highest since 1973 The world's economy should grow at its fastest rate in 30 years in 2004, despite rising oil prices, the IMF says.
Stewart to Serve Time in West Virginia NEW YORK - Martha Stewart, convicted of lying about a stock sale, has been ordered to serve her sentence at the federal prison in Alderson, W.Va.    Stewart had asked to serve her five-month sentence in Danbury, Conn., close to her 90-year-old mother and her home in Westport, or as a second choice in Coleman, Fla...
Stocks Are Mixed on Latest GDP Reading NEW YORK - Stocks were narrowly mixed Wednesday as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product, while keeping a close eye on falling oil prices.    Investors saw the Commerce Department report, which said the nation's GDP grew 3.3 percent from April to June, as fairly good news, with a few caveats...
Two Sentenced to Death for USS Cole Attack SAN'A, Yemen - A Yemeni judge sentenced two men to death and four others to prison terms ranging from five to 10 years Wednesday, the first convictions and sentences for the 2000 suicide bombing of the USS Cole, an attack blamed on Osama bin Laden's terror network.    Saudi-born Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, who is in U.S...
Large Asteroid Safely Zooms By Earth Jet Propulsion Lab -- A mountain-sized asteroid made its closest approach to Earth at 6:35 a.m. Pacific Time (9:35 a.m...
Rocket Attack Kills Israeli Child An Israeli child was killed by a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants on Wednesday, an Israeli rescue service said.
Foodland shares placed on trading halt SYDNEY: Shares in Australian grocery food chain Foodland Associated Ltd were placed in a trading halt on Monday after a takeover offer from Metcash Trading Ltd.
Briefly: Circuit City picks up AT T Net phone plan roundup Plus: Tech firms rally against copyright bill...Apple .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches...Alvarion expands wireless broadband in China.
Crude Oil Price Hits \$50 Mark The Minister of Energy, Dr. Paa Kwesi Nduom, has said government policy on the subsidy of ex-pump prices of petroleum products would remain unchanged even though crude oil price has topped the psychological milestone of \$50 per barrel last Tuesday for the 
World Bank says RP suffers from poor image among foreign investors The countrys rich natural resources and skilled workforce, coupled with improved business climate, could turn the Philippines into an investment haven in Asia, but, so far, the trouble-plagued country has failed to communicate these qualities 
Economic Growth Better Than Thought The US economy grew faster in the second quarter than previously thought as business inventories rose at the strongest rate in four years, the government said on 
New charges for HealthSouth ex-CEO Scrushy faces fewer counts for role in accounting scandal after grand jury consolidates old charges. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A federal grand jury Wednesday consolidated charges against HealthSouth Corp.
Jamdat shares up 45 percent in first day of trade Shares of wireless game maker Jamdat Mobile Inc. (JMDT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose as much as 45 percent on Wednesday in their first trading day, boosted by investors betting 
India Added To Windows XP Starter Edition Roster Designed as a result of Microsofts ongoing collaborations with international governments, Windows XP Starter Edition Pilot Program is part of Microsofts comprehensive commitment to enable individuals, communities and countries to gain access to the 
Security Watch Letter: Inside the JPEG Virus The end of summer lull for viruses and worms continues. We #39;re still seeing new versions of RBots, and a new Bagle, but nothing with teeth.
Apple software to help garage bands jam Digital musicians will have a few new riffs for their virtual production boards, at least those using the latest Apple software. Apple Computer on Wednesday announced new versions of its pro and midrange digital 
HD-DVD Standard Earns Approval The DVD Forum has approved the physical disc specifications for the rewritable version of HD-DVDs (High Definition/High Density-DVDs), taking the format an important step nearer to mass production.
Philadelphia Goes Wireless Since April, baseball fans attending San Francisco Giants home games at SBC Park have enjoyed wireless internet access if they bring a portable computer with them.
Soccer: Rooney is dazzling in his United debut For about \$20, you can tour the Theater of Dreams and inhale the history of Manchester United in its Old Trafford Stadium. For \$10 more, you could join the waiting list for a seat on match days - and witness the new arrival Wayne Rooney.
FACTBOX-Luigi Del Neri factbox - After a modest playing career in Serie A and B with Spal, Foggia, Novara and Udinese, Del Neri takes up his first coaching job in August 1990 with Teramo in Serie C2, Italy #39;s fourth division.
Chiefs suddenly struggling in red zone To the expanding litany of woes that has plagued the winless Kansas City Chiefs through the first three weeks of the 2004 campaign, a spate of unexpected problems that extends far beyond 
Norwegian pilots land plane after axe attack by passenger OSLO (AFP) - A seemingly unstable passenger attacked two pilots aboard a Norwegian passenger plane with an axe but the aircraft was later able to land, amid concerns over lax security on the country #39;s local flights and at regional airports.
Israel stays silent as  #39;spy #39; pair leave NZ Israel is maintaining its silence over an alleged spy scandal as it prepares to receive two men deported from New Zealand for passport fraud.
Palestinian Rocket Kills 2 in Israeli Town A Palestinian rocket hit an Israeli town near the Gaza Strip on Wednesday, killing two people, according to Israeli media. Soon after, witnesses said an Israeli helicopter launched a strike near a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza.
Rodman to Play in Mexico on NBA Comeback Trail  MONTERREY, Mexico (Reuters) - Retired basketball great  Dennis Rodman is to play two games with a Mexican league side  next month as part of his slow-burn campaign to return to the  NBA.
Oil Falls Below \$49 on Nigeria Cease-Fire  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid from record highs above  \$50 a barrel on Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a  surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's  oil-rich delta region agreed a temporary cease-fire.
Conoco Invests in Russia Oil Major LUKOIL  MOSCOW (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips won a \$2 billion stake in  Russia's LUKOIL and said it aimed to raise that to 20 percent  in a sweeping alliance that allows the two oil majors to tap  vast reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.
Martha Stewart Going to W.Va. Prison  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Homemaking icon Martha Stewart will  serve her five-month jail sentence for lying about a suspicious  stock sale at a minimum security prison in West Virginia she  said on Wednesday.
IBM Claims Fastest Computer The company's Blue Gene/L System beats out Japan's Earth Simulator.  Also: Microsoft releases Hindi Windows XP in India   hellip;.The Sims 2 sells more than a million copies   hellip;. and more.
First Google ratings show search engine revved up Five Wall Street firms that helped take Google Inc public started investment coverage of the internet search engine on Tuesday, giving it their highest stock ratings and predicting substantial gains.
Microsoft Releases Low-Cost Windows XP for India a pilot program targeting first-time and beginning computer users -- comes on the heels of a similar customized version for Russia.
Porn JPEG Virus will Hijack your PC #39;s Hackers are using porn images posted on Usenet newsgroups to take advantage of the flaw in Microsoft programs regarding JPEGs. An overflow occurs in the GDI JPEG decoder from malicious code in the JPEG.
Toutatis Safely Passes the Earth Summary - (Sep 29, 2004) As predicted, Asteroid Toutatis made its closest approach to the Earth today, passing a mere 1.5 million km (930,000 miles) away from our planet - 4 times the distance from the Earth to the Moon.
Microsoft open-sources Web authoring application SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Continuing its flirtation with open-source, Microsoft Corp. on Monday posted the code of a little-known collaboration application to open-source development site SourceForge.
Giants #39; rookie faces biggest game of career Unbeaten and coming off his second career complete game, rookie Noah Lowry will try to continue his brilliant pitching when the playoff-hopeful San Francisco Giants wrap up a three-game series with the San Diego Padres.
Rock credentials fail to cool protest anger Even Peter Garrett, former rock star and one-time darling of Greens and the Left, could not escape the fury of demonstrators as he arrived for the official launch of Labor #39;s election campaign in Brisbane yesterday.
Sudan #39;s southern rebel leader warns govt against delay in final &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The leader of Sudan #39;s southern rebels on Wednesday warned that delaying a final accord to end the 21-year-old southern rebellion could lead to the disintegration of the country.
Greek airliner resumes flight A Greek airliner diverted to Ireland by a bomb threat resumed its flight to New York after a search did not find anything suspicious onboard.
Three small bombs explode in Turkey, no injuries Two small bombs exploded in front of branches of the British HSBC Bank in Turkey on Tuesday and a third blast hit a Turkish-American Association in the capital Ankara, Anatolian news agency reported.
CL Preview: Bayern - Ajax Match of the week in the Champions #39; League features two clubs that have won eight Champions #39; Cups between them, the powerhouses of Germany and the Netherlands, Bayern Munich versus Ajax Amsterdam.
Saudi Edict Bans Mobile Phone Cameras (AP) AP - Saudi Arabia's highest religious authority has barred the use of mobile phones with built-in cameras, blaming them for "spreading obscenity."
SpaceShipOne Completes First of Two X Prize Flights (Update1) SpaceShipOne, financed by Microsoft Corp. co-founder Paul Allen and built by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan, rocketed 62 miles over the California desert, completing the first half of 
Cut-down Windows XP released in India Microsoft has developed a cut-down version of Windows XP with a Hindi interface for the Indian market. The Indian version, which will be available early next year, will also feature help and training in Hindi.
Intel unveils latest mobile chip Intel today launched its latest mobile Pentium chip designed for use in high-end desktop replacement laptops. The Pentium 4M 548 runs at 3.33GHz with 1MB Level 2 cache, and is built around Intel #39;s latest 90nanometre technology.
Tennis: Roddick Reaches Second Round of Thailand Open Second seed Andy Roddick of the United States has easily reached the second round of the Thailand Open tennis tournament in Bangkok with a straight-set win over Arvind Parmar of Britain, 6-1, 6-4.
Rider Sainct killed in Egypt crash PARIS, France -- French motorcycle rider Richard Sainct, who won the Paris-Dakar rally three times, has been killed in a crash in the Pharaohs Rally in Egypt.
North Texas star running back Patrick Cobbs out for season DENTON, Texas North Texas has shut down star running back Patrick Cobbs for the season. Mean Green coach Darrell Dickey says Cobbs will take a redshirt this season and return to the team as a fifth-year senior next season.
Italy debates the cost of freeing hostages Euphoria still lingers in the air after the triumphant homecoming of two Italian aid workers held hostage in Iraq. But concern intensified 
Tense Moments During Trailblazing Private Space Flight (SPACE.com) SPACE.com -  quot;My heart stopped \  here on the ground. quot;\  -- Erik Lindbergh
Expedition Turns Up Life on Pseudo-Mars (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - An international team of scientists has found life on a Norwegian island.  No surprises there, but the successful field test of a collection of life-detection instruments may be a stepping stone for future endeavors to sniff out life on Mars.
Electronic Back-Seat Driver System to Be Tested  Australian scientists have invented an electronic driver's  assistant system, similar to the back-seat driver who forever  points out road signs and warns against speeding.
ConocoPhillips wins LUKoil stake in historic auction MOSCOW : US oil major ConocoPhillips bought a 7.6-percent government stake in Russia #39;s second-largest producer LUKoil for nearly two billion dollars in the nation #39;s largest post-Soviet privatization deal.
HUD Secretary Comments on Fannie Mae WASHINGTON - It #39;s up to the board of Fannie Mae to decide whether top managers should be removed in the wake of the mortgage giant #39;s accounting crisis, HUD Secretary Alphonso Jackson said Wednesday.
Martha Stewart to serve time in West Virginia Martha Stewart is heading for  quot;Camp Cupcake. quot; She will serve her five-month prison term at a West Virginia facility, not one in Connecticut or Florida, as she had hoped.
Alcan spinoff Novelis will have \$2.8 billion US in debt MONTREAL (CP) - Alcan Inc. #39;s rolled-products division will be saddled with a debt of \$2.8 billion US as it becomes a separate company under the name Novelis, says a preliminary prospectus.
SpaceShipOne completes first flight in X Prize pursuit Several St. Louis business people were on hand Wednesday to witness SpaceShipOne #39;s first attempt in its effort to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
New York Mets call news conference for Thursday; expected to hire &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The New York Mets plan to make a major announcement Thursday amid reports they are planning to hire Omar Minaya from the Montreal Expos as head of baseball operations.
Soccer: Del Neri appointed Roma coach ROME : Luigi Del Neri has been appointed coach of AS Roma, the troubled Serie A club confirmed. Del Neri arrived here Wednesday morning and went immediately to the home of Roma president Franco Sensi to iron out last minute details of the contract.
Rogers wins time trial at road cycling worlds Australia #39;s Michael Rogers won the elite-division time trial Wednesday at the road cycling World Championships, defending the title he was awarded earlier this month after 2003 winner David Millar of Britain was stripped of his gold medal for doping.
Nigeria Militia Leader Says Deal Reached ABUJA, Nigeria Sept. 29, 2004 - The leader of militia fighters threatening to widen a battle for control of Nigeria #39;s oil-rich south said Wednesday he agreed to a tentative deal with President Olusegun Obasanjo 
UN Wants African Monitors in Darfur Camps African monitors should deploy in camps to help protect the almost 1.5 million people displaced by the conflict in Darfur and should also monitor police to help build 
IBM claims supercomputer speed record The Blue Gene/L system performed just over 36,000 billion calculations a second during tests at IBM #39;s Rochester office in Minnesota, the company announced on 29 September.
Kmart finalizes sale of 50 stores to Sears Kmart Holding Corp. has finalized the sale of 50 of its stores to Sears, Roebuck and Co. for \$575 million, the retailer said Wednesday.
U.N. Wants African Monitors in Darfur Camps  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - African monitors should deploy in  camps to help protect the almost 1.5 million people displaced  by the conflict in Darfur and should also monitor police to  help build trust with the local community, the United Nations  said on Wednesday.
Craft reaches edge of space A MANNED private rocketship burst through the Earth #39;s atmosphere into space today after a hair-raising ascent, putting it half-way towards winning a \$US10 million (\$13.
Low-Cost Versions of Windows XP Unveiled Microsoft Corp. is removing features and cutting prices in India for a special version of its Windows XP operating system to tap the large market potential in a country where only about 1 percent of the 1 billion people own computers.
Kenya prison conditions slammed Kenya's Human Rights Commission criticises conditions at Meru jail where seven prisoners have died.
'Men fled' from bridge death spot Murder trial witnesses say they heard screams and saw men running from where a British backpacker was found dead.
Oil Below \$50 on Nigerian Cease-Fire  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid from record highs above  \$50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a  surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's  oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire.
Computer Associates to Cut 800 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Software maker Computer Associates  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt;on Wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of  its work force, in one of its biggest cost cutting efforts amid  weaker demand and falling prices for software and services.
IBM reclaims world supercomputing title The United States today reclaimed the lead in global supercomputing more than two years after Japans Earth Simulator shook the computing world by claiming the top spot.
Sears closes on Kmart stores Sears Roebuck and Co. has closed the acquisition of ownership or leasehold interest in 50 stores from Kmart Holding Corp., including one location on Oahu, the Chicago retailer said Wednesday.
SpaceShipOne Rolls During Flight To Space SpaceShipOne, on a quest to win \$10 million, spun unexpectedly as it rocketed toward space Wednesday, but apparently went into space for the second time.
Earth #39;s  #39;hum #39; springs from stormy seas An enigmatic humming sound made by the Earth may be caused by the planets stormy seas, suggests a new analysis. Japanese seismologists first described the Earths humming signal in 1998.
Apple introduces two new Garageband Jam Packs Apple has introduced two new Jam Packs for its popular GarageBand consumer music creation software today. These two new packs offer new instruments and loops for different genres.
Golf: Shoulder injury casts doubts over Woods KILKENNY, Ireland : Tiger Woods is doubtful for this week #39;s World Golf Championships event in Ireland after injuring a shoulder in a fall.
Safin sights Houston with Thai win Former world No 1 Marat Safin stormed into the second round of the Thailand Open on Wednesday with a confident 6-2, 6-3 win over Israel #39;s Noam Okun.
Rogers wins world TT title Reigning world time trial champion Michael Rogers of Australia successfully defended his crown here at the world road race championships Wednesday.
Hope in journalists #39; release THE French government remained tight-lipped today about the fate of two French journalists abducted over a month ago in Iraq as the release of up to 10 hostages there raised fresh hopes that they could be freed.
Gilberto out with back injury Arsenal #39;s Brazilian midfielder Gilberto will be sidelined for at least a month with a back injury according to a club report.  quot;Gilberto is out.
Chechen pair held over journalist #39;s murder MOSCOW: Police have arrested two Chechen suspects in connection with the murder of journalist Paul Klebnikov, the editor of Forbes magazine #39;s Russian edition, who was shot in an apparent contract killing in July.
Conoco Phillips buys 7.6 in Lukoil for \$2 bn Front-runner Conoco Phillips today won the auction for 7.6 per cent of Russian oil and gas group Lukoil, bidding some \$2 billion, in a deal that also takes the US group into a joint venture to exploit the Timan-Pechora area of Russia.
Travelzoo Shares Rally After Offering Rumor Fades The bears are growling again inside Travelzoo.com Inc. (TZOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research). Shares of the Internet travel site soared on Wednesday after plunging more than 20 percent a day earlier.
Private Space Ship Lands Safely, Nears Prize SpaceShipOne landed safely on Wednesday in the California desert after a wild corkscrew-like ascent into space, and is now a step closer to a 
Microsoft, Amazon Take Phishers to Court Microsoft and Amazon.com have joined forces against perpetrators of phishing scams, filing a lawsuit against a Canadian company that they say ran a spamming campaign using Microsoft #39;s Hotmail services and forging Amazon #39;s name.
Rodman could have a place here, after all There are exactly 18.7 reasons why Dennis Rodman thinks he can play in the NBA again. The Worm is much older now, less energetic and physically not what he used to be.
Delta Cuts to Run Desperate times call for desperate measures. In Delta #39;s (NYSE: DAL) case, that #39;s now, according to CEO Gerald Grinstein. In a memo to employees yesterday, Grinstein announced 
Sears buys two local Kmart stores Two closed Kmart stores in the Tampa Bay area are among 50 nationwide acquired by Sears, Roebuck and Co. in a \$576-million deal announced Wednesday.
US Economy: Growth Slowed Less Than Expected in 2nd Quarter The US economy slowed less than previously estimated in the second quarter as exports and inventories grew, revised numbers from the government show.
Private rocketship goes to space and back : MOJAVE, United States (AFP - A private manned rocketship blasted through the Earth #39;s atmosphere into space after a hair-raising corkscrew ascent on a flight aimed at capturing a 10-million-dollar prize.
Microsoft Reveals More Intellectual Property Microsoft today released its third open-source offering called the FlexiWiki project on SourceForge.net. FlexWiki is a collaborative web-based authoring environment implemented on the Microsoft .
Special to ESPN.com Who better to talk about the Yankees-Red Sox rivalry than Tom Gordon, who calls his days in Boston among his happiest in the game.
Campbell starts for Gunners in Norway Sol Campbell started his second game in the space of five days when he lined up in the Arsenal defence for tonights Champions League encounter with Rosenborg in Norway.
Darfur is All About Talk And No Action LISTENING to the saber-rattling emanating from western countries that are angry about the humanitarian crisis in the western Sudan region of Darfur, one would conclude that strong international action is about to be carried out on behalf of the more than 
Kmart wraps sale of 50 stores to Sears (AFP) AFP - Kmart Holding Corporation, parent company of the discount retail chain, said it had finalized the sale of 50 stores to Sears, Roebuck and Co for 575.9 million dollars in cash.
Update 2: IMF Predicts Strongest Growth in 3 Decades The world economy this year should post its best growth in three decades even though oil prices are up sharply and economic activity in the United States probably will be slower than previously thought.
The more the Red Sox and Cubs talk about it, the worse it gets I #39;m pleased to report that you #39;ve heeded my anguished cry for thoughtful commentary and staved off my insidious plan to write a treatise on Keynesian economics.
Workers at four hotels in San Francisco go on strike Unionized workers at four San Francisco hotels went on strike Wednesday morning. A union leader called the walkout  quot;a wake-up call quot; for hotels to stimulate stalled talks.
Japan expected to remain quiet on yuan TOKYOWhen the United States demands at this week #39;s Group of Seven meeting that China loosen its grip on the yuan, Japan is expected to say little and try to avoid being drawn into the debate between the country #39;s two biggest trading partners.
Space Flight Bumpy, But Successful (CBS/AP) The first private manned rocket to reach space soared toward the edge of the atmosphere again in an unexpectedly bumpy ride Wednesday in the first half of a bid to earn a \$10 million prize.
Lynch set for return to Tampa It #39;s not quite Raymond Bourque returning to Boston in a Colorado Avalanche sweater, but it #39;s close. Put it this way: if John Lynch gets another Super Bowl 
Low-Cost Versions of Windows XP Unveiled (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. is removing features and cutting prices in India for a special version of its Windows XP operating system to tap the large market potential in a country where only about 1 percent of the 1 billion people own computers.
VoIP, Inc. Seeking To Partner with Cable Firms (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Voice-over-Internet provider VoIP, Inc. says it is in talks with some 70 smaller cable companies to provide them with wholesale Internet or VoIP-based phone service plans.
Munich To Make Linux Migration Official (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A year after announcing it would migrate its Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows-run computers to Linux, the German city of Munich is expected to make the migration official. The city's council has scheduled a vote, which is anticipated to kick off the next phase of the Linux move.
Salesforce.com expands call center support (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - NEW YORK - Hosted CRM (customer relationship management) evangelist Salesforce.com Inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer-service support functionality, launching a new Web site at Supportforce.com and announcing a batch of partnerships with top call center infrastructure vendors.
Strong Quake Rattles Tiny California Town (Reuters) Reuters - A strong earthquake and over 200\aftershocks struck central California on Tuesday, rattling a\large chunk of the state along the San Andreas Fault, but\causing little significant damage.
Branson Dumps Cyberspace on Road to Outer Space (Reuters) Reuters - Richard Branson is abandoning cyberspace\as he heads for outer space.
Bush and Kerry Gear Up for First Debate (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and\Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday wrapped up\practice sessions for their first debate with each side\claiming the other faced the tougher challenge.
Rival Uses Bin Laden Ad to Attack Murray (AP) AP - Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., has "a different view of Osama bin Laden," her campaign rival charged Wednesday in an attack ad that uses a picture of the al-Qaida leader and the senator's words to challenge her credentials in the war on terror.
SpaceShipOne Successfully Soars Into Space Again By JOHN ANTCZAK     MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) -- The first private manned rocket recovered from a wild corkscrew roll on its ascent to soar to space and back Wednesday in a bid to earn a \$10 million prize...
Powell to Visit Brazil, Talk With Leaders Secretary of State Colin Powell will visit Brazil Oct. 6-8 for talks with officials on Latin American issues and other topics.
Parade of Hurricanes Erode Florida Beaches By BILL KACZOR     PENSACOLA, Fla. (AP) -- Many of Florida's beaches have taken on a different look after this year's parade of hurricanes finished shifting, eroding or completely relocating tons of sand...
Cendant Makes Its Move on Diller By nabbing Orbitz in a pricey deal, Henry Silverman #39;s outfit will now go head-to-head against InterActiveCorp in online travel.
Briefly: Microsoft boosts reporting tools roundup Plus: Circuit City picks up AT #38;T Net phone plan...Tech firms rally against copyright bill...Apple .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches.
Patriots Say They're Focused on Bills (AP) AP - Don't mention the streak within the confines of Gillette Stadium. The New England Patriots take a string of 17 straight victories into Sunday's game against the Buffalo Bills. A win at Ralph Wilson Stadium would make them the sixth NFL team to win 18 straight, including playoff games.
Air Force, Navy to Play in Iraq War Shadow (AP) AP - Hype from the media, fans, players and coaches can make a college football game seem like a life-or-death situation. Not at the service academies.
Microsoft boosts reporting tools Microsoft issues free tools to create business reports its Exchange and customer relationship management applications.
Trend Micro Gives Away Mobile Antivirus App Experts say viruses don't pose a serious risk to handheld devices--yet.
SpaceShipOne completes first flight in \$10M prize pursuit SpaceShipOne, the Paul Allen-backed venture that #39;s attempting to take paying passengers into suborbital space for the first time, has completed the first leg of its effort to win a \$10 million prize.
Clijsters Makes Winning Return to Tour (AP) AP - Former top-ranked player Kim Clijsters made a winning return to the tour Wednesday, shaking off five months of rustiness to beat Iveta Benesova 7-6 (3), 6-2 and moving into the quarterfinals of the Gaz de France Stars tournament.
Culpepper highlights NFC Players of the Week New York, NY (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings quarterback Daunte Culpepper, Seattle Seahawks cornerback Ken Lucas and New Orleans Saints kicker John Carney were named NFC Offensive, Defensive and Special Teams Players of the Week, respectively, for 
Dalmiya gets Pawar run out on last ball KOLKATA: Weeks of suspense, a final day packed with drama, and in the best potboiler tradition, it all boiled down to the last few moments.
Del Neri replaces Voeller Rome - AS Roma hired Luigi Del Neri as coach on Wednesday to replace Rudi Voeller, who resigned last Sunday. The 54-year-old Italian coach and Roma officials agreed on a two-year contract, but terms were not immediately disclosed.
CSKA beat PSG 2-0 in Moscow CSKA Moscow beat Paris St Germain 2-0 in a scrappy Champions League encounter on Wednesday to move temporarily to the top of Group H. Sergei Semak put the Russians ahead with a 
Nigeria rebel leader cites deal A rebel leader who had threatened to attack multinational oil interests in Nigeria says he and President Olusegun Obasanjo have agreed that rebel and government troops will stop firing on each other immediately.
Clijsters Wins on Comeback  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian Kim Clijsters made a  successful return from a long absence Wednesday, overcoming  dogged Czech Iveta Benesova 7-6, 6-2 in the second round of the  Belgian Open.
Linksys, Verizon team on Net telephony Verizon will use Linksys phone adapters for its VoIP service, as the market for placing calls over the Net picks up momentum.
Microsoft focuses on camera connections Software giant announces new tools for plugging digital cameras into PCs.
Digital photo album bypasses PCs SanDisk's media player can be connected directly to a TV set to display still images and video clips taken by digital cameras.
Salesforce.com expands call center support NEW YORK - Hosted CRM (customer relationship management) evangelist Salesforce.com Inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer-service support functionality, launching a new Web site at Supportforce.com and announcing a batch of partnerships with top call center infrastructure vendors.
Lycos Pulls Antispam Screensaver Application that claimed to "spam the spammers" caused much controversy.
Saudi Arabia Bans Mobile Phone Cameras By ABDULLAH SHIHRI    RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) -- Saudi Arabia's highest religious authority has barred the use of mobile phones with built-in cameras, blaming them for "spreading obscenity."    The edict, which follows a failed ban on the sale and import of the wildly popular devices, is the most sweeping attempt by any nation to prevent the voyeurism invited by the new technology.    Camera-equipped phones have caught on fast in parts of Asia, Europe and the Middle East - particularly in oil-rich Gulf countries - prompting complaints about privacy in places where people undress, "theft" of reading materials at book stores and newsstands, and corporate espionage by employees...
Video Cameras at Movies May Be Criminalized By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed Tuesday by the House.    The legislation, called the Piracy Deterrence and Education Act, also would make it easier for the Justice Department to prosecute Internet users who illegally distribute large amounts of music and other copyrighted works...
Oil Ends Below \$50 on Nigerian Ceasefire  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid from record highs  above \$50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a  surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's  oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire with  the government.
ConocoPhillips Buys \$2 Billion Stake in Lukoil The purchase, which ConocoPhillips, the American energy conern, made at an auction today for the Russian government's stake in Lukoil, sets the stage for projects in Iraq.
Google News Biased? Can Algorithms Take Sides? Google News Biased? Can Algorithms Take Sides?\\Danny Sullivan posted a thread at SEW forums named News Search  #038; Biases, where he points to an article written at OJR.org named Balancing Act: How News Portals Serve Up Political Stories. This blew my mind.\\The article discusses how Google News seems to be ...
Wal-Mart to take biggest hit from S amp;P index shift NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Wal-Mart Stores will experience the most negative impact from a plan for Standard  amp; Poor #39;s to shift the composition of key index benchmarks over a phased, year-long transition, analysts said Wednesday.
Amazon, Microsoft Suit Caps Busy Two Weeks Microsoft and Amazon.com are teaming up to sue a Canadian-based company that they say ran a phishing scheme.  quot;They are going to crush this guy legally, quot; Panda Software CTO Patrick Hinojosa Hinojosa gleefully observes.
Study: As much as 50 of Viagra sold online is fake (National) Sept. 29, 2004 - A British study shows as much as half of the Viagra sold on the Internet is not the real thing. Some of the pills have totally different ingredients.
Q9 Networks Inc. to open Brampton, Ont., data centre after \$13M &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Q9 Networks Inc., a provider of outsourced Internet services, says it will open a high-security data centre in Brampton, Ont.
Nothing like Tito at the Garden The gestures are simple enough, but they speak volumes. A single fist, followed by an extended index finger to signify  quot;number one, and a smile that seems out of place in such a violent sport.
Forget the streak, Patriots say they #39;re focused on Buffalo The New England Patriots take a string of 17 straight victories into Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills. A win at Ralph Wilson Stadium would make them the sixth NFL team to win 18 straight, including playoff games.
Paralympians warmly welcomed home Britain #39;s Paralympians returned home to a warm welcome after arriving at Gatwick airport on Wednesday. Team GB finished second in the table, behind China, with 94 medals - 35 of which were gold.
IBM reclaims top supercomputer crown for U.S. (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - For the first time since 2002, Japan #39;s Earth Simulator is not the most powerful supercomputer on the planet.
Belo to Cut 250 Jobs, Completes Circulation Probe Belo Corp. said on Wednesday it would cut more than 3 percent of its work force, mostly at its Dallas Morning News, which is grappling with a recent scandal into inflated circulation data provided to advertisers.
Martha Stewart assigned to West Virginia prison Martha Stewart will do her time farther from home than she had hoped, at a remote West Virginia prison where inmates sleep in bunk beds and rise at 6 am to do menial labor for pennies an hour.
UPDATE 1-Wal-Mart sets \$10 billion share repurchase plan Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s top retailer, on Wednesday said its board of directors authorized a \$10 billion stock repurchase plan, replacing a \$7 billion share buyback program.
HP Gets Extended Nokia IT Pact Hewlett-Packard Co., a maker of computers and office equipment that also provides information technology services, said on Wednesday that it will provide the world #39;s largest cell phone maker, Nokia Corp.
IBM spices up corporate search com September 29, 2004, 12:45 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
US has no objection to NKorea delaying nuclear talks until after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : The United States said it had no objection to North Korea wanting to resume six-party talks on ending the Korean nuclear crisis after the November 2 US presidential elections.
Argentina School Shooting Victims Buried Hundreds of mourners marched in a southern Argentina funeral cortege Wednesday for two of the three students gunned down by their teenage classmate in the nation #39;s worst school shooting on record.
Ubuntu, a promising new Linux distribution The past month has introduced an interesting new distribution that is based on the Gnome and Debian projects.  nbsp;Ubuntu Linux is the end-user-oriented distribution funded by Mark Shuttleworth's company Canonical.  nbsp;
ConocoPhillips Buys Lukoil Stake for \$1.99 Billion (Update12) ConocoPhillips will buy 7.6 percent of OAO Lukoil from Russia for \$1.99 billion and may raise that stake, expanding its access to the world #39;s largest oil- and gas- producing country as energy prices surge.
Martha Stewart to Serve Time in West Virginia artha Stewart #39;s prison stay for lying about a stock sale will take her to West Virginia, farther from home for the holidays, she said today, than she had hoped.
Rochester Business Journal Eastman Kodak Co. and Lexar Media Inc. have expanded digital media card offerings with new Kodak picture cards. Lexar will distribute and market Kodak xD-Picture Cards through both companies global retail 
JPEG Attack Watch Continues Windows #39; JPEG vulnerability could be exploited by using Internet Explorer, a security firm claimed Wednesday, making the threat a potentially  quot;devastating quot; one.
Winter storms source of Earth #39;s hum: geologists LONDON - The Earth #39;s silent hum is created by interactions between the atmosphere, ocean and sea floor, researchers say. Planet Earth produces a deep, low frequency rumble far below the limit of human hearing.
Consortium Works on Network Interoperability A new international group of defense contractors and systems integrators plans to accelerate increased interoperability in network systems that serve the military, first responders and, eventually, commercial users.
Dope-tainted lifters banned for life by IOA THE INDIAN Olympic Association on Wednesday slapped life bans on tainted weightlifters Pratima Kumari and Sanamacha Chanu who were caught cheating at the Athens Olympics.
Montreal Expos Fans Set to Bid Adieu to Team Fans of the Montreal Expos prepared to bid adieu on Wednesday, as Canada #39;s first big league baseball team appeared set to move to Washington.
Western Illinois football players charged in burglary, suspended Two Western Illinois football players were suspended from the team Wednesday after being charged in a weekend burglary. Defensive back William Penn and defensive lineman Michael Black were each charged with 
Group Enters Canadian Embassy in Beijing (AP) AP - Forty-three men, women and children using ladders clambered over a spiked fence around the Canadian Embassy on Wednesday in what appeared to be the biggest recent bid for asylum by North Koreans. One other man was stopped by police.
RCMP officer was a rookie when abused woman was shot by her husband (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BURNABY, B.C. (CP) - The RCMP officer who investigated a spousal abuse complaint from a woman who was later gunned down by her husband was a rookie with only six months on the job, a coroner's inquest heard Wednesday.
House Votes to End Handgun Ban in D.C. (AP) AP - The House voted Wednesday to end a 28-year ban on handgun ownership in the nation's capital, brushing aside pleas from city officials concerned about a surge in violence and more heavily armed criminals.
IBM spices up corporate search Masala, an add-on to IBM's DB2 database, queries far-flung info sources on company networks.
IBM claims fastest supercomputer title--for now New Silicon Graphics machine has a chance at giving Big Blue a run for the title.
Study:  #39;Phishing #39; scams net \$500 million Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Lee Hits Grand Slam, White Sox Beat Tigers (AP) AP - Carlos Lee hit a grand slam and a two-run homer and Freddy Garcia pitched seven scoreless innings to lead the Chicago White Sox past the Detroit Tigers 11-2 Wednesday.
One Flight Down, One To Go for SpaceShipOne Pilot Mike Melvill flew SpaceShipOne to the designated altitude, but on the return to Earth the craft rolled more than 30 times, causing concern on the ground.
Bills' Losman May Practice in Two Weeks (AP) AP - Rookie quarterback J.P. Losman threw his first practice passes for the Buffalo Bills since breaking his left leg last month, and anticipates being cleared for contact within three weeks.
Clijsters comes back from long layoff to make winning return Former top-ranked player Kim Clijsters made a winning return to the tour Wednesday, shaking off five months of rustiness to beat Iveta Benesova 7-6 (3), 6-2 and moving into the quarterfinals of the Gaz de France Stars tournament.
Dakar legend Sainct killed in Egypt. It has been regretfully announced that three-times Rally Dakar winner Richard Sainct was killed today (Wednesday) while competing in Rally Egypt.
Sudan bows to pressure, allows AU to monitor police in Darfur &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KHARTOUM (AFP) - Sudan bowed to mounting pressure over the crisis in Darfur and agreed to allow African Union forces to monitor the activities of its police in camps for displaced persons in the region.
WIU Football Players Charged in Burglary (AP) AP - Two Western Illinois football players were suspended from the team Wednesday after being charged in a weekend burglary.
Study: 'Phishing' scams net \$500 million Scams that use spoofed Web sites of banks and other trusted bodies pulled in a majority of U.S. surfers, a survey has found.
Treasuries Fall as Investors Take Profits (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a\second straight session on Wednesday as buyers' resistance to\higher prices spawned a wave of profit-taking.
Oil Ends Below \$50 on Nigerian Cease-Fire  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid from record highs  above \$50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a  surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's  oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire with  the government.
Treasuries Fall as Investors Take Profits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a  second straight session on Wednesday as buyers' resistance to  higher prices spawned a wave of profit-taking.
U.S. Stocks End Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced on Wednesday as  Internet and semiconductor companies led technology shares  higher and crude oil retreated from record high prices.
Dallas Morning News to Lose Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Belo Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLC.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday  it would cut more than 3 percent of its work force, mostly at  its Dallas Morning News, which is grappling with a recent  scandal into inflated circulation data provided to advertisers.
Oil Ends Below \$50 on Nigerian Ceasefire Oil prices slid from record highs above \$50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire with the government.
McCormick Keeps It Spicy The spice and seasoning manufacturer beats third-quarter earnings and reaffirms guidance.
IMF Optimistic on World Economic Growth The International Monetary Fund says the world economy is growing at the fastest past in three decades, but in its semi-annual report the international lender says growth is likely to slow in 2005.
Hotel franchisor acquires Orbitz In a deal combining two travel industry powerhouses, hotel franchisor and real estate service company Cendant Corp. agreed to acquire Internet travel agency Orbitz Inc.
Economy stronger in second quarter than previous estimate The economy grew at a faster pace this spring than previously thought, but was at its weakest level in more than a year, providing ammunition to both candidates in the final weeks of the presidential race.
American Greetings reinstates dividend Greeting card maker American Greetings Corp. has reinstated its quarterly dividend after three years, as the company swings to profitability.
Apple intros Logic Pro 7, Logic Express 7, Jam Packs Apple on Wednesday announced Logic Pro 7 and Logic Express 7, the newest major releases of the company #39;s pro music creation and audio production software.
Baseball returns to Washington; Expos relocated to DC Baseball is returning to the nation #39;s capital for the first time in 33 years, in the form of the Montreal Expos. Expos president Tony Tavares said Major League Baseball told him Wednesday his team was moving 
Aussie Michael Rogers wins time trial at road cycling worlds BARDOLINO, Italy (CP) - Michael Rogers of Australia won the elite-division time trail Wednesday at the world road cycling championships, repeating his delayed victory from last year.
Culpepper Named NFC Offensive Player Of The Week Minnesota Vikings quarterback Daunte Culpepper has been named the NFC Offensive Player of the Week. It #39;s the second time this season Culpepper has won that honor, and the fifth time in his career.
Kidnappers treat  quot;well with a lot of respect quot; during captivity ROME, Sept 29 (AFP):One of two Italian women released after three weeks captivity in Iraq said she was ready to go back to the war-wracked country to continue her aid work, and told of being given sweets by her kidnappers as a farewell gift.
Analyst boosts retailer #39;s rating to  #39;buy #39; NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Bank of America Monday upgraded Wal-Mart, citing valuation and its belief that higher energy costs have no negative surprise factor for the retailing behemoth.
IBM Settles Pension Suit, to Take Charge International Business Machines Corp. has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of \$320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said on Wednesday.
Researchers Using DNA to Help Stop Elephant Poaching Despite a 1989 ban on the slaughter of elephants for their tusks, the illegal ivory trade is as brisk as ever. In an effort to step up efforts to protect elephants, researchers have been using genetic technology 
Salesforce.com Unveils Site Aimed At Providing On-Demand Call &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Salesforce.com Inc. took the next step in its evolution Wednesday, introducing a new site, Supportforce.com, that #39;s designed to provide on-demand call-center and customer-service software along 
Woods seeks Ryder Cup changes Tiger Woods says he would like more of a say in future US Ryder Cup team decisions. Woods, who struggled along with the rest of the American side in the biennial event earlier this month, says he #39;d like to 
Massu cruises; Verdasco, Nadal fall in Palermo Palermo, Italy (Sports Network) - Top-seeded and defending champion Nicolas Massu of Chile advanced, but third-seeded Spaniard Fernando Verdasco and sixth- seeded Spaniard Rafael Nadal were not as fortunate Wednesday at the clay-court Palermo 
Correction: FDA-Drug-Imports Story (AP) AP - In a Sept. 28 story about the interception of drugs purportedly sent from Canada, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the medications had been ordered by Americans from the Web site www.CanadaRx.com. The drugs were ordered through www.CanadaRx.net.
IBM Settles Pension Suit, to Take Charge (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions,\and will take a charge of  #36;320 million in the current quarter,\the technology company said on Wednesday.
Dolly's Creator Applies for Human Cloning License (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists who created Dolly the sheep,\the world's first cloned mammal, applied for a license on\Tuesday to clone human embryos to obtain stem cells for\research into Motor Neurone Disease.
AIG Says Unit Faces U.S. Criminal Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest insurer by market value, on  Wednesday said the U.S. Department of Justice opened a criminal  probe into one of its units over possible securities law  violations.
Yen Rises Smartly as Oil Prices Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The yen rose smartly on Wednesday as  oil prices fell on diminished supply worries, while sterling  slumped after a British central banker indicated the bank's  rate tightening cycle may be nearing an end.
G-7 likely won #39;t press China on yuan WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Finance ministers from the world #39;s seven richest nations aren #39;t likely to pressure China on foreign-exchange policy when they meet with Chinese finance officials for the first time as a group in Washington at the end of the week, a 
Bonds #39; 700th homerun ball tentatively kept from auction block The man who ended up with Barry Bonds #39; 700th homerun hit promised a state judge here Wednesday that he would not sell the ball, valued in the  quot;six figures, quot; before a judge decides who is the real owner.
Users: Data validity, security issues can arise during BI rollouts Although business intelligence software can yield major benefits for companies, a variety of challenges can arise during implementations, said users at the Business Intelligence Perspectives conference.
Salesforce.com expands call center support The most significant product advancement is Salesforce.com's newly released Telephony API tool kit, which allows its sales automation software to integrate with products from partners.
Compuware boosts application development wares Compuware announced plans yesterday to release two new products: one to purge new applications of security vulnerabilities, and a second to test applications against common errors.
Cendant buying Orbitz.com in \$1.25B deal Travel and hospitality company Cendant Corp. today announced plans to acquire online travel vendor Orbitz.com for approximately \$1.25 billion.
Update: CA cutting 5 of workforce Computer Associates International said today that it plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, or 5 of its workforce, in the hope of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Agere to cut 500 jobs amid slowing sales Citing sluggish sales, communications chip maker Agere Systems today said it will cut 500 jobs and sell or close a plant in Florida that employs 600 people.
Freescale announces dual-core PowerPC processor Manufactured with a 90-nanometer process, Freescale's MPC8641D processor has two PowerPC e600 processor cores that run at clock speeds faster than 1.5 GHz and are connected by a high-speed interface.
IBM reclaims supercomputer crown for U.S. IBM has assembled a 16,000-processor version of its BlueGene/L supercomputer, which on Sept. 16 edged out the Earth Simulator, built by IBM rival NEC, as the most powerful supercomputer on the planet.
.Mac bumps up storage capacity, improves mail Apple Computer Inc. has improved the services offered to subscribers of .Mac, including an increase in the amount of online data storage to 250MB.
Speakers debate RFID benefits, challenges BALTIMORE - While speakers at the EPCglobal Inc. U.S. conference Wednesday talked up the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID), analysts watching RFID adoptions said many U.S. companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt the technology.
Higher oil prices prompt downward revision to  #39;05 outlook WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The global economic outlook that looked strong in April is starting to fray around the edges, according to an International Monetary Fund report released on Wednesday.
Blue Gene/L teraflops into supercomputing #39;s top spot IBM #39;s ascension to the top of the world #39;s supercomputing ranks marks the emergence of a platform that would make its way into a wide variety of customer environments, executives said Wednesday.
Cendant To Buy Orbitz For \$1.25 Billion SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 -- Cendant Corp. and Orbitz today reached a definitive agreement for Cendant to buy all the shares of Orbitz for \$27.
Update 3: Ex-CEO Scrushy Faces New Perjury Charge Federal prosecutors added perjury and obstruction of justice charges to the criminal case against fired HealthSouth Corp. chief executive Richard Scrushy on Wednesday under a new indictment in the rehabilitation giant #39;s accounting scandal.
IMF calls on China to drop yuan currency peg WASHINGTON: The International Monetary Fund yesterday called on China to drop the yuan currency #39;s tight peg to the dollar to help keep domestic inflation under control and bring more balance to the global economy.
IBM Agrees to Settle Part of Illinois Pension Lawsuit (Update1) International Business Machines Corp., the world #39;s largest seller of computers and related services, said it agreed to settle part of a lawsuit that claimed the company #39;s pension plan discriminated against older workers.
Microsoft To Unveil Low-priced XP Starter NEW DELHI: Microsoft will be launching substantially low-priced Windows XP Starter Edition in the Indian market early next year.
IBM Unmasks Masala for Speedy Search Sifting through millions of documents to locate a valuable few is tedious enough, but what happens when those files are scattered across different repositories?
Inter crush Anderlecht 3-1 to lead group by three points Inter Milan beat Anderlecht 3-1 away to open a three-point lead in Champions League Group G on Wednesday. Obafemi Martins put Inter ahead in the ninth minute when he turned in a low left cross from fellow striker Adriano.
Norway: Pilots attacked with an ax pee writes  quot;A passenger on a commuter plane in northern Norway attacked both pilots and at least one passenger with an axe as the aircraft was coming in to land.
Computer Assoc. Cuts 800 Jobs Worldwide (AP) AP - Computer Associates International Inc. announced a restructuring plan Wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker  #36;70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented.
Analysts, Apple on Logic, GarageBand (MacCentral) MacCentral - The focus of Apple Computer Inc. executives was on music Wednesday as the Cupertino, Calif.-based company released new versions of its professional music creation software Logic, Logic Express and new Jam Packs for its consumer level application GarageBand. Research analysts feel that Apple's overall product strategy of offering multiple products from consumer to pro is sound.
Lethargic Gunners fail to tie up loose Strands (AFP) AFP - Arsenal's capacity for shooting themselves in the foot in Europe surfaced again as the English champions laboured to a 1-1 draw with Rosenborg.
Russian Foreign Minister Meets With Castro (AP) AP - Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met with President Fidel Castro and other Cuban leaders Wednesday as the countries worked on re-creating more modest versions of political and economic alliances that unraveled after the Soviet Union's collapse.
Bittersweet day in Montreal as Expos officially play final home game (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - It's finally official. The Montreal Expos are moving on.
RNC Creates Web Sites to Criticize Kerry (AP) AP - Republicans have one message for followers of many faiths: Sen. John Kerry is wrong.
Congress Delays Votes on OT, Drug Issues (AP) AP - Congress' Republican leaders are postponing politically thorny votes on overtime, imported prescription drugs and other issues until after the November elections.
Blair Says Britain Would Respond to Hostage Takers  BRIGHTON, England/DUBAI (Reuters) - Prime Minister Tony  Blair said on Wednesday Britain would respond to the captors of  hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq if they made contact with his  government.
Wounded Pilots Land Norway Plane After Axe Attack  OSLO (Reuters) - An Algerian-born man attacked two pilots  and a passenger with an axe on a domestic Norwegian flight  Wednesday in an unexplained assault that police said could be  linked to his asylum status.
Former Sun, BEA execs forge grid venture Former executives from companies such as Sun Microsystems, BEA Systems, and Oracle this week are formally launching a venture called Cassatt, which is endeavoring to automate IT operations, leverage commodity hardware and software, and govern network compute cycles in a grid-like manner.
Cendant Buying Orbitz for \$27.50 a Share Cendant (CD:NYSE) sewed up a \$1.25 billion acquisition of online travel giant Orbitz (ORBZ:Nasdaq), igniting another surge in shares of the airline-owned travel site.
IBM Agrees to Settle Part of Federal Pension Lawsuit (Update2) International Business Machines Corp., the world #39;s largest computer maker, said it will settle part of a federal lawsuit that claimed the company #39;s pension plan discriminated against 130,000 older workers.
Union workers walk at 4 hotels Union workers went out on strike Wednesday morning at four San Francisco hotels, their contract bargaining having stalled over differences about wages, pensions and the term of a contract.
Colombian leader seeks more international support Colombia, locked in a 40-year war fueled by the drug trade, has made gains in restoring order and economic growth but needs more international help to secure 
BlueGene: IBM claims crown IBM CORP. announced Wednesday that it has created the most powerful computer ever, besting a Japanese machine that has held the world record for computing power for three years.
Toxic Algae Bloom Seen Off Washington State Coast An unusually large toxic bloom of algae, which could poison humans and taint shellfish, has been detected in the ocean off the northwest coast of Washington state, oceanographers said on Wednesday.
Baseball is back in DC Washington, DC (Sports Network) - Washington #39;s wait is over for the return of a Major League Baseball team, as it was announced on Wednesday that the Montreal Expos will be relocated to the nation #39;s capital in 2005.
Inter crushes Anderlecht, leads group by three points Inter Milan beat Anderlecht 3-1 away to open a three-point lead in Champions League Group G on Wednesday. Obafemi Martins put Inter ahead in the ninth minute when he turned in a low left cross from fellow striker Adriano.
White Sox 11, Tigers 2 When Magglio Ordonez joined Frank Thomas on the disabled list in July, the Chicago White Sox fell apart. They won just eight times during a 28-game stretch and plummeted out of first place.
Victims of Argentine school shooting mourned Hundreds of mourners marched in a funeral procession Wednesday for two teenage victims of Argentina #39;s worst school shooting on record, a day after a fellow student #39;s classroom rampage.
Suspected Spies Heading To Israel The Prime Minister has confirmed the two Israelis convicted and sentenced earlier this year for passport fraud, have been deported.
Outlook on future flagging NEW YORK - Continued job worries resulted in an unexpected decline in consumer confidence in September, the second consecutive monthly dip, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
Cendant to buy Orbitz for \$1.25 billion Travel and real estate heavyweight Cendant said Wednesday it will buy travel Web site Orbitz for about \$1.25 billion, making it the No.
Synnex Beats 2Q Estimates; Net Income Up 50 Percent Synnex beat Wall Street estimates and reported a 50 percent increase in net income for the third quarter ended Aug. 31, and a 29-percent increase in sales.
Good news:  #39;Phishing #39; scams net only \$500 million The online cons known as  quot;phishing quot; have cost US consumers \$500 million, according to a study released Wednesday. In addition, the study found that three-quarters of wired Americans have noticed an increase 
Oil prices fall on rising US inventories, easing Nigeria fears Red-hot oil prices cooled, easing below 50 dollars a barrel in New York after news of stronger-than-expected US inventories and oil in the United States and diminishing fears of unrest in Nigeria.
DHL Sees Loss As FedEx, UPS Dominate Shares of United Parcel Service Inc. moved higher in trading Wednesday, while DHL Express appears not to be garnering the US market share it originally expected.
SalesLogix and Salesforce.com Expand Their Customer Service &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two leading midmarket CRM vendors released expansions of their platforms this week, branching further into the service side of CRM.
AC Milan #39;s denies brave Celtic AC Milan scored twice in the last two minutes to beat Celtic in a dramatic Champions League clash which edged the Italians closer to the knockout stages.
CLIJSTERS ADVANCES IN HASSELT Former world number one Kim Clijsters showed little rust in her first match in more than than four months. On her home soil, the second-seeded Clijsters made a successful comeback from a wrist injury with 
Pitcairn men linked with  #39;a culture of sex abuse #39; are named His name is Steve Christian, and he is the mayor of Pitcairn Island and a descendant of Fletcher Christian, the Bounty #39;s first mate.
FACTBOX-Profiles of key figures in new Irish cabinet Ireland #39;s Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Bertie Ahern has shuffled his cabinet to re-energise his party after a poor showing in local and European elections earlier this year.
IBM Partial Settlement in Pension Suit (AP) AP - IBM Corp. and plaintiffs challenging the legality of its pension plan agreed to a deal Wednesday that settles most claims and caps the company's potential liability at  #36;1.7 billion. The company previously had estimated a settlement could cost as much as  #36;6.5 billion.
Toxic Algae Bloom Grows Off Wash. Coast (AP) AP - A toxic algae bloom off the coast of Washington state has grown to about 30 miles wide, the largest and most potentially lethal algae yet found by scientists in the region.
Electronic Back-Seat Driver System to Be Tested (Reuters) Reuters - Drivers may soon have no excuse for\ignoring road signs.
SSH Proxies and Timeouts \\The other day I blogged about setting up SSH proxies .  \\It turns out this is only 90 correct. You need to specify a timeout for the\'nc' command or they will block forever on your proxy machine and then you'll\run out of processes.\\The new command is \\"nc -w 60 h p "\
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Fall (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a\second straight session on Wednesday as buyers' resistance to\higher prices spawned a wave of profit-taking.
'Soft patch' not so soft, as US economic growth is revised higher (AFP) AFP - The US economy's  quot;soft patch quot; was not as weak as initial estimates, according to government data showing a 3.3 percent pace of expansion in the second quarter.
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a  second straight session on Wednesday as buyers' resistance to  higher prices spawned a wave of profit-taking.
IBM Settles Pension Claims  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM on Wednesday said it has settled  portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to its pension plan and  said the potential liability for the other claims that remain  on appeal is capped at \$1.4 billion.
AIG Says Unit Faces U.S. Criminal Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department has opened  a criminal probe into whether American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest insurer by market value, helped a  major banking client move bad loans off its books, AIG said on  Wednesday.
Techs rally on Internet deal NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Technology markets rallied Wednesday. They were boosted by soaring Internet stocks on news that Cendant plans to buy Orbitz and by investors looking for general bargains in the recently battered sector.
Synnex 3Q Profit Rises 50 Percent Synnex Corp., a provider of technology supply chain services, on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit jumped 50 percent, helped by higher revenue and a settlement gain from the acquisition of its British subsidiary.
US Air, Delta target executives for new cuts Washington, Sep 30. (PTI): Embattled American airliners US Airways and Delta Airline have announced that they are targeting executives for new cuts.
IBM regains speed lead The latest machine for helping the Energy Department model nuclear explosions has become the world #39;s most powerful computer. An IBM Corp.
Dell Aims To Drive Down Cost Of High-Performance Computing Vendor offers server, switch, and host-channel adapter bundle with increased I/O bandwidth, processing capability, and memory. By Larry Greenemeier.
India cracks down on dopers India imposed a life ban on three women weightlifters for doping on Thursday, including a pair thrown out of the Athens Olympics.  quot;We are taking very serious steps to root out doping from this country.
Palestinian Rocket Kills Two Children A Palestinian rocket slammed into a street in this southern Israeli town Wednesday, killing two preschool children playing in a yard as Israelis ushered in the fall harvest festival of Sukkot.
Speakers debate RFID benefits, challenges Several speakers at this week's EPCglobal conference talked about how RFID tagging can help companies track products, cut down on theft and reduce supply chain costs. But analysts said U.S. companies are moving cautiously on the technology.
IBM gives a kick to CICS To modernize its venerable line of mainframe-based CICS middleware, IBM last week introduced an updated version of its CICS Transaction Server that enables IT to extend the product to work better with SOAs (service-oriented architectures) through Web services. With the release of CICS Transaction Server for z/OS Version 3.1, administrators can now integrate their traditional workloads to fully participate in an SOA.
Dad ID's Kidnapped Daughter in Colombia (AP) AP - Daniela Vanegas, a bright-eyed girl with thick, dark tresses, was kidnapped almost a year ago as she boarded her school bus in Bogota.
Four injured in rocket attack on German base in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - A rocket attack on a German-run peacekeeping team in northeastern Afghanistan has left four people injured, one seriously, a spokesman for the multinational security force in the country said.
Dr. Phil Interviews President, First Lady (AP) AP - President Bush says it's "awfully difficult" for parents to urge their children not to drink and drive if they do it themselves.
Edge Dynamics launches new breed of enterprise app Enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as Edge Dynamics and Tibco Software develop software that combines elements of both ERP and BI applications.
Booming China raises workers' hopes - and discontent Low pay and poor conditions drove employees at two shoe plants in the Pearl River Delta to riot.
Football: Rosenborg hold Arsenal Arsenal are held to a draw in Norway, despite Freddie Ljungberg's sixth-minute opener.
Blair pledges over Bigley captors Tony Blair says the government would respond "immediately" if Ken Bigley's captors make contact.
Baseball Returns to Washington as Expos Move From Montreal Major League Baseball will return to the nation's capital for the first time in more than three decades next season.
Kerry Sees Debate as Chance to Shed 'Flip-Flop' Label Senator John Kerry conceded today that the Bush campaign had been "particularly successful" in portraying him as wobbly.
Staph Strain Infects More Healthy People TRENTON, N.J. - Flesh-eating bacteria cases, fatal pneumonia and life-threatening heart infections suddenly are popping up around the country, striking healthy people and stunning their doctors...
White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    The White House answers came in response to a dozen questions submitted by The Associated Press in light of new records detailing Bush's Guard service and allegations that have surfaced this election season...
Saudi Edict Bans Mobile Phone Cameras RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - Saudi Arabia's highest religious authority has issued an edict barring the use of cell phones with built-in cameras, blaming them for "spreading obscenity" - a final resort after a ban on their sale and import to the kingdom failed to dent their popularity.    Camera cell phones have caught on fast throughout Asia, Europe and the Middle East, particularly in oil-rich Persian Gulf countries, prompting concerns about privacy in places where people undress, "theft" of reading materials at book stores and newsstands, and corporate espionage by employees...
Bush Seeks Aid for Fla. Hurricane Victims LAKE WALES, Fla. - President Bush, touring hurricane-battered Florida on his way to Thursday night's presidential debate, pressed Congress on Wednesday to approve his latest request for emergency federal aid for storm victims, this time for more than \$7 billion...
Stocks Edge Up on GDP Reading, Oil Prices NEW YORK - Stocks moved higher Wednesday as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product while keeping a close eye on falling oil prices. The tech-dominated Nasdaq composite index posted especially robust gains...
CBS Works Past Troubles for Premiere Week NEW YORK - During a week that CBS was fined \$550,000 for Janet Jackson's Super Bowl flash and its news division had to apologize for shoddy reporting, at least the prime-time ratings gave its executives something to smile about.    CBS handily won the ratings race during the first official week of the new television season, and stuck archrival NBC where it hurts the most: on Thursday night and among young viewers...
Two Sentenced to Death for USS Cole Attack SAN'A, Yemen - A U.S.-held Saudi suspected of being an associate of Osama bin Laden and a Yemeni militant were sentenced to death by firing squad Wednesday for the bombing of the USS Cole four years ago, the first convictions in the al-Qaida terror attack that killed 17 American sailors.    The judge ordered four other Yemenis jailed for five to 10 years...
IMF Says Russia Must Save Energy Windfall WASHINGTON -- The International Monetary Fund on Wednesday raised its outlook for Russia #39;s economy but warned Moscow to resist spending the extra oil revenues it has received as a result of record energy prices.
LUKoil-Conoco Deal Opens Way to Iraq In the country #39;s biggest-ever privatization auction, ConocoPhillips on Wednesday paid nearly \$2 billion for a 7.59 percent stake in LUKoil, sealing a strategic alliance between the oil majors and revitalizing energy ties between Russia and the United 
Clearing Out Fannie #39;s  #39;Phantoms #39; Score one for the lion tamer. The federal regulator that oversees home-mortgage giant Fannie Mae finally persuaded that government-sponsored enterprise to agree to clean up its questionable accounting practices.
IBM Settles Pension Claims IBM on Wednesday said it has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to its pension plan and said the potential liability for the other claims that remain on appeal is capped at \$1.
Stocks End Up, Boosted by Techs, Oil US stocks ended higher on Wednesday as Internet and semiconductor stocks led advances in technology shares and crude oil retreated from record high prices.
Chip-Maker Posts Profitable Quarter Higher prices and increased production gave Micron Technology Inc. its second straight profitable quarter, but its fourth-quarter results still fell short of Wall Street estimates.
Private spaceship leaves Earth #39;s atmosphere MOJAVE, Calif. - He was told to abort the bumpy flight, but the pilot of a spiraling space rocket stayed at it, and successfully flew into space and back.
DC #39;s Ballgame The leaves are just turning in the nation #39;s capital but with a hint of spring, perhaps because Washington is getting a slice of Americana back: a baseball team of its very own.
Wayne Rooney enters Man U folklore with hat trick in debut Yet none made the breathtaking impact in his Man U debut as 18-year-old Wayne Rooney did Tuesday night. Support your favorite team with official Champions League gear from the FOX Soccer Shop!
AC Milan defeats Celtic 3-1 on late goals in Champions League Andriy Shevchenko celebrated his 28th birthday by scoring one goal and setting up Filippo Inzaghi #39;s game winner with a minute remaining to help AC Milan beat Celtic 3-1 for its second win in as many matches.
Ichiro leads an assault on baseball #39;s records He #39;s poised to rack up most hits in a season. Other marks look vulnerable, too. By Erik Spanberg  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
Name of Washington Team to Be Decided (AP) AP - The wait for a baseball team is over. The debate over the name begins.
Champions League Soccer: Chelsea Defeats Porto  LONDON (Reuters) - Porto suffered the agony of being by  outwitted by their former coach on Wednesday as the Champions  League holders slumped to a 3-1 defeat at Jose Mourinho's  Chelsea.
Cox Wins 2,000 Games as Braves Beat Mets Bobby Cox became just the ninth manager in to win 2,000 games when the Atlanta Braves scored four runs in the seventh inning and beat the Mets on Wednesday.
Circuit City Posts Weak Sales; Shares Off  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  No. 2 U.S. electronics chain, on Monday reported a surprise 4.3  percent drop in quarterly sales at stores open at least a year,  signaling a further widening gap with top rival Best Buy Co.  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBY.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Talbots Cuts Earnings View on Slow Sales (AP) AP - Talbots Inc., the women's clothing retailer, cut its third-quarter earnings forecast Wednesday, citing low September sales.
Computer Associates to Cut 800 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates will cut 800 jobs,  the software maker said on Wednesday, reducing its work force 5  percent in its biggest cost-cutting effort since 2001 amid  slack demand and falling prices for software and services.
Micron Technology Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Micron Technology Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MU.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the No. 3 computer memory chip maker, on Wednesday reported a  quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year-earlier  loss.
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Research in Motion (nadsaq: RIMM - news - people ) will announce second-quarter results. The maker of Blackberry handheld devices is expected to report quarterly earnings of 43 cents per share on revenue of 
 #39;Soft patch #39; not so soft, as US economic growth is revised higher The US economy #39;s  quot;soft patch quot; was not as weak as initial estimates, according to government data showing a 3.3 percent pace of expansion in the second quarter.
Private space plane rockets towards \$17m prize MOJAVE (California) - SpaceShipOne, a privately built three-seat rocket plane, punched into space yesterday, moving a step closer to a US\$10 million (S\$17 million) civilian space prize.
Web founder says cooperation needed to create the Semantic Web #39; #39; The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference on Wednesday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: Getting the players behind 
Name of Washington team to be decided The wait for a baseball team is over. The debate over the name begins. With the Montreal Expos headed to the nation #39;s capital, ideas for a suitable nickname for a baseball team at the seat 
Chelsea beats defending champion Porto Jose Mourinho #39;s Chelsea outplayed the team he led to Champions League glory, FC Porto, 3-1 on Wednesday, leaving his former club with a huge task to stay in the competition.
Chelsea overpower champions Porto LONDON, England -- Jose Mourinho #39;s new club Chelsea defeated his old side Porto 3-1 to leave the European champions with an uphill battle to qualify from Group H of the Champions League.
Nigerian talks may aid oil price There are some signs of progress in resolving the Nigerian conflict that is riling global oil markets. The leader of militia fighters threatening to widen a battle for control of Nigeria #39;s oil-rich south has 
China blasts Taiwan PM #39;s threat of missile strike BEIJING - China yesterday slammed Taiwanese Premier Yu Shyi-kun for threatening to fire missiles at Shanghai in the event of an attack by the mainland.
AIG Target of Justice Department Probe Insurance giant American International Group Inc. on Wednesday said its financial products unit is being investigated by the Department of Justice over possible violations of securities laws.
Martha heading to West Virginia jail Martha Stewart released a statement today saying she is headed to a federal prison Alderson, W.Va., to serve her five-month sentence.
Iger: Pixar deal nearing end at Disney Walt Disney Co. president Bob Iger said Wednesday that a renewal of the studio #39;s deal with Pixar is unlikely, adding the partnership has approached the end of its natural life span.
US rocket team halfway to winning \$10-million prize MOJAVE, CALIF. - A privately built and operated spacecraft roared out of the atmosphere on Wednesday with a historic flight that brings the team one step closer to winning a \$10-million US prize.
Amazon and Microsoft team up to fight spammers Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc., both influential companies, have joined hands in order to take legal action and persue spammers who are targetting these companies and their customers.
Gartner: Piracy driving Linux PC shipments Although Linux may be shipping on a growing number of PCs sold in the emerging markets of Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, about 80 of PCs shipped with the open source operating system this year will eventually run pirated versions of Windows 
Micron Technology Posts Profit Micron Technology Inc. (MU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 computer memory chip maker, on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year-earlier loss.
House Toughens Penalties on P2Ps The US House of Representatives approved legislation Tuesday night that could put some peer-to-peer (define) file swappers in jail for up to five years.
Agere Adjusts for Soft Demand Facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist Agere Systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
Mourinho #39;s Chelsea Beats Porto in Champions League (Update1) Chelsea beat Porto 3-1 in European soccer #39;s Champions League, giving coach Jose Mourinho a victory over the team he led to the title last season.
Fitness test for wounded Tiger Tiger Woods, who is due out at lunchtime in today #39;s first round of the WGC American Express Championship at Mount Juliet, says that his morning warm-up will determine whether he is fit enough to defend his title.
French driver killed in motorcycle rally racing in Egypt #39;s desert French driver Richard Sainct died in a crash Wednesday during the fourth stage of the International Cross Country Rally, Pharaohs Rally in Egypt.
Dodgers #39; Bradley Ejected for Throwing Bottle Milton Bradley became the latest Major League Baseball player to go after the people who pay to see him perform. In the same month that Texas pitcher Frank Francisco was 
Italy denies paying ransom for hostages ROME - Italy insisted on Wednesday it did not pay a million-dollar ransom to win the release of two aid workers, as the country rejoiced in the homecoming of the women who said they were ready to return to Iraq to continue their work there.
Latham  #39;very proud #39; of wife OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham today praised his wife Janine Lacy for taking centre stage at Labor #39;s official campaign launch. Ms Lacy took the extraordinary step of introducing her husband at the ALP launch 
Oil prices retreat as US supplies rise Oil prices fell sharply Wednesday after a government report that US inventories of crude rose 3.4 million barrels last week, surprising many traders and analysts who had expected to see supplies shrink because of lingering production problems in the wake 
Cendant buys Ortiz for \$1.25B Cendant Corp., the world #39;s largest hotel franchiser and owner of the Avis car-rental company, said Wednesday it agreed to purchase Orbitz, a popular Internet travel agency, for \$1.
US publisher cuts jobs after scandal Seeking to restore the confidence of investors and advertisers after discovering exaggerated circulation figures at The Dallas Morning News, Belo Corp.
Bumpy ride for a private rocket ship MOJAVE, California A test pilot returned successfully to Earth on Wednesday after a foray into space that was marked by a white-knuckle ascent in which his rocket ship rolled at least 16 times in about 16 seconds and he had to fight to regain control.
Scientists rumble Earth #39;s hum Scientists have solved the mystery of a global hum which has plagued them since it was discovered in 1998. The constant drone at low frequencies, well below the range of human hearing, shows up in seismic 
RFID gets a reality check BALTIMORE--Radio frequency identification may be a hot topic among tech types these days, but proponents of the technology gathered here this week are keeping their exuberance in check.
News Bits: New Pentium 4 M, New Sharp 64-bit Notebook, OQO Relase &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new version of the Pentium 4 aimed at the  #39;desktop replacement #39; market was introduced by Intel this week. The new chip is called the  quot;Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor 548 quot; supports Hyper Threading Technology and runs at 3.33GHz.
Roundup: Roma appoints Del Neri as coach Del Neri replaces Rudi Vller, who resigned Sunday after less than a month in charge of the Serie A club. He will become the third coach at Roma since Fabio Capello quit the club to take over at Juventus in May.
India slaps life ban on three weightlifters caught for doping NEW DELHI: Indian sports officials on Wednesday handed life bans to three women weightlifters who tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs, officials said.
Italians shrug off claims that \$1m was handed over to free women &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Beaming smiles at the millions who prayed for their freedom, Simona Torretta and Simona Pari returned to a relieved Rome last night.
Rocket kills 2 Israelis, prompting clash in Gaza JERUSALEM A Palestinian rocket killed two Israeli children and Israeli forces killed four Palestinians during a day of bloodshed Wednesday along the northern edges of the Gaza Strip.
Britain #39;s Blair Faces Poll Amidst Iraq Hostage Crisis The anguish of a British hostage in Iraq hangs over Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday as he faces the twin test of a local election and a debate by his Labour Party about the divisive war.
New Zealand deports suspected spies New Zealand has deported two Israelis who admitted trying to fraudulently obtain passports, the BBC reported Wednesday. In July, Uriel Kelman and Eli Cara got six-month sentences for the crime.
Israel considering  #39;all options #39; to curb Iran A military strike is among Israel #39;s options to prevent Iran from producing nuclear weapons, Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz said on Wednesday in the latest threat by the Jewish state against its arch-foe.
System of pet passports to apply fully from Friday BRUSSELS New EU-wide legislation introducing a pet passport will be fully applicable from Friday, allowing pets and their owners to travel legally within the European Union, the European Commission said Wednesday.
Private rocket reaches space for second time Climbing to space like a winged corkscrew, SpaceShipOne successfully completed the first leg of its attempt for a \$10-million prize Wednesday in a flight marked by an unexpected series of rolls.
Rockets Kill 2 Israeli Children, 9 Palestinians Die  SDEROT, Israel (Reuters) - Palestinian militants eluding an  army crackdown killed two Israeli children in a rocket attack  from Gaza on Wednesday and troops killed nine Palestinians in  raids in the coastal strip and the West Bank.
Austrian Bishop Quits After Sex Scandal -- Newspaper  VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian bishop Kurt Krenn has resigned,  apparently at the Pope's request, after a sex and child  pornography scandal in his diocese rocked the Roman Catholic  church in the Alpine nation.
Sex abuse trials open on Pitcairn The tiny UK Pacific colony of Pitcairn puts seven men on trial for sex abuse in a case splitting local opinion.
US stocks: Stocks up, boosted by techs and cheaper oil US stocks ended higher on Wednesday as internet and semiconductor stocks led advances in technology shares and crude oil retreated from record high prices.
AIG target of Justice probe NEW YORK -- American International Group Inc., one of the world #39;s largest insurance companies, is the target of a probe by the Department of Justice into possible securities violations.
Profit warnings take shine off GWR/Capital merger Capital Radio and GWR saw 45m wiped off their combined stock market values yesterday as investors digested details of their proposed merger alongside trading updates published simultaneously by both companies.
Mountain-sized Asteroid Zips Past Earth Wednesday The giant potato-shaped asteroid 4179 Toutatis zoomed past earth just after 8:30 am Wednesday afternoon in the closest approach of any known asteroid of comparable size this century.
MS launches XP lite for Indian market NEW DELHI: Microsoft has announced its simplified and low-priced version of Windows XP for India and has tied up with leading PC vendors including HCL, HP, Wipro and Acer to bring PCs at significantly lower prices.
Apple to expand European iTunes next month Speaking at the annual Popkomm conference in Berlin, Germany, Apple vice-president of applications Eddie Cue told music executives that the company will expand the online iTunes Music Store 
What #39;s in the Box? Radio Tags Know That, and More BM plans to announce today that it will invest \$250 million over the next five years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
Australian Rogers shines in Milan Milan - Australian Michael Rogers successfully defended his cycling world time trial title in Bardolino on Wednesday. Rogers, 24, completed the 46.
Blind Japanese runner wins Paralympic marathon Japanese blind runner Yuichi Takahashi won the Paralympic marathon Sunday, unsure of his victory until well after he finished his race along the ancient course.
Violence racks Palestinian territories Israeli helicopters have launched fresh missile strikes on the Gaza Strip, killing two Palestinians and wounding four others. Witnesses said an Israeli helicopter fired a missile into the Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza killing the two.
Typhoon Meari Passing Through Japan #39;s Northern Tohoku Area Typhoon Meari, the eighth tropical cyclone to reach Japan this year, is passing through the northern Tohoku area at 60 kilometers (37 miles) an hour toward the Pacific Ocean with a maximum wind of 83 kilometers an hour.
Canada considers fate of suspected NKorean refugees in China &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Canada is facing a diplomatic headache after a group of suspected North Koreans broke into the Canadian Embassy in the Chinese capital, Beijing, on Wednesday.
European iTMS Expansion Coming In October An Apple exec has told Reuters that the company will be expanding its European iTunes Music Store in October. Vice president Eddie Cue told the news service 
Clijsters makes winning return Belgian tennis player Kim Clijsters has made a successful return from a long injury lay-off, overcoming dogged Czech Iveta Benesova 7-6, 6-2 in the second round of the Belgian Open.
IBM settles pension suit, take charge International Business Machines (IBM) has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of \$320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said Wednesday.
Unocal, Royal Dutch withdraw from project Unocal Corp. and the Royal Dutch/Shell Group are withdrawing from a natural gas exploration project in the East China Sea, the companies said Wednesday, citing  quot;commercial reasons.
WENGER LET DOWN BY GUNNERS DRAW Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger felt his side were too cautious after a disappointing 1-1 draw away to Norwegian side Rosenborg in the Champions League.
Life ban for Chanu, Pratima Kumari Weightlifters Pratima Kumari, Sanamacha Chanu, S Sunaina and coach Pal Singh Sandhu have been banned for life, Indian Olympic Association President Suresh Kalmadi announced in New Delhi on Wednesday.
Milan cause Celtic late heartbreak Andriy Shevchenko had put Milan ahead after just eight minutes and they dominated the first half of the match. But Celtic had several fine chances in the second half before Stanislav Varga equalised with a powerful header on 74 minutes.
O #39;Neal calls Kobe #39;s comments  #39;ridiculous #39; While being interviewed by Eagle County, Colo., police after his sexual encounter with a hotel employee, Lakers star Kobe Bryant said Shaquille O #39;Neal had paid up to \$1 million to women to keep them quiet about  quot;situations like this, quot; the Los Angeles 
Tories mock PM for broadband pledge Tony Blair has pledged to end the  quot;digital divide quot; by 2008 - if the Labour Party wins the next election. Speaking at his party #39;s conference in Brighton, the Prime Minister delivered ten things a  quot;future Labour 
Teen kills 3 classmates. The rampage at the Islas Malvinas Middle School No. 2 in the south-eastern corner of Buenos Aires province touched off an intense nationwide debate about spiralling school violence in Argentina.
Patriots Place Watson on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - Ben Watson's rookie year with the New England Patriots started late and ended early.
Orioles Beat Blue Jays to Start Twinbill (AP) AP - David Newhan singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning, giving the Baltimore Orioles a 7-6 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays in the first game of a doubleheader Wednesday.
Yanks Come From Behind to Win Opener Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez rallied the Yankees past the Minnesota Twins in the first game of a doubleheader at Yankee Stadium.
IBM Settles Pension Claims  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM on Wednesday said it will  take a third-quarter charge of \$320 million to settle all but  two claims of an ongoing lawsuit claiming its pension plan  discriminated against older workers, in exchange for capping  its potential liability at \$1.4 billion.
San Francisco at San Diego, 10:05 PM SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- The San Francisco Giants resume their fight for a playoff spot in the second game of their series with the San Diego Padres, who are on the verge of being eliminated from the race.
Suspect in Palme killing dies of head injuries STOCKHOLM Christer Pettersson, who was convicted in the 1986 killing of Prime Minister Olof Palme but acquitted on appeal, died Wednesday, hospital officials said.
Israeli PM hosts cabinet session PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon was presiding today over the first ever cabinet meeting in Israeli history with ministers from just one party after he sacked his last remaining coalition partner.
Zimbabwe #39;s first woman VP calls for unity A former guerrilla fighter elected as Zimbabwe #39;s first woman vice president called for unity in the ruling party after a divisive power struggle over her nomination for the 
Russia, India to join hands in IT New Delhi (VNA) - Russia and India have agreed to set up a joint working group to compile an inter-governmental agreement in information technology during a recent visit to India by President Vladimir Putin.
Google Responds to Google News China Controversy Google Responds to Google News China Controversy\\Recently Google, in the own words, explained their position on operating in China and their censorship of certain news stories on the Chinese version of Google News. Google News has also been looked into in the United States because of political bias reports. Some ...
TV Humor With a Digital Punch Line Martin Sargent has mixed humor and technology into an unlikely hit on G4techTVs "Unscrewed."
Outsourcing Finds Vietnam Vietnam is making a big push to turn itself into an outsourcing powerhouse.
Headphones That Make the World Go Away Noise-reducing headphones, more svelte than they used to be, are not just for pilots any more.
IBM Agrees to Settle Part of Federal Pension Lawsuit (Update3) International Business Machines Corp., the world #39;s largest computer maker, said it will pay at least \$300 million to settle part of a lawsuit that claimed the company #39;s pension plan discriminated against older workers.
Micron Sales Rise 34 Pct Micron Technology Inc., the No. 3 computer memory chip maker, on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year-earlier loss.
Disney #39;s Iger Says Pixar Deal Unlikely Walt Disney Co. President Bob Iger said on Wednesday that a new deal with Pixar Animation Studios was unlikely and that the US media conglomerate 
CA to Lay Off 800 Workers Computer Associates on Wednesday announced a restructuring plan that will lay off 800 employees, or about 5 percent of its workforce, with 550 of the 800 reductions to take place in North America.
Toxic algae bloom grows off Wash. coast SEATTLE -- A toxic algae bloom off the coast of Washington state has grown to about 30 miles wide, the largest and most potentially lethal algae yet found by scientists in the region.
Mac Bumps Mail, iDisk Storage to 250MB Apple Computer increased the combined storage of its .Mac e-mail and iDisk services to 250 megabytes on Wednesday, following a trend by Yahoo and Google in 
Hubble photographs reach back to universe as toddler The Hubble Space Telescope has produced a vivid portrait of the early days of the universe, when baby galaxies were forming and stars were just beginning to shine.
Diamondbacks sign LHP Jeff Fassero The Arizona Diamondbacks signed left-hander Jeff Fassero on Wednesday with four games left this season. The Colorado Rockies released Fassero on Friday.
Trial date set for lawsuit that touched off Univ. of Colo. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A judge set a trial date Wednesday for a lawsuit against the University of Colorado that touched off a scandal in the football program over allegations that sex, drugs and alcohol were used to lure recruits.
Diamondbacks add left-hander The Arizona Diamondbacks signed left-hander Jeff Fassero on Wednesday with four games left this season. The Colorado Rockies released Fassero on Friday.
N. Korea may be called before UN WASHINGTON - The United States has warned that North Korea might have to be brought before the United Nations Security Council if it refuses to take part in six-party talks to end its nuclear weapons drive.
Soaring Fuel Costs to Spur Airline Mergers -Qantas Record high oil prices are likely to trigger a rash of airline mergers and tie-ups, accelerating a wave of consolidation in the aviation sector, the head of Australian carrier Qantas said on Wednesday.
Open-Source Startup SourceLabs Gets Venture Funding (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A newcomer on the open source scene has received funding to expand operations and develop new product lines.
Cendant Buys Orbitz for \$1.25 Billion Orbitz Inc.'s shares surged nearly 31 percent Wednesday on news that Cendant Corp., the owner of the CheapTickets, Days Inn, Avis and Budget brands, had agreed to pay \$1.25 billion to acquire the third-largest online travel agency.
Microsoft boosts BI Microsoft is bolstering BI and reporting features in both the existing SQL Server 2000 database and the planned SQL Server 2005 release.
Malaysian PM outlines vision for East Asian integration By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Malaysia Correspondent Melissa Goh. KUALA LUMPUR : Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi has urged his East Asian neighbours to step up efforts to safeguard regional security and create 
Universe a bit safer than we thought The Universe is not as violent a place as we thought, an Australian astronomer has found.  quot;Galactically speaking, things seem to be a little bit safer out there, quot; said Graham, whose research supports the idea 
Linksys goes dual-band on Wi-Fi With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems' Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
Gateway expands PC configuration options Gateway plans to overhaul its consumer PC lineup Thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company's Web site and call centers.
Gartner: Piracy driving Linux PC shipments Although Linux may be shipping on a growing number of PCs sold in the emerging markets of Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, about 80 percent of PCs shipped with the open source operating system this year will eventually run pirated versions of Windows, industry research firm Gartner estimated in a report issued September 21.
Instant messaging worm exploits JPEG flaw Security experts have spotted the first attempts to create an Internet worm that propagates using instant messages and exploits a recently disclosed flaw in Microsoft software.
First Look: Cobra's Imperfect Portable Automobile GPS New NavOne offers handy PDA and Pocket PC connectivity, but fails to impress on everything else.
IMF finds fault with Chancellor over deficit Gordon Brown has not yet done enough to reduce the UK #39;s budget deficit, the International Monetary Fund said yesterday, before demanding that he explain whether 
Computer Associates To Cut 5 of Workforce Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) said it would cut 800 employees from its payroll in order to save \$70 million per year. The move is part of the Islandia, NY-based management software maker #39;s plan to streamline operations.
SpaceShipOne lands MOJAVE, California: SpaceShipOne landed safely in the California desert yesterday after a wild corkscrew-like ascent into space, and is now a step closer to a \$10 million (BD3.
IBM builds the fastest supercomputer International Business Machines (IBM) Corp. announced that it has created world #39;s fastest computer that performs better and consumes 28 times less energy than a two time first place holder Japanese supercomputer.
HD-DVD Promotion Group Formed The HD-DVD Promotion Group will facilitate exchanges of information among hardware companies, device manufacturers and content firms, and organize joint promotion of HD-DVD to support early product launches and market expansion.
Wenger disappointed with over-cautiousness  quot;I feel we did not go forward enough and were a little bit within ourselves when we were 1-0 up, we were a little bit cautious.
Cox records 2,000th win There were 1,999 previous wins for Bobby Cox as a major league manager, but in several respects the one on Wednesday - a 6-3 victory against the New York Mets on a gorgeous afternoon at Turner Field - was quintessential for the Braves skipper.
Patriots lose rookie Watson for season Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - The New England Patriots Wednesday announced that they placed first-round draft pick Benjamin Watson on injured reserve with a knee injury.
Chained captive renews plea to Blair BAGHDAD: A chained British hostage in Iraq begged Tony Blair for help yesterday, cranking up the emotional pressure on the prime minister as Italians celebrated the release of two women aid workers after paying a ransom.
Quickly Asia BEIJING - Forty-four suspected North Koreans climbed over a wall into the Canadian Embassy in Beijing yesterday, the latest in a rash of diplomatic mission break-ins by North Koreans seeking asylum.
Gateway expands PC configuration options (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Gateway plans to overhaul its consumer PC lineup Thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company #39;s Web site and call centers.
Gartner: Piracy driving Linux PC shipments (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Although Linux may be shipping on a growing number of PCs sold in the emerging markets of Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, about 80 percent of PCs shipped with the open source operating system this year will eventually run pirated versions of Windows, industry research firm Gartner estimated in a report issued September 21.
Linksys goes dual-band on Wi-Fi (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems #39; Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
Microsoft boosts BI (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Microsoft is bolstering BI and reporting features in both the existing SQL Server 2000 database and the planned SQL Server 2005 release.
Group Warns of Mount St. Helens Eruption (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens began rumbling more intensely Wednesday, prompting scientists to warn that a small or moderate eruption could happen in the next few days.
U.S. Says Syria Agreed to Seal Border with Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Syria agreed in talks with U.S. and\Iraqi officials to take "specific steps" to seal off its border\with Iraq for anti-U.S. insurgents, a U.S. official said on\Wednesday.
UNCTAD Urges Complete Africa Debt Write-Off (Reuters) Reuters - Africa's debt must be completely written\off if the continent is to have a chance of meeting\international goals on reducing poverty, a United Nations body\argued on Thursday.
Tokyo Stocks Bounce Up at Opening (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's key Nikkei average opened up 0.78\percent on Thursday as gains on Wall Street encouraged\investors to scoop up bargains including key technology stocks\following the market's nine days of losses.
Interior Ordered to Keep Indians Informed (AP) AP - A federal judge on Wednesday ordered the Interior Department to keep American Indians informed about a giant class-action lawsuit anytime they try to sell or exchange their lands or other assets.
Feds Says Iraq Election in Jan. Feasible (AP) AP - Elections in January throughout Iraq are an achievable goal, the State Department said Monday, but it refused to predict the goal would be reached.
Wal-Mart announces \$10 billion share repurchase Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is launching a new share repurchase plan in which it will buy back \$10 billion of company shares. The plan replaces a previous plan in which the company was buying back \$7 billion worth of shares.
Update 1: Unocal, Royal Dutch Leave China Project Unocal Corp. and the Royal Dutch/Shell Group are withdrawing from a project to exploit oil and gas in the East China Sea, the companies said Wednesday, citing  quot;commercial reasons.
Tossed Golf Ball Delays Marlins-Expos Game (AP) AP - The Expos and Marlins were pulled off the field during Montreal's final home game Wednesday night after a fan threw a golf ball that landed near second base.
Green Struggles to Mold Winner in Arizona (AP) AP - Taking the Minnesota Vikings to the playoffs is one thing. Turning the Arizona Cardinals into a winner is quite another.
Celtics Expect Gary Payton to Report (AP) AP - Gary Payton's offseason was marked by a cross-country trade, a missed deadline for taking a physical and an arrest for investigation of driving under the influence. Now the people who run his new team, the Boston Celtics, are eager to see the point guard on a basketball court.
Tokyo Stocks Bounce Up at Opening  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's key Nikkei average opened up 0.78  percent on Thursday as gains on Wall Street encouraged  investors to scoop up bargains including key technology stocks  following the market's nine days of losses.
Congress to Hear Fannie Mae CEO, CFO  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executive and chief  financial officer of mortgage finance company Fannie Mae  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt;, under fire for alleged accounting irregularities, will  appear before a congressional panel next week, a company  spokesman said on Wednesday.
51job Inc listed on NASDAQ The Chinese online human resources provider 51job Inc made its debut on the NASDAQ stock market in New York with an initial offering (IPO) price of US\$14 per share yesterday, China Daily reported Thursday.
Phishing Cost Consumers \$500 Million Online tricksters looking to dupe consumers out of credit card numbers and other personal information have netted about \$500 million from their hapless victims in the US, a national study released Wednesday showed.
IBM creates fastest super model in the world International Business Machines Corp (IBM) said it created the world #39;s fastest supercomputer and is using it as the model for smaller, less costly systems due next year that can handle trillions of calculations a second.
Big asteroid Toutatis passes (relatively) close to Earth At just past 6:30 am Pacific Time today, the mountain-size asteroid came within four times the distance of the moon to the Earth - a comparative measurement 
Silicon Image unveils low-cost storage appliance Semiconductor company Silicon Image Wednesday announced its SteelVine Storage Architecture and Appliance for the personal video recorder market and small to midsized businesses.
Tougher File-Trading Bill Moves Forward The US House of Representatives passed a bill this week that could allow criminal charges to be brought against individuals who use file-swapping Web sites or networks.
Chelsea defeat champs Porto 3-1 Jose Mourinho #39;s Chelsea put one foot in the second round of the Champions League yesterday with a 3-1 win over his former club, defending champions Porto.
DC #39;s baseball win official Proclaiming it a great day in Washington, Mayor Tony Williams confirmed Wednesday afternoon that Major League Baseball is returning to Washington.
Bradley suspended for remainder of season Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley was suspended for the remainder of the regular season by the league on Wednesday for his actions during Tuesday #39;s win against Colorado.
Cox modest about milestone As the chants of  quot;Bobby, Bobby, Bobby quot; sounded throughout Turner Field on Wednesday afternoon, the man who was the target of these cheers didn #39;t know how to react.
Japan battered by Typhoon Meari At least two people have been killed and several are reported missing after a powerful tropical storm struck south-western Japan. Tens of thousands of others were forced to flee their homes as Typhoon Meari #39;s 
Stock Fund Inflow Shrinks To  #36;1.09 Bil (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Amid a shaky market, investors put just  #36;1.09 billion into stock funds in August. The total reflects  #36;1.21 billion that shareholders pulled from stock funds investing in just the U.S.
Private space ship lands safely MOJAVE: SpaceShipOne has landed safely in the California desert after a wild corkscrew-like ascent into space, and is now a step closer to a \$US10 million prize intended to boost commercial-space travel.
Critics unimpressed with Kevin Spacey Theater critics reportedly were unimpressed with Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey #39;s debut as artistic director of Cloaca at London #39;s Old Vic Theater.
Storage On A Chip Silicon Image #39;s new lower-cost storage appliance should be more palatable to small and midsize businesses. By Martin J. Garvey.
Come 2005, Microsoft will bring Windows XP for beginners NEW DELHI: Microsoft said on Wednesday that starter edition of Windows XP (XP SE) operating system (OS) will be available in India from early 2005, a move that is expected to bring down prices of entry level PCs.
Del Neri takes over at AS Roma Former Chievo Verona coach Luigi Del Neri Wednesday took over to coach troubled Serie A club AS Roma, local media reported Wednesday.
Indian weightlifting federation banned temporarily : The Weightlifting Federation of India has been  quot;temporarily banned quot; from competition pending a decision by the sport #39;s international regulators, officials said on Thursday.
Arsenal not positive enough - Wenger Arsenal couldn #39;t hold a 1-0 lead in Norway as they drew 1-1 at Rosenborg last night. Freddie Ljungberg had the Gunners 1-0 ahead in the first-half, but that was cancelled out after the break after a superb effort from RBK #39;s Roar Strand.
Inter cruises to easy win over Andrelecht in Champions League Brazil #39;s Adriano scored a goal and set up another, leading Inter Milan to an easy 3-1 win over Anderlecht in Champions League Group G on Wednesday (early Thursday, Malaysian time).
CSKA Moscow overcome PSG CSKA Moscow continued their bright start to Group H of the Champions League tonight with a victory against PSG. Sergei Semak scored after 64 minutes for the Russian side, and he was instrumental in CSKA #39;s second as he was taken down.
Record home run hit lands in court In an action that combines America #39;s love of sport and litigation, two baseball fans have called on the courts to resolve their opposing claims to own the ball with which a top player hit a record 700th home run.
Few surprises -- or answers -- so far (Sept. 29, 2004) -- New England and Philadelphia clearly are the cream of the crop so far this season. I like Indianapolis, too, but I #39;m still not sold on its defense.
Screaming axeman attacks two pilots An Algerian asylum seeker with an axe injured the two pilots on a Norwegian internal flight yesterday before being dragged screaming from the cockpit by fellow passengers.
24 dead or missing in typhoon TYPHOON Meari continued to lash Japan with heavy rain today, leaving 12 people dead and another 12 missing, weather officials and police said.
Spies  #39;brokered \$1m hostage ransom deal #39; It is suspected that they were freed in exchange for a \$1 million ransom, a belief that has cast a cloud over national celebrations of the release.
REVIEW: IPod Speaker Sets Get a Hearing (AP) AP - Compact speakers for personal music players have been around since the original Walkman. Now that mini-hard drive music machines can hold your entire collection, the product category is back with a vengeance.
Schwarzenegger Vetoes E-Mail Monitoring Disclosure (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger vetoed on Wednesday a bill that would have\required the state's employers to give workers written\notification if e-mail and other Internet activity is being\monitored at work.
Pilot Completes 1st Stage of Space Flight (AP) AP - Ignoring a warning to abort the flight, a test pilot took a stubby-looking rocket plane on a corkscrewing, white-knuckle ride past the edge of the atmosphere Wednesday, completing the first stage of a quest to win a  #36;10 million prize.
Federal Scientists Search for Lost H-Bomb (AP) AP - The U.S. government is sending a team of 20 scientists to check out a report of unusual radiation readings that could be coming from a hydrogen bomb that was lost off the Georgia coast in 1958.
Researchers Find Allergy-Free Soybean (AP) AP - Plant geneticist Ted Hymowitz knew that finding an allergy-free soybean would take a painstaking search through thousands of varieties. So Hymowitz got a grant, fetched a hammer and pounded away until he proved he was right.
Russian Government to Discuss Approving Kyoto Pact (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government said on Wednesday\it would discuss ratifying the Kyoto Protocol on global climate\change to which Moscow holds the key.
British Hostage in Iraq Pleads for Help (AP) AP - A weeping British hostage was shown pleading for help between the bars of a makeshift cage in a video that surfaced Wednesday, a sobering reminder of the grim reality for at least 18 foreign captives still held by Iraqi militants.
Schwarzenegger Vetoes E-Mail Monitoring Disclosure  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold  Schwarzenegger vetoed on Wednesday a bill that would have  required the state's employers to give workers written  notification if e-mail and other Internet activity is being  monitored at work.
Kerry Says Bush Broke Promise on Oil (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday the  #36;50 per barrel price of oil reflects a broken promise of President Bush that will hurt average Americans.
Sudan Asks U.N. to Verify Darfur Refugee Returns (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan has asked the United Nations to\help verify reports that 190,000 refugees from the conflict-hit\western Darfur region have voluntarily returned to their homes,\the U.N. refugee agency chief said on Tuesday.
Creditors Agree to Defer Iraq Debt Payments - IMF  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The International Monetary Fund said  on Wednesday Iraq's official bilateral creditors had agreed to  defer debt the country owes them until the end of 2005.
Latin America Hard-Pressed on Poverty Goals - IADB  SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (Reuters) - Slow growth in Latin  American economies will hamper efforts to cut poverty in the  region in half by 2015, the Inter-American Development Bank  president said on Wednesday.
Voters to Judge Bush and Kerry on Foreign Policy in First Debate It is an axiom of the two presidential campaigns that their candidates offer a stark choice about America's role in the world.
02 announces European 3G network launch Mobile operator 02 #39;s parent mmO2 has this morning announced the launch its third-generation European data network. The network will incorporate HSDPA (high-speed downlink packet access) technology and IMS 
Group Warns of Mount St. Helens Eruption SEATTLE - Mount St. Helens began rumbling more intensely Wednesday, prompting scientists to warn that a small or moderate eruption could happen in the next few days...
Briefly: HP may expand Puerto Rican research roundup Plus: HP also uses Hitachi drives in servers, storage...Microsoft boosts reporting tools...Circuit City picks up AT #38;T Net phone plan...Tech firms rally against copyright bill.
HP may expand Puerto Rican research Hewlett-Packard is considering an expansion of its research operations in Puerto Rico for pharmaceutical work and other tasks.
Desktop Linux a vehicle for pirating Windows Consulting firm reports that about 40 percent of Linux PCs will be modified to run an illegal copy of Windows.
RFID gets a reality check At Baltimore pow-wow, hype over new electronic tracking technology is tempered by concerns about cost, privacy and quality.
Salesforce.com launches on-demand support CEO says demand for automated support and service drives addition to customer resource management products.
HP using Hitachi drives in servers, storage Hewlett-Packard says it is putting 300GB hard drives into storage devices and servers, with more products in October.
Stocks open higher on advances in US shares TOKYO - Stocks opened higher Thursday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as overnight advances in US shares prompted widespread buying of recently battered stocks.
Nasdaq Chief Sees Changes Ahead NEW YORK - Nasdaq plans to list itself on its own National Market by the end of the year, President and Chief Executive Robert Greifeld said Wednesday.
A stinker? Critics pan Spacey #39;s Old Vic debut When Sir Laurence Olivier made the Old Vic in London the base of the embryonic National Theatre, he opened with Hamlet. Four decades later, Kevin Spacey, the film star, selected 
Match Reaction From Milan Martin ONeill is refusing to throw in the European towel after his side went down to two late goals in Milan, leaving Celtic pointless after two matches.
No Davis for Carolina in Week 4 Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - The Carolina Panthers will be without running back Stephen Davis for Sunday #39;s matchup with the Atlanta Falcons.
Packers Going Through Some Trying Times (AP) AP - A fight between teammates, incessant trade talk about Mike McKenzie, Brett Favre's bum shoulder, a desolated defense.
Baseball's Return to D.C. Long Time Coming (AP) AP - The last time the nation's capital was home to the national pastime, the game was literally a riot.
Wal-Mart Vice Chairman Coughlin to Retire (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  on Monday\said Tom Coughlin will retire as vice chairman after 25 years\with the world's largest retailer.
Good news: 'Phishing' scams net &lt;i&gt;only&lt;/i&gt; \$500 million Three-quarters of wired Americans have noticed an increase in phishing incidents during the past few months, according to new data.
Glavine Fears Mets' Shakeup Reveals Instability The doors are spinning again for the Mets and it is troubling to the veteran pitcher Tom Glavine, who has not had much to feel good about since signing with the team.
Knicks' Houston Proceeding With Caution Allan Houston called playing in the Nov. 3 season opener at Minnesota a realistic goal, but also said, "I don't think anything's a lock."
Police turn forensic skills on handhelds A federal agency examines forensic tools to help law enforcement extract data from handheld gadgets.\
Tiger Woods' Back an Issue at Amex Tiger Woods felt stiffness in his back after seven holes Wednesday and decided to call it a day, not wanting to aggravate the week-old injury and not entirely certain he would be able to defend his title in the American Express Championship. The way his year has gone, that's just his luck.
Expecting More Virginia's roaring 4-0 start has earned notice nationally. Yet the Cavaliers are well aware that they haven't really accomplished anything yet.
Minors Director Fired After sending no minor league teams to their respective playoffs, first-year minor league director Doc Rodgers is fired by the Orioles on Wednesday.
Tokyo Stocks Bounce Back, Led by Techs  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's key Nikkei average rose 1.01  percent by mid-morning on Thursday as gains on Wall Street  encouraged investors to scoop up bargains including key  technology stocks following the market's nine days of losses.
Yen Back Under Pressure; Oil, Tankan Eyed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen was back under pressure on  Thursday from oil prices and as market players awaited the Bank  of Japan's quarterly survey of corporate sentiment.
Conoco buys stake in Russian oil firm : ConocoPhillips said on Wednesday it was seeking 20 per cent in Russias LUKOIL in a far-reaching alliance opening the way for the two oil majors to tap vast reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.
Clicks and mortar not a firm foundation IF services conglomerate Cendant buys the third-largest US online travel company, Orbitz, as looks probable, then it will be widely seen as another step towards breaking down any lingering sense that business over the internet is  quot;special quot; compared to 
From pesto to porridge for Martha Stewart Martha Stewart, who built an empire teaching Americans how to cook, garden and entertain, is facing a very different lifestyle after being told to report to a prison in West Virginia by October 8. The US bureau 
Greece #39;s funding under threat The European commission threatened yesterday to suspend development funds to Greece in response to Athens #39;s admission that it had disguised the extent of the country #39;s debts in order to join the euro.
Update 1: Jamdat Mobile, 51job IPOs Soar in Debuts Chinese recruitment firm 51job Inc. and Jamdat Mobile Inc., a developer of mobile phone applications, shot out of the starting gate in trading activity Wednesday after both companies priced their initial public offerings above expectations.
IBM ordered to pay court costs to Compuware New York, September 28: Compuware Corp, a maker of software to manage computer systems, on Monday said a federal court had ordered International Business Machines Corp to pay certain pretrial court costs related to Compuware #39;s ongoing lawsuit against the 
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks Slip, Dollar Up Tokyo stocks slid for an eighth straight session Tuesday amid concerns about rising oil prices. The US dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Apple Plans EU Expansion of iTunes Next Month Apple Computer is planning the next wave of expansion for its popular iTunes online music store with a multi-country European launch in 
Blu-ray rivals set up promotional group Four proponents of high-definition DVD technology will invite component manufacturers to join a group set up to help speed its commercialization, while Sony has confirmed that it will use blue lasers in its next Playstation console.
Kevin McCarra at Stamford Bridge For so sober and meticulous a team, Chelsea have made surprisingly short work of Group H. The holders Porto clutch just one point after this and Paris St-Germain none at all, making the progress of Jose Mourinho #39;s men virtually certain.
Woods beset by ifs and maybes Tiger Woods may not play in the American Express World Golf Championship, which starts at Mount Juliet, near Kilkenny, today and he may get married next week in Barbados.
Zimbabwe officials halt racism hearing Zimbabwe cricket #39;s international status was left hanging in the balance yesterday when the first day of the International Cricket Council #39;s investigation into allegations of racism was marred by the sort of intimidation which has, according to the former 
Monkey Off Their Back Ironically it was the first regular season game for the Carolina Panthers that not only began the history of the franchise, but also saw the beginning of a rivalry that goes on to this day.
ConocoPhillips pays \$2bn for Lukoil stake American oil company ConocoPhillips acquired the Russian government #39;s 7.6 stake in Lukoil yesterday, after bidding almost \$2bn (1.
Delphi gets SEC subpoena Automotive parts supplier Delphi Corp. said Wednesday it received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission in late July related to agreements with Electronic Data Systems Corp.
Devices Up on Medicare Decision Medical device stocks were in the spotlight Wednesday with Medicare #39;s proposal late Tuesday to expand coverage for implantable cardioverter defibrillators, or ICDs, bolstering shares of those companies making the devices.
Private Spacecraft Makes Successful Trip to Space The private spacecraft SpaceShipOne briefly entered space above the California desert Wednesday, completing the first of two qualifying flights for the \$10 million X Prize.
Dakar winner Sainct killed in Rally of the Pharaohs Three-time Dakar Rally winner Richard Sainct has been killed in an accident during the fourth stage of the Rally of the Pharoahs in Egypt.
Democracy takes a back seat The sound emanating from back-rooms at the Labour Party conference in the Brighton Centre yesterday was the unedifying one of backs being scratched.
Prices ease as US stocks rise OIL prices dropped from record highs above \$50 a barrel yesterday as weekly US inventory data showed a surprise increase in crude stocks, easing fears over stretched international supplies.
Fannie Mae mess is one for the books Fannie Mae, the government-sponsored mortgage company whose financial statements were strongly criticized in a report by its regulator last week, looks set to join Enron and WorldCom in the hall of accounting infamy.
Wall Street treads water as traders await fresh direction US STOCKS were narrowly mixed yesterday as investors digested a jump in second-quarter gross domestic product, while keeping a close eye on falling oil prices.
Salesforce.com Touts Customer-Service Apps Seeking to diversify beyond its sales-force-automation roots, Salesforce.com on Wednesday introduced a new on-demand call center and help desk application service called Supportforce.
HUM.. WHY THE EARTH #39;S SINGING SCIENTISTS believe they have finally worked out what makes the Earth sing. They have long been mystified by a constant deep drone, far below the range of the human ear, which has been picked up by seismic equipment.
AT amp;T reaches out to data-driven profits With its new Ogo mobile device, AT amp;T Wireless says goodbye to voice traffic and embraces the IM-savvy youth market. For AT amp;T Wireless, talk clearly is overrated - which is why the wireless provider launched a device that doesnt make calls.
Samsung working on tiny drive com September 29, 2004, 6:50 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Mourinho gives Porto the blues MANAGER Jose Mourinho got the better of his former club and Chelseas Champions League ambitions remained firmly on track following last nights comfortable win over Porto.
Reports: Expos move imminent NEW YORK (Ticker) -- The Montreal Expos have a home and Washington DC once again has a team. According to numerous reports, Major League Baseball formally will announce Wednesday that the Expos will be relocated 
REDS 2, CUBS 1, 12TH INNING Elusive Last Out in 9th Haunts Cubs &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The silence was unearthly, as if 38,190 people were sitting in the Wrigley Field stands Wednesday afternoon bound and gagged. The Cubs are in a mad chase for the wild card 
San Jose hopeful after baseball moves Expos to DC Baseball #39;s decision to move the Montreal Expos to Washington gave officials in San Jose reason for optimism in their bid to acquire a major league team.
Iran stresses need to promote ties with Russia TEHRAN (IRNA) -- Head of Majlis National Security and foreign Policy Commission Alaeddin Borujerdi here Wednesday urged promotion of economic cooperation with Russia through the efforts of he two countries #39; officials alongside with their growing political 
Tokyo Stocks Rise, Technology Firms Lead  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's key Nikkei average rose 1.14  percent by midday on Thursday as gains on Wall Street  encouraged investors to scoop up bargains, including key  technology stocks, following the market's nine previous days of  losses.
SEC subpeonas Delphi over EDS payments Automotive parts supplier Delphi Corp. (NYSE: DPH) received a subpoena from the US Securities and Exchange Commission in late July in connection with agreements with Electronic Data Systems Corp.
FOOTBALL: GIGGS: DON #39;T BURN HIM OUT RYAN GIGGS insists demands on Wayne Rooney should be kept to a minimum to avoid premature burnout. The 18-year-old #39;s hat-trick debut at Old Trafford sent Manchester United fans into a frenzy.
Move produces mixed emotions It was 3:45 pm ET on Wednesday afternoon when Expos president Tony Tavares held a team meeting to inform the players that the Expos franchise would be relocated to Washington, DC, starting in 2005.
Blair vows to respond  #39;immediately #39; if contacted by Iraq hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON, Sept 30 (AFP) - Hopes remained alive Thursday for the life of Briton Ken Bigley as Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed to respond  quot;immediately quot; if his hostage takers in Iraq contacted the British government.
Blown save in ninth leads to loss on homer in 12th com. Last season, the Cubs were 27-17 in one-run games and won the National League Central Division. This year, the Cubs are 19-28 in those situations and fighting to stay alive in the Wild Card race.
Western Leaders Criticize Putin More than 100 American and European foreign policy experts signed a letter protesting against Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s leadership.
Choose and cut farms thrive as fake trees gain market share As Kevin Houde wielded the saw, his 4-year-old son Cameron squatted on the ground beside him. Working as a team, they made a clean cut at the base of the 7-foot tree that will mark the Christmas season in their home this year.
Red Hat acquires AOL's Netscape server software The Linux seller plans to release the Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software in a bid to expand beyond its core product.
Samsung working on tiny drive The 0.85-inch diameter drive is a candidate for cell phone storage, but can the product compete against flash memory?
Telecom Italia to Buy Rest of Mobile Unit, People Say (Update2) Telecom Italia SpA, Italy #39;s largest phone company, plans to buy the 44 percent of wireless unit Telecom Italia Mobile SpA it doesn #39;t already own, a stake with a market value of about 
Congress Debates 411 Wireless Directory Legislation Subcommittee hears objections to, support for 411 wireless directory legislation.
Gateway PC Delivers New Motherboard Standard BTX technology cools down the company's new 700GR desktop.
Wolfensohn's Chance at 3rd Term Unclear World Bank President James D. Wolfensohn would like to make one thing clear as he approaches the end of his second five-year term:  "I can say categorically, I am not campaigning" for a third stint as head of the agency, he declared.
San Francisco Hotel Workers Strike Unionized workers at four large San Francisco hotels went on strike Wednesday morning over issues similar to those causing an impasse between hotels and their workers at several large hotels in Washington.
Lenovo said to buy IBMs PC business Lenovo Group stayed silent Friday about reports it was talking with IBM Corp. about buying the US companys personal computer business, but an executive hinted that the Chinese 
U.S. Revises 2nd-Quarter Growth to 3.3 Rate The U.S. economy's soft patch last spring was a bit firmer than previously thought.
Restatement Decision Deferred The Securities and Exchange Commission is months away from deciding whether Washington mortgage giant Fannie Mae will need to restate its earnings in the aftermath of a sharply critical report on its accounting practices, according to government and company officials.
No-Bid Defense Contracts Common More than 40 percent of the Pentagon's \$900 billion in prime contracts during the past six years have been awarded without competitive bidding, according to a Center for Public Integrity study released Wednesday. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Judge Strikes Down Section of Patriot Act Allowing Secret Subpoenas of Internet Data A federal judge ruled that the provision broadly violated the Constitution by giving federal authorities unchecked powers to obtain private information.
Pentagon Spends Without Bids, a Study Finds More than 40 percent of Pentagon business, a total of \$362 billion, has been awarded on a no-bid basis over the last six years.
I.M.F. Asks China to Free Its Currency From Dollar The International Monetary Fund added its voice to the growing calls for China to float its currency immediately.
Imf Warns House Buyers to  #39;Exercise Caution #39; Sudden changes in the housing market pose the biggest threat to the UK economy, the world financial watchdog warned today. In an unusually stark message, the International Monetary 
Fresh ALH bid pushes market to new record A bidding war for Australia #39;s biggest hotel owner has helped push the Australian share market into record territory yet again.
Gateway PC Delivers New Motherboard Standard Gateway #39;s new 700GR desktop PC, based on a new chassis design that focuses on helping cool high-end processors and graphics cards, will be available this weekend at US retail stores.
A 3-Decade Campaign Is Over: Baseball Is Back in Washington Back in the days when the Washington Senators were losers, which was often, there was a saying:  quot;First in war, first in peace, and last in the American League.
Gateway PC Delivers New Motherboard Standard (PC World) PC World - BTX technology cools down the company's new 700GR desktop.
Sexual abuse trials underway on Pitcairn Pitcairn Island #39;s sex trials have started this morning with Mayor Steve Christian the first to face the court. The prosecution has told the court Mr Christian committed offences against four women between 1964 and 1975.
UN calls for more AU monitors in Darfur Camps The United Nations said on Wednesday that African Union monitors should be deployed in Darfur refugee camps and should also monitor police to help in building trust with the local community.
Qantas #39; Jetstar Asia lifts off for a long haul future QANTAS chief Geoff Dixon is confident the new low cost Asian airline launched yesterday in Singapore will last the disance. Qantas owns 49 per cent of Jetstar Asia, a sister airline to Jetstar Australia, along 
IBM OKs Partial Pension Suit Settlement (AP) AP - IBM Corp. and plaintiffs challenging the legality of its pension plan agreed to a deal Wednesday that settles most claims and caps the company's potential liability at  #36;1.7 billion. The company previously had estimated that a settlement could cost up to  #36;6.5 billion.
IBM Settles Some Pension Suit Issues International Business Machines Corp. said Wednesday it had agreed to settle most of the issues in a suit over changes in its pension plans on terms that allow the company to continue to appeal a key question while capping its liability at \$1.7 billion. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Akamai Strives for a Safer, Speedier Net It was dark and eerily quiet in the command center of Akamai Technologies Inc., a company whose mission of easing Internet traffic jams gives it a clear view of what's happening on the Internet.
Oil Ends Below  #36;50 on Nigerian Cease-Fire (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices slid from record highs\above  #36;50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a\surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's\oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire with\the government.
IMF Says China Able to Slow Economy (AP) AP - China can manage to slow its roaring economy to a sustainable level, but only if it avoids loosening curbs on lending and investment too quickly, the International Monetary Fund said Wednesday.
Russia 'to ratify climate treaty' Russia appears set to approve the Kyoto climate change treaty, which could lead to its adoption worldwide.
IBM reaches settlement in pension suit NEW YORK -- IBM Corp. agreed to a deal Wednesday that all but settles a case in which 140,000 workers claimed the computer giant #39;s pension plan discriminated against older workers.
Mutual-fund industry buffeted by regulators, media, markets: IFIC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Canadian mutual fund operators face a triple threat from regulatory probes, negative news coverage and lacklustre financial markets, the head of the industry #39;s national association said Wednesday.
Rocket plane lands safely after bid for X Prize Despite a few tense moments, the SpaceShipOne rocket plane made a successful manned flight into space, putting it in the lead in the race to win the \$10-million Ansari X Prize.
Jeff Gordon has momentum Motorsport.com. Momentum is a funny thing in racing. It #39;s not something that you can see or hear. It #39;s not easy to put your finger on exactly when it starts.
Italian Officials Dispute Reports of Ransom Italy #39;s government dismissed reports Wednesday that it paid \$1 million to free two Italian aid workers who were kidnapped in Iraq and held for three weeks before being released Tuesday.
Sudanese Villagers Attacked in Darfur Haggard survivors of fighting in southern Darfur, thorns stuck to their bloody feet, straggled into this refugee community before dawn Wednesday and told harrowing 
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Pedro Martinez tries to stop a personal three-game losing streak this evening when the Boston Red Sox attempt a three-game sweep of the Tampa Bay Devil Rays at Tropicana Field.
Expos not quite out of limbo where? -- for so long now, it #39;s easy to overlook one pesky little problem: There are still a whole mess of questions that haven #39;t been answered about the Expos #39; move to Washington.
IMF Approves Aid for Iraq, Pushes for Debt Relief (Reuters) Reuters - The International Monetary Fund on\Wednesday approved  #36;436 million in emergency lending to Iraq\and said it hoped its backing would generate additional\international economic support, including debt relief.
U.S. Denies Cubans Visas for Conference (AP) AP - Cuban scholars charged Wednesday that the U.S. government denied visas to more than 60 Cubans seeking to attend conference on Latin America in the United States.
Alaska Judge Orders Ballots Reprinted (AP) AP - A Superior Court judge on Wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all its ballots for the Nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased.
UK hopes for Iraq hostage contact Britain says it is doing all it can to free UK hostage  Kenneth Bigley, but rules out deals with Iraqi militants.
Putin: Don #39;t meddle in Ukraine Ankara - Russian President Vladimir Putin strongly warned on Monday against foreign interference in Ukraine and other former Soviet republics and suggested that Ukraine #39;s opposition was seeking power at any price.
Faulty gene link to obesity risk The old adage that being overweight "is in the genes" may be true, at least partially, for some, say researchers.
A 3-Decade Campaign Is Over: Baseball Is Back in Washington In the first relocation of a major league team since last time the Washington Senators left, the Expos are headed to the nation's capital.
Division Is Almost in Yanks' Hands After a doubleheader sweep of the Minnesota Twins, the Yankees can clinch the A.L. East championship on Thursday by beating them again.
Alaska Judge Orders Ballots Reprinted ANCHORAGE, Alaska - A Superior Court judge on Wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all its ballots for the Nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased...
Alaska Judge Orders Ballots Reprinted ANCHORAGE, Alaska - A Superior Court judge on Wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all of its ballots for the Nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased...
Italian Officials Dispute Reports of Ransom Italy's government dismissed reports Wednesday that it paid \$1 million to free two Italian aid workers who were kidnapped in Iraq and held for three weeks before being released Tuesday.
Jordan Acts to Curb a Rising Chorus of Critics As violence worsens in Iraq on Jordan's eastern border and in the West Bank in the opposite direction, the kingdom's traditionally moderate Islamic activists have intensified their rhetoric denouncing the government.
Attackers Kill Three Afghan Soldiers Taliban gunmen crept up to an Afghan government office under cover of darkness early Wednesday and launched a battle that left three Afghan soldiers and four attackers dead, police said.
Dad ID's Kidnapped Daughter in Colombia Daniela Vanegas, a bright-eyed girl with thick, dark tresses, was kidnapped almost a year ago as she boarded her school bus in Bogota.
San Francisco Workers Strike Unionized workers at four large San Francisco hotels went on strike yesterday morning over issues similar to those causing an impasse between hotels and their workers at several large hotels in Washington.
US Revises 2nd-Quarter Growth to 3.3 Rate The gross domestic product, the broadest measure of economic output, grew at a 3.3 percent annual rate in the second quarter, the Commerce Department reported yesterday, revising its earlier estimate of 2.8 percent.
D-Rays Dim Boston's Bid for AL East Title (AP) AP - The Tampa Bay Devil Rays damaged Boston's slim chances of winning the AL East, beating Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox 9-4 Wednesday night.
George Solomon In a career that spanned 75 years of writing for The Washington Post, the late columnist Shirley Povich covered some of the most memorable sporting events of the century.
Angels center fielder agravates knee Anaheim Angels: Center fielder Garret Anderson left the game at Texas because of a sore left knee. The Angels said Anderson irritated the patella tendon near his left knee.
U.S. Women Defeat Iceland 3-0 (AP) AP - Abby Wambach had a goal and an assist as the U.S. women's national soccer team beat Iceland 3-0 Wednesday night in the second game of its 10-game Olympic gold medal victory tour.
Marshall Holds Off Miami, Ohio 33-25 (AP) AP - Stan Hill threw three touchdown passes and Marshall held off a late rally to beat Miami, Ohio 33-25 Wednesday night.
O'Neal Takes Shot Shaquille O'Neal dismissed as "ridiculous" Kobe Bryant's allegations that O'Neal had paid up to \$1 million in hush money to various women and then took his own shot at his former teammate.
Conoco and Lukoil: Everyone Wins The US oil giant got a good price, Russia #39;s No. 1 oil company acquired a savvy partner, and Putin polished Russia #39;s image.
Martha Stewart headed to West Virginia prison Martha Stewart says she #39;s happy she #39;ll be able to serve her time so soon, although she #39;ll be doing it in a different prison than she #39;d requested.
Report: Black may leave Hollinger Mogul Conrad Black is in negotiations that may culminate in his resignation from Hollinger Inc., according to a published report Thursday.
PRIVATE ROCKETSHIP TO SPACE AND BACK The advent of space tourism is one step closer with the safe return this week of a private manned rocketship from the edge of space.
Google #39;s Chinese Wall The search outfit boasts of making all the information in the world just a click away. These days that doesn #39;t seem to apply in China.
Greenback strengthened slightly after energy price spike pressures &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dollar strengthened slightly against major currencies in Asian trade yesterday, with the yen coming under pressure from a further spike in crude oil prices, dealers said.
Woolworths tops rival pubs offer Retailer Woolworths raised its bid Thursday for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group (ALH) by 15 percent to Aust. \$1.11 billion (\$795 million), topping an offer by private equity firm Newbridge Capital.
Sun burn Mystics, advance to conference finals An infusion of young talent and a change of scenery has done wonders for the former Orlando Miracle. Reborn last year as the Connecticut Sun, the team landed in the WNBA Eastern Conference 
St. Louis at Houston, 8:05 PM HOUSTON (Ticker) -- The Houston Astros will try to set a franchise record for consecutive home wins and inch closer to the National League wild card lead when they wrap up a three-game set with the St.
Forty apparent asylum seekers make bid for freedom in PRC A group of 44 people, at least some of them North Koreans, entered the Canadian Embassy yesterday, using ladders to scale a spiked fence in what appeared to be one of the biggest recent asylum bids by refugees from the North.
REGION: UNSC shouldnt take up Iran nuclear issue MOSCOW: Russia is against bringing up Irans nuclear programme at the UN Security Council and thinks the issue should be handled by the bodys nuclear watchdog, a top official said on Wednesday.
NZ will keep pushing for apology over Mossad  #39;agents #39; NZ PM Clark demands apology for actions of suspected Mossad agents jailed for passport fraud; Eli Cara, Uriel Kelman released on Wed.
Inter Conquer Brussels Inter emerged as the winners over Anderlecht in Brussels to claim the first spot in the Champions League Group G. The nerazzurri took the lead nearly immediately when Adriano from the left served a low powerful 
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Roger Clemens tries to win his seventh straight decision and possibly vault the Houston Astros into the lead in the National League wild card standings, as they go for a three-game sweep of the NL Central champion St.
14 dead after typhoon hits Japan A weakening Typhoon Meari swept through northern Japan after killing at least 14 people and leaving 13 missing in two days of floods and landslides caused by heavy rain.
Looters Impede Aid to Haiti; UN Sending More Troops The United Nations rushed hundreds more peacekeepers to storm-ravaged Gonaves on Monday to stem looting, while hundreds of weary Haitians lined up for 
Salesforce.com expands call center support SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Hosted CRM evangelist Salesforce.com Inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer service support functionality, launching a new Web 
BYTE OF THE APPLE Steven P. Jobs loves the Beatles. He plays the Liverpool quartet #39;s songs at Apple expositions, and the CEO of Apple Computer (AAPL ) has even compared his own management team to the Fab Four.
Rogers wins unique double gold Michael Rogers made up for his disappointment in the Olympic time trial by collecting the gold medal in the world championships - twice.
Tony Stewart: Championship charge culminated at Talladega In the fall of 2002, Tony Stewart left Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway as the NASCAR Winston Cup Series point leader. He came into the fourth and final restrictor plate race of 
Oil Prices Slip as Supply Threats Ease  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slid toward \$49 a barrel  on Thursday after U.S. crude stocks rose unexpectedly and  rebels in Nigeria's oil-rich delta region agreed to a  cease-fire with the government, reducing an imminent threat to  supplies.
Yen Trims Losses as Tankan, G7 Eyed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen trimmed losses made against the  dollar earlier on Thursday, but gains were limited as investors  refrained from taking fresh positions ahead of the Bank of  Japan's quarterly survey of corporate sentiment.
Free Net phone upstart sues Vonage, Fry #39;s Internet phone service Sipphone has charged Vonage Holdings and retailer Fry #39;s Electronics with false advertising for failing to adequately disclose limitations on hardware that allows phone calls to be placed over a broadband connection.
Stocks End Up on Economic Growth Reading and Higher Oil Prices Stocks rose today as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product and kept a close eye on lower oil prices.
Economy Grew at 3.3 Percent Rate in 2nd Quarter While the economic growth in the U.S. was significantly better than a previous estimate, it was still the weakest showing in more than a year.
Moya helps Spain draw first blood CARLOS Moya fired Spain into a 1-0 lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final yesterday. In front of a record tennis crowd of 27,200, the former world No 1 bamboozled Mardy Fish 6-4, 6-2, 6-3 at Seville #39;s Olympic Stadium.
Miss Peru Wins World Beauty Title Miss Peru, Maria Julia Mantilla Garcia, was crowned Miss World 2004 at a glittering event held in China. Miss Dominican Republic Claudia Julissa Cruz Rodriguez was the first runner-up, and Miss USA Nancy Randall was third.
Solanki enjoys Bulawayo surface Vikram Solanki praised the quality of the wicket at the Queen #39;s Sports Club after his match-winning century against Zimbabwe in Bulawayo on Saturday.
Tim's Cook-For-Yourself Diet Plan:  Save money and lose weight My weight has been up and down over the past several years.  I'd lose weight, but I'd have trouble keeping it off, and all the other problems that many people have.  Looking back on it, I find that one of my biggest problems is lack of discipline.  While I could keep myself under control for a while, that control would slip, and the weight would come back.    Over the past year, however, I have managed to find a diet plan which I have been successful with.  As with anything that works well, the progress has been slow, but it has been steady.  This diet plan is of my own devising, so your mileage may vary, but I think it's a lot of common sense that you've already heard anyway.
The Division Is Almost in the Yankees' Hands After a doubleheader sweep of the Minnesota Twins, the Yankees can clinch the A.L. East championship on Thursday by beating them again.
White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the Guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    Meanwhile, the White House on Wednesday night produced a previously unreleased document from Bush's personnel file on his military service, seven months after it said all materials on the subject had been given to the public...
IMF Approves \$436 Million Loan for Iraq The International Monetary Fund approved a \$436 million loan to Iraq on Wednesday, a milestone in the nation #39;s effort to normalize its finances and rebuild its economy.
Stewart to serve sentence in West Virginia She wanted Connecticut. She would have settled for Florida. But on Wednesday, Martha Stewart drew the short straw. She was assigned to serve her sentence at a federal 
Reaching for the Sky A private manned rocket soared into space for a second time yesterday, landing successfully after an unexpectedly bumpy ride that nearly meant an early end to the team #39;s bid to win a \$10 million prize.
IBM claims BlueGene/L now world #39;s most powerful supercomputer IBM announced today that an IBM BlueGene/L supercomputer has surpassed NEC #39;s Earth Simulator in Japan to become the world #39;s most powerful supercomputer.
Dolphins Receiver Chambers Questionable (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Tim Bowens, who has yet to play this season, will miss Sunday's game against the New York Jets with a herniated disc in his back.
Real Madrid celebrates comeback MADRID: It wasnt just the late September sun that the Spanish capital was basking in here on Wednesday, there was a warm glow as well from the way Real Madrid came back from two goals down to beat Roma 4-2 in Tuesdays Champions League group B match.
Pakistan captain eyes history Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq wants to put the disappointment of his team #39;s ICC Champions Trophy semifinal loss behind him with a victory Thursday against a young Zimbabwe in the opening game of the triangular one-day series.
Specially marked balls used for Ichiro as he closes in on record US Major League baseball has released to the press the specially marked balls used for when Ichiro Suzuki bats as he closes in on the record for most hits in a season.
MLB: Houston 6, St. Louis 4 Jeff Bagwell singled in the go-ahead run in the seventh Wednesday night, giving Houston its franchise-record 15th straight home win, 6-4 over St.
 #39;It was just enough. For now #39;  quot;Tony Blair #39;s conference speech ... his 10th as leader of the Labour party, demonstrated why he is still the political conjuror of the day.
COLUMN: Major League Baseball Strikes Out in Montreal  TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada bid a final adieu to the  Montreal Expos who disappeared from the country's sports scene  on Wednesday in a wave of bitterness and nostalgia.
Free Net phone upstart sues Vonage, Fry's Net phone service and retailer push misleading products on consumers, Sipphone charges.
Players' Tempers Burn in the Land of Playoff Fever Baseball suspended Milton Bradley for the rest of the regular season Wednesday for throwing the kind of tantrum that is becoming commonplace in California.
Reducing Information Overkill Vivisimo has launched Clusty, a meta search engine with an impressive array of tools that helps you quickly find relevant results from a variety of information sources.
Google Shares Just May Be Winners After All Wall Street, which forced Google, the Internet search engine, to lower the price of its shares sharply in its initial public offering in August, has decided that the company is worth a lot more today than it was then.
Schools Relax Cellphone Bans, Nodding to Trend Rather than banning the phones outright, schools are capitulating to demands of parents and market realities, and allowing students to carry cellphones in school.
Wisconsin State Journal Someday, we may see Wednesday as being one of the most important dates in the history of aviation. The flight of  quot;SpaceShipOne, quot; however, seemed almost routine - at least until one thought about how miraculous it was.
Ontario spammer sued by Microsoft, Amazon.com A 25-year-old Kitchener, Ont. man is being sued again, this time by giants Microsoft and Amazon.com, for allegedly clogging cyberspace with fraudulent junk mail.
Tech Briefs SourceLabs has raised \$3.5 million in a first round of funding from Ignition Partners and Index Ventures. The Seattle startup, which was founded earlier this year, will help companies integrate and deploy open source software.
Reds 4, Cubs 3, 12 innings Austin Kearns tied the game with a two-out double in the ninth inning, then hit a two-run homer in the 12th and the Cincinnati Reds dealt the Chicago Cubs a key loss, 4-3 Wednesday.
Iraq captors wanted US\$5 million ransom KUWAIT - The Kuwaiti newspaper that predicted the release of two Italian hostages in Iraq says the captors had originally demanded a US\$5 million (\$7.
Former world leaders urge Western pressure on Putin over state of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : Dozens of political figures including former heads of state and government have signed a letter calling on the West to toughen its stand on the state of democracy in Russia.
Motorola to cut 1,000 jobs, take \$50 million charge Motorola spokeswoman Jennifer Weyrauch said the cuts would be made worldwide  quot;to better align our work force quot; and in anticipation of the separation of its chip operations, now operating independently as Freescale Semiconductor Inc.
KING/5 owner Belo plans to cut jobs DALLAS -- Belo Corp. said yesterday that it would cut 250 jobs, more than half of them at its flagship newspaper, The Dallas Morning News, and that an internal investigation into circulation overstatements 
Search Upstart Launches New Site (AP) AP - Online search engine upstart Vivisimo Inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that Google Inc.'s vaunted technology isn't the most efficient way to find things on the Internet.
\$10 million is just one flight away The first private manned rocket glided into space a second time and returned to Earth after recovering from a wild roll on its ascent on Wednesday in a bid to earn the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
ITALY REJOICES: Captives return from captivity At times, they feared for their lives. They spent many days with blindfolds pressed against their eyes. Their Iraqi captors were convinced they were spies or proselytizers of Catholicism.
Forteen Dead as Storm Batters Japan The death toll from a tropical storm buffeting Japan rose today to 14 after searchers found more victims, including two men buried inside their homes beneath mud and debris that had barreled down a mountainside.
Millions Join to Fight Bird Flu in Thailand Millions of volunteers led by emergency teams fanned out across Thailand today in a new drive to fight bird flu after the prime minister gave officials 30 days to eradicate the epidemic.
California Governor Vetoes Privacy Bills  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold  Schwarzenegger on Wednesday vetoed three bills aimed at   boosting e-mail privacy at work as well as safeguard private  medical and financial data.
Lehman in Talks to Buy UK Hedge Fund -WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment bank Lehman Brothers  Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a large  British hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
New Company Starts Up a Challenge to Google Google executives have long conceded that one of their great fears is to be overtaken by a more advanced Internet search technology.
Martha Stewart #39;s new abode ALDERSON - Starting Oct. 8, Martha Stewart will begin serving her five-month sentence for lying to federal investigators here, in the Alderson Federal Prison Camp.
Courtesy KHOU-TV After SpaceShipOne and its veteran pilot survived a whirling, nail-biting ascent Wednesday, the pioneering team that pulled off the private space journey could be just days from a second trip that would guarantee a multimillion-dollar bounty.
Closing the gaps in open source When it comes to open-source issues, companies need a single throat to choke if something goes wrong, said Brad Silverberg of Ignition Partners, a venture capital firm based in Bellevue , Washington .
Battle brews over California emissions rule Automakers, SUV owners, and the federal government may balk at the state #39;s latest effort to curb air pollution. By Daniel B. Wood  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Mystics bow meekly out of playoffs Nykesha Sales may have scored a team-high 18 points to lead the Connecticut Sun to a 76-56 victory over the Mystics in Game 3 of last night #39;s WNBA Eastern Conference 
Cubs crumble, lose in 12th CHICAGO - One strike from an important victory, the Chicago Cubs ended up with another agonizing defeat that damaged their drive to the playoffs.
Red-hot Astros edge Cardinals HOUSTON (Ticker) -- Jeff Bagwell made sure the Houston Astros did not waste a golden opportunity in the National League wild card chase.
Blair faces vote amidst hostage crisis The anguish of hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq hangs over Prime Minister Tony Blair today as he faces the twin test of a local election and a debate by his Labour Party about the divisive war.
FG Holds Talks with Niger Delta Militants The Federal Government yesterday revealed that security agencies are holding talks in Abuja with the leadership of the Niger Delta Peoples Volunteer Force (NDPVF), led by Alhaji Asari Dokubo, over the continued unrest in the Niger Delta.
Mariners Defeat Athletics 4-2 (AP) AP - Ichiro Suzuki got one hit and plenty of help in knocking Oakland out of first place. Suzuki's fifth-inning single gave him 255 hits, two shy of George Sisler's 84-year-old major league record, and the Seattle Mariners sent the Athletics into second place in the AL West for the first time since Aug. 5 with a 4-2 victory Wednesday night.
Sisler Known Again Thanks to Ichiro (AP) AP - Day and night, Dave Sisler is tracking every hit by Ichiro Suzuki. The former big league pitcher tunes in the radio each evening, his wife checks the boxscores in the morning.
Astros Continue Charge Jeff Bagwell drives in two runs and Jeff Kent hit his 300th career homer to send the Astros to a 6-4 win over the Cardinals.
Padres Edge Giants Mark Loretta hits a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the 10th inning and the Padres beat the Giants 4-3 Wednesday night to knock the San Francisco out of first place in the wild-card race.
Japan's production growing again Japanese industrial production expands for the first time in three months, pushing the Nikkei up for the first time in nine days.
ConocoPhillips wins Lukoil bid MOSCOW _ US oil giant ConocoPhillips paid nearly \$2 billion for a stake in Russia #39;s second-largest oil producer Wednesday, a deal touted as Russia #39;s biggest post-Soviet privatization and 
Martha #39;s new estate Millionaire celebrity homemaker Martha Stewart had hoped to spend her prison time closer to her family and attorneys or in Florida, but instead will be incarcerated at a remote West Virginia prison camp.
Conoco Wins Lukoil Bid, a Window on Iraq ConocoPhillips paid nearly \$2 billion at auction for the Russian government's stake in Lukoil, a purchase that could allow Conoco to become the first Western company to return to Iraq's oil fields.
Cendant plans to buy travel website CHICAGOTravel and real estate heavyweight Cendant Corp. yesterday said it will buy travel website Orbitz Inc. for about \$1.25 billion (US), making it the second-largest competitor in the online travel industry.
Judge leaves Black as Hollinger chief A judge overseeing the battle for control of Hollinger Inc. has allowed Conrad Black to remain atop the company, even after Black acknowledged that a \$1.
STOCKS TO WATCH SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in Thursday #39;s session are IBM (IBM: news, chart, profile) and American International Group (AIG: news, chart, profile).
Software maker cuts 800 jobs NEW YORKSoftware maker Computer Associates International Inc. says it will cut 800 jobs, or 5 per cent of its workforce, to reduce costs amid weaker demand and falling prices for software and services.
UPI NewsTrack Sports Baseball will return to Washington in 2005 after an absence of more than three decades. It was announced Wednesday that the Montreal Expos will move to Washington next season and play its home games at RFK Stadium.
Twins swept away; Yankees #39; dominance deceptive yet telling The Minnesota Twins might have moved two steps back toward a return to Yankee Stadium next week for the first round of the playoffs when they got swept by the New York Yankees in a rain 
This story ran on nwitimes.com on Thursday, September 30, 2004 12 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Turning point: Austin Kearns slugged a two-run homer in the 12th to win it for the Reds. CHICAGO -- Big names come to town. The payroll increases.
Japan industrial output rise marginally in August TOKYO : Japanese industrial output rose only 0.3 percent in August, suggesting after a series of recent weak data that the recovery in the world #39;s second-largest economy is slowing, economists said on Thursday.
Agere Adjusts For Soft Demand Facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist Agere Systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
A Fannie smacking Fannie Mae should be rosy red with shame. The spanking applied by federal regulators leads the quasi-government mortgage company to announce it will increase its capital reserves by 30 percent and reform accounting procedures.
Two Yemenis get death for Cole blast SANAA - A court here has sentenced two Yemeni Al-Qaeda militants to death and jailed four others for the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole, which killed 17 sailors.
New Zealand releases Israeli spies Two Israelis who were jailed for two months for trying to obtain a New Zealand passport were released from prison and deported Wednesday, Prime Minister Helen Clark said.
Passing offense is adjusting, humming Bee Staff Writer. OAKLAND - If there was a silver lining to the Raiders #39; 34-27 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, it was the steady progress quarterback Kerry Collins seems to be showing as Rich Gannon #39;s heir apparent.
IMF Lowers Korea #39;s 2004 Economic Growth Forecast The International Monetary Fund has lowered its 2004 economic growth forecast for Korea to 4.6 percent, citing weak domestic consumer spending amid rising household and corporate debt.
Delphi: SEC probing EDS transactions LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission is probing transactions between Delphi Corp and EDS, which supplies the automotive parts and components giant with technology services, Delphi said late Wednesday.
Japan #39;s production growing again Japanese industrial production grew in August for the first time in three months, official data has shown. Although only a month-on-month rise of 0.3, and below some forecasts, the news saw Japan #39;s leading shares rise for the first time in nine days.
CA to cut 5 percent of work force Computer Associates International announced on Wednesday that it plans to cut 5 percent of its work force as part of a restructuring effort, a move that comes as the company seeks to rebuild itself after a long-running accounting scandal.
White-knuckle flight MOJAVE, Calif. A test pilot yesterday made a successful foray into space marked by a white-knuckle ascent in which his rocket ship rolled at least 16 times in 16 seconds.
Save lives The United States can and must fulfill its duty to stem the bloodbath in Darfur. It can do so without endangering US soldiers. Unlike so many other crises that the United States must consider entering, the 
Martha Stewart sent to W. Virginia prison Stewart said in a statement she was pleased that the government had assigned her  quot;so quickly quot; to  quot;the first federal prison camp for women in the United States.
Westfield tops Multiplex bid for Chelsfield Australian shopping centre giant Westfield Group on Thursday offered 585 million pounds (A\$1.48 billion) cash for UK property group Chelsfield as part of an overseas expansion drive, topping a bid from rival Multiplex Ltd.
Tanager clients: Wachovia to watch over you Tanager Financial Services of Waltham, which helps wealthy people manage their finances, yesterday agreed to a takeover by North Carolina-based banking giant Wachovia.
IBM Settles Some Pension Suit Issues (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday that it agreed to settle most of the issues in a lawsuit over changes in its pension plans on terms that allow the company to continue to appeal a key question while capping its liability at  #36;1.7 billion.
Mom Collects Big Game Organs for Science (AP) AP - Stephanie Bradford isn't content with her daughter dissecting frogs in science class. She wants the students to cut into the hearts and eyes of moose, caribou, bear and other large game.
Pitcairn Mayor 'Led Rape' on Island -Prosecutor (Reuters) Reuters - The trial of seven Pitcairn Island men,\descendants of the 18th century Bounty mutineers, began on\Wednesday with the mayor the first to face charges of rape and\underage sex, Television New Zealand reported.
Nigerian Oil Delta Peace Talks to Resume After Truce (Reuters) Reuters - Talks between a Nigerian rebel warlord\and the government will resume on Thursday to address rebel\demands for autonomy in the oil-producing Niger Delta following\a truce agreed a day earlier, the rebel leader said.
Religious Groups Compete to Court Voters (AP) AP - In voter registration drives, sermons and voter guides, religious groups from across the ideological spectrum have intensified the level of their political activity this year, prompted in part by right-left culture clashes and the legacy of the tight presidential race in 2000.
Bush to Tour Damage Again Before Debate (AP) AP - He was going to be in the neighborhood anyway for a debate, so President Bush slipped another tour of hurricane damage onto his schedule Thursday, this time of the Treasure Coast area north of Miami.
Bush, Kerry Set for Crucial First Debate (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and\Democratic rival John Kerry square off in a crucial debate on\Thursday that will give voters their first chance to size up\the two White House candidates side by side.
Pitcairn Mayor 'Led Rape' on Island -Prosecutor  SYDNEY (Reuters) - The trial of seven Pitcairn Island men,  descendants of the 18th century Bounty mutineers, began on  Wednesday with the mayor the first to face charges of rape and  underage sex, Television New Zealand reported.
China Urges Canada to Hand Over NKoreans in Embassy  BEIJING (Reuters) - China urged Canada on Thursday to hand  over 44 North Korean asylum seekers who broke into the Canadian  embassy in Beijing, promising to deal with the men, women and  children in a humanitarian way.
Rockies Clobber Dodgers 4-1 (AP) AP - Jeromy Burnitz's RBI single with one out in the ninth inning sparked a three-run rally, and the Colorado Rockies beat Los Angeles 4-1 Wednesday night to slow the Dodgers' drive to their first playoff berth in eight years.
Closing ceremony curtailed in respect to victims Athens: An hour-long no-frills closing ceremony dedicated to the victims of this week #39;s school bus crash brought to an end the Paralympic Games in Athens yesterday.
Indians clean up with sweep The Indians #39; bullpen has struggled this season, 27 blown saves in 58 opportunities, but it was impeccable on Wednesday night. Five Cleveland relievers combined 
NL Wrap: Padres Edge Giants, Astros Soar to Wild-Card Lead (Reuters) Reuters - Mark Loretta hit a bases-loaded\sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th to lift the San Diego\Padres a 4-3 win over the San Francisco Giants in National\League action on Wednesday.
AL Wrap: Mariners Overcome Athletics, Angels Move Clear  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jolbert Cabrera's two-run single with  two out in the eighth lifted the Seattle Mariners to a 4-2 road  win over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday, while Ichiro  Suzuki collected another hit in his record bid.
NL Wrap: Padres Edge Giants, Astros Soar to Wild-Card Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Loretta hit a bases-loaded  sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th to lift the San Diego  Padres a 4-3 win over the San Francisco Giants in National  League action on Wednesday.
Nikkei Snaps Nine-Day Fall  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 0.35 percent  on Thursday, snapping a nine-day slide on a technical bounce in  major exporters, but it ended the April-September fiscal first  half down 7.61 percent.
New Company Starts Up a Challenge to Google Vivisimo, an Internet search engine company, is introducing a service that is meant to lessen online information overload.
Private Craft Rockets Past Edge of Space Completing the first leg of a quest for a \$10 million prize, a test pilot took a privately financed plane past the cusp of space on Wednesday.
Belo #39;s cutbacks will hit the heart of Texas: Providence Journal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Media company Belo Corp. said yesterday that it will cut 250 jobs, mostly at its Dallas newspaper and TV station. A company spokesman said cuts will be made across Belo #39;s operations,, though 
Big Blue reaches partial settlement on pension issues IBM Corp. said Wednesday it has agreed to pay \$320 million in retirement benefits to settle part of a class-action lawsuit and another \$1.
Wachovia adds to wealth-management unit Wachovia Corp. aims to increase its profile in the Northeast and Southwest by expanding its wealth-management division. The bank, based in Charlotte, said yesterday that it is buying Tanager Financial Services Inc.
Private rocket grabs a 2d slice of space A privately funded spacecraft appeared to rocket past its target altitude more than 60 miles above California #39;s high desert yesterday 
Critics lukewarm on Spacey play Theatre critics appeared less than impressed by Hollywood star Kevin Spacey #39;s debut as artistic director of London #39;s Old Vic Theatre.
Web founder attacks royality obession ONE OF THE founders of the Web warned that the interweb was in danger of being stunted by patent hungry software companies. Tim Berners-Lee called on companies to resist the temptation to lock up key technologies by demanding royalty payments.
New Features Coming to SQL Server 2005 in Beta 3 When Microsoft delivers the Beta 3 version of SQL Server 2005, formerly code-named  quot;Yukon, quot; it will carry a number of feature enhancements that weren #39;t available in the more broadly distributed Beta 2 version.
Top 10 depressing things about Expos #39; finale There are plenty of reports on the final day of the Expos, how the city that no one in the United States felt deserved a team is finally losing it.
Rogers wins time trial at road cycling worlds Australia #39;s Michael Rogers won the elite-division time trial Wednesday at the road cycling World Championships, defending the title he was awarded earlier this month after 
Ban others as well by the same yardstick: Chanu New Delhi, September 29: Lifter Sanamacha Chanu, who was slapped a life ban by the Indian Olympic Association, today accused the authorities of adopting double standards saying they should have followed the same yardstick while dealing with other dope 
NL Wrap: Padres Edge Giants, Astros Soar to Wild-Card Lead Mark Loretta hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th to lift the San Diego Padres a 4-3 win over the San Francisco Giants in National League action on Wednesday.
Axe-wielding passenger in psychiatric ward OSLO - An axe-wielding passenger who attacked two pilots aboard a Norwegian passenger plane in an apparent but failed bid to crash it has been taken to a psychiatric ward, police said yesterday.
CheapTickets moving to Chicago Cendant Corp. plans to move its CheapTickets.com division from Arapahoe County to Chicago as part of the travel-industry giant #39;s planned purchase of Chicago-based Orbitz Inc.
Stewart gets W. Virginia prison camp Martha Stewart lost a bid to serve her five-month prison term near her home in Connecticut and was ordered to report to a minimum-security prison camp in West Virginia next week.
Arroyo: Economic Growth Prospects Are Firm President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo claimed Wednesday that the Philippines #39; growth prospects remain firm despite doomsayers #39; grim economic forecasts.
Kmart sale shows two-pronged strategy Kmarts in Rochester Hills and Woodhaven are among the 50 stores the discount chain will sell to Sears Roebuck  amp; Co. Employees and civic leaders were understandably upset Wednesday after Kmart 
Boston Scientific stent sales set record Boston Scientific Corp. said yesterday it sold \$8.3 million worth of its Taxus drug-coated cardiac stents per day this month, a record level the Natick medical 
IBM says its Blue Gene computer is fastest IBM has claimed unofficial bragging rights as owner of the worlds fastest supercomputer. For three years running, the fastest supercomputer has been NECs Earth Simulator in Japan.
Chinese pornster sent down for a year A CHINESE UNIVERSITY student has been sentenced to a year in jail for flogging porn on the internet. According to the state Xinhua news agency, the 22 year-old student, identified only by his surname Xie, was 
Biz Intel Expanded in Microsoft #39;s SQL Server Microsoft (Quote, Chart) is expanding business intelligence capabilities in its database software with two free software service packs that augment the reporting capabilities in SQL Server 2000.
Chelsea boss Mourinho rises above Porto gob yob Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho brushed off an ugly incident with a Porto fan before last night #39;s 3-1 demolition of the Euro champs at Stamford Bridge.
Mariners beat Athletics 4-2 to knock Oakland out of first place Ichiro Suzuki #39;s teammates won #39;t stand for anybody messing with his spectacular season. When Suzuki got plunked in the back, Seattle starter Bobby Madritsch nearly went ballistic.
Kent and Bagwell power Houston to 6-4 victory over St. Louis The Houston Astros can put themselves in the playoffs. They no longer need help from anyone else. Roger Clemens, Jeff Kent and the Astros took over the NL wild-card lead Wednesday night, beating the St.
China wants refugees handed over China has asked Canada to hand over a group of 44 people, thought to be North Koreans, who stormed the Canadian embassy in Beijing on Wednesday.
Passenger Attacks Pilots mid-air in Norway OSLO (Norway): A passenger on a Norwegian regional flight linking the northern towns of Narvik and Bodoe on Wednesday attacked two pilots with an axe while the plane was in the air, but the plane was later able to land.
S.Lankan president says govt can no longer ignore Tamil rebel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga has said that the government can no longer ignore the spate of killings by the Tamil Tiger rebels, a presidential statement available here on Thursday.
Iraqi forces  #39;seize Haifa Street terrorist #39; Iraqi security forces today arrested a suspected terrorist operating on Baghdad #39;s blood-soaked Haifa Street, an Iraqi commander said.
Bloggers become weapon in US presidential election (AFP) AFP - The 2004 presidential campaign has marked the coming of age for Internet 'blog' journals as a cutting edge political tool for raising cash and revving up political support.
AUSTRALIA: Metcash proposes takeover offer for Foodland Wholesale grocer Metcash Trading has announced that it intends to make an off-market takeover offer to acquire the entire issued share capital of Australian supermarket group Foodland Associated.
Kimberly-Clark Outlines Cost Savings Kimberly-Clark Corp. said Monday it aims to cut costs by \$400 million to \$500 million over the next three years, and plans to boost its dividend by 12.5 percent and repurchase at least \$1 billion in stock during 2005.
U.S. Targets Zarqawi Network in Dawn Strike in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. forces destroyed a building in the\rebel-held city of Falluja on Thursday that they said was being\used by fighters loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, whose group is\threatening to behead a British hostage.
UK Will Listen, Not Negotiate, with Iraq Kidnappers (Reuters) Reuters - Britain is ready to listen to kidnappers\holding a British hostage in Iraq but is not prepared to\negotiate with them or pay them a ransom, Foreign Secretary\Jack Straw said on Thursday.
Israeli Soldier Shot Dead in Gaza Clash -Army (Reuters) Reuters - Two Palestinian gunmen fired on an Israeli\army outpost in the northern Gaza Strip on Thursday, killing a\soldier before being shot dead, a military spokeswoman said.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Close Higher, Dollar Up Tokyo stocks rebounded on Thursday from a nine-day drop, after Wall Street #39;s overnight rise. The US dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
Search upstart launches new site Online search engine upstart Vivisimo Inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that Google Inc. #39;s vaunted technology isn #39;t the most efficient way to find things on the Internet.
Giants lose in extra innings to Padres SAN DIEGO -- The San Francisco Giants lost both the wild-card lead and right fielder Dustan Mohr in a 4-3, 10-inning loss to the San Diego Padres on Wednesday night.
USS Cole bombing planners to die A judge in Yemen sentenced two men to death and four others to prison terms of as long as 10 years for the deadly attack in 2000 against the warship USS Cole.
Bigley pleads for Blair #39;s help A video of what appears to be British hostage Kenneth Bigley was posted on an Islamic website on Wednesday showing him weeping and pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.
Court dismisses bid to halt Pitcairn trials Auckland: The trials of seven Pitcairn men - including the local mayor - on sex charges, will go ahead on the remote Pacific island today after an eleventh-hour bid to stop the hearings failed.
U.S. Targets Zarqawi Network in Dawn Strike in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces destroyed a building in the  rebel-held city of Falluja on Thursday that they said was being  used by fighters loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, whose group is  threatening to behead a British hostage.
UK Will Listen, Not Negotiate, with Iraq Kidnappers  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is ready to listen to kidnappers  holding a British hostage in Iraq but is not prepared to  negotiate with them or pay them a ransom, Foreign Secretary  Jack Straw said on Thursday.
Oil Rises on Nigeria, Norway Disruptions; OPEC May Curb Output Crude oil rose from a three-month low on disruptions to supply from Nigeria and Norway and after OPEC members said they may need to cut output after prices plunged.
GOP Accused of Padding Intelligence Bill WASHINGTON - New immigration barriers and expanded police powers, as well as making more of the public airwaves available for emergency services, are some of the issues trying to find a home in a bill to overhaul U.S. spy agencies...
Bush Document Details Military Departure WASHINGTON - The White House said seven months ago that it had released all the records on President Bush's stateside military service during the Vietnam War, yet new records are still dribbling out as Election Day approaches.    The White House on Wednesday night produced a November 1974 document bearing Bush's signature from Cambridge, Mass., where he was attending Harvard Business School, saying he had decided not to continue as a member of the military reserve...
Foreign Policy at Forefront of Debate BAL HARBOUR, Fla. - The first presidential debate and its focus on foreign policy and security gives both President Bush and Sen...
Iraq War Divides Australian Candidates SYDNEY, Australia - Australian voters face a stark choice on Iraq when they choose a new prime minister - to stay or to go.    Prime Minister John Howard, whose conservative coalition is seeking a fourth three-year term on Oct...
Out of this world On a rollicking flight into space early Wednesday, aircraft designer Burt Rutan #39;s rocket plane completed the first half of a bid to win a \$10 million prize for the first reusable, privately built spacecraft.
I Love iPod (CBS) Lets face it: I know I have a problem. A few years ago, I started converting all my music CDs into MP3 files (and AAC files for my iPod), and realize now that by any standard of sanity, Im clearly unwell.
Tech, electronics firms fear copyright bill WASHINGTON -- Tell Santa to hurry if you want him to bring CD or DVD burners and jukebox programs. By Christmas, such gifts might be threatened if Congress passes a new law to fight movie and music pirates.
Sun finish off Mystics Connecticut Sun point guard Lindsay Whalen drove the baseline and kicked the ball out to Nykesha Sales at the top of the key. Sales let a 3-pointer 
Bradley will sit 5 games Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley received a five-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Wednesday, one day after his bottle-throwing incident with fans in right field at Dodger Stadium.
44 believed North Koreans clamber over fence into Canadian Embassy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (CP) - China said Thursday it wants the Canadian Embassy to hand over 44 people thought to be North Korean asylum-seekers who climbed over a spiked fence onto embassy grounds.
Global Warming Is Expected to Raise Hurricane Intensity Global warming is likely to produce a significant increase in the intensity and rainfall of hurricanes in coming decades, according to an analysis.
Pratt Union Won #39;t Strike Union employees at Pratt  amp; Whitney return to work today under terms of a new contract, after failing to muster the two-thirds vote needed to go on strike.
Time on a Chip: The Incredible Shrinking Atomic Clock Tiny atomic clocks could be slipped into cellphones, hand-held computers and global positioning system receivers.
Forget Star Chemistry. How About the Film's? The magazine Chemical and Engineering News has started publishing movie reviews that focus on the accuracy of the science in the latest Hollywood releases.
Asian Shares Higher on Oil Dip  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian investors took advantage of a  pause in climbing oil prices on Thursday to buy beaten-down  technology stocks, autos and other exporters, snapping a  nine-session losing streak by Japan's key stock index.
Yen Rises But Upside Limited  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen edged up against the dollar on  Thursday on lower oil prices, but gains were stemmed as  investors refrained from taking fresh positions ahead of the  Bank of Japan's corporate sentiment survey due on Friday.
Boston Scientific stent sales set record Boston Scientific Corp. said yesterday it sold \$8.3 million worth of its Taxus drug-coated cardiac stents per day this month, a record level the Natick medical-devices giant said demonstrates it has won back doctors' confidence after three recalls.
For an old venture capitalist, it was a good day Since taking office, Governor Mitt Romney has issued scores of proclamations, setting aside days, and sometimes full months, to honor a person or cause. There was Ronald Reagan Day on Feb. 6, Massachusetts Centennial of Flight Day on Dec. 17, and Massachusetts Maple Month one March.
Economy outpaces estimates The economy grew at a faster pace this spring than previously thought, but was at its weakest showing in more than a year, providing ammunition to both candidates in the final weeks of the presidential race.
Martha Stewart to serve time at West Virginia prison Martha Stewart will do her time farther from home than she had hoped, at a remote West Virginia prison where inmates sleep in bunk beds and rise at 6 a.m. to do menial labor for pennies an hour.
AG Reilly seeks 6.2 car insurance cut Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly urged state regulators to cut auto insurance rates 6.2 percent next year, a sharp contrast with the 9.2 percent rate hike being sought by insurers and agents. Reilly said his proposal would shave about \$60 off the existing statewide average premium of \$1,082, while the industry proposal would increase the average premium by \$101. A ...
IBM will settle part of pension lawsuit International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday it will pay at least \$300 million to settle part of a lawsuit that claimed the firm's pension plan discriminated against older workers.
Oil prices fall as US supplies build Oil prices fell yesterday after government data showed US inventories of crude grew last week, surprising many traders and analysts who had expected supplies to shrink due to lingering output problems caused by Hurricane Ivan.
AIG faces criminal probe over loans The US Justice Department has opened a criminal probe into whether American International Group Inc. , the world's largest insurer by market value, helped a major banking client move bad loans off its books, AIG said yesterday.
US Airways follows Delta's lead, slashes managers' pay In a bid to survive and to persuade unions to accept deep pay and benefit cuts, managers at US Airways Group and Delta Air Lines are sharing some of the pain.
Software firm to cut 800 jobs Computer Associates will cut 800 jobs, the software maker said yesterday, reducing its workforce 5 percent in its biggest cost-cutting effort since 2001 amid slack demand and falling prices for software and services.
Mills Corp. to fine-tune hotel plans WILMINGTON -- Mills Corp. , which plans a 750,000-square-foot retail-entertainment center in Tewksbury, said this week that it will submit by year's end a fine-tuned proposal for two 120-room hotels and a small restaurant in neighboring Wilmington.
ConocoPhillips buys \$2b stake in Lukoil US oil giant ConocoPhillips yesterday paid nearly \$2 billion for a 7.6 percent stake in Russia #39;s Lukoil -- the world #39;s number two oil company by reserves -- in Russia #39;s biggest privatization.
Falluja raid  #39;on Zarqawi house #39; At least three people have been killed and several others injured in a US air strike on the Iraqi town of Falluja, west of Baghdad, local medics say.
24 Feared Killed As Typhoon Meari Batters Japan Tokyo, Sept. 30 (NNN): At least 24 people have been killed or are missing after a powerful tropical storm struck south-western Japan.
UK house prices up 17.8pc on yr in Sept UK house prices rose 0.2pc in September compared with the month before to stand up 17.8pc on a year ago, according to Nationwide Building Society.
IBM will settle part of pension lawsuit International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday it will pay at least \$300 million to settle part of a lawsuit that claimed the firm #39;s pension plan discriminated against older workers.
Natural gas supply fears raise prices Natural gas prices have jumped 17 in two days, a chilling development for the millions of Americans who heat their homes with natural gas.
Biomira stock jumps as lung cancer vaccine gets US fast-track &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; EDMONTON (CP) - Shares in Biomira Inc. shot up as much as 48 per cent Wednesday after the drug developer said one of its cancer vaccines has won fast-track investigation status from the US Food and Drug Administration.
Calgary crows over Imperial CALGARY - Calgary #39;s already sizzling business community has scooped its biggest prize yet with the move from Toronto of Imperial Oil Ltd.
Global economy to slide in 2005: IMF Washington, Sept. 30.(UNI): The expansion of the global economy could hit a 30-year record in 2004 but will likely slide in 2005 as a result of higher oil prices and other factors, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) sources said.
With Oil Near \$50 a Barrel, Gas Prices Start to Inch Up As the price of crude oil flirts with \$50 a barrel, gasoline prices are heading up again, ending an unusual period in which gasoline prices were falling even as oil prices rose.
SpaceShipOne survives a scare MOJAVE, Calif. -- SpaceShipOne corkscrewed its way into space yesterday, succeeding in its first of two runs for the \$10 million X Prize, but not before prompting the event #39;s otherwise effusive commentator to drop an octave and utter,  quot;Uh-oh.
Founder of Web envisions a new era The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference yesterday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players 
One flight down, one to go In a blistering, heart-pounding flight that briefly appeared to be in jeopardy, a privately built spacecraft safely returned to Earth after soaring to the edge of space over the Mojave desert in California yesterday.
Schilling gets call for Game 1 Weary of fielding questions about his role in the postseason, Pedro Martinez asked the Red Sox before Tuesday #39;s game against the Devil Rays to reveal their plans.
Shoulder injury casts doubts over Tiger KILKENNY - Tiger Woods will decide today if he will be able to play in a multi-million dollar championship after injuring his shoulder.
Ichiro a step closer Even when he gets only one hit and his only impact on the game is an out, Ichiro winds up the focus of a well-pitched game by Bobby Madritsch.
Mayor among accused in Pitcairn rape trial The mayor of Pitcairn Island was the first of seven men accused of sex abuse to stand trial yesterday as the historic case got under way in the Pacific outpost.
Latham calls on PM to admit to WMD mistake Federal Labor leader Mark Latham says the Prime Minister needs to face up to the reality that there were no stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
IBM in \$320m pension settlement US computer giant IBM agrees a \$320m deal with older staff, who had argued that changes to its pension scheme left them worse off.
Asian Shares Higher on Oil Dip (Reuters) Reuters - Asian investors took advantage of a\pause in climbing oil prices on Thursday to buy beaten-down\technology stocks, autos and other exporters, snapping a\nine-session losing streak by Japan's key stock index.
Japan industrial output rise marginally in August (AFP) AFP - Japanese industrial output rose only 0.3 percent in August, suggesting after a series of recent weak data that the recovery in the world's second-largest economy is slowing, economists said.
US volcano rumbles back to life Scientists in the US fear a volcano in Washington state, near Seattle and Portland, could soon erupt after a surge in seismic activity.
Crude oil inventory increases WASHINGTON -- Oil prices fell sharply yesterday after the US government reported US inventories of crude rose 3.4 million barrels last week, surprising many traders and analysts who had expected to see supplies shrink due to lingering output problems in 
Business Glance NEW YORK - Computer Associates International Inc. announced a restructuring plan Wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker \$70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented.
House prices rise again House prices rose 0.2 percent in September compared with the month before to stand up 17.8 percent on a year ago, the Nationwide Building Society says.
Private rocket #39;s wild ride lands it closer to big prize The first privately funded manned rocket to reach space completed the first half of a \$10 million flight competition yesterday by soaring to an altitude of 
Graphic Content: Is It Time to Take the PCI Express? If you #39;re planning a PC purchase, you have to decide whether the time has come to let your graphics ride the PCI Express. The new standard replaces the PCI and AGP slots that connect graphics cards and other components to your PC.
What #39;s in a nickname? It #39;s never too soon to lobby for anything in this city, and Laura Meissner didn #39;t wait for Wednesday #39;s confirmation that the Montreal Expos are moving to the nation #39;s 
Chelsea 3, FC Porto 1 Jose Mourinho may have removed himself, his backroom staff and two key defenders from Porto this summer but he also took one priceless commodity with him to Stamford Bridge - a winning mentality.
Glaus #39; HR lifts Angels back into first place Then he hit a mistake out of the park in the top of the 11th inning and put Anaheim back in sole possession of first place in the American League West.
Navy football shipshape again The doubters were in Paul Johnson #39;s ear three years ago when the ultra-successful coach at Georgia Southern decided to accept the head coaching job at Navy.
Braves give Cox his 2,000th victory The Braves #39; sense of timing is impeccable. Whenever the Mets are down, along comes their tomahawk-chopping nemesis to show them up.
Gunmen Kill Kashmiri Separatist Alliance Leader  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Two gunmen shot dead a member  of the moderate faction of Kashmir's main separatist alliance  on Thursday, police said, days after New Delhi said it will try  to resume a stalled dialogue with the separatists.
IMF Raises Outlook on Russia Economy International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, September 29, that it raised its outlook for Russias economy, forecasting 6.6 percent GDP growth in 2005.
House prices show modest rise House prices rose only modestly on the month in September, the Nationwide Building Society says, backing expectations that the Bank of England may have nearly finished raising interest rates.
Insurgency grows against unbridled global textile trade due in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GENEVA : A movement to counter the abolition of textile and clothing import quotas at the end of the year is gaining momentum, driven by fears that an unbridled China could wipe out competition because of its sheer production capacity, diplomats said.
UPDATE 1-British Energy, Polygon end legal dispute British Energy Plc (BGY.L: Quote, Profile, Research) , the UK #39;s biggest electricity producer, said on Thursday it had ended a dispute with investment firm Polygon regarding British Energy #39;s plans to delist its shares.
One down, one to go MOJAVE, California -- The first private manned rocket to reach space soared toward the edge of the atmosphere again yesterday in the first half of a bid to earn a \$10-million US prize.
Angels move 1 game ahead in AL West Anaheim moved a game ahead of Oakland in the American League West race Wednesday night while New York moved within a victory of the AL East title.
Fiedler given opportunity to spark winless Dolphins By all accounts, Jay Fiedler is a good guy. He signs autographs, performs charity work and always speaks well of others, even the New York Jets.
Britain wants contact with kidnappers The government has appealed to kidnappers holding hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq to make contact -- but still ruled out negotiations or ransom payment.
Refugees scale fence at embassy OTTAWA -- In a dramatic breach of security, 44 asylum-seekers scaled home-made ladders and leaped over a spiked fence at Canada #39;s embassy in Beijing yesterday.
Axe-wielding man attacks pilots OSLO (dpa) - Two pilots and a passenger on a Kato Air flight to Bodo airport in northern Norway were attacked and injured by an axe-wielding passenger Wednesday, reports said.
Blair faces Labour wrath over Iraq Prime Minister Tony Blair was set to face the anger of rank and file members of his Labour Party over the Iraq war on Thursday, as party officials tried to head off a motion calling for British troops to quit the country.
China 'may intervene more' in HK Analysts in Hong Kong say China is signalling its intention to take a more active role in the territory's affairs.
Gurkhas win UK citizenship rights The prime minister announces that Gurkhas who have served in the Army are now entitled to citizenship.
Poison porn pics show up online The first images that hide a virus inside them have been found in a pornographic newsgroup on the net.
Zeta Jones 'stalker' denies guilt A woman denies charges of stalking and making threats against film star Catherine Zeta Jones.
2 sentenced to death in Cole blast SAN'A, Yemen -- A Saudi suspected of being an associate of Osama bin Laden and a Yemeni militant were sentenced to death by firing squad yesterday for the bombing of the USS Cole four years ago, the first convictions in the Al Qaeda terrorism attack that killed 17 American sailors.
Yen Holds Gains as Oil Remains Below \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen steadied on Thursday after  bouncing back from recent lows against the dollar and the euro  as oil prices stepped down from this week's record highs, while  investors awaited key economic data from Japan.
Powell calls for Palestinian intifadah to end WASHINGTON -- In a telecast to the Arab world, Secretary of State Colin Powell called yesterday for an end to the intifadah, the four-year violent Palestinian uprising against Israel.
6 suspected of aiding terrorism indicted ROME -- An Italian judge indicted six men suspected of involvement in a group to recruit militants for suicide attacks on US-led forces in Iraq, news reports said yesterday. Abderrazak Mahdjoub, an Algerian, and five others will stand trial on Feb. 22 in Milan, the ANSA news agency said. They are accused of association with the aim of international terrorism, ...
Microsoft Asks Judge to Suspend Penalties  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp told a judge on  Thursday that the European Commission must be stopped from  ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors.
Iran aide cites worse relations NEW YORK -- Iran's foreign minister said yesterday his country's relations with the United States are about the worst ever, but he believes the upcoming US presidential election could open avenues for renewed dialogue, even if President Bush is reelected.
Rwandans hope Darfur presence will halt violence EL FASHER, Sudan -- As the sun set over this desert camp, Private Lambert Sendegeya, an African Union soldier from Rwanda, popped in a tape of music from his country and launched into a series of leg bends. Lieutenant Eugene Ruzianda peered from his canvas tent and, removing his green beret, joined the evening exercises.
Suicide bombings defended OSLO -- A leader of one of Norway's most respected Islamic groups defended the use of suicide bombings in certain cases and stirred a debate yesterday in this Nordic country that sees itself as a beacon of peace and nonviolence.
U.S. Forces Strike Targets in Iraq U.S. military attacked a suspected safe house in Fallujah on Thursday. Intelligence reports indicated the site was being used Zarqawi loyalists to plan attacks against U.S. troops and Iraqis.
U.S. Effort Aims to Improve Opinions About Iraq Conflict The Bush administration, battling negative perceptions of the Iraq war, is sending Iraqi Americans to deliver what the Pentagon calls "good news" about Iraq to U.S. military bases.
Microsoft launches appeal against EU ruling US software giant Microsoft on Thursday launched its legal appeal against a stinging EU anti-trust ruling, six months after it was fined nearly half a billion euros for abusing its market dominance.
Looming peril of poison porn pics The first images crafted to contain a malicious program that can take control of a PC have been found on the net. Security experts have been expecting such images to turn up after Microsoft revealed a weakness 
Mohr injures knee on final play The Giants lost a crucial ballgame to the Padres on Wednesday night but also may have lost Dustan Mohr for the final four games of the season.
Britain's Cable and Wireless to exit Japan (AFP) AFP - Britain's Cable and Wireless is in talks to quit Japan by selling its money-losing Japanese unit to Softbank or an investment firm in Tokyo.
Sweden to Return Remains of Aborigines (AP) AP - The skeletal remains of 15 Aborigines are being returned home for reburial, nearly 90 years after a Swedish zoologist smuggled them out of Australia for display in a Stockholm museum.
Russia Sets New Date for Launch to Space Station (Reuters) Reuters - Russia hopes to launch three astronauts\to the International Space Station next month, setting a new\date after two postponements for technical reasons, space\officials said on Wednesday. Technical difficulties, including\problems with the docking system of the Soyuz craft, have twice\delayed blast-off from Russia's Baikonur cosmodrome in\Kazakhstan.
BT mulls u-turn on broadband cost BT is looking again at price rises on wholesale broadband which have angered small net providers.
MMO2 lifts revenue target for UK Mobile phone operator MMO2 raises its UK revenue growth target for this year as it gets more customers and existing users spend more.
Yen Holds Gains as Oil Remains Below  #36;50 (Reuters) Reuters - The yen steadied on Thursday after\bouncing back from recent lows against the dollar and the euro\as oil prices stepped down from this week's record highs, while\investors awaited key economic data from Japan.
BT mulls u-turn on broadband cost Telecoms giant BT is looking again at price rises on wholesale broadband which have angered small net providers.
Microsoft asks judge to suspend penalties Microsoft has told a judge that the European Commission must be stopped from ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors.
Tough Negotiations Ahead for EU, Mercosur Efforts to forge the world #39;s largest free trade zone, uniting the European Union with the Mercosur South American economic bloc, face tough negotiations after a new EU offer received a frosty reception from across the Atlantic.
2-Way Internet Phone Scheduled for This Month Within this year, tech-savvy Koreans will be able to make and receive calls through Internet-enabled phones as you would do on regular phones, at a lower cost.
Duff starts as Chelsea maintain momentum Damien Duff started his second successive game - and his first in this seasons Champions League -s Jose Mourinhos Chelsea slammed defending champions FC Porto on a 3-1 scoreline at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night.
Car Bomb West of Baghdad Kills One, Wounds 60 A suicide bomber killed one person and wounded 60 on Thursday when he blew up his car in Abu Ghraib, west of Baghdad, doctors and officials said.
Israeli Tanks Surge Into Gaza Refugee Camp -Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - A column of Israeli tanks surged into the\heart of the Jabalya refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip on\Thursday as the army broadened its sweep for militants behind a\deadly rocket attack on an Israeli town.
IBM Wins \$1 Billion Contract from Lloyds  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - IBM has signed a 7-year, \$969 million  contract with British bank Lloyds TSB to supply it with  Internet telephony and data services, The U.S.-based computer  giant said on Monday.
TUI to cut eight percent of its British workforce (AFP) AFP - TUI -- Europe's leading tourism and travel group -- said it is planning to cut eight percent of its workforce in Britain by the end of the year in order to boost efficiency.
China Asks Canada to Hand Over Intruders (AP) AP - China urged the Canadian Embassy on Thursday to hand over 44 possible North Korean asylum-seekers, while officials said nine North Koreans who entered an American school in Shanghai had been handed over to Chinese police.
Australia's Westfield, Multiplex in battle over Chelsfield (AFP) AFP - Australian property giant Westfield Group announced a 585 million pound bid to acquire British shopping center operator Chelsfield, a move seen as likely to spark a bidding war with rival Multiplex.
Israeli Soldier, Woman Jogger Killed in Gaza Ambushes  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen killed an Israeli  soldier and a woman jogger in Gaza on Thursday as the army  intensified an offensive to root out militants behind a rocket  attack that killed two Israeli children in a border town.
Car Bomb in Iraq Kills Two, Wounds 60 BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attacker exploded a car bomb Thursday outside the mayor's office in the Abu Ghraib area west of Baghdad, killing at least two people and wounding 60, including at four U.S. soldiers, Iraqi and coalition officials said...
Grows UK customer base while seeing more churn LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Mobile operator Mmo2 on Thursday said it was lifting its service revenue forecast in Britain after a strong first half.
Steelers' Polamalu Repects Carson Palmer (AP) AP - Steelers safety Troy Polamalu won't say if Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer owes him money from some unpaid dinner bill of long ago. Or if he left his unwashed socks in the middle of the floor, or snored so loudly it kept others awake.
Bryant say O'Neal paid women hush money to keep silent (AFP) AFP - Shaquille O'Neal paid various women hush money to keep quiet about sexual encounters, Kobe Bryant told law enforcement officers in Eagle, Colorado.
French Soldier Surrenders After Threat (AP) AP - A French soldier who locked himself in an explosives depot and threatened to blow it up surrendered Monday, ending a three-day standoff, the Interior Ministry said.
Woods goes for three straight _ if he gets to the first tee THOMASTOWN, Ireland -- Tiger Woods realizes the only way he can reclaim the No. 1 ranking from Vijay Singh is to win golf tournaments.
Vols Impressed With Freshman Quarterback (AP) AP - There is no quarterback controversy at Tennessee. The Volunteers have a competition. No. 10 Tennessee has been touting its rotation of two freshmen as a way to keep defenses off balance and busy preparing for quarterbacks with different styles.
Tiger's Back an Issue at American Express (AP) AP - Tiger Woods felt stiffness in his back after seven holes Wednesday and decided to call it a day, not wanting to aggravate the week-old injury and not entirely certain he would be able to defend his title in the American Express Championship. The way his year has gone, that's just his luck.
Bad case of shakes As long as the last ember flickered in their fading bonfire of opportunity, the Red Sox planned to keep hope alive. As long as they clung to a faint chance of catching the Yankees for the American League East title, they vowed to play as if they could achieve the unfathomable.
Rockies' rally slows LA's drive Jeromy Burnitz's RBI single with one out in the ninth inning sparked a three-run rally, and the Colorado Rockies beat host Los Angeles, 4-1, last night to slow the Dodgers' drive to their first playoff berth in eight years.
NL notables Houston's Roger Clemens (18-4) isn't scheduled to make another start before the end of the regular season, but has suggested he'd like to pitch in the regular-season finale against Colorado Sunday.
McNair sits, but hope stands The Tennessee Titans have a simple rule: If Steve McNair feels he can play injured, discussion over.
Watson placed on IR Tight end Benjamin Watson's season was doomed from the outset. Not only did Watson hold out of training camp and part ways with agent Tom Condon , who wanted him to hold firm on his wish for a five-year rookie contract rather than the six-year deal he ultimately signed, but now Watson's season is over after the team ...
Sales, Sun surge ahead The Connecticut Sun had an off game last Saturday, when they dropped the opener of their WNBA Eastern Conference semifinal series against the Washington Mystics. But the Sun came back to even the series Monday, and it was the Mystics who had the off game.
Waltham grad takes Bentley by storm Mackenzy Bernadeau, last season's football captain and team MVP at Waltham High School, is now a freshman at Bentley College, in his hometown.
Callaghan back on Tufts soccer field After missing the first four games of the season with a hamstring injury, Northborough's Sarah Callaghan has returned to the Tufts University women's soccer team.
Tonight on TV PITTSBURGH (2-1) VS. UCONN (3-1) When and where: Tonight, 7 p.m., East Hartford. TV: ESPN2. Last season: Did not meet. Comments: Walt Harris and his Pittsburgh Panthers will be looking to win their third straight Big East opener. Pittsburgh needed to rally to get past Division 1-AA Furman last week in overtime, 41-38. Tonight, the Panthers will have to contend ...
They really do drive for show Theirs is a golfing world without bunkers and hazards, sloping greens and Sunday pins. Only one thing matters to the professional long driver, and it's measured in yards, not strokes.
Stars won't leave home for it Purses overflowing with cash, exotic locales, manicured golf courses. The World Golf Championships have it all. Except for totally committed players, that is.
Numbers point to NY NEW YORK - The New York Yankees can achieve two milestones with one more victory: clinching their seventh straight AL East title and reaching 100 wins in three straight seasons for the first time.
Transactions BASEBALL MLB: Announced Washington as its choice for the relocation of the Montreal Expos. Arizona (NL): Signed LHP Jeff Fassero. Baltimore (AL): Will not renew contract of director of minor league operations Doc Rodgers.
The post-race analysis: Chinese Grand Prix Overall results in China last weekend were disappointing, but Fernandos fourth place finish was an extremely impressive drive in a tricky car.
Justice Dept. Opens Fannie Criminal Probe (Reuters) Reuters - The Justice Department has opened an\investigation of possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, the\Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, after a federal\regulator said the mortgage giant may have manipulated its\earnings targets.
Wall Street to Edge Up as Oil Price Slips (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was expected to edge higher\at Thursday's opening as oil prices receded from record highs,\easing fears spiraling costs will crimp firms' profits.
Justice Dept. Opens Fannie Criminal Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Justice Department has opened an  investigation of possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, after a federal  regulator said the mortgage giant may have manipulated its  earnings targets.
Wall Street to Edge Up as Oil Price Slips  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to edge higher  at Thursday's opening as oil prices receded from record highs,  easing fears spiraling costs will crimp firms' profits.
Conoco Launches Tender to Up LUKOIL Stake  MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. oil major ConocoPhillips launched a  \$628 million two-day tender to boost its stake in new Russian  strategic partner LUKOIL to 10 percent, the U.S. firm said on  Thursday.
Giant insurer under investigation AIG, the world's largest insurer,  is the target of a criminal investigation, accused of helping a client commit fraud.
Bandwidth Glut Lives On Nearly four years have passed since the peak of the fiber-optic boom, but overcapacity continues to plague carriers, and prices for bandwidth continue to fall. By Joanna Glasner.
ConocoPhillips Annoucnes Tender to Buy 2.4 of Lukoil Shares US oil company ConocoPhillips announced on Thursday, September 30, a tender for the purchase of 20.418 million shares of Russian oil major Lukoil , which amounts to 2.4 percent of the Russian companys charter capital.
Update 14: Martha Stewart Assigned to W.Va. Prison There are no gates or fences, and most days anyone can drive straight to the warden #39;s home at the Federal Correctional Institute here.
Philippines to weather high oil prices, volatile peso, but not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MANILA : Economic growth prospects in the Philippines this year remain on track despite rising oil prices and a volatile peso as long as the government fixes its fiscal woes, President Gloria Arroyo has said.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Close Higher, Dollar Up Tokyo stocks rebounded on Thursday from a nine-day drop on receding concerns about high oil prices. The dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
Giant insurer under investigation The world #39;s largest insurer by market value is the target of a criminal investigation by the US Justice Department. American International (AIG) is accused of helping a banking client commit fraud and keep 
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Westfield Bids For UK #39;s Chelsfield SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--The world #39;s largest owner of shopping malls, Australia #39;s Westfield Group (WDC.AU), bid GBP585 million for Chelsfield PLC (CLF.
In a national park, the call of the wild: Is it cellular? As he hiked up a steep trail winding into the Great Smoky Mountains National Park a few days ago, Don Barger reached into his pack, pulled out his cell phone - and turned it off.
DVD Forum finalises HD DVD-RW disc spec The DVD Forum moved a step further toward the advent of HD DVD media and drives with the approval of key physical specifications at a meeting of the organisations steering committee last week.
Microsoft Adds More Intelligence To SQL Server Microsoft has added new business intelligence (BI) capabilities to SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005; according to an announcement today at the 2004 Professional Association for SQL Server community summit in Orlando, USA.
Soccer: Chelsea United the key for Mourinho LONDON : Jose Mourinho is amazed by the team spirit amongst his Chelsea stars and insists it is making them unbeatable. The Portuguese boss guided Porto to Champions League glory last season with a team that 
Wenger frustrated with Arsenal Trondheim, Norway - Arsene Wenger made his frustration clear after a hesitant display against Norwegian champions Rosenborg left Arsenal with everything still to play for in their Champions League group.
Zimbabwe hearing on alleged racism scrapped The International Cricket Council (ICC) hearing on alleged racism in Zimbabwean cricket was scrapped in Harare on Thursday after the Zimbabwe Cricket Union (ZCU) and the players who accuse its officials of racist behaviour 
Basketball: Bryant says O #39;Neal paid women hush money to keep &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES : Shaquille O #39;Neal paid various women hush money to keep quiet about sexual encounters, Kobe Bryant told law enforcement officers in Eagle, Colorado.
Perfect Barca anxious to keep feet on the ground Barcelona were keeping their feet on the ground after continuing their perfect start in Champions League Group F with a stylish 3-0 win over Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday.
New strike in Fallujah kills four, car bomb outside Baghdad kills &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suicide attacker exploded a car bomb Thursday west of Baghdad, killing at least one US soldier and two Iraqi policemen and wounding 60 people, Iraqi and coalition officials said.
Baghdad hit by several bomb blasts A suicide bomber has killed two Iraqi police and a US soldier after he blew up his car west of Baghdad, the US military says. An Iraqi doctor said on Thursday around 60 people were wounded.
Group says holding 10 new hostages in Iraq An Iraqi militant group says it has kidnapped 10 hostages, including two Indonesian women, who work for an electronics firm, Al Jazeera television says.
It #39;s Too Late to Sway Microsoft in EU Opinion: Microsoft #39;s global battles, such as its appeals hearing that #39;s about to start in Luxembourg, should teach regulators that they need to address the company #39;s behavior before it creates problems.
MMO2 lifts revenue target for UK Strong growth in UK customer numbers at MMO2 has enabled the mobile operator to raise its UK revenue growth forecast. In a trading update, MMO2 said it now expected UK revenue to grow by 9-12 in the year 
House Price Rises Slowing Down - Survey House prices rose by just 0.2 in September as the market continued to show signs of slowing down. It follows a rise of just 0.1 during August, said the Nationwide Building Society.
Asian Shares End Mostly Lower On Worries Over Oil Prices Asian stock markets closed mostly lower Tuesday on continued worries about the surge in global oil prices. Tokyo #39;s benchmark Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues slipped 43.
Low-cost  #39;Hindi Windows #39; to hit Indian desktops next year Indian PC users can expect to see a localized, stripped-down version of Microsoft #39;s XP operating system early next year. Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft plans to ship the low cost version of its PC operating 
Alternative fuel buses arrive in Smokies After months of planning, two alternative-fueled shuttle buses were added Tuesday to this Great Smoky Mountain tourist town #39;s transit fleet for a six-month demonstration.
Chinese students jailed for running porn sites Beijing, Sept 30. (PTI): A 22-year-old university information technology student and another college student in east China #39;s Zhejiang province have been sentenced by Chinese courts for operating pornographic 
Lethal algae discovered off coast SEATTLE -- A toxic algae bloom almost 50 km wide has been detected off the northwest coast of Washington state, the largest and most potentially lethal yet found by scientists in the region.
Stiff Back Worries Woods on Eve of American Express Championship Tiger Woods felt stiffness in his back after seven holes yesterday in Thomastown, Ireland, and decided to call it a day, not wanting to aggravate the week-old injury and not entirely certain he would be able to defend his title beginning today in the 
Wednesday #39;s Baseball Roundup (CP) - Troy Glaus provided the Anaheim Angels with the type of clutch hitting Oakland could have used on Wednesday night. Glaus hit a two-run homer in the 11th inning as the Angels beat the Texas Rangers 8 
Doing All For Release Of Hostage: Blair London, Sept. 30 (NNN) : Britain says it is doing everything it can to secure the release in Iraq of British hostage, Kenneth Bigley.
China Asks Canada to Hand Over Intruders China urged the Canadian Embassy on Thursday to hand over 44 possible North Korean asylum-seekers, while officials said nine North Koreans who entered an American school in Shanghai had been handed over to Chinese police.
Asylum Bid Koreans Handed over to Chinese Police A group of nine North Koreans who entered the Shanghai American School in China earlier this week in an apparent bid for asylum were handed over to police, it was revealed today.
GPs get new anti-depressant rules Doctors have been issued with new guidance on the prescribing of antidepressants.
Two killed in Naples 'turf war' Two more people are killed in Italy in what officials say is a turf war between rivals within the Naples mafia.
House price growth continues to slow down House price growth continued to show signs of slowing down during September the latest figures have shown. The average cost of a home increased by 0.2 per cent during the month, following growth of only 0.1 
Stocks higher on latest GDP reading, lower oil prices By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Investors continued to balance their portfolios on Wednesday in advance of the end of the third quarter.
EU, Mercosur Divided at Trade Talks The European Union and Mercosur were wide apart on Wednesday in negotiations to form the world #39;s biggest free trade area despite a new EU offer to settle their differences, diplomats said.
CL: Werder Bremen beat Valencia, Inter outclass Anderlecht BREMEN/BRUSSELS, Sep 29 (SW) - Werder Bremen came back from behind to beat Spanish champions Valencia, while Internazionale were too strong for RSC Anderlecht in the Belgian capital.
UN urges quick start for Darfur force The UN special envoy to Sudan has urged African states to speed up moves to send a large force to Darfur and called on the West to back their efforts with generous logistical support.
China hints at Hong Kong involvement Reports from Hong Kong say China has indicated its intention to take a more active role in the political affairs of the territory.
Microsoft Battle With EU Moved to Court (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp.'s five-year legal battle in Europe moved into a public courtroom for the first time Thursday as the software giant tried to get the European Union's landmark antitrust ruling against it lifted.
Women May Run Faster Than Men in 2156 Games -Study (Reuters) Reuters - Women could be faster 100-meter\sprinters than men by the 2156 Olympics, according to a study\on Wednesday.
Apple to open 'borderless' Euro music store Questions company's 'one country, one store' restriction
Computers 'do not boost learning' Internet access does not make adults more likely to take part in formal education, research suggests.
Russian Government Approves Kyoto, Sends to Parliament (Reuters) Reuters - Russia's government approved the Kyoto\Protocol on Thursday and sent the climate change pact to the\State Duma, the lower house of parliament, for ratification.
Gov't will listen to hostage-takers, but not negotiate: Straw (AFP) AFP - Britain is ready to listen to the Islamic extremists who are holding Kenneth Bigley hostage in Iraq, but not to negotiate with them, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said in a television interview.
Ukraine Leader Rejects Election Reform Demands  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing President  Leonid Kuchma Monday rejected reform of the country's election  laws on terms set by the opposition ahead of a re-run of the  ex-Soviet state's rigged vote later this month.
Witness says he did not see accused at Stuttle murder scene (AFP) AFP - A key witness in the trial over the murder of British backpacker Caroline Stuttle said he saw a man running from the bridge after the victim fell to her death but that man was not the accused.
Russian Government Approves Kyoto, Sends to Parliament  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's government approved the Kyoto  Protocol on Thursday and sent the climate change pact to the  State Duma, the lower house of parliament, for ratification.
Bomb Blasts in Baghdad Kill at Least 16 -Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents detonated at least two bombs  near a U.S. military convoy in southern Baghdad on Thursday,  killing at least 16 people, while a suicide bomber killed two  Iraqi police and a U.S. soldier west of the capital.
Taiwan Military Warns of China Missile Threat  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan Defense Minister Lee Jye said on  Thursday that China could have as many as 800 ballistic  missiles poised to strike the island in an intensive  bombardment by 2006, but said Taipei had no intention of  starting a war.
At Least 3 Killed in Car Bombing Near Baghdad A car bomb exploded today west of Baghdad, killing at least one U.S. soldier and two Iraqi policemen and wounding 60 people, Iraqi and coalition officials said.
Footage Shows 10 New Hostages in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera showed footage Thursday of 10 new hostages seized in Iraq by militants.    Al-Jazeera said the 10 - six Iraqis, two Lebanese and two Indonesian women - were taken by The Islamic Army in Iraq...
Religious Forum in Indonesia Aims to Blunt Radicals  YOGYAKARTA, Indonesia (Reuters) - President Susilo Bambang  Yudhoyono of Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim  nation, called on all religions Monday to rise up against  terrorism and show that faith could be a force for peace.
Positions staked out in Microsoft antitrust hearing A key subplot in Microsoft Corp. #39;s European antitrust hearing will be a showdown between two Seattle-area companies staking out conflicting positions in the evolving digital-media market.
IBM Agrees to Settle Part of Giant Pension Case IBM said yesterday that it had agreed to pay \$320 million to current and former employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan in a case that may affect millions 
Arroyo cheers on Philippine economy outlook Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo Thursday expressed confidence in the country #39;s economy outlook and called all sectors not to be off the track in the major economic reforms.
Indians Pitcher Kyle Denney Shot (AP) AP - A Cleveland Indians pitcher was shot in the right calf when a bullet pierced the team's bus and grazed another player late Wednesday night.
Gunners misfire in Norway Arsenal could only manage a 1-1 draw away to Norwegian champions Rosenborg in the Champions League. While the Gunners have been unbeatable in the Premiership, they have struggled to make their mark in Europe and last night was another worrying evening.
RANIERI: MISSED CHANCES COST US Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri conceded his side had not been ruthless enough after seeing them slip to a 2-1 defeat to Werder Bremen in the Champions League.
PATRIOTS IN RECORD BID The New England Patriots will attempt to tie the NFL record of 18 straight wins - including play-offs - when they meet former hero Drew Bledsoe and the Buffalo Bills on Sunday.
China urges Canada to hand over North Korean asylum seekers China on Thursday urged Canada to hand over 44 North Korean men, women and children, who stormed into the Canadian Embassy in Beijing on Wednesday to seek political asylum.
Thailand to Change Farming Ways to End Bird Flu Hard-hit Thailand plans a campaign to change poultry farming methods as it seeks to stamp out the deadly bird flu virus before migrating wildfowl return during the 
Taiwan #39;s Formula Three If Vice President Annette Lu is the Margaret Thatcher of the feisty island of Taiwan _ unyielding, immensely quotable and never taking any intellectual prisoners _ then easygoing Chen 
Russia Moves On Global Warming The Russian Cabinet on Thursday approved the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on combating global warming, clearing the way for parliament #39;s vote on the pact, which needs Russia #39;s support to take effect, the Interfax news agency reported.
Oil Prices Waver, Eye on Nigeria Supply  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil's rally wavered on Thursday, but  worries over the security of Nigerian supply supported prices  despite an easier U.S. crude inventory picture and news that  Russia's YUKOS would resume full supply to China.
Lehman in Talks to Buy UK Hedge Fund-WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment bank Lehman Brothers  Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a leading  British hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
Bush Team Prepares Net Assault The Bush campaign is setting up an extensive war room to monitor Thursday's debate with John Kerry. The plan? Pounce on Kerry misstatements or exaggerations and send responses to thousands of partisan websites through a live feed. By Louise Witt.
Diebold Rep Now Runs Elections A former sales rep for Diebold Election Systems becomes a county election official in California. She sold the state millions of dollars worth of untested machines, which led to a scandal. Critics are asking, 'What's wrong with this picture?' By Kim Zetter.
Music Videos Tap Video Games MTV -- whose videos killed the radio star -- knows a threat when it sees one. To keep people from abandoning TV for video games, it's making music videos with popular game characters strutting their stuff to the latest tracks. By Daniel Terdiman.
Stem Cell Debate Hits Senate A committee hears testimony on the possible usefulness of stem cells and current research restrictions, but it's an argument that boils down to when human life begins. By Kristen Philipkoski.
We Know You Like Michael Bolton A proud nerd puts her prefrontal cortex on the line to discover whether she's really a closet cool cat. By Jennifer Kahn from Wired magazine.
SpaceShipOne Rolls Toward Victory Despite a spectacular series of unplanned barrel rolls, SpaceShipOne completes the first of two compulsory flights that could net its developers the \$10 million Ansari X Prize. Dan Brekke reports from Mojave, California.
MP3 Creator Warns on Format Wars The dizzying array of file formats and anti-piracy options will hobble the burgeoning digital music business, says one of the developers behind the format that sparked the download revolution.
House prices continue to slow House price growth remained subdued in September, offering further proof of a slowdown in the property market, figures showed today.
Lehman in Talks to Buy UK Hedge Fund -WSJ Investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a large British hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
Hello Ogo : IM a-go-go In the week when rumours of the Oqo launch have been buzzing, it #39;s a bit confusing to have AT amp;T announce something called Ogo.
Apple to open  #39;borderless #39; Euro music store Apple yesterday confirmed that it will open the promised pan-European version of its iTunes Music Store in October 2004. Speaking at the Popkomm show in Germany, Apple #39;s online and apps chief, Eddie Cue, said 
Linksys inks Verizon VoIP deal, intros products Cisco Systems Inc #39;s Linksys home networking division yesterday said it has made a deal with Verizon Communications to have Linksys kit used in Verizon #39;s VoiceWing voice over IP service.
Former Sun, BEA execs forge grid venture (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Former executives from companies such as Sun Microsystems, BEA Systems, and Oracle this week are formally launching a venture called Cassatt, which is endeavoring to automate IT operations, leverage commodity hardware and software, and govern network compute cycles in a grid-like manner.
Russias LUKoil and ConocoPhillips plan joint work in Iraq Moscow, 29 September: LUKoil and ConocoPhillips are to carry out joint work in Iraq, LUKoil vice-president Leonid Fedun told journalists today immediately after the sale at auction of the state package of shares in LUKoil.
IBM claims most powerful supercomputer crown IBM has claimed that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer has edged out rival NEC #39;s Earth Simulator to become the world #39;s most powerful supercomputer.
Kmarts to be converted into some kind of Sears Sears Roebuck and Co. probably will put a new spin on the Sears name for the 56 stores it is taking over from Kmart and Wal-Mart.  quot;Sears will be in the name, but we #39;re reviewing whether the name will be something 
Pickets plan to walk 2 weeks About 1,400 San Francisco hotel workers are on strike at four of the city #39;s biggest hotels after their contract negotiations stalled over differences regarding wages, health care coverage, pensions and the length of a contract.
Lehman in Talks to Buy UK Hedge Fund-WSJ Investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a leading British hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
Disney and Pixar break off engagement The Walt Disney president, Robert Iger, has said it is  quot;unlikely quot; his studio will renew its distribution deal with the Pixar animation studio.
Former software officer indicted The former chief operating officer of a San Carlos software company has been indicted on charges of securities fraud for an alleged scheme to inflate the company #39;s revenue, authorities said Wednesday.
Skoll urges valley to create local endowment (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Former eBay President Jeff Skoll is challenging Silicon Valley to create an endowment to address local needs.
In a national park, the call of the wild: Is it cellular? (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - At least 30 national parks now sport cell phone towers or other antennas, according to a newly released partial inventory by the National Park Service. This list, the first of its kind, is evidence that phone companies are targeting America's national parks for business.
IT firm Softbank aims to enter Japan's mobile sector as 3G grows (AFP) AFP - Japanese Internet firm Softbank said it aims to enter the mobile phone industry supplying third-generation (3G) services as more customers embrace the advanced technology.
Microsoft compromises, prepares to offer player-free OS (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Microsoft was expected to show up at a closed-door hearing before Europe's Court of First Instance in Luxembourg today to push for suspension of an order requiring the software giant to alter its flagship product.
337,500 FEET: Space ship takes victory roll After an unplanned  quot;victory roll quot; as SpaceShipOne climbed to more than 63 miles above Earth, civilian astronaut Mike Melvill glided the rocket plane to a safe landing Wednesday, putting his team in the lead to capture the \$10 million Ansari X Prize 
Price at Issue With PlayStation Portable Sony Corp. #39;s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart.
Van Nistelrooy, Ferguson, Daum, Giggs lead the praise for hat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ruud van Nistelrooy and Alex Ferguson led the praise for Wayne Rooney #39;s three-goal debut performance for Manchester United. Van Nistelrooy, who set up the first of Rooney #39;s goals in Tuesday night #39;s 
Ponting ruled out of second Test as well SYDNEY, Sep 30: Australian skipper Ricky Ponting was also ruled out of the second Test against India, Cricket Australia said Thursday after receiving medical advice on his injured thumb.
RedHawks fumble chance for fast start toward title Miami University head coach Terry Hoeppner hyped Wednesday night #39;s game against Marshall as a college football playoff. He had good reason, in five of the last six 
Nigerian oil flows, for now The threat of violence in petroleum-rich Nigeria this week, followed by a spike in oil prices, underscored yet again that country #39;s importance and danger to companies that work there.
Blair ready to respond but not negotiate British Prime Minister Tony Blair says his Government is making every effort to secure the release of Ken Bigley, who is being held in Iraq.
PepsiCo Profit Rises on Tax Benefits (Reuters) Reuters - PepsiCo Inc. , the world's No.\2 soft drink company, said on Thursday quarterly profit rose\due to tax benefits.
Offshoring Forces Tech-Job Seekers To Shift Strategy The frenzied rhetoric about technology jobs going overseas has quieted in recent months. While doomsday predictions for the domestic tech industry have subsided, there's clearly a trend toward exporting some jobs.  &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Key Part of Patriot Act Ruled Unconstitutional A federal judge in New York ruled that a key component of the USA Patriot Act is unconstitutional because it allows the FBI to demand information from Internet service providers without judicial oversight or public review.
A Caution on Kids, Technology Today's young people do not need the technology education they are receiving to be successful in the 21st century, and there are growing indications that the high-tech lifestyle promoted by government and business may be harmful to them, a new report scheduled for release today  concludes.
PepsiCo Profit Rises on Tax Benefits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 soft drink company, said on Thursday quarterly profit rose  due to tax benefits.
Justice Dept. Opens Fannie Criminal Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Justice Department has opened an  investigation of possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, The  Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, after a federal  regulator said the mortgage giant may have manipulated its  earnings targets.
Lehman in Talks to Buy UK Hedge Fund  LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment bank Lehman Brothers  Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a leading  British hedge fund, according to a source familiar with the  matter.
Yen Gains Reprieve as Oil Backs Off Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen won respite from its recent  beating on Thursday as oil prices eased off record highs and  investors awaited data from the United States and Japan for  clues on the health of the global economy.
UK travel firms to shed 800 jobs TUI, Europe's largest travel firm, is cutting 800 jobs at its UK businesses - Thomson Holidays, Lunn Poly and Brittania Airways.
Stocks to Watch Thursday  The world's No. 2 soft drink company said on Thursday  quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits.
Fresh Del Monte Cuts 2004 Profit Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fresh Del Monte Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDP.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday cut its 2004 earnings forecast because of weak banana  prices, high fuel costs and bad weather, among other factors.
General Mills Cereals Going Whole Grain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Mills Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GIS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. cereal maker behind Kellogg Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=K.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;K.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Thursday said  all its breakfast cereals would now be made with whole grain as  it seeks to promote healthy eating habits.
Microsoft Asks EU Court to Suspend Antitrust Ruling (Update1) Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s largest software maker, asked a European Union court to suspend an order by antitrust regulators forcing it to disclose information on the inner workings of its Windows product to competitors.
Sears to double store sites here Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. said yesterday it will double the number of stores it operates in San Diego County by acquiring five Kmart locations and converting them to Sears units over the next 15 months.
brewing giant InBev takes control of Lion Group #39;s beer activities &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; InBev, the world #39;s largest brewer by volume, said Thursday it had acquired total control of the Chinese beer business of Malaysia Lion Group.
H amp;M turnover climbs 16 The UK was today on course to become the second largest market for clothing retailer Hennes  amp; Mauritz after turnover climbed 16 over the summer.
Planning to dump IE? Think again For many people, using a non-Microsoft browser such as Firefox is now a must for secure Web surfing--but most still keep a copy of Internet Explorer around just in case.
Killer hamster ices owner A Japanese man died after a bite from his pet hamster caused anaphylactic shock, Mainichi Shimbun reports. Ther nameless forty-something succumbed after repeated bites from the animal sensitised his immune 
NASA boss reaches for stars during San Diego appearance America #39;s new vision to regain a foothold on the moon and launch humans to Mars will require revolutionary technologies and a national tolerance for risk, danger and failure, NASA #39;s chief administrator said yesterday.
Bomb Blasts in Baghdad Kill at Least 35, Wound 120 Insurgents detonated three car bombs near a US military convoy in southern Baghdad on Thursday, killing at least 35 people and wounding around 120, many of them children, officials and doctors said.
Astros pass Cubs in wild-card race The Houston Astros pushed closer to a playoff berth, winning their club-record 15th straight home game by beating the St. Louis Cardinals, 6-4, last night.
As Burdens Mount, There Is Little Joy in Yankeeland N between Scott Brosius and Alex Rodriguez, the hallowed Yankee pinstripes morphed into hollowed worry lines. These days, the pensive Yankees stir inside a clubhouse with the unsettled quiet of a waiting room.
China asks Canada to hand over asylum seekers China wants Canada to hand over the 44 people, believed to be North Korean asylum seekers, who scaled the spiked fence to break into the Canadian embassy in Beijing.
Car bombings shake Baghdad A spate of car bombings rocked Baghdad on Thursday, killing more than 20 people, including a US soldier and two Iraqi police officers, according to Iraqi and US officials.
Pilots land safely despite ax attack A man with an ax injured the two pilots on a Norwegian domestic flight Wednesday before being dragged screaming from the cockpit by fellow passengers.
Thai PM declares one-month deadline for ending bird flu Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declared a war on bird flu, saying the disease must be eliminated by the end of next month, the state-run Thai News Agency reported on Thursday.
Turning over a new leaf in New York Before Pakistan #39;s President General Pervez Musharraf and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met last Friday in New York on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly 
Arab network says ten new hostages seized in Iraq The Arab TV network Al-Jazeera is showing footage of six Iraqis, two Lebanese and two Indonesian women. The Islamic Army in Iraq is claiming responsibility.
Gurkha Soldiers Win Right to British Citizenship  LONDON (Reuters) - Gurkhas, who have served with British  army for nearly 200 years, won a landmark battle on Thursday to  be able to settle in the UK and gain British citizenship.
Pitcairn Mayor 'Led Rape' on Island - Prosecutor  SYDNEY (Reuters) - The trial of seven Pitcairn Island men,  descendants of the 18th century Bounty mutineers, began  Wednesday with the mayor the first to face charges of rape and  underage sex, pool reports said.
Vietnam official's son detained The son of a high-ranking trade official in Vietnam is arrested on fraud allegations.
Russian Cabinet Approves Kyoto Protocol MOSCOW - Russia's Cabinet approved the Kyoto Protocol on global warming Thursday, clearing the way for the worldwide adoption of the document once the Russian parliament ratifies it as widely expected.    The protocol must be ratified by no fewer than 55 countries that accounted for at least 55 percent of global emissions in 1990, and Russia's participation would tip the scale...
Tribute Concert Held for Ray Charles BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. - An eclectic lineup of musicians honored Ray Charles in a tribute concert, praising the late singer's rich life and his ability to transcend race and musical genres...
Dozens Killed as Violence Escalates in Iraq Insurgents escalated the violence in Iraq Thursday morning as separate bombing incidents killed dozens of people, including three American soldiers.
Universal McCann Ups Ad Spending Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media buyer Universal McCann on Monday  raised its forecast for global advertising spending in 2005,  citing growing marketing battles in industries such as autos  and drugs, but slightly cut its outlook for U.S. ad spending.
Boots shares dip on lacklustre outlook The health and beauty retailer Boots today warned of a difficult outlook for the crucial Christmas period, sending its shares down almost 5 in early trade.
Imperial Oil moving HQ to Calgary from Toronto TORONTO - Imperial Oil is moving its corporate headquarters to Calgary from Toronto, a shift that could see up to 500 people relocated.
Alternative fuel buses arrive in Smokies GATLINBURG, Tenn. - After months of planning, two alternative-fueled shuttle buses were added Tuesday to this Great Smoky Mountain tourist town #39;s transit fleet for a six-month demonstration.
Massive Asteroid to Pass Earth Earth is about to gets its closest brush this century with a massive asteroid, a hurtling space rock astronomers say is big enough to cause global devastation if it were to collide with the planet.
HP and Hitachi offer 300GB disk drives Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Hewlett Packard yesterday announced availability of what they claim are the industry #39;s first storage and server systems offering 300GB Fibre Channel and small computer system interface (SCSI) disk drive capacity.
Man dies after pet hamster bites him A man died from asthma after being bitten several times by his pet hamster in a city north of Tokyo, the Mainichi Shimbun reported Tuesday.
Rooney just one of Ferguson #39;s reasons to be cheerful While Wayne Rooney #39;s debut hat-trick against Fenerbahce made all the headlines, it was not the only reason for Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson to be cheerful.
Baghdad blasts kills at least 16 Insurgents have detonated two bombs near a convoy of US military vehicles in southern Baghdad, killing at least 16 people, Iraqi police say.
Bomb Blasts in Baghdad Kill at Least 16 -Police Insurgents detonated at least two bombs near a US military convoy in southern Baghdad on Thursday, killing at least 16 people, while a suicide bomber killed two Iraqi police and a US soldier west of the capital.
Pitcairn Mayor  #39;Led Rape #39; on Island - Prosecutor The trial of seven Pitcairn Island men, descendants of the 18th century Bounty mutineers, began Wednesday with the mayor the first to face charges of rape and underage sex, pool reports said.
Syria Agrees to Tighten Iraq Border US officials say Syria has agreed to tighten its border with Iraq to prevent insurgents from entering the country. The State Department says Syria agreed to coordinate with Iraqi and multinational forces.
UN Special Rapporteur on violence against women visits Sudan The United Nations Special Rapporteur on violence against women, Yakin Erturk, is visiting Sudan to examine the situation of women in the conflict-ridden African country.
Attack on US convoy kills 37 in Baghdad BAGHDAD - Multiple explosions rocked a western neighbourhood of the capital as a US convoy was passing today, killing at least 37 people and wounding more than 50, hospital and military officials said.
 #39;Ten hostages #39; captured in Iraq The Arabic television channel al-Jazeera has broadcast footage of what it says is a militant group claiming to have seized 10 new hostages in Iraq.
House Bill HR 10 permits sending certain suspects abroad for torture? Tucked away in Section 3032 and 3033 of H.R. 10, the 9/11 Recommendations Implementation Act of 2004, is an "anti-terrorist" provision that was never recommended by the 9/11 Commission. Indeed, it is the very opposite of a Commission recommendation - as noted in a critical press release about the bill from Rep. Edward Markey (D-MA), quoted here. The bill was introduced by House Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-IL).    This provision retroactively establishes a loophole legitimising the practice of extraditing "suspected terrorists" to another country where torture is legal or unprosecuted, for the purpose of having them tortured there.
Microsoft starts EU legal defence Microsoft begins a legal bid to have a European Commission anti-monopoly ruling temporarily suspended.
Britain becomes top data swapper More data now passes through the UK's key net hub in London than any other on the planet.
Chip Sales Rise; Inventories Seen Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Global semiconductor sales rose 1.1  percent to \$18.2 billion in August from the previous month and  it appears as though chip inventories are declining, an  industry trade group said on Thursday.
Chip Sales Rise; Inventories Seen Down (Reuters) Reuters - Global semiconductor sales rose 1.1\percent to  #36;18.2 billion in August from the previous month and\it appears as though chip inventories are declining, an\industry trade group said on Thursday.
French unemployment rises in August (AFP) AFP - France's seasonally-adjusted unemployment rate rose to 9.9 percent of the workforce in August from 9.8 percent in July, data from the Labour Ministry showed several.
H M Posts Improved 3Q Profits, Sales (AP) AP - Europe's largest fashion retailer, Hennes  amp; Mauritz AB, on Thursday posted better than expected third-quarter profits and said sales were up despite lowered prices and competition from rival companies, thanks in part to sales in the United States.
PepsiCo Says Profit Rises on Tax Benefits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 soft drink company, said on Thursday quarterly profit rose  due to \$221 million in tax benefits and strong performances  from its key Frito-Lay snack and North American beverage  businesses.
Microsoft Asks Judge to Suspend Penalties Microsoft Corp told a judge on Thursday that the European Commission must be stopped from\ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;