David Hare Sees How War Plays on World Stage   LONDON -- "Stuff happens!" Donald Rumsfeld once exclaimed in response to a reporter's question about the looting of Baghdad after the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003. "Freedom's untidy," he went on to explain, "and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. They're also free to love their lives and do wonderful things, and that's what's going to happen here."
Bremer Criticizes Lack of Troops in Iraq The U.S. official said Monday that the United States made two major mistakes: not deploying enough troops and then not containing the violence immediately after the ouster of Saddam Hussein.
SpaceShipOne Wins \$10 Mln X Prize With Today #39;s Flight (Update2) The rocket plane SpaceShipOne, built by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan and financed by Microsoft Corp. co- founder Paul Allen, won the \$10 million competition aimed at creating a space tourism 
Tennis: Harel Levy beats Yen-Hsun Lu at Japan Open Israeli Harel Levy defeated Yen-Hsun Lu of Chinese Taipei 7-6 (7-1), 7-6 (7-1) on Monday in the first round of the \$860,000 ATP/WTA Tour #39;s Japan Open.
 #39;Grinders #39; turn up pressure in postseason Like the autumn leaves, baseball changes in October. Pitchers dominate, and hitters desperately look for ways to score runs. By Andre Pichette, AP.
Spain applauds arrest of ETA leader by France Spanish Prime Minister Jose Rodriguez Zapatero on Monday thanked the French government for the recent capture in the country of a top leader of the separatist organization Basque Homeland and Freedom (ETA).
Got digital? By end of  #39;06, you may not have a choice If the Federal Communications Commission has its way, every American will see things a bit more clearly by the end of 2006. Workers build a 1,221-foot  quot;super tower quot; to hold digital 
Staple #39;s Brisk Clip A strengthening economy has been good news for office-supply retailers, as increased hiring means rising sales of sticky notes, pens, and other cubicle sundries.
Wal-Mart unveils 2005 expansion plans SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. late Monday unveiled fiscal 2005 expansion plans that include adding 40 to 45 discount stores in the United States and 155 to 165 in international markets.
10/5/04 EDITORIAL: Do-not-call list The Supreme Court ended Monday the telemarketing industry #39;s attempt to abolish the do-not-call registry by letting a lower court #39;s ruling stand, according to an Associated Press story.
Burt Rutan #39;s Giant Leap Burt Rutan isn #39;t one to mince words. Just minutes after the world #39;s first privately funded space craft touched down at the Mojave (Calif.
Man Buying Brewers Introduced Milwaukee - For the first time, the man who is expected to be the next owner of the Brewers met with the media. California investor Mark Attanasio assured fans that if the sale goes through, the team will definitely stay in Milwaukee.
Poll no guarantee of victory: PM TODAY #39;S Newspoll was no guarantee of victory for the Coalition and the election result would be close, Prime Minister John Howard said.
Japan defense panel delivers report Japan #39;s defense panel Monday called for greater security measures, strengthening the US/Japan security alliance and changing the Self-Defense Forces.
Oil Rises on OPEC Cut Talk, Saudi Attack (Reuters) Reuters - World oil prices ticked up from a\three-month low on Monday as traders looked for OPEC to take\action to stem a slide which knocked 14 percent off crude\prices last week.
Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board Edward Kozel, Cisco's former chief technology officer, joins the board of Linux seller Red Hat.
Sun lures Siebel to x86 Solaris Sun signs up the software company to support its attempt to make useful a version of its Solaris operating system for x86 chips.
Adobe tackles document ID The software maker offers a new service to add digital signatures to PDF documents.
Sun: UltraSparc IV doubles server oomph Sun Microsystems on Tuesday will detail "Panther," which promises more high-speed cache memory and higher clock speeds.
Red Sox and Angels Share Little, and a Lot The Red Sox and the Angels believe they can beat each other in a three-of-five-game division series and perhaps get one more shot at ... the Yankees.
Chiefs Beat Ravens for First Win of Season Priest Holmes ran for 133 yards and two touchdowns, and the Chiefs wore down the highly touted Baltimore defense in a victory Monday night.
Yahoo Introduces Personal Search Yahoo has enhanced its My Yahoo service with personalization features including search history, the ability to save pages to a 'personal web' and block URLs from appearing in search results.
Call it an Early Birthday Present Today the Supreme Court declined to rule that the National Do Not Call Registry violates telemarketers #39; rights to commercial free speech.
Japan #39;s Nikkei Falls; Nintendo, Sharp Drop on Earnings Concern Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average fell for the first day in four. Nintendo Co. and Sharp Co. slid after brokerages cut ratings on the companies on concern that earnings growth may slow.
Mercury Astronaut Gordon Cooper, 77 Gordon Cooper, 77, one of the seven original US astronauts, who made the nation #39;s first manned spaceflights and became known as possessors of  quot;The Right Stuff, quot; died yesterday at his home in Ventura, Calif.
Arguments for and against Turkey joining the EU As the European Commission prepares to give its verdict on whether Turkey is ready to start talks about joining the EU, herewith key questions and answers in the debate about its membership.
Retailers Bet on Poker's Rising Popularity (AP) AP - With poker's popularity growing because of televised tournaments, retailers are betting that playing cards and chips will be among the must-have items during the holiday shopping season.
Office Depot #39;s ceo Bruce Nelson resigns After implementing an audacious plan to push deep into the Northeast and negotiating the purchase of French contract stationer Guilbert SA, Bruce Nelson has resigned as Office Depot Inc.
Ship invades space again to claim \$10 million Aviation legend Burt Rutan won the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Monday with another flight to space for his SpaceShipOne, capping an eight-year quest in the St.
 #39;Morning Edition #39; Returns: Making Space for Trash Description: Trash pickups on the International Space Station ended nearly two years ago, when the Columbia disaster halted shuttle flights.
Sun unleashes Tiger Sun Microsystems last week released the long-awaited overhaul of the Java 2 Standard Edition. Sun is calling J2SE 5.0, code name  #39;Project Tiger, #39; the most significant upgrade of the Java 
Gavaskar answers India SOS Batting great Sunil Gavaskar will assist India #39;s out-of-form batsmen ahead of the Test series against against Australia. Gavaskar, the first batsman to score 10,000 runs, agreed to a specific request by captain 
Cardinals #39; Smith, 35, leads oldies but goodies hit parade By Paul Connors, AP. The NFL #39;s elders made their mark Sunday, and in at least one case it resembled tire tracks. Emmitt Smith, 35, in his 15th season, became the oldest running back 
Arabs tell Israel  #39;stop incursion into Gaza #39; Arab nations demanded in a draft UN Security Council resolution yesterday that Israel immediately halt its incursion into the northern Gaza Strip, where fighting has left at least 65 Palestinians dead.
Nets: If a title is in their future, stars don #39;t show it with physical problems to overcome and no certainty that they can do it -- and the heady optimism has been replaced by a harsh realism.
Microsoft releases Virtual PC 7 (MacCentral) MacCentral - First introduced on Jan. 6, 2004, Microsoft Corp.'s Macintosh  Business Unit on Tuesday will announce the release of Virtual PC 7 for  the Mac. Among the many new features, company executives boast about a  10 percent to 30 percent increase in performance and support for  Apple's Power Mac G5.
Pitcairn Islander pleads guilty to sex charge (AFP) AFP - One of seven men facing sex charges on the remote British Pacific colony of Pitcairn Island pleaded guilty in abuse trials implicating more than half the island's adult men, Radio New Zealand reported.
Reformed Australian opposition leader finds silence is golden (AFP) AFP - If Australian opposition leader Mark Latham wins the October 9 election it will be a new-found ability to bite his tongue, as much as a bold strategy platform, that delivers him the keys to the prime minister's office.
France can deport Muslim cleric A French court rules a deportation order against a radical Muslim preacher is lawful and he may be expelled again.
IBM releases low-cost Unix servers Big Blue releases two new inexpensive Power5-based Unix servers to take on Unix machines from HP and Sun.
Update 12: Crude Oil Climbs Above \$50 in Asia Crude oil prices climbed above the key \$50 mark in Asian trade Tuesday, creeping close to an all-time high as worries continued over supply and unrest in key oil producing areas.
Genentech Receives US Subpoena in Rituxan Marketing Probe Genentech Inc., the world #39;s second- biggest biotechnology company, received a subpoena from the US Attorney #39;s office in Philadelphia as part of a criminal and civil investigation into marketing of its top-selling drug, Rituxan.
Column: Market Focus Short-term interest-rate futures contracts traded at the Chicago Board of Trade now reflect increased odds the central bank will raise US interest rates at each of its next few meetings, including on Nov. 10 and at the final meeting of the year on Dec.
SpaceShipOne wins X-Prize altitude without the heart-stopping barrel rolls that vexed the craft #39;s qualifying flight on Wednesday. world altitude record for a fixed-wing aircraft, set in 1963 by the experimental X-15 rocket plane.
Yahoo wants users to get personal with Search The Internet portal will introduce on Tuesday advanced navigation tools to let people store, search and share their favorite Web pages--creating for users what it calls  quot;My Web.
Space travel a blast, students learn: Astronaut visits local &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When floating through space, and orbiting the Earth, an astronaut witnesses a sunset and sunrise every 45 minutes. Exploring beyond the atmosphere furthers 
Schilling ready to dominate again in playoffs (Sports Network) - Curt Schilling #39;s career postseason record is 5-1, and when you consider his ERA of 1.66 in those 11 games he is one of the most dominating starters in the playoffs.
Priest Holmes Helps Chiefs to First Victory (Reuters) Reuters - Priest Holmes rushed for 125 yards and\two touchdowns to help the Kansas City Chiefs pick up their\first win of the season, 27-24 over the host Baltimore Ravens\Monday.
This Date in Baseball for Oct. 5 (AP) AP - 1941  #151; Brooklyn catcher Mickey Owen dropped a third strike on Tommy Henrich of what would have been the last out of a Dodgers victory against the New York Yankees. Given the second chance, the Yankees scored four runs for a 7-4 victory and a 3-1 lead in the World Series, which they ended up winning.
Priest Holmes Helps Chiefs to First Victory  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Priest Holmes rushed for 125 yards and  two touchdowns to help the Kansas City Chiefs pick up their  first win of the season, 27-24 over the host Baltimore Ravens  Monday.
Oil price climbs back above \$50 The price of crude oil moves back above the benchmark \$50 a barrel mark as production facilities in the Gulf of Mexico remain down.
Telecoms sell-off price reduced Hutchison Whampoa, under pressure to offset losses on 3G mobile costs, cuts the price for the sale of its emerging markets arm.
FM warns central banks on rate hikes Finance Minister P Chidambaram warned that central banks should be cautious when raising interest rates because inflationary pressures were supply driven.
Bush extends tax break law President Bush used a Monday trip to Des Moines to sign into law an extension of tax benefits that he said will ensure 94 million Americans continue paying lower tax bills next year.
Economists expect job creation to pick up US employers will add jobs at a quicker pace at the end of 2004 and throughout 2005 than earlier expected, according to a survey of economic forecasters out Monday.
Stock benchmarks in Asia fall MUMBAI: Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average fell for the first day in four after brokerages cut their ratings on the companies, citing concern that earnings growth may slow.
AMD sees slightly lower sales for Q3 Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) expects to report slightly lower-than-expected sales for its third quarter when it announces earnings results on Thursday, the company said in a release Monday.
PolyFuel Announces Breakthrough Technology Advance For Automotive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIF - October 5, 2004 -olyFuel, a world leader in engineered membranes for fuel cells, announced today a breakthrough in technology that could ultimately make hydrogen fuel cell-powered automobiles a commercial reality.
Fortune names eBay CEO most powerful woman in business NEW YORK - Meg Whitman, president and chief executive officer of the online auction company eBay Inc topped Fortune magazine #39;s list of  quot;Most Powerful Woman in Business quot; for 2004.
Telecoms sell-off price reduced Hutchison Telecommunications (HTIL) has cut the size of its initial public offering (IPO) for a second time to bolster interest in its shares.
SpaceShipOne shows what initiative, daring and great personal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The terms were simple enough. Be the first to fly three people or the equivalent weight 62 miles high. Do it a second time within two weeks.
Yahoo rolls out personalised search test Yahoo, in a fierce market battle with Web search leader Google, has rolled out a test version of its search service that helps users personalise results.
Gates undaunted by Linux Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance on Friday at the US Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry.
Conway #39;s  #39;ethics #39; led to firing PeopleSoft #39;s board ousted Craig Conway as CEO after he made a misleading statement about the company #39;s ability to recruit customers while fending off Oracle #39;s \$7.
Genentech receives subpoena on Rituxan SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. -- Biotechnology company Genentech Inc. received a subpoena from the US Attorney #39;s Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania requesting documents related to the promotion 
Still a chance for Silverstone Motorsport.com. There was uproar last week when it was revealed that the provisional 2005 F1 calendar did not feature the British Grand Prix but Silverstone is not dead and buried yet.
Mirage takes early action on Shaq-Kobe A bitter feud between former teammates Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O #39;Neal continues to escalate, and it #39;s not too soon to bet on the winner of their first duel.
Pippen to retire from NBA Chicago Bull #39;s player Scottie Pippen will join former teammate Michael Jordan in retirement. He is reportedly to announce his retirement from the NBA on Tuesday.
No knock on wood Pitching, defense are Sabean #39;s priorities for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The day after elimination always brings strange vibes. It #39;s too soon to let go of the rigorous season that fell short but not too early to start thinking about next year #39;s team.
TEXANS STAT CENTER After finally winning consecutive games, the Texans are a team in search of a challenge.  quot;I knew that was going to come up, quot; Texans coach Dom Capers said with a laugh.
Dowie relieved by victory Boss Iain Dowie admitted his relief after Crystal Palace grabbed their first Premiership win of the season. Dowie also singled out Andy Johnson for special praise after the striker scored to set Palace on their way to a 2-0 win over London rivals Fulham.
24 killed in Iraq car bombings Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs yesterday near the symbol of US authority in Iraq -- the Green Zone, where the US Embassy and 
SEC says AIG public statements misleading AIG said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission has accused it of engaging in a pattern of  quot;misleading quot; public statements about a controversial accounting product 
Cheaper Part for Fuel Cells to Be Announced on Tuesday With oil near \$50 a barrel, alternatives to gasoline are attracting more attention - including fuel cells, devices that convert hydrogen into electric current with no waste products except heat and pure water.
Recent Winners of Nobel Prize in Physics (AP) AP - Recent winners of the Nobel Prize in physics, and their research, according to the Nobel Foundation:
Singapore Airlines sells stake in Air New Zealand SINGAPORE: Singapore Airlines (SIA) will sell its 6.3 percent stake in Air New Zealand, officially ending its venture in the now government-controlled carrier.
Utah firm acquiring KTAR in radio deal Bonneville International Corp. of Salt Lake City will acquire KTAR, KKLT-FM (98.7) and KMVP-AM (860) from Emmis Communications Corp.
Britain's Conservatives Struggling (AP) AP - A decade ago, analysts were calling Britain's Conservative Party the dominant force in 20th-century British politics.
Chechen president to be sworn in The new president of Chechnya, Alu Alkhanov, is due to be sworn in amid high security in the capital, Grozny.
Chiefs Beat Ravens 27-24, End Winlessness BALTIMORE - Winless no more, the Kansas City Chiefs rendered the Baltimore Ravens defenseless with an almost unimaginable display of ball control and patience.    Priest Holmes ran for 133 yards and two touchdowns, and the Chiefs wore down the highly touted Baltimore defense in a 27-24 victory Monday night...
Nobel Prize Winner for Physics to Be Named STOCKHOLM, Sweden - The Nobel Prize in physics is like a scientific riddle: speculation about who could win equals the sheer complexity of the work examined for the coveted award.    This year's choice, which is to be announced Tuesday by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, could be involved in the search for dark matter or nanotubes...
Cheney, Edwards to Meet in Only Debate CLEVELAND - On the campaign trail, Vice President Dick Cheney often jabs at Democrat John Edwards for his past as a trial lawyer, blaming his sort for "frivolous lawsuits" that raise health care costs. In turn, Edwards rails against Cheney's ties to the company he once headed, accusing the Republican of favoring his "friends" at Halliburton...
Vote for Mom? Candidate Says She's Just the Ticket KABUL -- As  an endless procession of Afghans passes through the grim Soviet-era office of Masooda Jalal, all apparently enthusiastic about electing her the next president of Afghanistan, there are strange echoes in her responses of familiar American political themes.
Office Depot ousts chairman Office Depot Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 office-supplies retailer, ousted Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce Nelson after sales declined at its older stores in 14 of 16 quarters.
Private craft launches a new era SpaceShipOne, the world #39;s first privately built manned spacecraft, blasted into space for the second time in less than a week on Monday to claim the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
Moss Among Nine Vikings Fined for Bears Altercation (Reuters) Reuters - The NFL handed down fines to 15\players involved in a scuffle between the Minnesota Vikings and\Chicago Bears on Sept. 26.
22 dead afrter ship carrying illegal immigrants capsizes A boat carrying would-be immigrants to Italy capsized in the Mediterranean, killing at least 22 people and leaving dozens more missing.
Pressure on Karzai as Afghan Drug Problem Worsens Mirwais Yasini, director general of Afghanistan #39;s counter-narcotics department, tells the story of how a British general asked him for a list of Afghan commanders involved in the drug trade.
Scottie Pippen Expected to Announce Retirement  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - Seven-time All-Star and six-time  World Champion Scottie Pippen is reportedly expected to  announce his retirement from the Chicago Bulls Tuesday.
Moss Among Nine Vikings Fined for Bears Altercation  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The NFL handed down fines to 15  players involved in a scuffle between the Minnesota Vikings and  Chicago Bears on Sept. 26.
Private Rocket Ship Earns \$10 Million in New Space Race A private rocket ship shot into space on Monday morning and won a coveted \$10 million aviation prize for its creators.
Schwab to Cut Most Online Trade Commissions by One-Third The Charles Schwab Corporation said that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.
Bonneville adds three radio stations in Phoenix Salt Lake City-based Bonneville International Corp. has acquired three radio stations in Phoenix in a trade for a Chicago rock station and cash.
Business Glance CHICAGO - The governors of Illinois and Wisconsin on Monday launched the first state-sponsored program to help residents buy cheaper prescription drugs from Europe and Canada - despite federal laws banning prescription drug importation.
Winning spaceflight: Priceless MOJAVE, Calif. -- Burt and the billionaire kept their eye on the prize yesterday, collecting \$10 million and symbolically launching a new era in private space exploration.
JUST TOO COOL: Handhelds  PDA can store data Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled a personal digital assistant Monday that doubles as a portable data storage drive. The Tungsten T5 handheld has 256 megabytes of built-in flash memory, of which 215 MB will be available to the user.
Schools, Libraries Internet Aid Delayed WASHINGTON - A cash-flow problem in a federal program is hindering the ability of many schools and libraries to pay for Internet service.
Chiefs #39; skid ends with all-around effort in the nick of time BALTIMORE -- The Kansas City Chiefs have three words for all us know-it-alls out there who have spent the past three weeks questioning their mettle, their offseason decision-making and everything short of their manhood: Not so fast.
McCann pulls out of Scotland squad with injury Neil McCann has withdrawn from Scotland #39;s squad for upcoming World Cup qualifiers after the Southampton winger injured his hamstring over the weekend against Manchester City.
Lions #39; injuries improve, but ...  quot;All right, vacation #39;s over, quot; he told the Lions players Monday.  quot;Now, wire in. Go to work. quot;. And, although he didn #39;t say it, he might have included one more thought: Heal faster.
Small changes, big profits Staples Inc. hosted a daylong event last week for analysts who follow the company #39;s stock, laying out plans to keep growing in the immediate future and beyond.
\$500 tax break is in the works WASHINGTON -- In a breakthrough that could mean a \$500 bonus for thousands of Washington state taxpayers, congressional negotiators yesterday agreed to allow state sales taxes to be deducted from federal returns for the first time since 1986.
Sara Lee Affirms Profit Forecast of \$1.61 to \$1.71 a Share Sara Lee Corp. reaffirmed its forecast for fiscal full-year profit of \$1.61 to \$1.71 a share. That includes first-quarter profit of 39 cents to 44 cents a share.
Rocket plane lands \$10M MOJAVE, CALIF. -- A stubby private rocket plane blasted through Earth #39;s atmosphere for a second time in a week yesterday, capturing a \$10-million US prize meant to encourage space tourism.
Web Services With the Internet revolution now a decade old, fear no longer grips companies contemplating moving their systems to the Web. More companies are turning to so-called Web Services these days to help migrate 
Microsoft to offer software to help users combat spyware/malware The malware/adware threat is great enough, Gates said, that Microsoft is investing  quot;hundreds of millions quot; of its \$5 billion annual R amp;D budget toward solving it.
New baseball season begins Six teams will play baseball games today, and two more will join them tomorrow. The Moneyball boys won #39;t be one of them. Their reinvention of the game didn #39;t work this season.
Palace boss hails hitman Johnson Crystal Palace boss Iain Dowie hailed Andy Johnson as one of the best strikers in the country after the centre-forward scored his fifth goal of the season in a 2-0 win against Fulham on Monday.
Megawati urges Indonesians to accept poll results Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. JAKARTA, Indonesia -- An emotional Megawati Sukarnoputri on Tuesday urged Indonesia to accept the results of 
Just 3 of 18 candidates for president attend debate It was not exactly riveting: three candidates and the representatives of 12 others sat at a horseshoe-shaped table yesterday droning 
Japan's Sharp develops world's largest LCD television (AFP) AFP - Sharp Corp. has developed a 65-inch (1.66 metres) liquid crystal display (LCD) colour television under its AQUOS brand, the world's largest.
PeopleSoft trial draws media crowd Software giant Oracle Corp. began its legal battle with rival PeopleSoft Inc. in Delaware Chancery Court Monday, the first of two cases expected to bring the national business media to the state #39;s famed court of equity this month.
MBNA gets OK for joint card venture The US Supreme Court on Monday opened a new business frontier for MBNA Corp. by clearing the way for the Wilmington-based credit card giant and American Express to jointly issue a credit card for the first time.
Corporate Tax Bill Faces Opposition House and Senate negotiators hope to wrap up work on a major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a nasty trade dispute with Europe while showering more than \$130 
INDUSTRY REPORT: Aviation -- US Airways to cut pay US Airways announced plans to cut \$45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to collectively accept \$950 million in annual cost cuts.
Australian Shares End Slightly Higher, Hits Fresh Record MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian shares closed at a record for a second consecutive session Tuesday as gains in resources heavyweight BHP Billiton and the banking sector were offset by losses in media group News Corp.
 quot;Do-not-call quot; list survives The US Supreme Court opted Monday not to hear a case involving the national  quot;do-not-call quot; list, effectively ending a bid by telemarketers to have the popular registry deemed unconstitutional.
CanWest restructures in convergence push CanWest Global Communications Corp. has hired five top executives of US media companies including former vice-presidents of Time Warner, the New York Times and Playboy magazine in an apparent bid to boost its convergence play.
Houston, we have a winner: Allen #39;s group claims X Prize MOJAVE, Calif. - A \$20 million, private investment in manned space flight earned a \$10 million return yesterday when a stubby, white rocket captured the X Prize by soaring to the edge of space for the second time in less than a week.
iPods  quot;packed with pirated music quot; THAT MEEKshy and retiring Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer, has dared to suggest that Apple #39;s reassuringly expensive and beautiful iPods might be packed full of pirated music.
Sun #39;s UltraSPARC IV is go SUN ANNOUNCED THE UltraSPARC IV this morning, most probably the last of its line. Sun will be taking a new direction from this point on, with the new Fujitsu co-developed chips being a definite step sideways 
Flaw in Firefox fixed THE MOZILLA FOUNDATION has announced that a hole in its Firefox software has been patched. Firefox suffers from a vulnerability that could allow hackers to delete all the files in the Download directory.
Web grows by a million sites a month OVER FIVE million websites have been built in the last five months, according to the latest Netcraft survey. This means that there are more than 55 million active sites on the Interweb.
Boston vs. Anaheim The plot: The Anaheim Angels seemed to capture in the final week of the season the swagger they had when they won the 2002 World Series as a wild card.
Chiefs Stop Ravens 27-24 for First Victory In the NFL its best to keep a sleeping giant down but despite a stellar offensive performance by the Chiefs, the Baltimore Ravens were very opportunistic but in the end the Chiefs defense made the plays and Kansas City wins their first game of the season 
Crystal Palace win season #39;s first league match Newly-promoted side Crystal Palace scored their first Premier League win of the season with a 2-0 victory over London rivals Fulham here on Monday.
Notebook: Green Bay trades McKenzie to Saints Mike McKenzie got his wish yesterday, seven months after asking out of Green Bay. The Packers sent the disgruntled cornerback and a future conditional sixth-round 
WILKO CHOICE A REAL GAMBLE Jonny Wilkinson #39;s predictable elevation to the England captaincy is generally being greeted with the trusty old quote:  quot;It #39;s a dream come true quot;.
Poor season dooms Melvin Asked last Friday if he had been given any news of his fate or his future with the Mariners, Bob Melvin said he had not.  quot;But look around the office, quot; he said with a grim smile.
Glove will lend hand: Payton #39;s arrival changes C #39;s Gary Payton has probably tolerated more unappealing tasks, like eating his spinach when he was 10 or sharing the Lakers #39; sandbox with Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O #39;Neal last spring.
Runner appeals for gold Brazilian marathon runner Vanderlei de Lima asked sport #39;s highest review panel to award him an Olympic gold medal after he was attacked by a spectator while leading the race at the Athens Games.
Notebook: Huskies say SJSU game is must-win With the Huskies reeling at 0-4 - the only member of a Bowl Championship Series conference left without a win -an Jose State suddenly looms as the only team left on the schedule that UW will be favored to beat.
Indonesia President Megawati Admits Defeat JAKARTA, Indonesia Oct. 4, 2004 - Outgoing President Megawati Sukarnoputri tearfully conceded defeat Tuesday in last month #39;s elections, clearing the way for the winner to begin forming a new government.
UN Security Council urges end to violence in Mideast In the wake of escalating deadly violence in the Gaza Strip, the UN Security Council met Monday at an open debate to hear many speakers urge an end to conflict there.
Pitcairn Islander pleads guilty to sex crime charges SYDNEY - One of seven men facing trial for sex crimes against underage girls on the remote British territory of Pitcairn in the South Pacific has pleaded guilty to three charges of sexual assault, the Australian newspaper reported Tuesday.
Vibrator shuts down Mackay airport SN30952 writes  quot;An adult sex toy shut down a key regional airport for almost an hour today when it was mistaken for a bomb, Queensland police said.
Blair prepares for African trip Prime Minister Tony Blair is preparing for a gruelling trip to Africa just days after undergoing heart treatment.
24 killed in Iraq car bombings BAGHDAD -- Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs yesterday near the symbol of US authority in Iraq -- the Green Zone, where the US Embassy and key government offices are located -- and hotels occupied by hundreds of foreigners. Three other explosions brought the day's bombing toll to at least 24 dead and more than 100 wounded.
Just 3 of 18 candidates for president attend debate KABUL, Afghanistan -- It was not exactly riveting: three candidates and the representatives of 12 others sat at a horseshoe-shaped table yesterday droning out near-identical speeches outlining plans to fight corruption, exploit the nation's untapped copper and gold resources, and improve pay for civil servants.
Tech Warning, Higher Oil Weigh on Asia  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian share markets were trapped in  narrow ranges on Tuesday as higher oil prices and a sales  warning by chip maker Advanced Micro Devices offset upbeat U.S.  economic and corporate news.
Cheney, Edwards prepare for debate as race tightens (AFP) AFP - US Vice President Dick Cheney will square off with his Democratic rival John Edwards in a televised debate that suddenly takes on importance for the Republicans after George W. Bush's tepid showing last week.
Saudi Arabia's first open trial of reformers closed by judge RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- Saudi Arabia's first open trial for democratic advocates was abruptly closed by the judge yesterday, a decision seen by progressive Saudis as a setback to reform efforts in the kingdom.
Suit seeks release of flag-draped coffin photos WASHINGTON -- A journalism professor sued the government yesterday to force the Defense Department to release pictures of the flag-draped coffins of soldiers arriving in the United States from wars overseas.
Paraguayan border town called key site for terrorist funding CIUDAD DEL ESTE, Paraguay -- In this gritty border town known as a haven for drug smugglers, arms dealers, and counterfeiters, stacks of money change hands in the open on every corner and thousands of people stream each day across Friendship Bridge into Ciudad del Este.
Deaths in Darfur could reach 300,000, US official says GENEVA--The death toll in Sudan's conflict-ravaged Darfur region could rise sixfold by the end of the year--hitting 300,000--because of worsening food shortages among refugees, a senior US aid official said yesterday.
Israel, Palestinians Seek Deal to End Gaza Fighting  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel and the Palestinian Authority  are trying to work out a deal to end the army's Gaza offensive  in return for stopping militants firing rockets into the Jewish  state, Israeli security sources said Tuesday.
Nearly 750,000 Afghan Refugees Sign Up to Vote  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Nearly three quarters of a million  Afghan refugees living in Pakistan registered to vote in their  country's first direct presidential polls this weekend,  ignoring warnings not to do so from Islamic militants.
A thriving survivor Saturday mornings often find Brian T. Moynihan multitasking. The president of Bank of America Corp.'s wealth and investment management division stashes the household garbage in the back of the family minivan and drives it to the dump, while his children chatter in the back seat. As he drives, Moynihan talks with colleagues on his cellphone about complicated business transactions, performing ...
Canadian drug vendor wins deals with 2 states The Canadian pharmacy manager that arranges prescription shipments to Springfield's city employees landed a chunk of new business yesterday, emerging as the sole supplier for a new prescription importation website unveiled by Illinois and Wisconsin.
Factory orders decline Orders placed with US factories fell for the first time in four months, the Commerce Department said yesterday, with demand dropping sharply for commercial airplanes and parts.
EBay's Whitman topples Fiorina from top spot on Fortune list The title of most powerful businesswoman is going, going, gone, to eBay Inc.'s Meg Whitman.
Ex-CEO of PeopleSoft says he lied to analysts The former chief executive of PeopleSoft Corp., who was fired last week, said he lied to Wall Street analysts last year about the impact of Oracle Corp.'s hostile bid on the company's business.
Charles Schwab to expand online price cuts to include all customers Slumping stockbroker Charles Schwab Corp. is cutting its online prices for all customers, hoping to lure back bargain-minded investors alienated by the higher fees the company has imposed in recent years.
EAGLES TAKE OFF AT LAST PALACE #39;S leading goal-scorer Andy Johnson was jubilant last night after giving the Eagles Premiership lift-off. The Selhurst Park forward drew first blood eight minutes after half-time with his fifth league goal of the season.
Test pitch a  #39;Kumble crumbler #39; THE Australian team has arrived in the lush southern city of Bangalore for tomorrow #39;s first Test to be greeted by a pitch that is as cracked and dry as a Coober Pedy waterhole in a drought.
Diageo raises 1.84bn from share sale Diageo has raised \$2.26bn (1.84bn) from the sale of 49.9 million shares of common stock held in General Mills. The shares were sold for 45.
Stuck in No.2, Office Depot cuts CEO Sales rose slightly in the past two quarters, a first in Bruce Nelson #39;s four years of trying to jump-start the chain as it struggled to gain on Staples Inc.
Cingular #39;s proposed purchase of AT amp;T Wireless gets support Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell recommended that the agency approve Cingular Wireless #39; proposed \$41 billion purchase of Redmond-based AT amp;T Wireless Services, a person familiar with the matter said.
Right stuff for right price Mojave, Calif.In a spectacular flight that opened a new window to space - and the imagination -paceShipOne rocketed to victory in the international Ansari X Prize competition yesterday.
Astronaut  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper dies (10/05/04)-- A fellow Mercury astronaut is mourning the death of Gordon Cooper Monday at his home in Ventura, California. Wally Schirra told Associated Press Radio 
Forum: Should India bat first or bowl first? A barren, grassless wicket in the middle of rain-soaked Bangalore promises a riot of spin. Harbhajan Singh and Anil Kumble will lead India #39;s slow bowling attack.
Pitcairn mayor admits sex charges The postmaster of tiny Pitcairn Island has pleaded guilty to the indecent assault of a 12-year-old girl, the first outcome in a series of trials at a makeshift court set up on this remote Pacific outpost to handle charges of sex 
UN set to vote on Gaza resolution as Powell calls for end to raids JERUSALEM : The UN Security Council was set to vote on a draft resolution calling for Israel to pull its troops out of Gaza after a huge onslaught that has left almost 80 Palestinians dead in less than a week.
Dollar Firm Ahead of Greenspan, Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar held near a one-week high  against the euro on Tuesday on optimism about the U.S. economy  as the market awaited comments from Federal Reserve Chairman  Alan Greenspan.
Mondavi Director Quits Under Pressure  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Michael Mondavi, a director of wine  maker Robert Mondavi Corp., has resigned from the board after  his comments in the press undermined the company's efforts to  overhaul its business, the company said.
Crude prices make a retreat Oil futures retreated below \$50 a barrel yesterday, though analysts said there is enough uncertainty about geopolitics and weather -- and the industry #39;s 
Rocket #39;s success propels chances of space tourism Holding a US flag he carried into space, SpaceShipOne pilot Brian Binnie salutes the crowd as a band plays the National Anthem as the spacecraft is towed down a taxiway after soaring into space in its quest to win the Ansari X Prize at Mojave, Calif 
Dawn of man was a lousy day Scientists took a fresh look at human evolution through tiny hitchhikers that have clung to humans and their relatives for centuries - lice.
Red Sox are armed with confidence In one of his box-of-chocolates moments, Manny Ramirez served up a surprise when he was asked if he had ever played for a better team than the 2004 Red Sox.
Australia #39;s quest to conquer  #39;final frontier #39; begins tomorrow Bangalore, Oct 5. (PTI):The ultimate tussle of contemporary Test cricket begins here tomorrow as Australia launch a  quot;well-planned quot; mission to conquer the  #39;Final Frontier quot; and record their first series win on Indian soil in 35 years.
Owen to give Sven selection dilemma Michael Owen has reassured Sven-Goran Eriksson that he will be fit to face Wales in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier - if selected.
Carter vows full effort despite unhappiness In his first public statements since a trade demand last month, the Toronto Raptors star defiantly refused to soften his position yesterday, but insisted that he would still play hard for the team he wants to leave.
US warplanes strike Sadr City US warplanes have pounded Baghdad #39;s Sadr City only hours after car bombs killed at least 26 people in two Iraqi cities. Heavy fighting also erupted in the suburb overnight on Monday.
Howard plans regional spy school Australian leader John Howard has put national security back onto the election agenda by announcing plans for a regional spy school.
Healthy Iverson vows changes this season Allen Iverson declared Monday that he is 100 percent and promised to be a better leader and teammate. Calling last year  quot;the worst season of my career, by far, quot; Iverson 
Portis leads way with 148 yards rushing All it took was some red socks and a load of work to get Clinton Portis and the Redskins past the 20-point barrier. Marginalized during the team #39;s three-game losing streak, Portis got the ball early and often.
Digital Gear: So Portable, It's Disposable (PC World) PC World - Digicams you can ditch, a tiny TV, and other gadgets for when you're on the go.
1980 Mount St. Helens Eruption Remembered (AP) AP - The rumblings, the steady earthquakes, the throat-clearing steam blasts all seem so eerily familiar. But nearly 25 years ago now, it was a deadlier show that Mount St. Helens put on for the world.
China leads world on broadband \China is leading the world in the number of subscribers to broadband through phone lines, says a report.
Loud Explosions Echo Through Iraqi Capital (AP) AP - Loud explosions echoed through the Iraqi capital Tuesday morning as a number of mortar rounds landed near government offices, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said. There was no immediate word on casualties.
Packers don #39;t get mad, they just hope to get even Nobody in the Green Bay Packers #39; locker room had anything nasty to say about the Eagles. They didn #39;t say anything about the fact that with the score 44-3 late in the fourth quarter yesterday, Donovan McNabb 
1980 Mount St. Helens Eruption Remembered COLDWATER RIDGE, Wash. - The rumblings, the steady earthquakes, the throat-clearing steam blasts all seem so eerily familiar...
Briefly: IBM releases low-cost Unix servers roundup Plus: Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board...Sun lures Siebel to x86 Solaris...Apple issues Mac OS X security update.
Don #39;t-call list upheld by justices WASHINGTON-- One year and 64 million phone numbers later, the legality of the nation #39;s  quot;Do Not Call List quot; was upheld by the US Supreme Court yesterday.
Giant insurer at odds with SEC American International Group seemed headed for deeper trouble with watchdogs yesterday after saying it could be sued over allegedly false information in press releases.
US Chip-Related Stocks Including Intel Decline in Europe US chip-related stocks, including Intel Corp., declined after Advanced Micro Devices Inc. said third- quarter sales fell from the preceding period.
Lazard Set to Discuss \$3 Billion IPO Lazard #39;s board is set to meet to consider a sale of shares to the public that could end a long history of private ownership at the independent investment bank and possibly buy out the bank #39;s founding family.
Mondavi Director Quits Under Pressure Michael Mondavi, a director of wine maker Robert Mondavi Corp., has resigned from the board after his comments in the press undermined the company #39;s efforts to overhaul its business, the company said.
Sun: UltraSparc IV doubles server oomph Sun Microsystems will detail its high-end UltraSparc IV processor Tuesday, a chip code-named  quot;Panther quot; that will roughly double the speed of servers using the current processor.
Sox face battle of wills If they are looking for a fight, the Red Sox stats, schedule have come to the right place. They #39;re a very dangerous team, #39; #39; Red Sox catcher Doug Mirabelli 
Mussina has no margin for error against Twins lefty Santana It seems the Yankees have the Mets to thank for the big, overhand left thats coming head-on at them tonight in Game 1 of the ALDS at Yankee Stadium.
England custodian is left fighting for his future DAVID JAMES has vowed to fight to reclaim his place in the England side even though Paul Robinson seems likely to keep his place against Wales this weekend.
NFL: Kansas City 27, Baltimore 24 Kansas City #39;s Priest Holmes ran for two touchdowns and Trent Green passed for one Monday night in a 27-24 win over the Baltimore Ravens.
Angels  #39;pen is closing in: Percival, Rodriguez lead a stingy group The Red Sox stats, schedule can bash with Manny Ramirez stats, news and David Ortiz stats, news. The Angels can do the same with Vladimir Guerrero and Troy Glaus.
Hu Jintao congratulates Indonesia #39;s new president Chinese President Hu Jintao has sent a congratulatory message to Indonesia #39;s newly elected president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Spain sees French capture of Basques as major victory MADRID : The Spanish and French governments hailed a  quot;historic quot; victory against armed Basque separatist group ETA following the weekend arrest in France of ETA #39;s political leader and 16 associates.
Two sides to Patriots' success story Just a few seconds after Richard Seymour raced 68 yards for a fourth-quarter touchdown with a Drew Bledsoe fumble in Sunday's 31-17 Patriots victory over the Buffalo Bills, the camera panned the sideline at Ralph Wilson Stadium to capture a telling scene.
Playoff viewers can't count on quality start The good part about postseason baseball on TV: The games mean everything. But viewing comes at a price because the networks have taken over, and they call the shots. That means, far from adding to the viewing pleasure, so far, the postseason has been taking away.
After 99 losses, Mariners dump Melvin Bob Melvin was fired as manager of the Seattle Mariners yesterday, a day after the team ended the season with its 99th loss.
Who is third man in? Think the Red Sox have rotation issues? On the eve of tonight's Division Series opener with Minnesota, Yankees manager Joe Torre didn't know who will start Game 3 Friday or whether Orlando Hernandez even will be on the roster.
Clemens will be rested, ready A few hours before the Houston Astros' regular-season finale, Roger Clemens was sick to his stomach and hooked up to an IV tube.
Reasons to believe So, just why is it that the 2004 Red Sox are so much better equipped to silence the  quot;1918 quot; chants than their immediate predecessors? What is the reason, as Kevin Millar said last weekend, repeating a commonly held belief in the Sox clubhouse, that no one wants to play this team in October?
Martinez never tougher to gauge You begin with the obvious: He is one of the greatest pitchers of his time. Pedro Martinez's gaudy won-lost percentage (.705) will land him in the baseball Hall of Fame when his career is over, an understandably overlooked fact at the moment, in the wake of his final four starts of the 2004 season, all of them losses, each of ...
He's a grown Manny The prevailing wisdom in Boston in 1999 was that a couple of out-of-town baseball writers robbed Pedro Martinez of that season's Most Valuable Player award. But in Cleveland that year, another player may have robbed himself of the prize: Manny Ramirez.
Match play Starting lineups The Angels led the American League in stolen bases (six players, led by Chone Figgins's 34, stole 15 or more) and with opponents having stolen 85 bases in 100 attempts against three Red Sox pitchers (Tim Wakefield, Derek Lowe, and Pedro Martinez), look for the Angels to run early and often. The Angels also were second in the ...
Schilling ready to carry load Go ahead, jump on his back. Pile on. Curt Schilling expects it. He wasn't kidding last winter when he all but assigned himself the job of ending the Red Sox' 86-year championship famine.
Sele left off roster but he stays cheery Aaron Sele , the former Red Sox righthander, went an impressive 9-4 during the regular season for the Angels. But he and that .692 winning percentage will be out of the Division Series between the Angels and Sox.
Nicol's worth to be determined The Los Angeles Galaxy recently fired coach Sigi Schmid while the team was in first place. Last week, newly founded Chivas USA went across the country to hire Thomas Rongen. The moves were not totally unrelated. They created controversy and stimulated interest, which is bound to increase as the teams will be sharing the Home Depot Center as their home ...
Wildcats on the rise with Santos The University of New Hampshire's impressive 51-40 road victory over 10th-ranked Villanova Saturday night vaulted the Wildcats three spots to ninth in this week's Sports Network 1-AA football poll, while dropping Villanova to 14th.
Today's schedule College field hockey: Bryant at Merrimack, 3:30 p.m.; Wellesley at Wheaton, 3:30 p.m.; Keene St. at Bridgewater St., 4 p.m.; Eastern Connecticut at Framingham St., 4 p.m.; Regis at MIT, 6 p.m.; AIC at Bentley, 7 p.m.; Clark at Babson, 7 p.m.
Warrior displays his upside It didn't take Matt Savit long to make a big contribution at the varsity level. The sophomore, who was called up from Lincoln-Sudbury's junior varsity soccer team just three days ago, scored the lone goal as the undefeated Warriors slipped past Weston, 1-0.
R24 and RS24: what you want at Suzuka The Renault F1 Teams two technical directors have overseen the final developments for Japan in fine detail. Heres an explanation
Digital Gear: So Portable, It's Disposable Digicams you can ditch, a tiny TV, and other gadgets for when you're on the go.
Ofgem exposes gas supply problems Energy regulator Ofgem blames high oil prices and problems with the UK's supply of gas for a steep rise in wholesale gas prices.
The Kidney Swap: Adventures in Saving Lives Kidney exchanges are helping doctors shorten transplant waiting lists, but they also pose serious challenges.
What a Story Lice Can Tell A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
Experts Place Ancient Toolmakers on a Fast Track to Northern China A discovery of 1.66 million-year-old stone tools has produced the earliest evidence that human ancestors apparently dispersed across Asia at a relatively rapid clip.
One Lesson From Vioxx: Approach New Drugs With Caution The removal of the painkiller from the market served as a reminder that new drugs sometimes turn out to have unforeseen side effects after a few years of widespread use.
Charlton shuts out rival Crystal Palace Charlton beat London rival Crystal Palace 1-0 yesterday with an injury-time winner from substitute Dennis Rommedahl. It was Charlton #39;s second away win of the season and lifted the club three places to 10th.
Unraveling Enigma of Smell Wins Nobel for 2 Americans Two American scientists who solved the enigma of how people can smell 10,000 different odors and recall them later were awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
More options for bank cards and yes, more pitches in the mail - now that the US Supreme Court has upheld a ruling that allows banks to offer credit cards from issuers such as American Express and Discover Card.
US Airways to Cut Hundreds of Jobs US Airways Group Inc. plans to eliminate  quot;hundreds quot; of management and nonunion jobs and cut top executives #39; pay by between 5 and 10 percent, the airline told its employees yesterday.
BHP plans massive share buy-back Sydney - Global resources giant BHP Billiton on Tuesday announced a share buy-back of A\$1 billion to A\$1.5 billion (R4.65 billion to R6.
Lazard in vital float meeting THE board of investment bank Lazard meets today to consider a float on Wall Street that could value the firm at 1.7bn, according to reports.
Yahoo rolls out test of personalized search San Francisco, October 5: Yahoo Inc, which is in a fierce market battle with Web search leader Google Inc, late on Monday rolled out a test version of its search service that helps users personalize results.
IIS Rounds the Security Corner Opinion: There are only two Web servers that matter. While two-thirds of domains run Apache, Web server share numbers show that Microsoft #39;s IIS is also a respectable choice.
GLAZER POISED FOR UNITED BID? US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has hired JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. bank to advise him on a possible bid for Manchester United and he could issue a statement on his intentions later today.
India await on final frontier When the year #39;s most eagerly awaited Test series starts here tomorrow Australia, who have dominated the world game since the fading of West Indies a dozen years ago, will feel the uncommon pressure of having to prove a point.
Jonny realises England dream Jonny Wilkinson has realised his dream by being named as England #39;s new captain. The Newcastle Falcons fly-half will lead England in the three November Tests against Canada, Australia and South Africa.
Defense method Saints acquire CB McKenzie The New Orleans Saints completed their long-anticipated trade for Green Bay cornerback Mike McKenzie on Monday. The Saints swapped third-string quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan and their second 
Perfection not enough for Auburn Oklahoma and USC, 12-0 like the Tigers, head to the Orange Bowl title game while Texas vaults Cal for a BCS berth. By wire services.
Conway #39;s head was on PeopleSoft block for weeks Testimony from a PeopleSoft board member has indicated that the company had been thinking about removing deposed CEO Craig Conway for some time.
Oil Rises, Nears Record Above \$50 as US Production Curbed Crude oil surpassed \$50 a barrel and was close to a record in New York as US production in the Gulf of Mexico took longer than expected to recover, slowing the buildup of inventories to meet winter needs.
Kodak axing 600 UK jobs Photographic equipment manufacturer Kodak said it was axing 600 jobs in the UK and closing a factory in Nottingham. The group plans to shut its photo film finishing plant at Annesley with the loss of 350 jobs.
Roche shares slip as Genentech faces Rituxan subpoena Swiss drugmaker Roche #39;s (ROG.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) majority-owned biotech firm Genentech Inc (DNA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) faces an investigation by US 
\$10 million space shot A star-spangled rocket plane returned to space yesterday, enabling a team of entrepreneurs to collect a \$10 million prize for developing the first reusable private spacecraft.
IBM unveils notebook with fingerprint reader: Business India Los Angeles, Oct 5 : IBM has introduced a biometric notebook computer with an integrated fingerprint reader that can recognise the user of the computer, reports Xinhua.
Eco-watch WORST AIR. Houston has taken the lead in the annual race for the city with the worst smog, beating Los Angeles by eight days with 1 1/2 months left in the smog season.
Australia #39;s quest to conquer final frontier Bangalore: The ultimate tussle of contemporary Test cricket begins in Bangalore on Wednesday as Australia launch a  quot;well-planned quot; mission to conquer the  quot;Final frontier quot; and record their first series win on Indian soil in 35 years.
Australia #39;s Howard sees  quot;very close quot; vote Just four days before a closely fought election, Australian Prime Minister John Howard says he faces a tough battle despite an opinion poll showing his conservative government ahead of opposition Labour.
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Forest Laboratories (nyse: FRX - news - people ) said strong sales volume will propel fiscal second-quarter earnings higher than previously expected.
AT T Wireless Opens Up Mobile Phone Music Store (Reuters) Reuters - AT T Wireless is\launching its mMode Music Store on Tuesday, marking the first\time U.S. consumers can discover, sample and purchase music\using their appropriately sophisticated mobile phone.
E-mail scam plays on US elections People are being warned about a scam e-mail which uses the US presidential poll to part them from their cash.
Kodak to Shed 900 Jobs, Reorganize European Business (Update1) Eastman Kodak Co., the world #39;s biggest photographic company, said it will cut almost 900 jobs as it reorganizes its European business to concentrate on the digital market as demand for traditional film wanes.
Gordon Cooper, pioneering Mercury program astronaut, dies at 77 On May 15, 1963, Gordon Cooper piloted the Faith 7 capsule and circled the globe 22 times in 34 hours and 20 minutes. It was the last flight of NASA #39;s Mercury program, but it 
E-mail scam plays on US elections People are being warned about a scam e-mail which uses the US presidential poll to con them out of their money. A junk e-mail invites people to dial a premium rate number to express their 
Notebook: OSullivan impressive in preseason, Europe In more than two seasons with the New Orleans Saints, JT OSullivan never took a snap in a regular-season game. But during the preseason and in NFL Europe, OSullivans play caught the eyes and turned the heads of several NFL coaches.
Helicopter fleet escorts Karzai to rally Ghazni, Afghanistan - A fleet of helicopters escorted by fighter jets flew Afghanistan #39;s President Hamid Karzai to a rare campaign rally outside Kabul on Tuesday just days ahead of landmark elections.
EU Sees Russia Backsliding on Democracy (Reuters) Reuters - Russsia is "backsliding" on democracy\and the bloc must speak to Moscow frankly about it as an equal\partner, the European Union's incoming External Relations\Commissioner said Tuesday.
Low-Level Cease-Fire Talks Begin in Gaza (AP) AP - Israeli and Palestinian security officials have begun indirect contacts aimed at ending a major Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, an Israeli military official said Tuesday, but the claim was denied by the Palestinians.
Tokyo's Key Stock Index Edges Higher (AP) AP - The Tokyo stock market's main index edged higher Tuesday for the fourth straight trading day, supported by investor optimism about Japan's economic recovery. The U.S. dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
N.Korea Says U.S. Rights Law Makes Talks Meaningless  SEOUL (Reuters) - A law urging more human rights in North  Korea passed unanimously by the U.S. Congress showed nuclear  talks were meaningless because America was "hell-bent" on  toppling the communist state, the North's foreign ministry  said.
EU Sees Russia Backsliding on Democracy  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Russsia is "backsliding" on democracy  and the bloc must speak to Moscow frankly about it as an equal  partner, the European Union's incoming External Relations  Commissioner said Tuesday.
Jackson bid to remove prosecutor Lawyers acting for Michael Jackson in the child molestation case bid to have prosecutor removed.
M amp;S buys Per Una for UK125m The move comes as the company tries to win back choosy high street customers amid fierce competition from the likes of Next and supermarket chain Asda.
Vandals hit Detroit #39;s Osborn High Students came back to Detroit #39;s Osborn High School on Monday morning to find vandals and thieves damaged the building extensively during the weekend.
Marks and Spencer grabs new clothing outfit London - Marks and Spencer on Tuesday announced it had acquired the  quot;per una quot; clothing brand for 125 million (R1.44 billion), in a deal the group hopes will help to lift falling sales.
Possible points loss over comments concerns Earnhardt Dale Earnhardt Jr. was subdued yesterday following his victory at Talladega Superspeedway Sunday. Junior put his newly acquired points lead in jeopardy by cursing during an interview with NBC after dominating the EA Sports 500 to take the Nextel Cup lead by 13 points over Kurt Busch . Asked about the significance of his fifth victory at Talladega, Earnhardt said, ...
Transactions BASEBALL Chicago (AL): Extended P Cliff Politte's contract through 2005. Cincinnati (NL): Assigned Ps Mike Matthews, Aaron Myette and Juan Padilla to Louisville (IL). Minnesota (AL): Claimed C Corky Miller on waivers from Cincinnati (NL). Seattle (AL): Fired manager Bob Melvin. Toronto (AL): Named John Gibbons manager, Mike Barnett hitting coach, Brian Butterfield third base coach, Bruce Walton bullpen coach, ...
Kodak to Restructure in UK and France (Reuters) Reuters - Eastman  Kodak Co. announced on\Tuesday that it would restructure several plants based in\Britain and France, resulting in the loss of hundreds of jobs\by 2005.
Oil Climbs Back Over  #36;50 (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices scrambled back over  #36;50 a\barrel Tuesday, kept on edge by a prolonged production outage\in the Gulf of Mexico at a time when major exporters are\already pumping nearly full tilt.
Kodak to Restructure in UK and France  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman  Kodak Co. announced on  Tuesday that it would restructure several plants based in  Britain and France, resulting in the loss of hundreds of jobs  by 2005.
Kerry Campaign Dumps Cash on Web John Kerry's campaign boosts spending on online ads in the final month of the election season, trying to maintain the momentum he gained from the first debate. It's surprising the campaigns haven't spent more online, experts say. By Louise Witt.
U.S. Elections Under a Microscope As the November presidential election nears, several groups are mobilizing to monitor the voting process -- including a group of observers from across the globe and over a thousand techies who will help evaluate voting machines. By Laila Weir.
Donkey Konga: Novelty With a Beat In case you don't want to work and just want to bang on the drum all day, this game is for you. It's a simple and charming game, but be warned that there isn't much else to do than banging on bongos. Lore Sjberg reviews Donkey Konga.
Dickey Around With Stem Cells An obscure amendment attached to an appropriations bill could throw a wrench into presidential candidate John Kerry's plans to fund embryonic stem cell research. By Kristen Philipkoski.
House Bill Morphs 9/11 Advice Congress drafts two bills to implement the 9/11 Commission's recommendations. Critics say neither has adequate privacy or civil liberties safeguards, but the House version includes a litany of assaults on individuals' rights. By Ryan Singel.
Barred From the Apple Store The computer maker's retail stores are pretty easygoing about customers playing with the display machines. But when it comes to running an in-store hardware test lab, the company draws the line. By Leander Kahney.
Say Goodbye to Tyranny of Hits Forget squeezing millions from a few megahits at the top of the charts. The future of entertainment is in the millions of niche markets at the shallow end of the bit stream. By Chris Anderson from Wired magazine.
SpaceShipOne Wins the X Prize The age of commercial space flight officially begins Monday as SpaceShipOne completes its second successful flight into space to capture the Ansari X Prize. It's \$10 million to the developers, who look forward to a bright future ahead. Dan Brekke reports from Mojave, California.
Rolls Were Nothing to Flip Over Last week's spectacular barrel rolls by SpaceShipOne looked a lot more frightening than they were, the project leader says. Also: There was a forlorn face in the crowd.... Sponsors line up behind effort....  New Mexico wants a spaceport.... and more. By Dan Brekke.
Sweet Scent of Nobel Victory A pair of Americans who found the mechanism that enables humans to recognize odors bags the Nobel Prize in medicine. Their pioneering work on 'the most enigmatic of our senses' wins them the \$1.3 million award.
Job cuts due to decline in traditional photography LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Eastman Kodak said Tuesday it will cut 870 jobs at its manufacturing sites in the UK and France due to the  quot;increasing popularity of digital photography quot; and the corresponding decline in traditional film photography.
Oil Prices Nudge Record High Oil prices were hovering close to last weeks record high today after breaking through the 50 US dollars mark again. Production problems in the Gulf of Mexico due to 
Never-ending saga The Cubs and manager Dusty Baker on Monday hotly disputed right fielder Sammy Sosa #39;s notion of the truth on two separate fronts.
Foreign secretary visits Iraq Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has arrived in northern Iraq for talks with Kurdish political leaders. The plans were not published before Mr Straw trip, which comes amid the continuing crisis over British hostage Ken Bigley.
Italian judge opens Parmalat fraud hearings A judge on Tuesday began preliminary hearings into the 14-billion-euro collapse of Parmalat that could lead to one of the biggest trials in Italian corporate history 
Annual Competition for Public Space Flight Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by SpaceShipOne #39;s dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take 
Biometric IBM ThinkPad T42 Review Last week I attended an IBM briefing, held at The Clink Museum near London Bridge. The Clink was an old Prison and the museum is full of gruesome memorabilia relating to the bad old days of sadistic incarceration.
Space pioneer dies at home in Ventura As a retired pilot himself, Roy W. Roush knows a good aviator holds the elevation steady while gliding through the clouds. In the 15 years he was friends with space pioneer Leroy Gordon Cooper, Roush flew 
Kodak wins patent lawsuit against Sun A federal jury in New York has ruled that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak when it developed its Java technology.
Q amp;A: Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer - Part Two Many experts say Linux and open-source software is your biggest threat. But is your real competitor a desire for an alternative to Microsoft, rather than any particular product?
Sun Explores Negative Margins to Win Business Sun Microsystems is exploring a margin-negative model for hardware in order to win more business and solution providers should be preparing for that scenario, said Jonathan Schwartz, Sun president and COO.
Will this finally be the year? This is it. There will be no more second chances. No more Curt Schillings and Keith Foulkes to sign in the off-season. While it really hasnt been discussed, the organization is expected to take another 
Packers deal CB McKenzie; Favre OK Cornerback Mike McKenzie got his wish when he was traded Monday from the Green Bay Packers to the New Orleans Saints for backup quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan and a second-round pick in 2005.
Pippen will call it quits today As the Sun-Times first reported, Scottie Pippen will end two years of speculation, false alarms and his own indecision about finishing his spectacular career this morning when he announces his retirement after the Bulls #39; practice at the Berto Center.
Annual Competition for Public Space Flight (AP) AP - Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by SpaceShipOne's dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take-all race into an annual competition that might further fuel imaginations.
Denmark to Claim North Pole, Hopes to Strike Oil (Reuters) Reuters - Denmark aims to claim the North Pole\and hunt for oil in high Arctic regions that may become more\accessible because of global warming, the Science Ministry said\Monday.
Nokia, Intel Join Forces on Symbian Phones  AMSTERDAM/LONDON (Reuters) - Intel and Nokia will jointly  develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,  the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first  major cooperative effort in cell phones.
'Deadly ladybird' sighted in UK A ladybird described as one of the most invasive species could threaten a variety of insects in the UK, an expert says.
US volcano spews out more steam America's Mount St Helens belches more vapour, raising fears it might blow at any moment.
Kodak to Shed 900 Jobs, Reorganize European Business (Update3) Eastman Kodak Co., the world #39;s biggest photographic company, said it will shed almost 900 jobs in Europe to concentrate on the digital market and cut costs as demand for traditional film products declines.
US Stock-Futures Rise; American Express, IBM Climb in Europe US stock-index futures rose before an Institute for Supply Management report that may show growth in the services industry accelerated last month.
Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s NTT Gains; Australia #39;s BHP Billiton Rises Japan #39;s stock benchmarks rose, led by telecommunications shares such as Nippon Telegraph  amp; Telephone Corp., after Deutsche Bank AG said their earnings have benefited from a sustained economic recovery.
PalmOne unveils Tungsten T5 PalmOne has announced a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant designed to protect data even when its battery dies.
Chiefs #39; 1st win of season stuns Ravens #39; defense BALTIMORE -- The Kansas City Chiefs bullied the Baltimore Ravens with a dominant performance that belied their stature as a winless team.
UA #39;s Heavner under pressure TUCSON - The Arizona football team is sticking with quarterback Kris Heavner, but Wildcats coach Mike Stoops wants the sophomore to improve.
Kodak #39;s digital focus costs 600 jobs Kodak today announced 600 UK job losses and the closure of a Nottingham factory as the world #39;s largest photography company continued to shift its focus towards digital cameras.
Board member explains Conway #39;s firing PeopleSoft #39;s board ousted Craig Conway as chief executive last week after learning why he misled Wall Street analysts about the impact on his company #39;s business of Oracle #39;s hostile takeover bid.
Diageo raises \$2.26 bn through sale of General Mills #39; shares LONDON, October 5 (newratings.com) - Diageo Plc (GUI.FSE) has raised \$2.26 billion (1.84 billion) from the sale of more than half of its stake in the US-based cereal maker, General Mills Inc.
Parmalat judge to open hearings A Milan judge on Tuesday opens hearings into whether to put on trial 32 executives and financial institutions over the collapse of international food group Parmalat in one of Europe #39;s biggest fraud cases.
Yahoo Adding New Search Engine Tools SUNNYVALE, Calif. - Following a recent industry trend, Internet giant Yahoo Inc. is adding new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
Rock radio shocker: Loop joins Q-101 owner Chicago media mavens were thrown for a loop Monday with news that one of the market #39;s most famous rock radio stations was changing hands.
Schwab cuts fees for trades After cutting trading commissions for bigger and moreactive customers in mid-June, Charles Schwab Corp. said Monday it will cut them for the rest of its customers effective Nov. 1. Schwab will reduce its standard online stock-trading commission from \$29.
US: AB to launch caffeinated Budweiser Anheuser-Busch has launched a caffeine-infused version of its leading Budweiser brand. The beer, called B(E) will also contain guarana and ginseng.
SpaceShipOne Wins the X Prize MOJAVE, California -- SpaceShipOne made history Monday and triumphed in the international Ansari X Prize race to launch the first privately built spacecraft.
Java Patents:  quot;Software and Patents Don #39;t Belong Together quot; It #39;s not often, recently, that the editor of Groklaw.net, Pamela Jones - aka  quot;PJ quot; - has expressed much sympathy for Sun.
Longhorn Component to Spur Old-School Viruses? A planned component for Microsoft #39;s next version of Windows is causing consternation among antivirus experts, who say that the new module, a scripting platform called Microsoft Shell, could give birth to a whole new generation of viruses and remotely 
Gavaskar To Help Struggling Indian Batsmen Bangalore, Oct. 5 (NNN): Countrys former skipper and batting great Sunil Manohar Gavaskar will assist India #39;s out-of-form batsmen in the Test series against Australia kick-starting here from tomorrow.
Arsenal name new ground Arsenal have signed a 100m deal with Emirates Airlines, which will see their new 60,000-seater ground at Ashburton Grove named the Emirates Stadium.
All this, and no Jamal Lewis, too? And it #39;s a large shadow hanging over the Baltimore Ravens. A shadow big enough to cover 5-11, 245 pounds. A shadow big enough to blot out the Jacksonville sun.
Australian Open floodlit final targets European viewers The move to play the men #39;s final at the Australian Open under floodlights next year was aimed at showcasing the tournament to the Asian and European markets, chief executive Paul McNamee said on Tuesday.
 #39;Talks bid #39; to halt Gaza violence Israeli and Palestinian officials have begun negotiations to end a week-long Israeli army operation in north Gaza, Israeli security sources say.
Susilo prepares five-year program: Spokesman : Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is preparing a five-year program for Indonesia #39;s new government after winning three in five votes in the presidential election, M. Lufti, a spokesman for Susilo, said late last night.
21 killed, 96 hurt in Iraq car bombings BAGHDAD - Insurgents detonated two car bombs at the gates of the main US-Iraqi headquarters here and near major hotels yesterday, killing at least 21 people and wounding 96.
EU hardens accession conditions The European Commission has signalled that it may suspend membership negotiations with candidate countries if they fail to meet tough EU criteria.
Poland considers withdrawal from Iraq by end of next year Warsaw, Poland - Poland envisions a withdrawal of its troops from Iraq by the end of next year, Polish leaders said Monday. It was the first time the key US ally has indicated a timeframe for pulling its soldiers out of the war-torn nation.
Clashes erupt in northeast India angry villagers burned down houses of ethnic minority people they blame for separatist violence, police say. Settlers in the area attacked Bodo people and burned down at 
US Airways to cut jobs and wages Troubled US Airways is to cut hundreds of management and non-union jobs, and cut wages, in a bid to save \$45m (25.2m) a year towards its survival.
SpaceShipOne successful again MOJAVE, Calif. -- By the time test pilot Brian Binnie shut down the rocket engine on SpaceShipOne Monday morning, the view out his cockpit windows had turned from bright, desert blue to black.
Sun loses Java case p2pnet.net News:- Eastman Kodak is looking for \$1.06 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems following a federal jury ruling in its favour.
India call in legendary opener Bangalore - India have called up batting great Sunil Gavaskar to assist their out-of-form batsmen ahead of the Test series against world champions Australia starting on Wednesday.
Arsenal scores 3m from Emirates stadium deal Arsenal #39;s new stadium will be named after the current sponsors of one of its biggest rivals after the football club agreed a 3m a year deal with Emirates Airlines.
Ravens beaten at home Like their leader Ray Lewis, the Ravens were pushed around, punched and left bloodied. The Ravens #39; 27-24 loss to the previously winless Kansas City Chiefs on Monday night at 
It #39;s easy to paint Green optimistic It was hard to find anything amiss or out of place. That #39;s the way things generally go on media day. There are smiles all around.
Megawati Urges Acceptance of Indonesian Election Results Outgoing Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri has asked her countrymen to accept the results of last month #39;s presidential election.
Oil prices climb back over \$50 In Asian trade, US light crude hit \$50.28 a barrel, the highest since the record \$50.47 one week ago. London #39;s Brent crude opened higher Tuesday, up 46 cents at \$46.
Karzai Travels To Campaign Rally Outside Kabul 5 October 2004 -- Afghan Transitional Administration Chairman Hamid Karzai traveled to a campaign rally outside Kabul today, four days ahead of Afghanistan #39;s presidential election.
Oil prices bounce back over \$50 mark Oil prices have neared last week #39;s record high after bouncing back above the \$50-a-barrel mark despite a peace deal between rebel gangs in Nigeria.
M amp;S completes per una purchase Top-listed clothing retailer Marks  amp; Spencer MKS.L says it has completed the acquisition of women #39;s fashion label per una, keeping its design-guru owner George Davies at the helm.
Internet Key Battleground in Wildlife Crime Fight (Reuters) Reuters - Why trawl through a sweaty illegal\wildlife market in Asia when you can shop for rare animals and\exotic plants on the Internet?
Security upgrade at WiFi locations (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Starting today, users of wireless broadband should find it safer to surf the Web from a T-Mobile HotSpot.
Eagles have lift off Crystal Palace were triumphant last night (Oct 4) over 10-man Fulham at Selhurst Park, lifting themselves off the bottom of the Premiership.
Mariners fire Melvin after two seasons NOTES He indicated to reporters Sunday that he still wanted to manage the Mariners, but Melvin might get another chance elsewhere. Bavasi said he called an undisclosed club to suggest Melvin be considered for a managerial vacancy.
Nokia, Intel Join Forces on Symbian Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Intel and Nokia will jointly\develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,\the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first\major cooperative effort in cell phones.
Cambodia set for  quot;Killing Fields quot; trials Cambodia expects a  quot;Killing Fields quot; tribunal to be set up next year to try up to 10 former leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime blamed for the deaths of some 1.7 million people, a senior official says.
Jobs back to work as Apple chief executive (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Apple Computer Chief Executive Steve Jobs has quietly returned to work full time after taking a leave of absence to recover from cancer surgery.
Excerpts From the Citation for Nobel Prize (AP) AP - Excerpts from the citation awarding the 2004 Nobel Prize in physics to David J. Gross, H. David Politzer and Frank Wilczeck, for their work in the exploration of strong force and quarks.
&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; writer receives right royal rogering &lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; 'What unadulterated bollocks'
Stocks Seen Higher Despite Oil Price  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stocks looked to open slightly  higher on Tuesday, despite oil prices above \$50 a barrel, as  the market readies to extend its streak of gains in four of the  last five sessions.
HSBC to Open D.C. Branch, Pursue Embassy Clients  HSBC Bank USA will open a D.C. branch by the end of November in a bid to replace Riggs Bank as the city's premier diplomatic bank.
For Many State Workers, an Unknown Restriction Eight years after Virginia began requiring its employees to ask permission before looking at sexually explicit material online, state workers whose duties may take them into the seamier side of the Internet are coping with the law, although many don't know it exists. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Emirates to sponsor Arsenal Arsenal unveil Emirates Airlines as the sponsor for their new stadium at Ashburton Grove.
Diageo says Cheerio to US stake Diageo, the world's biggest spirits company, is selling most of its 20 stake in US food company General Mills to ease its 4.5bn (\$8bn) debt burden.
Medieval surgeons were advanced Complex skull operations were being performed as early as 960AD, remains of a body found at an archaeological dig show.
Oil prices rebound above 50 dollars, close in on record highs LONDON : Oil prices rallied back above 50 dollars a barrel, closing in on record high points on technical factors and persistent worries about tight global supplies, traders said.
Sweet! Anheuser-Busch #39;s new brew Brewer Anheuser-Busch said Monday it would introduce a caffeinated, sweet-flavored beer for twentysomething club goers to compete with the flavored rums and vodkas gaining ground on the dance floor.
US: Diageo to sell General Mills shares Diageo is looking to sell part of its stake in General Mills Inc. The drinks giant announced yesterday (4 October) that it plans to sell around 33.
Sun #39;s McNealy Declares  #39;No Love for Red Hat #39; McNealy stressed that Linux wasn #39;t the enemy. He noted that Sun Microsystems is one of the leading contributors of free software to open-source projects, that Sun sells computers equipped 
NFL: AFC NORTH BETTING ODDS SET FOR MAJOR CHANGE? Baltimore Ravens are still the odds-on favourites to win the AFC North despite losing at home to a rejuvenated Kansas City Chiefs.
Diageo earns 2.26 bln dlrs from sale of General Mills shares LONDON : Drinks giant Diageo said it had raised 2.26 billion dollars (1.84 billion euros) from the sale of 49.9 million shares in US food company General Mills Inc.
Genentech subpoenaed over Rituxan SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Genentech said late Monday the US Attorney #39;s office is investigating the promotion of its key oncology drug, Rituxan.
Vince re-enters game In his first media scrum since publicly demanding a trade, Vince Carter acted like he always does when the cameras surround him and the microphones threaten to chip his teeth.
Gibbons on hot seat There were no fancy words or phrases tossed around yesterday by the man officially named the 10th manager in Blue Jays history. John Gibbons was never one for fancy talk either when managing the Jays on an 
Chechnya's New Leader Knows He's a Rebel Target (Reuters) Reuters - Chechnya's pro-Kremlin leader\was sworn in as president of the turbulent Russian region\Tuesday and acknowledged immediately he was a prime target for\assassination by separatists.
Libya to Host a Mini-Summit on Darfur This Month (Reuters) Reuters - Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi will host\a summit on the troubled western Sudanese region of Darfur with\the presidents of Chad, Egypt and Nigeria, a Libyan government\source said on Tuesday.
Afghan President, Rival Campaign Despite Threats  KABUL (Reuters) - The two main rivals in Afghanistan's  first presidential election threw themselves into campaigning  Tuesday, drawing crowds of supporters four days before a vote  that many hope could be a turning point for the war-torn  nation.
Iran Says It Has Missile with 1,250-Mile Range  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran can launch a missile as far as  2,000 km (1,250 miles), a senior official was quoted as saying  Tuesday, substantially increasing the announced range of the  Islamic state's military capabilities.
Karzai braves rally outside Kabul Afghan leader Hamid Karzai holds his only campaign rally outside Kabul, four days ahead of presidential polls.
Iran 'increases missile range' Iran has missiles with a range of 2,000km, says former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani.
NASA Awards Contracts for Rescue of Hubble NASA has awarded a \$330.6 million contract to the aerospace company Lockheed Martin to design and build a robot spaceship to carry replacement parts to the Hubble Space Telescope to keep it operating for another five to seven years.
Anti-Counterfeiting Initiative Launched Four U.S. agencies yesterday announced a coordinated attack to stem the global trade in counterfeit merchandise and pirated music and movies, an underground industry that law-enforcement officials estimate to be worth \$500 billion each year.
Google's New Approach Followed the Same Old Path When Google first burst on the stock market scene, the guys running the place sounded like political newcomers attaining public office for the first time and vowing to clean up the place: Mr. Smith Goes to Wall Street, as it were. In Frank Capra's classic film "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington," you'll recall, political naif Jimmy Stewart gets appointed a U.S. senator, goes to Washington and triumphs over entrenched cynicism. In the Wall Street version, head Googlers Sergey Brin and Larry Page sounded like Silicon Valley Stewarts. Instead of modeling themselves on the greed-is-good crowd, they produced stock-offering documents that paid homage to Warren Buffett, one of Wall Street's straightest shooters (and a board member of The Washington Post Co.).
Peru leader shocks with TV tirade Peru's President Toledo faces a backlash after TV audiences hear him harangue and insult a presenter by telephone.
German unemployment rises again Official figures show that unemployment rose sharply in Germany in September, a sign that the economy remains weak.
South Waziristan ceasefire agreed Pakistani forces and Islamic militants in South Waziristan agree a 10-day ceasefire for talks to end fighting.
Annual Competition for Public Space Flight MOJAVE, Calif. - Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by SpaceShipOne's dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take-all race into an annual competition that might further fuel imaginations...
Haitian Pro-Aristide Marchers Threaten PM PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Machete-wielding supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide are turning their wrath on Haiti's demoralized police force, beheading some of their victims in a campaign imitative of the insurgency in Iraq.    Seven of at least 18 people killed in the turmoil in Port-au-Prince have been police officers, judicial police chief Michael Lucius said Monday...
Where's the simplicity in Web services? As the number of Web services specifications proliferates, some developers advocate a return to a simpler approach.
Parmalat Investors Flock to Milan Court Hearing Seeking Damages Hundreds of Italians who lost savings in the collapse of food company Parmalat Finanziaria SpA flocked to Milan #39;s courthouse, seeking to recover damages as part of the criminal investigation of Italy #39; biggest bankruptcy.
Ferrari picks TCS for Formula One IT needs Tata Consultancy Services Ltd will provide IT and engineering services to Scuderia Ferrari for development of formula one (F1) racing car for the racing season beginning next March, making it the first Indian company to enter the F1 stadium in the global 
EMIRATES STADIUM CASH FOR GUNNERS ARSENE WENGER was today given a huge Premiership title boost after Arsenal agreed a multi-million pound sponsorship deal for their new 400m Ashburton Grove stadium.
Australian Open looks to the night MELBOURNE, Australia -- The centenary Australian Open will feature the first night men #39;s final in a Grand Slam event, organizers confirmed at the launch of the 2005 tournament.
Blue Jays name Gibbons manager TORONTO - John Gibbons is getting one chance to turn the Toronto Blue Jays around, and he #39;s happy to have it. Gibbons was given a one-year contract Monday to return as manager after guiding the last-place 
Sportsview: Dodgers' Season Mysterious (AP) AP - The first tipoff came from the stands, not the locker room. The playoffs were in sight, and up in the massive decks of Dodger Stadium, fans weren't racing to their cars during the seventh-inning stretch.
Adaptec: Partner or competitor? Adaptec is changing tack under CEO Robert Stephens and might soon find itself in direct competition with several old partners.
Japan's Toppan to Buy DuPont Photomasks  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Toppan Printing Co. Ltd. said on  Tuesday it would buy DuPont Photomasks Inc., a U.S.-based maker  of glass plates used in chip production, for 71 billion yen  (\$640 million).
China warns of more power cuts \China says its eastern provinces and Shanghai face more power shortages this winter and spring.
Tokyo shares drop as USD weakens again Tokyo share prices slid overnight, on selling triggered by the dollar #39;s renewed slide against the yen. The fall in the greenback re-ignited concern over the impact not just on exporters but Japan #39;s export-led economic recovery, dealers said.
Mount St. Helens Spews More Steam and Ash (Reuters) Reuters - Mount St. Helens spewed more steam and\ash on Monday, raising concerns about a larger eruption at the\Washington state volcano that woke last week after 18 years of\slumber.
Judge Indicts 2 Former Parmalat Auditors MILAN, Italy Oct. 5, 2004 - Two former auditors at Parmalat were ordered to stand trial for false accounting and market rigging under a fast-track procedure, the first indictments since the masssive fraud scandal at the Italian-based dairy giant.
Club confirms preliminary approach London: Manchester United, the worlds wealthiest football club, confirmed on Monday they have received a preliminary approach regarding a possible takeover bid.
Preview and pick: Twin attack Yanks #39; image The plot: The Yankees will have home-field advantage throughout the playoffs, thanks to their 101-win season and the AL #39;s victory in the July All-Star Game.
Put on your Red Hat and dance &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on comprehensive Fedora guides
PalmOne, Microsoft Set E-Mail Software Pact  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PalmOne Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=PLMO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;PLMO.O&lt;/A&gt;, the leading  maker of handheld computers on Tuesday said it licensed  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; software that enables secure delivery  of corporate e-mail to portable devices.
Stock Futures Trim Early Gains Over Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stock futures trimmed early  gains on Tuesday after oil prices hit a record high, pointing  to a flat opening on Wall Street as investors worried about the  impact of high fuel costs on economic growth.
Retail Sales in U.S. Chain Stores Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store retail sales rose in  the latest week, a report said on Tuesday.
Feds Kick Off Digital TV Consumer Campaign It's one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition. And because many Americans remain in the dark about it, federal regulators began an education campaign Monday to enlighten them.
Dollar Holds Gains Before Greenspan, Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar bobbed near a one-week high  against the euro on Tuesday as investors waited to see if  forthcoming U.S. data and a speech by Federal Reserve Chairman  Alan Greenspan would reinforce optimism over the U.S. economy.
AT T Wireless Launching Music Service In the first foray by a U.S. wireless carrier into the online music market, AT T Wireless is launching a service that lets subscribers buy songs using their cell phones and later download them to a computer.
Washington State Opens Digital Archives Washington has opened what is believed to be the nation's first digital archives for state government, holding everything from birth records to the first election results in Washington Territory in 1854.
Internet Key Battleground in Wildlife Crime Fight Why trawl through a sweaty illegal\wildlife market in Asia when you can shop for rare animals and\exotic plants on the Internet?
Software Disasters Often People Problems (AP) AP - New software at Hewlett-Packard Co. was supposed to get orders in and out the door faster at the computer giant. Instead, a botched deployment cut into earnings in a big way in August and executives got fired.
PalmOne, Microsoft Join on Mobile E-Mail (AP) AP - Sometimes it pays to befriend an enemy. Longtime foes palmOne Inc. and Microsoft Corp. Tuesday announced a licensing deal that will allow the next generation of palmOne's Treo smart phones to work directly with Microsoft's Exchange e-mail system.
Moore and more documentaries (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Not only does the filmmaker's Bush-bashing documentary, Fahrenheit 9/11, arrive on DVD today (Columbia TriStar,  #36;29), but two of his previous films, Bowlingfor Columbine and The Big One, are in stores Tuesday repackaged as the Michael Moore Limited Edition DVD Collector's Set .
PalmOne, Microsoft Set E-Mail Software Pact (Reuters) Reuters - PalmOne Inc. , the leading\maker of handheld computers on Tuesday said it licensed\Microsoft Corp.  software that enables secure delivery\of corporate e-mail to portable devices.
Conway's 'ethics' led to firing (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - PeopleSoft's board ousted Craig Conway as CEO after he made a misleading statement about the company's ability to recruit customers while fending off Oracle's  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid, a PeopleSoft board member testified in court Monday.
Casio combines LCD and fingerprint sensor CHIBA, JAPAN -- Casio Computer Corp. has developed a fingerprint sensor layered on top of a 1.2-inch LCD screen, providing a convenient way for phone makers to incorporate biometric security into their handsets, a Casio official said Tuesday at the Ceatec 2004 show in Chiba, Japan.
Car Bomb Near U.S. Convoy in Ramadi Kills 2 Iraqis (Reuters) Reuters - A car bomb exploded near a U.S.\convoy in the western city of Ramadi on Tuesday, killing two\civilians and wounding at least four, witnesses said.
Car Bomb Near U.S. Convoy in Ramadi Kills 2 Iraqis  RAMADI, Iraq (Reuters) - A car bomb exploded near a U.S.  convoy in the western city of Ramadi on Tuesday, killing two  civilians and wounding at least four, witnesses said.
Black Pastors Backing Bush Are Rare, but Not Alone The Bush campaign is making a push for the allegiance of African-American clergy, while the Democrats are motivating them to get their parishioners to the polls.
Private Spaceflight Closer to Reality MOJAVE, Calif. - Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by SpaceShipOne's dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take-all race into an annual competition that might further fuel imaginations...
Bremer: U.S. Paid Price for Lack of Troops WASHINGTON - The United States did not have enough troops in Iraq after ousting Saddam Hussein and "paid a big price" for it, says the former head of the U.S. occupation there...
Palestinians Urge U.N. Vote Against Israel UNITED NATIONS - The Palestinians pushed for the quick adoption of a U.N. Security Council resolution demanding an end to the massive Israeli thrust into the Gaza Strip, despite opposition by the United States...
Cheney, Edwards to Meet in Only Debate CLEVELAND - After lashing out at each other for months from a distance, the two vice presidential candidates are meeting face to face Tuesday night at Case Western Reserve University for their only debate before the Nov. 2 election...
Genelabs Drug Fails Late-Stage Trial  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Genelabs Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GNLB.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GNLB.O&lt;/A&gt;  said on Tuesday that a late-stage trial of its drug to limit  bone loss in women with lupus disease failed to work.
EarthLink offers VoIP service (MacCentral) MacCentral - Internet service provider (ISP) EarthLink Inc. on Tuesday announced the launch of EarthLink Free Online Calling, a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service that enables their Mac and PC to make calls over the Internet free of charge. Based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), the service works with a Mac or PC equipped with a headset or an Analog Telephone Adapter (ATA). Users can make unlimited calls to other SIP users, and can also listen to voicemail via e-mail. The service also offers an online calling log and online account management. ...
Nokia, Intel Join Forces to Develop Symbian Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Intel and Nokia will jointly\develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,\the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first\major cooperative effort in cell phones.
Co. to Test Plant-Produced Anthrax Vaccine (AP) AP - A suburban Philadelphia company is hoping that a vaccine for anthrax could be lurking in spinach, petunias or Swiss chard.
ConocoPhillips Sees Lower Oil, Gas Output (Reuters) Reuters - ConocoPhillips  on Tuesday said\third-quarter crude oil and natural gas production will be 7\percent lower than levels in the previous quarter due to\scheduled maintenance in the North Sea and Alaska, as well as\normal seasonal declines.
U.S. Chain Store Sales Rise in Oct 2 Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales rose in the\fifth week of September, with stores indicating that business\picked up toward the end of the week as temperatures in parts\of the country turned cooler, a report said on Tuesday.
U.S. Chain Store Sales Rise in Oct 2 Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales rose in the  fifth week of September, with stores indicating that business  picked up toward the end of the week as temperatures in parts  of the country turned cooler, a report said on Tuesday.
Crude Oil Prices Surge to All-Time High Crude oil prices briefly hit an all-time high of US\$50.69 on Tuesday as worries persisted over supply and unrest in key producers.
Man Utd fans draw up defence plan Fans and small shareholders in Man United hope to increase their holdings as a way of seeing off Malcolm Glazer or any other bidder for the club.
S. Korea Told Not to Conduct Nuke Tests (AP) AP - South Korea must not conduct any more nuclear experiments without notifying the United Nations, because any secret nuclear activity, however small, is a matter of "serious concern," the U.N. nuclear chief said Sunday.
U.S. Official: No Prospect of Bargain on Iran Nukes  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The United States sees no reason to  offer Iran incentives to ensure its nuclear program remains  peaceful, a U.S. government official said on Tuesday.
Two Koreas to Meet Thursday to Discuss Border Link  SEOUL (Reuters) - Seoul and Pyongyang have agreed to hold  talks between working-level military officers on Thursday to  discuss rail and load links, after a three-month break in  bilateral talks, Seoul's defense ministry said on Tuesday.
EU Sees Russia Backsliding on Democracy  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Russia is backsliding on democracy and  the EU must take Moscow to task while bringing other former  Soviet republics closer to the West, the bloc's incoming  External Relations Commissioner said on Tuesday.
US running mates face off The US vice-presidential candidates will debate on Tuesday as the race for the White House remains close.
Israel softens UN ambulance claim Israel reviews its claim that Palestinian militants used a UN ambulance to carry rockets in Gaza.
Chiefs Beat Ravens 27-24 for First Win BALTIMORE - Winless no more, the Kansas City Chiefs rendered the Baltimore Ravens defenseless with an almost unimaginable display of ball control and patience. Priest Holmes ran for 133 yards and two touchdowns, and the Chiefs wore down the highly touted Baltimore defense in a 27-24 victory Monday night...
Powell to Visit Hurricane-Ravaged Grenada Secretary of State Colin Powell plans a brief stop in hurricane-ravaged Grenada on Wednesday.
President Sarkozy? France's popular Finance Minister is leaving government to make a bid for president of his party. But that's just for starters. In an exclusive interview, Nicolas Sarkozy tells TIME why his next stop will be the Elys eacute;e
Hard Lessons In School Security After Beslan, Europe's schools look to cameras to keep children safe without restricting their room to grow
Nokia, Intel Join Forces to Develop Symbian Phones  AMSTERDAM/LONDON (Reuters) - Intel and Nokia will jointly  develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,  the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first  major cooperative effort in cell phones.
Private Spaceflight Much Closer to Reality By JOHN ANTCZAK     MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) -- Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by a private rocket plane's dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take-all race into an annual competition that might further fuel imaginations...
NASA Mourns Loss of Original Mercury 7 Astronaut Gordon Cooper NASA -- Gordon Cooper Jr., the astronaut who piloted the sixth and last flight of the Mercury program and later commanded Gemini 5, died earlier today at his home in Ventura, Calif. He was 77 years old...
Unsaturated Fats Cut Gallstone Risk By BILL BERGSTROM    PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- A Mediterranean diet rich in vegetable oil, nuts and fish may help fend off more than heart disease and diabetes: It appears to prevent gallstones, too.    Men who ate more of the unsaturated fats found in such foods lowered their risk of gallstones by nearly one-fifth, according to a 14-year study published in Tuesday's Annals of Internal Medicine...
Crude climbs back above \$50 in Asia SINGAPORE -- Crude oil prices climbed back above the key \$50 mark in Asian trade today,creeping close to an all-time high. After settling at \$49.
Diageo Sells Cereal Maker Shares Drinks giant Diageo today raised 2.26 billion US dollars (1.27bn) after selling a further chunk of shares in Cheerios cereal maker General Mills.
Top Court Upholds Visa, MasterCard Ruling The Supreme Court let stand on Monday a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card networks violated federal antitrust law by barring their member banks from issuing credit and charge cards on the rival networks of American 
AMD alert on revenue SEMICONDUCTOR maker Advanced Micro Devices has warned its quarterly revenue will be lower than forecast, citing softness in sales of its memory chips used in cell phones and other devices.
Genentech Receives Subpoena on Rituxan Biotechnology company Genentech Inc. received a subpoena from the US Attorney #39;s Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania requesting documents related to the promotion 
SEC Mulls Civil Action Against AIG NEW YORK Oct. 4, 2004 - American International Group Inc., one of the world #39;s largest insurance firms, said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission may bring a civil action against the company 
Yawning and Snoring Could Be Sleep Apnea Do you yawn throughout the day or get sleepy while driving? Does your family complain about loud snoring? You might be one of the millions of Americans with undiagnosed sleep apnea, which causes more than fatigue - it also seems to spur heart disease and other serious illnesses.
NASA Infrared Images May Provide Volcano Clues NASA -- NASA scientists took infrared (IR) digital images of Mount Saint Helens' last week. The images revealed signs of heat below the surface one day before the volcano erupted last Friday in southern Washington...
Johnson backs Wilkinson to succeed MARTIN JOHNSON believes Jonny Wilkinson will get the support he needs to succeed as England rugby captain. Newcastle fly-half Wilkinson was yesterday appointed skipper for the November Tests against Canada, South Africa and Australia.
Ravens #39; Battle Plans for Chiefs Once again, Ravens Insider staffer Dev Panchwagh breaks down the upcoming Ravens game. Thos week: how to defeat the Chiefs on Monday night.
Favre improves, Pederson hurting The Green Bay Packers are confident quarterback Brett Favre #39;s first concussion in nine seasons was mild and won #39;t prevent him from starting next Monday night against the Tennessee Titans.
Tendulkar to miss first Test Sachin Tendulkar will miss India #39;s first Test against Australia because of an elbow injury, according to captain Saurav Ganguly.
Iran says has missile with 2,000 km range Such a missile would be capable of hitting Israel or parts of southeastern Europe. Iran says its missiles are for purely defensive purposes.
Flash dims AMD's revenue outlook The chipmaker's warning raises concerns about the flash memory business, one financial analyst says in a report.
AT amp;T Tests Linux to Replace Microsoft #39;s Windows on 70,000 PCs AT amp;T Corp. is testing Linux software as a replacement for Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows operating system, which runs the 70,000 personal computers used by its employees.
Patience could prove a virtue for Australia Australia may swap their usual aggression for a more patient approach in a bid to register their first test series victory in India for 35 years, stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist said on Tuesday.
UN to Vote on Gaza Onslaught, Israel Escalates JABALIYA, Gaza Strip, October 5 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - As the United Nations was set to vote Tuesday, October 5, on a resolution calling on Israel to halt its bloodiest onslaught on Gaza in years, Israels occupation army pressed ahead 
IBM goes after SMBs with Unix servers Continuing its steady push to win over the hearts and wallets of midsize companies, IBM on Tuesday is rolling out two lower-priced Unix-based servers that will go head-to-head with offerings from archrivals Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard.
Casio Combines LCD, Fingerprint Sensor Technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, PDAs.
Yahoo! Adding New Search Engine Tools Following a recent industry trend, Internet giant Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) is adding new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
Software Disasters are Often People Problems By MATTHEW FORDAHL     SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- New software at Hewlett-Packard Co...
AT T Wireless Launching New Music Download Service By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- In the first foray by a U.S. wireless carrier into the online music market, AT T Wireless is launching a service that lets subscribers buy songs using their cell phones and later download them to a computer...
PalmOne and Microsoft Join on Mobile E-Mail By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Sometimes it pays to befriend an enemy...
Feds Kick Off HDTV Consumer Campaign By JENNIFER C. KERR    WASHINGTON (AP) -- It's one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition...
Kanoodle BrightAds Challenges Google AdSense Kanoodle BrightAds Challenges Google AdSense \\Kanoodle, provider of sponsored listings for search results and content pages, today announced the launch of BrightAds(tm), a self-service tool for small- to medium-sized content publishers that will enable them to run Kanoodle's content-targeted sponsored links on their sites.  With the launch of BrightAds, ...
Oil Rises to Record Near \$51 as Hurricanes Curbed US Output Crude oil prices rose to a record in New York and London after hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico curbed US production for more than three weeks, slowing the accumulation of supplies to meet winter needs.
Advanced Micro Devices to miss 3Q sales forecasts NEW YORK, October 5 (newratings.com) - Advanced Micro Devices (AMD.NYS) has projected its 3Q04 sales below expectations, with a sequential decline from the previous quarter.
Microsoft takes aim at malware Microsoft is developing a product to remove adware and malicious software from PCs, the company #39;s chairman and chief software architect Bill Gates has revealed.
Gordon Cooper, Pioneering Mercury Program Astronaut, Dies At 77 _ Gordon Cooper was the last astronaut to take flight during NASA #39;s pioneering Mercury program, but he achieved many key firsts as he piloted Faith 7 capsule in May of 1963.
Sun loses Java patent case to Kodak Sun has lost the case brought against it by Eastman Kodak. The photographic giant convinced a Federal jury that Sun infringed its patents in the development of the Java programming language.
Lice may reveal early human interaction The story of modern humans final interactions with the extinct Homo erectus may have been revealed by research into the evolution of lice.
Book World's Next Chapter Shows Ominous Plot Twists (Reuters) Reuters - Even as readers devour the code-cracking\thriller "The Da Vinci Code" and best-selling Iraq War titles,\the book trade faces damaging threats from a boom in video\games, deeper discounting and online sales of used books.
Priest brings Chiefs some salvation Kansas City held on to the ball and controlled the clock to outlast the Baltimore Ravens 27-24 and win their first game of the season.
Salary - Location Company YMCA Fitness Recruitment Arsenal football club has announced the biggest club sponsorship deal in the history of English football. A 100m deal has been agreed between the club and Dubai-based Emirates Airline, which will see Arsenal 
Incentive clause fails Brower Like most of the relievers the Giants have signed to multiyear contracts, Jim Brower has a list of incentives built into the deal.
Casio Combines LCD, Fingerprint Sensor (PC World) PC World - Technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, PDAs.
Microsoft's POS Move May Make It a Viable Retail Option (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - With Linux making an attractive alternative, Microsoft moved to scale down the size and the security holes of its operating system. The result? A retail-focused OS that is one-tenth the size.
General alters stripes, India watches Washington, Oct. 4: The weekend reshuffle of Pakistan armys top brass offers a mixed bag for India at a time when New Delhi is banking on the army to advance a peace process which has eluded success in 
IBM goes after SMBs with Unix servers (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Continuing its steady push to win over the hearts and wallets of midsize companies, IBM on Tuesday is rolling out two lower-priced Unix-based servers that will go head-to-head with offerings from archrivals Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard.
Anthrax Kills 120 Hippos in Ugandan National Park (Reuters) Reuters - An anthrax outbreak has killed\120 hippos in Uganda, raising the toll from a disease that has\claimed hundreds of wild animals in Zimbabwe, Botswana and
Intel, Symbian to define 3G smart phone 'standard' From Wintel to Symtel, horizontal integration coming to handsets
U.S. Job Cuts at 8-Month High in Sept.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. planned job cuts soared to an  eight-month high in September while new hiring rose only  slightly, a report said on Tuesday.
Tower Auto Sees Wider Loss, Shares Fall  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Auto parts maker Tower Automotive Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWR.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday its third-quarter loss would be twice  as deep as previously expected because of lower vehicle  production in North America and higher steel costs.
Judge Orders Parmalat Auditors to Trial  MILAN (Reuters) - An Italian judge opened preliminary  hearings on Tuesday into the 14-billion-euro collapse of  Parmalat and immediately ruled that two former auditors of the  food group should stand trial in one of Europe's biggest fraud  cases.
Crude Oil Prices Surged Above \$50 a Barrel Crude oil prices briefly hit an all-time high of \$50.69 on Tuesday as worries persisted over supply and unrest in key producers.
Experts envision taillights that talk Forget Bluetooth and UWB. A group of Japanese companies believes it's found a better answer for short-range networking.
Singapore Airlines to Sell Stake in Firm Singapore Airlines will sell its 6.5 percent stake in Air New Zealand, the government-controlled New Zealand airline said Tuesday.
Diageo raises 1.84bn from share sale Diageo has raised \$2.26bn (1.84bn) from the sale of 49.9 million shares of common stock held in US-based Cheerios cereal maker General Mills.
Flash dims AMD #39;s revenue outlook With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Japan #39;s Toppan to Buy DuPont Photomasks Japan #39;s Toppan Printing Co. Ltd. said on Tuesday it would buy DuPont Photomasks Inc., a US-based maker of glass plates used in chip production, for 71 billion yen (\$640 million).
Say goodbye, then hello to AT amp;T phones Cingular, soon to be the United States #39; largest cellular network, will drop the AT amp;T brand six months after it completes its merger with AT amp;T Wireless.
Rap Mogul Damon Dash Launches Electronics Entity Startup consumer electronics company ROC Digital on Monday unveiled its Rocbox line of digital music players, further expanding the \$350 million hip-hop generation properties of music mogul Damon Dash.
Wal-Mart To Open, Expand Stores Next Year Wal-Mart announced Monday that it plans to open or expand up to 45 of its flagship discount stores and up to 250 Supercenters in the United States next year.
Gordon Cooper, Original Project Mercury Astronaut, Dies at 77 L. Gordon Cooper Jr., one of the seven astronauts selected by the US space program for NASA #39;s first space project in 1959, has died at his Ventura, California home.
Arsenal sign record sponsorship deal Premier League champions Arsenal have announced a sponsorship deal with Emirates Airlines worth a potential 100 million pounds, the biggest in English football history.
Owen vows to silence critics London - Michael Owen has vowed to silence the critics calling for him to be axed by England after a troubled start to his career with Real Madrid.
Injuries starting to mount for hapless 49ers Tim Rattay returned to the starting lineup for the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday, but it did not matter, as they found themselves on the wrong end of a 24-14 loss to the St.
Bomb threat airliner diverted to Cyprus A Lufthansa airliner en route to Tel Aviv was rerouted to Cyprus on today after the airline received a bomb threat. The airliner was escorted by Israeli warplanes on its way to the Mediterranean island.
Howard pressured over interest rates claim MARK COLVIN: The Prime Minister, John Howard, is under pressure this afternoon to explain his claims that interest rates would be higher under a Labor government.
Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search\\Google has been testing its lab version of personalied search. Eurekester and AskJeeves have brought personalized search out into the open by getting the jump on the other large search engines. And now Yahoo is in the game with the release of My ...
Campaign Ads Stay Off-Line, on Air (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - With the presidential election just a few weeks away, the pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the Internet to help woo voters and secure an Election Day win.
BT stamps on rogue net diallers BT has blocked premium rate numbers associated with a net scam that is costing its customers dear.
Iraqi Police Discover Five Decapitated Iraqis (Reuters) Reuters - Police have found five decapitated\bodies of Iraqis in northern Iraqi cities, police and hospital\officials said on Tuesday.
U.S. Official: No Prospect of Bargain on Iran Nukes (Reuters) Reuters - The United States sees no reason to\offer Iran incentives to ensure its nuclear program remains\peaceful, a U.S. government official said on Tuesday.
UK Conservatives Turn to Iraq in Bid to Hurt Blair (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Conservative\leader sought to capitalize on voters' anger with Tony Blair\over the Iraq war as he started an uphill battle to push the\prime minister from office in the next election.
EU's highest court says Greece can tax ouzo at lower rate than other liquors (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BRUSSELS (AP) - nreece can continue to tax its trademark liqueur ouzo at half the other rate of other alcohols, the European Union's highest court ruled Tuesday.
Thirst, Fear and Bribes on Desert Escape from Africa (Reuters) Reuters - Customs officers in this dusty\Saharan town turned a blind eye as yet another creaking truck\piled with grain, smuggled cigarettes and dozens of migrants\heading for Europe rumbled off into the desert.
Afghan President Makes Rare Campaign Trip (AP) AP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai made only his second successful campaign stop outside the safety of the capital on Tuesday, telling a crowd of 10,000 people that historic elections this weekend will deliver them from a quarter-century of war.
Cleveland Says Debate Boost to Economy (AP) AP - The decorative banners were red, white and blue, but Tuesday's debate between Vice President Dick Cheney and Sen. John Edwards have local officials seeing green  #151; as in 20 million greenbacks.
Crude Oil Jumps to Record on Concern Over Low US Supplies Crude oil prices surged to a record in New York and London on concern that hurricane damage to production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico will keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs.
PeopleSoft chief fired for remark to analysts WILMINGTON, Delaware A director of PeopleSoft said that Craig Conway, the company #39;s chief executive, was fired on Friday in part because he made false statements at an analysts #39; conference in September 2003.
US Job Cuts at 8-Month High in Sept. US planned job cuts soared to an eight-month high in September while new hiring rose only slightly, a report said on Tuesday. Employment consulting firm Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas Inc.
Greenspan says better banking rules benefit economy Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Tuesday that better management of banking risk and new rules on capital hold the promise of a stronger banking system contributing more to economic growth.
In cost cuts, US Air takes ax to top jobs US Airways has said that it is cutting 10 percent of its top salaried and management jobs and reducing the pay and benefits of white-collar workers in an effort to save \$45 million a year.
Genelabs plunges on failed study BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Genelabs Technologies Inc. plummeted early Tuesday after the biotechnology firm announced that its lupus drug Prestara has proven ineffective in a Phase III clinical study.
New rival for credit card leaders US consumers already swamped with offers from credit card companies can expect more solicitations in the coming months from American Express and Discover Financial Services.
Pulte shares fall after Las Vegas warning Shares of Pulte Homes Inc.(PHM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US home builder, fell more than 8 percent Tuesday morning, the day after the company warned that weak sales 
AMD shares drop on Q3 warning SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Advanced Micro Devices Inc. shares fell Tuesday after it said third-quarter sales will come in below those reported in the second quarter, citing softness in its flash memory business.
Anheuser-Busch To Debut Souped-Up Beer Anheuser-Busch is looking to add some oomph to the beer market. Come November, the world #39;s largest brewer looks to introduce its latest beer.
Japanese company buying DuPont Photomasks A Japanese printing company is buying Austin-based DuPont Photomasks Inc. (Nasdaq: DPMI) for \$650 million. Tokyo-based Toppan Printing Co.
Marks  amp; Spencer Buys Per Una Brand LONDON - Food and clothing chain Marks  amp; Spencer PLC said Tuesday it had bought the per una clothing brand from businessman George Davies for 125 million pounds (\$223 million).
Rituxan developed by Idec in San Diego Genentech said late yesterday that it received a subpoena regarding the marketing of its cancer drug, Rituxan, which was developed by San Diego #39;s former Idec Pharmaceuticals.
Private Spaceflight Closer to Reality Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by a private rocket plane #39;s dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the 
Sanyo Shows HD-DVD Player CHIBA, JAPAN -- Sanyo Electric unveiled a prototype player supporting the next-generation optical disc format HD-DVD at the Ceatec 2004 show here this week.
News and Trends Yesterday we noted that more and more companies are heading to the courts to sue other companies in intellectual property disputes involving software, because they believe they can get away with it -- whether they #39;re in the right or not.
Nokia, Intel team on Symbian phones ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Intel and Nokia will jointly develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system, unveiling 
Amazon Launches New Web Services New Web services technologies announced Monday will help developers build money-making applications and use existing mainframe technology to create and deploy new Web services.
I #39;ve had spyware but never a virus, Bill Gates says MICROSOFT SUPREMO Bill Gates has astounded IT hacks by telling them that he has never had a computer virus. We assume that he doesn #39;t open his own emails, or is not actually connected to the Internet, but 
Sybase Uncorks Unwired Enterprise Sybase this week is releasing the first two products in its Unwired Enterprise initiative, which aims to help solution providers make enterprise applications mobile by integrating Sybase middleware and mobile server products from its iAnywhere subsidiary.
Wenger  #39;to sign in days #39;? Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger intimated on Tuesday that he would be signing a contact extension  quot;within days quot;. According to This is London, the Frenchman,said:  quot;I #39;ve said many times I am committed to Arsenal 
Laxman wants role in India #39;s comeback Bangalore - India #39;s Vangipurappu Laxman says he is seeking to play a pivotal role again against Australia in their home Test series starting on Wednesday.
Liverpool return not Real option for Owen Reports over the weekend claimed that Liverpool were considering making a move to bring Owen back to Anfield after his summer move to Madrid.
Anderson Hoping for Happier Times for Scotland Russell Anderson claims he relishes every opportunity to pull on a Scotland jersey - even though he does not have too many happy memories to call upon.
Baseball: World Series duels haunted by history In the World Series, the best theater usually involves a revival of hallowed or haunting history, a geographic rivalry, a conflict of personalities or the possibility, as the Red Sox know so well, of ending decades of suffering.
Pippen won six NBA rings with Jordan DEERFIELD, Ill. -- Chicago Bulls forward Scottie Pippen said Tuesday he #39;s retiring after 17 years in the NBA. Pippen 39, teamed with Michael Jordan to lead the Bulls to six NBA titles in the 1990s.
Nighttime men #39;s final set for Australian Open The 2005 Australian Open will feature the first men #39;s Grand Slam final played at night. That championship match -- in the 100th anniversary of the tournament #39;s first edition -- will start at 7:30 pm on Jan. 30.
Lisbon date for Newcastle Newcastle have been pitted against Portuguese giants Sporting Lisbon in the inaugural UEFA Cup group stage. It could mean a reunion with midfielder Hugo Viana, who has returned to the Portuguese capital on 
Straw meets Kurdish leaders in Iraq Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, on a surprise visit to Iraq, says violence must not upset plans to hold nationwide elections.  quot;I believe they can and should take place by 
Services Sector Index Slips in September (Reuters) Reuters - Growth in the vast U.S. services\sector slowed in September, with a significant decrease in\prices paid but a solid employment component, according to an\industry survey published on Tuesday.
U.S. Job Cuts at 8-Month High in Sept. (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. planned job cuts soared to an\eight-month high in September while new hiring rose only\slightly, a report said on Tuesday.
Greenspan: Banking System in Good Shape (AP) AP - The U.S. banking system, having weathered a recession and the bankruptcies of several big corporations, is in very good shape, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
Britain Suspends Flu Maker's License  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The British government has suspended  the manufacturing license of Chiron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CHIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CHIR.O&lt;/A&gt;, which makes  nearly half the U.S. supply of flu vaccine, cable television  station CNBC said on Tuesday.
Services Sector Index Slips in September  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Growth in the vast U.S. services  sector slowed in September, with a significant decrease in  prices paid but a solid employment component, according to an  industry survey published on Tuesday.
Oil Sets Record on Lengthy Supply Outage  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a new record near \$51 a  barrel on Tuesday as a prolonged U.S. production outage  following Hurricane Ivan attracted fresh speculative buying.
Treasuries Trim Losses After Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices shaved  narrow losses on Tuesday following news of a weaker than  expected reading on the U.S. economy's huge services sector.
Services Report, Jobs Data Depress Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sagged on Tuesday, weighed  down after separate reports showed the giant U.S. services  sector grew more slowly than expected in September and layoffs  surged to an eight-month high.
Stocks Edge Down, Record Crude Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as crude  oil prices climbed to another record and data on the services  sector showed growth at a slower-than-expected pace in  September.
Britain Suspends License for Flu Vaccine Supplier British health authorities on Tuesday suspended the manufacturing license of flu vaccine maker Chiron Corp., a major supplier to the United States.
Greenspan Calls U.S. Banking System 'Vibrant' The U.S. banking system, having weathered a recession and the bankruptcies of several big corporations, is in very good shape, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
The Fewest Shares You Can Buy Did you know you can buy just one share of stock -- or even less -- at a time?
Rich and Happy? No Guarantees Acquiring wealth is like a caffeine buzz: a fleeting high that leaves you wanting more.
Crude oil price surges to record high over global supply concerns Crude oil futures prices briefly hit a record high Tuesday as worries persisted over supplies and unrest among key producers. Crude oil for November delivery shot up as high as \$50.
I lied, says sacked PeopleSoft chief Craig Conway, former PeopleSoft CEO, admitted he misled investors when he said people had  quot;lost interest quot; in Oracle #39;s bid for his company.
Job cuts jump in September Planned job cuts announced by employers hit an eight-month high of 107,863 in September, 41 percent more than a year ago, according to a monthly report released Tuesday by outplacement firm Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas, Inc.
Intel, Symbian to define 3G smart phone  #39;standard #39; Intel #39;s attempt to conquer the mobile phone chip market took a mighty step forward today when the chip maker announced a partnership with leading smart phone OS maker Symbian and leading smart phone manufacturer Nokia to co-operate on the development of 
Diageo transfers shares to cut E1.1bn deficit IPE.com 5/Oct/04: UK - Drinks firm Diageo has transferred four million shares in US cereal maker General Mills to its UK pension plan to help cut the schemes 750 million-pound (1.
Lice tell mankind #39;s story A new study of the phylogeny of human head and body lice provides evidence that Homo sapiens once made direct physical contact with a more archaic lineage.
ARM to add multimedia booster to next-gen chips ARM this week added a SIMD engine to its ARMv7 ISA in a bid to improve the platform #39;s ability to process multimedia and network datastreams.
Who #39;s eavesdropping on your cell? LONDON: If you thought that your little chit chats on your mobile phones are safe from eavesdropping, think again, as security experts have revealed that the new generation of mobile phones are highly vulnerable to hackers.
Symantec attacks backup with live state recovery In an effort to include storage within its empire of security products, Symantec Corp. announced Tuesday that it is going after the backup market with live state recovery 
Irishmen hold sway in Man United future The future of Manchester United MNU.L , the world #39;s richest soccer club, could be in the hands of two publicity-shy Irishmen who made their money from horse racing.
Gavaskar appointed consultant to Indian team  Cricket-Muralitharan signs for English county Lancashire October 5, 2004 13:37:14 LONDON, Oct 5 (Reuters) - Test cricket #39;s leading wicket-taker Muttiah Muralitharan has signed for Lancashire for the first half of the 2005 season, the English county 
Israel-bound Lufthansa flight lands in Cyprus after bomb-scare LARNACA, Cyprus : A Lufthansa flight en route to Israel landed at Larnaca airport in Cyprus after receiving a bomb alert that subsequent investigations said were not serious.
Australia #39;s Howard targets national security national security with an unusual plan for an Asia-Pacific spy school to counter terrorist threats. George W. Bush, has moved to tighten the nation #39;s defences and intelligence after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States.
Greenspan: Banks are strong NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The US banking system is strong, having weathered a recession, large corporate bankruptcies and competition from other financial institutions, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
US planes strike in Baghdad slum BAGHDAD American warplanes pounded the vast Baghdad slum of Sadr City overnight after a US patrol came under gunfire, the military said on Tuesday.
INTERVIEW: Sony Ericsson Chief Sees Slower Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony\Ericsson said on Tuesday it expects slower growth in the global\handset market next year.
Avaya Agrees to Buy Germany's Tenovis (AP) AP - Business communications software provider Avaya Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to purchase Tenovis GmbH  amp; Co., a German provider of voice and data communications systems for European small and mid-sized business customers, from affiliates of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts  amp; Co.
Valiant &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers save internet &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Reports of demise premature
World's biggest book fair rolls out red carpet for Arab authors (AFP) AFP - The Frankfurt Book Fair, the world's biggest publishing event, prepared to welcome more than 200 Arab authors as guests of honor on the eve of the 56th annual event.
Mexico's Former Ruling Party on the Rise (AP) AP - The Institutional Revolutionary Party won nearly every Mexican election for seven decades. Thrown into disarray after President Vicente Fox knocked it from power four years ago, the party has recovered  #151; and is again becoming tough to beat at the ballot box.
Rebels kill three soldiers in Kashmir (Reuters) Reuters - Separatist rebels ambushed an army patrol in Indian Kashmir on Tuesday, killing three soldiers and wounding another two, police said.
Nice guy vs. The Ice Guy, Tuesday night in Cleveland (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Democrats were giddy with anticipation thinking about this year's vice presidential debate when John Kerry selected John Edwards as his running mate back in July. Their man is 51, dashing and camera-ready; Dick Cheney is 63, phlegmatic, balding and hardly a matinee idol. This was to be a fight Democrats would love.
Republicans, Democrats court key Jewish votes (AFP) AFP - Traditionally staunch Democratic supporters, Jewish voters are thought to be  quot;in play quot; for November's US presidential election, with the potential to swing several key battleground states.
Afghan President Campaigns; 7 Killed by Mine  GHAZNI, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid  Karzai campaigned on Tuesday for the first time since an  assassination attempt last month, telling cheering supporters  that a historic vote in four days would be a turning point for  the war-torn nation.
Israel, Palestinians Seek Deal to End Gaza Fighting  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli and Palestinian officials are  trying to work out a deal to end Israel's biggest Gaza  offensive in four years of conflict in return for stopping  rocket fire into the Jewish state, security sources said.
INTERVIEW: Sony Ericsson Chief Sees Slower Growth  LONDON (Reuters) - Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony  Ericsson said on Tuesday it expects slower growth in the global  handset market next year.
Iran Says Its Missiles Can Now Reach 1,250 Miles  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran has developed a missile with a  range of 1,250 miles and is determined to make its armed forces  stronger still, a senior official was quoted as saying on  Tuesday.
Thirst, Fear and Bribes on Desert Escape from Africa  AGADEZ, Niger (Reuters) - Customs officers in this dusty  Saharan town turned a blind eye as yet another creaking truck  piled with grain, smuggled cigarettes and dozens of migrants  heading for Europe rumbled off into the desert.
Campaign Ads Stay Off-Line, on Air With the presidential election just a few weeks away, pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the Internet to help woo voters -- but the ad money isn't flowing online. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Somalis vie to be new president Twenty-eight candidates are approved to contest next week's elections to be Somalia's new leader.
Missiles found in anti-Eta raids Two ground-to-air missiles are found in arms caches uncovered in raids against the Basque separatist group.
Date set for India Maoist talks The Indian state of Andhra Pradesh says peace talks with the Maoist People's War Group will start on 15 October.
Software Disasters Often People Problems New software at Hewlett-Packard Co. was supposed to get orders in and out the door faster at the computer giant. Instead, a botched deployment cut into earnings in a big way in August and executives got fired.
Bremer Says U.S. Was Short on Troops for Occupation of Iraq L. Paul Bremer assessed the first phase of the U.S. occupation by saying, "We never had enough troops on the ground."
Stocks Move Lower As Oil Prices Rise NEW YORK - Oil prices climbed close to \$51 per barrel and pushed stocks slightly lower Tuesday as investors worried that rising energy costs would dampen a widely expected fourth quarter rally.    Wall Street was uneasy but not panicky as a barrel of light crude was quoted at a record high \$50.80, up 89 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
UPDATE 1-Greenspan says better banking rules benefit economy Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Tuesday that better management of banking risk and new rules on capital hold the promise of a stronger banking system contributing more to economic growth.
SIA to offload Air NZ stake SINGAPORE Airlines has bowed to the inevitable and will book a \$141 million loss over the decision yesterday to sell its long-troubled stake in Air New Zealand.
Kodak cutting 900 jobs overseas Kodak Versamark #39;s parent company, Eastman Kodak Co., reported Tuesday it plans to eliminate almost 900 jobs this year in a restructuring of its overseas operations.
Buyback will cost BHP \$1.5b BHP Billiton #39;s Australian investors will collect \$1.5 billion from a buyback announced by the global miner yesterday. But the move will leave foreigners with a stronger presence on the BHP share register because they can #39;t participate.
Record high oil prices, economic data put pressure on stock &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Record high oil prices and disappointing economic data sent stocks lower Tuesday morning. The price of crude oil for November delivery ran up 77 cents to \$50.
Penalty Drops Earnhardt Out of First Place (AP) AP - NASCAR star Dale Earnhardt Jr. was knocked out of first place in the Nextel Cup by a slip of the tongue. Earnhardt was docked 25 points and fined  #36;10,000 by NASCAR on Tuesday for cursing during a TV interview after his victory at Talladega Superspeedway.
Our dark past a head-scratcher MODERN human beings may have wiped out two species of our closest relatives 25,000 years ago, possibly deliberately. The new research, by scientists at the University of Utah, raises the possibility that we 
Sun SPARCs Latest Chip Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) is expected to herald the arrival of its latest dual-core UltraSPARC processor today. Code-named  quot;Panther, quot; the company claims the second generation of its dual-core design, known 
Steve Ballmer Q amp;A: Microsoft CEO on security, piracy, licensing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer hosted a Q amp;A session for a handful of UK journalists in London on Sunday and silicon.com was there.
Adobe enables security features in Acrobat, Reader, LiveCycle Adobe and GeoTrust announced that, for customers that need stronger electronic signatures, a new jointly developed certified document solution (CDS) goes online today.
Packers Fans Okay with McKenzie Trade Mike McKenzie wanted out of Green Bay. It was a trade many fans wanted as well. The cornerback #39;s trade to the New Orleans Saints was the talk of the day Monday among Packers fans, who are eager 
Els Looks Ahead with Promise After Major Woes After being a frustrated  #39;nearly man #39; at this year #39;s majors, Ernie Els plans to make the most of a near-perfect finish to the 2004 season.
Melvin pays for Mariners #39; 63-99 finish The Seattle Mariners fired manager Bob Melvin on Monday, one day after the team finished a 63-99 season.  quot;There #39;s plenty of blame to go around, from my position to his to the scouts to the players themselves, quot; general manager Bill Bavasi said.
Turkey eagerly awaits green light from Brussels on EU talks After more than 40 years at Europe #39;s doorstep, Turkey Tuesday eagerly awaited the European Commission #39;s green light to begin membership talks with the European Union -- but with some strings attached.
Italy defends bouncing refugees straight back ROME: Italy has defended as an  quot;emergency measure quot; its draconian new policy of airlifting illegal immigrants straight back to Libya the moment they set foot on Italian soil.
Former Iranian president says Iran has missiles with 2,000 km &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani announced in Tehran on Tuesday that Iran has now missiles with a range of 2,000 kilometers, saying there are  #39;next stages #39; to the capability, IRNA reported.
Fedossova Upsets Shaughnessy at Japan Open (AP) AP - Fifth-seeded Meghann Shaughnessy of the United States was upset 7-5, 7-6 (5) by Youlia Fedossova, a French teen ranked 448th, in the first round of the Japan Open on Tuesday.
Adaptec: Friend or foe? The company is changing tack under CEO Robert Stephens and may soon find itself in direct competition with several longtime partners.
Bulls' Pippen Retires Pippen announces his retirement&lt;br&gt;BC-BKN--Bulls-Pippen, 1st Ld-Writethru,0355
Sun unveils UltraSparc IV Sun Microsystems Inc. on Tuesday was set to announce its UltraSparc IV microprocessor, the last significant upgrade to the company's processor line before it begins shipping the redesigned chips it calls "throughput computing" processors, and hands over the task of building chips for the bulk of its systems to Fujitsu Ltd.
SAP, Infineon unveil RFID management system German business software vendor SAP AG and chip maker Infineon Technologies AG have launched a new software management system for connecting RFID (radio frequency identification) hardware and software from multiple vendors, the companies announced Tuesday.
Microsoft: Software drives Europe's IT economy LISBON - Leaving no doubt of Microsoft Corp.'s determination to win the markets and minds of European governments, the company unveiled results of a survey Tuesday claiming that software is the main driver of IT job creation and revenue in the region.
Sony's Vaio X: Like TiVo on Steroids New device offers 1TB of storage, can record seven channels simultaneously.
Britain Suspends Flu Maker's License (Reuters) Reuters - The British government has suspended\the manufacturing license of Chiron Corp., which makes nearly\half the U.S. supply of flu vaccine, cable television station\CNBC said on Tuesday.
ConocoPhillips Keeps Production Target  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said  it expects third-quarter crude oil and natural gas production  to be lower than in the second-quarter, but kept its full year  production forecast.
US Job Cuts Steepest in Eight Months up 45 percent from August -- according to a survey released by the outplacement firm Challenger, Gray and Christmas. Compared with a year ago, job cuts were up 41 percent.
7Up tops off space flight with ticket to ride WHAT #39;s the prize beneath the cap of that soft drink bottle? A trip into space. It may sound far-fetched - if not a little crass -ut the commercialisation of the final frontier began in earnest yesterday 
IBM Adds Biometrics to ThinkPads IBM is releasing a new line of ThinkPads that will include embedded fingerprint readers to amp up security. The new reader will be on a wrist rest below the arrow keys on select models of the T42.
Jury rules for Kodak in Java patent dispute Editor #39;s Summary: A New York state jury has ruled that Sun Microsystems #39; Java infringes on three patents now held by Eastman Kodak.
Spain to face England in friendly at the Bernabeu Spain will play England in a friendly international at Real Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu stadium on November 17, the Spanish Football Federation announced on Tuesday.
Hughes gets call-up for Scotland Scotland have added Portsmouth midfielder Richard Hughes to their squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Norway and Moldova. Tuesday #39;s move comes a day after coach Berti Vogts said 
Post-Talladega expletive costs Earnhardt Dale Earnhardt Jr. was docked 25 points and fined \$10,000 for cursing during a postrace TV interview, NASCAR announced Tuesday. The loss of points drops Earnhardt out of first place in the Nextel Cup standings.
India strong without Sachin India will pose a massive challenge for Australia in the first Test, even without injured star Sachin Tendulkar. Australia are top of the world rankings but have not won a Test series in India for 34 years.
Yankees leave Giambi off playoff roster New York decided to carry 11 pitchers for the best-of-five series, including both Orlando Hernandez and Kevin Brown, candidates to start Games 3 or 4 along with Javier Vazquez.
Basketball: Gary Payton has change of heart and decides to play &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BOSTON, United States : Gary Payton has had a change of heart and reported to the Boston Celtics training camp. After saying a couple of months ago he didn #39;t want to leave California following his August 6 
Megawati set to go A TEARY President Megawati Sukarnoputri yesterday urged Indonesia to accept the results of landmark polls that delivered a landslide victory to her former security minister, clearing his path to the presidency.
Reach of missiles now 2,000 km: Iran TEHRAN - Iran #39;s former president Hashemi Rafsanjani said Tuesday that his country has created missiles that can now reach targets 2,000 kilometres away, a substantial increase from its previous range.
Big Australian buyback BHP Billiton shareholders are about to be rewarded directly from the torrents of cash coursing through the giant resources group. Perversely, that may make some of them quite unhappy.
PalmOne grabs Microsoft Exchange license com October 5, 2004, 8:32 AM PT. Rivals PalmOne and Microsoft appear to have cast aside their differences, as the handheld maker licenses an e-mail synchronization tool from the software giant.
Sun unveils UltraSparc IV Sun Microsystems Inc. on Tuesday was set to announce its UltraSparc IV microprocessor, the last significant upgrade to the company #39;s processor line before it begins shipping the redesigned chips it calls 
Chiefs #39; First Win Was Crucial Dick Vermeil walked around the visitors #39; locker room at M amp;T Bank Stadium as Monday night gave way to Tuesday morning, offering pats on the back, congratulatory handshakes and hugs to his Kansas City Chiefs players.
Karzai more confident about victory in voting after his second &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The incumbent Afghan transitional president Hamid Karzai is more convinced that he will go out of the first presidential elections triumphantly next Saturday, after his second and successful trip outside the capital Tuesday.
Britain Suspends Flu Vaccine Maker (Reuters) Reuters - Britain suspended on Tuesday the\manufacturing license of Chiron Corp., a major supplier of flu\vaccine to the United Kingdom and the United States, for three\months.
Bush Expects Upward Revision to Jobs Data (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration expects\revised data due on Friday to show the pace of job creation in\the year leading up to March was much swifter than had been\believed, economists who received a White House memo on the\subject said on Tuesday.
Adidas sees strong US sales growth, higher dividend (AFP) AFP - Adidas-Salomon, the German maker of sportswear and equipment said it was optimistic about the outlook for its US operations and said it was likely to pay shareholders an increased dividend for 2004.
Blue Chips Slip on Oil Concerns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips edged down on Tuesday  as oil jumped to another record and government data on the  services sector showed that growth was slower than expected  last month.
US Airways Union Meets to Discuss Pay Cuts Leaders of the Air Line Pilots Association said US Airways' plan to cut salaries and benefits of management was welcome news, but does not constitute a deal.
Tata signs IT deal with Ferrari India's largest software services firm will provide engineering services for the development of Ferrari's 2005-season F1 car.
Florida Rock Is Steady There's a worldwide cement shortage. Everybody needs it, and this company has it.
Oil hits record on heating concerns NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices rose to another record Tuesday as a long supply disruption in the Gulf of Mexico from Hurricane Ivan caused concern about winter heating fuel supplies.
SIA ditches Air NZ stake Singapore Airlines, which splashed out \$285 million on Air New Zealand shares four years ago, yesterday sold its stake in the national carrier for about \$62 million.
Digital snaps blamed for jobs axe Photographic equipment manufacturer Kodak has blamed the rise of digital photography for 600 job losses and a factory closure. Kodak said declining demand for traditional camera film had forced it to close 
Camden Property to Buy Summit Properties Camden Property Trust has agreed to buy Summit Properties Inc., a rival owner of upscale apartments, for about \$1.1 billion. The two real-estate investment trusts Monday said the merger creates the country #39;s 
Tower Auto Sees Wider Loss, Shares Fall Auto parts maker Tower Automotive Inc. (TWR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday its third-quarter loss would be twice as deep as previously expected because of lower vehicle production in North America and higher steel costs.
UPDATE 3-Credit Suisse gains on restructuring hopes Credit Suisse shares rose on Tuesday amid hopes Switzerland #39;s second-largest financial group will step up the pace of restructuring, prompted by a report that it 
Blue Chips Slip on Oil Concerns US blue chips edged down on Tuesday as oil jumped to another record and government data on the services sector showed that growth was slower than expected last month.
Samsung to boost chip production Korean chipmaker Samsung says it will invest 25 trillion won building new chip production lines over the next six years.
Wireless NewsFactor PalmOne Debuts New Tungsten with 256-MB Flash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 256 MB memory allocates 215 MB as storage for the user, with 55 MB as program memory and 160 MB as the internal flash drive. The flash memory in the Tungsten T5 is still large enough to 
AT amp;T Wireless brings music downloads to mobile customers AT amp;T Wireless is trying to put its own stamp on the digital music market. It #39;s launching a new service that enables its mobile phone users to browse and purchase song downloads over the 
IBM in attack mode with  #39;budget #39; Power kit IBM is attacking every rival system it can think of with a new line of low-cost Unix servers aimed at mid-sized customers. The p5-520 and p5-550 fit in IBM #39;s Express line of  quot;budget quot; hardware be they servers or storage systems.
New Apple iMac G5 launched MSI-Digiland president Jimmy Go Tuesday assured customers that the Apple iMac G5 will be a big hit in the Philippines because the computer combines power and beauty, features which the Filipino consumer is looking for.
Symantec offers recovery systems TORONTO, Oct. 5 - Symantec Corp. has released its LiveState Recovery family of products. Three editions of the disk-based Symantec LiveState Recovery (formerly called Symantec V2i Protector) are available 
Soccer: Palace notches first League win Crystal Palace notched their first Premier League win of the soccer season with a 2-0 victory yesterday over London rivals Fulham, who played for all but the first six minutes with 10 men.
Way out of the Woods Not only has he gone a second consecutive year without winning a Major, but he has yet to win a stroke-play event. There #39;s more.
Earnhardt Bounced from Top Spot in NASCAR Standings DAYTONA BEACH, Florida (Sports Network) - NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. has been fined \$10,000 for cursing during a TV interview following his win at Talladega Superspeedway.
Emirates Offer Too Good to Refuse - Hill-Wood Arsenal chairman Peter Hill-Wood has admitted the 100million deal on offer from Emirates Airlines to secure the naming rights on their new stadium and an eight-year shirt sponsorship deal was too good to refuse.
Report: UConn freshman in critical condition UConn freshman guard AJ Price was in intensive care Tuesday after being hospitalized in critical condition with flu-like symptoms, the Hartford Courant reported.
Benson shows no fear on -- or off -- the field Texas running back Cedric Benson is probably in some conversations about this season #39;s Heisman Trophy -- and not just because he said he #39;d rather win the stiff-armed statue than beat Oklahoma, if given a choice.
EU #39;s Prodi Says No Special Conditions for Turkey The European Commission will not set special conditions for Turkey when it decides Wednesday whether to recommend opening membership talks with Ankara, Commission President Romano Prodi said Tuesday.
Italy defends new fast-track flights to deport refugees Italy is defending a tough new policy on illegal immigrants, which has put hundreds of new arrivals from sub-Saharan Africa on planes back to Libya without the opportunity to apply for asylum.
Iran adds to international concerns with missile, nuclear moves TEHRAN : Iran gave cause for fresh international alarm as a top regime official announced the Islamic republic had boosted the range of its ballistic missiles and hardline MPs backed a move to defy the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog.
EU's Prodi Says No Special Conditions for Turkey  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission will not set  special conditions for Turkey when it decides Wednesday whether  to recommend opening membership talks with Ankara, Commission  President Romano Prodi said Tuesday.
US Stops Short of Backing Brazil on UN Council Seat  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States stopped  short of endorsing Brazil's ambition for a permanent seat on an  expanded U.N. Security Council but did say the country would be  a "solid candidate."
Flu vaccine licence suspended \The UK government has suspended the manufacturing licence of major flu vaccine maker Chiron.
Car bombs in Iraq leave six dead Car bombs explode in three Iraqi cities as the interim PM says he has new plans to crush the insurgency.
Ten killed in fresh Assam attack Ten people die in a shooting in a market in Assam, following a weekend of violence in India's north-east.
Blue Chips Slip on Record Crude Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips inched lower on  Tuesday afternoon as investors worried that oil prices, which  jumped to another record, will eat into corporate profits and  dampen consumer spending.
Stocks Are Mixed As Oil Prices Climb NEW YORK - Oil prices climbed close to \$51 per barrel and kept stocks mixed Tuesday as investors worried that rising energy costs would dampen a widely expected fourth quarter rally.    Wall Street was uneasy but not panicky as a barrel of light crude was quoted at a record high \$50.85, up 94 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
Edwards, Cheney Set to Meet in Only Debate CLEVELAND - Vice President Dick Cheney faces a "master litigator" when he debates Sen. John Edwards, a backhanded compliment offered Tuesday by the White House as it defended against criticism that the Republicans have not acknowledged errors in waging war in Iraq...
Flu Vaccine Maker's Shipments Suspended LONDON - Flu shot shipments by a major vaccine supplier were blocked by British health authorities Tuesday just ahead of the flu season, immediately raising worries that there will be enough vaccine this year.   "The implications may be significant...
Danes to seek oil at North Pole Denmark is to undertake an expedition to try to back its bid for the North Pole, the country's Science Ministry says.
Rodeo: Kelly Maben Win in Barrel Racing Barrel racer Kelly Maben of Spur, Texas, won her second straight round in the National Finals Rodeo on Sunday night, topping the competition with a 13.92-second run - the first sub 14-second mark in three rounds.
AT   #038;T Joins the Music Frenzy Customers are able to download full songs with their phone and put them on a computer. Also: Hewlett-Packard has major malfunctions with its software   hellip;. Microsoft and PalmOne, together at last   hellip;. and more.
US Oil Prices Soar Above Record \$50 US oil prices neared \$51 per barrel Tuesday, steered by speculative buyers wary of US production after Hurricane Ivan and conflicts in other oil-producing nations.
Army Spun Tale Around Ill-Fated Mission The published account of Pat Tillman's last moments was a distorted and incomplete narrative, according to dozens of internal Army documents obtained by The Washington Post.
No FDA regs for cigs in tax bill WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- A proposed compromise designed to reconcile competing versions of a key corporate tax bill would allow for a federal buyout of subsidized tobacco growers, but strikes Senate-approved language that would give the Food and Drug 
Sony's Vaio X: Like TiVo on Steroids (PC World) PC World - New device offers 1TB of storage, can record seven channels simultaneously.
Intel Pushes Further into Mobile Space Intel is teaming with mobile-phone giant Nokia and software developer Symbian on next-generation mobile phones, or smartphones. Demand for these devices -- which promise Web browsing, multimedia 
IBM touts new Power5 servers OCTOBER 05, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM has launched a pair of high-performance, low-priced Unix servers and related security services aimed at small to medium-size businesses.
ARM gains flashy new media processing instructions ARM has developed a suite of media and signal processing instructions that will appear in future ARM processors targeting mobile consumer devices.
PluggedIn: Ultrawideband Heralds Zippier Wireless Connections (Reuters) Reuters - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.
The Dolphins are getting beat -- and embarrassed -- this season Dave Wannstedt wandered near a crowded lounge inside Miami #39;s Pro Player Stadium late Sunday Night, carrying the weight of a beaten man.
Owen  amp; Becks named on World Player short-list Following his dynamic season for Liverpool, breathtaking contribution at Euro 2004, and goals-laden start to his career in Spain, Michael Owen has rightly been named on the shortlist for the FIFA World Player of the Year award.
Israel diverts Lufthansa jet to Cyprus Israel has turned away a Lufthansa passenger plane bound for Tel Aviv due to a bomb threat. The plane landed safely in Cyprus on Tuesday after it was escorted by Israeli air force fighters.
Chirac unity call in hostage row The French President has called for national unity for the sake of two French hostages in Iraq, as a row broke out over a failed attempt to free them.
Experts urge stronger action against wildlife poachers 5 October 2004 - Law enforcement experts are urging stronger action against poachers or smugglers of endangered species, but warn that many countries lack the ability to fight wildlife crimes, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) said today.
PluggedIn: Ultrawideband Heralds Zippier Wireless Connections  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.
Auditors Face Trial in Parmalat Fraud (Reuters) Reuters - A judge launched court hearings into the\ #36;17.2 billion collapse of Parmalat on Tuesday and immediately\ruled that the first two of the 32 accused in one of Europe's\biggest fraud cases would stand trial.
Peoplesoft may mull Oracle bid A director of business software maker Peoplesoft says the firm may be ready to negotiate with its would-be buyer, Oracle.
Miner shares the wealth BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest miner, will buy back as much as A\$1.5 billion (\$1.6 billion) of its Australian stock as part of a plan to return profit from soaring commodity prices to investors.
Greenspan Sees Economic  #39;Traction #39; (CBS/AP) Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Wednesday the economy has  quot;regained some traction quot; after a late spring slowdown that was triggered by a sharp spike in oil prices.
Service Sector Cools As Hiring Increases Activity in the service sector of the US economy slowed moderately in September from the previous month #39;s pace, but it still expanded at a healthy clip, according to a private research group #39;s survey.
Flash memory abounds in PalmOne #39;s Tungsten T5 OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - PalmOne Inc. Monday unveiled a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant that is designed to protect data even when the device #39;s battery dies.
AT amp;T Joins the Music Frenzy In the first foray by a US wireless carrier into the online music market, AT amp;T is launching a service that lets subscribers buy songs using their cell phones and later download them to a computer.
EarthLink finds spyware running amok The average Internet-enabled PC hosts 26 spyware programs, according to an audit by Internet service provider EarthLink, a sign of increasing bombardment by malicious software.
Adobe, GeoTrust Join to Verify Documents Adobe (Quote, Chart) today unveiled a new offering with partner GeoTrust to help verify the integrity and authenticity of documents.
NASCAR had no choice but to penalize Junior Earlier this season driver Johnny Sauter was fined \$25,000 and docked 25 points after cursing during a radio interview following a Busch Series race in Las Vegas.
NBA Rundown: How good is/was Scottie Pippen? One of the NBA #39;s all-time greats, or a marvelously blessed opportunist who was in the right place at the right time? Scottie Pippen #39;s place in NBA history probably will be debated longer than Pippen himself 
Ballmer sees squeeze on Longhorn deadline Microsoft's CEO lends some insight into the 2006 release date of the slow-moving next version of Windows.
Briefly: Slashdot dips into politics roundup Plus: IBM releases low-cost Unix servers...Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board...Sun lures Siebel to x86 Solaris.
PalmOne grabs Microsoft Exchange license The staunch rivals appear to cast aside differences, as the handheld maker licenses an e-mail synchronization tool from Microsoft.
Sony hones its TV efforts One example: A remote control that looks like a flip phone. Also, can Triluminos improve your picture?
Sony's home server stores 1 terabyte Who needs that much? Anyone who wants to record a week's worth of TV shows.
PalmOne, Microsoft Join on Mobile E-Mail Sometimes it pays to befriend an enemy. Longtime foes palmOne Inc. and Microsoft Corp. Tuesday announced a licensing deal that will allow the next generation of palmOne #39;s 
NL playoffs: Astros vs. Braves Astros: Houston got rolling under manager Phil Garner, who replaced Jimy Williams at the All-Star break, and an amazing late-season surge carried the Astros to the wild card.
Reds quartet in World Player shortlist FOUR Manchester United players - including recent signing Wayne Rooney - have been nominated for FIFA #39;s World Player of the Year award.
Wicked good outcome So where should the Boston Red Sox start their World Series parade? That #39;s the question. At Bill Buckner #39;s house? How about from in front of Aaron Boone #39;s plasma screen?
UConn basketball player hospitalized (Hartford-WTNH, Oct. 5, 2004 12:01 PM) _ A UConn basketball player is in the hospital in critical condition at this hour. Freshman AJ Price was admitted to Hartford Hospital Monday.
Iran Says Its Missiles Can Now Reach 1,250 Miles Iran has increased the range of its missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying Tuesday. The range would puts parts of Europe within reach for the first time.
Skepticism accompanies tribunal vote Chem Mey has been waiting a quarter century for Khmer Rouge leaders to be brought to trial.  quot;I #39;m happy about the news, but I cannot yet put my heart to believe it will 
Symantec releases data recovery tools Security company Symantec Corp. on Tuesday announced the availability of new versions of its LiveState data recovery software.
Ubiquitous network society 'around the corner' CHIBA, JAPAN -- For Kunio Nakamura, president of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd., the much-discussed era of the ubiquitous network society, is "just around the corner." And with Japan in the vanguard, much of the world that is already networked will be online, anywhere, anytime, for anyone, by 2010, he said Tuesday in a keynote address on the opening day of Ceatec 2004 in Japan.
First Look: Voq Cell Phone Needs Work Sierra Wireless promises easy corporate syncing, but we hit some snags.
First Look: Voq Cell Phone Needs Work (PC World) PC World - Sierra Wireless promises easy corporate syncing, but we hit some snags.
3 Americans Share Nobel Prize for Physics Three Americans shared the Nobel Prize for Physics for their work in increasing science's understanding of the forces that bind together the smallest pieces of matter, known as quarks.
Embassy Workers Suffer Breathing Ailment (AP) AP - Two employees at the Egyptian Embassy were treated for breathing problems and irritated skin after they opened a suspicious package Tuesday, police said.
Saddam Trial Hampered by Violence in Iraq (AP) AP - Putting Saddam Hussein on trial for war crimes is turning out to be a trial in itself, as escalating violence across Iraq makes preparations harder and riskier.
Iran Says Its Missiles Can Now Reach 1,250 Miles  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran has increased the range of its  missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying  on Tuesday.
Israel Says It Attacked Islamic Jihad Leader  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The Israeli army said it had attacked  the car of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad militant commander who  was killed in a Gaza City airstrike on Tuesday.
Spain: Russian Missiles Found in ETA Arms Caches  MADRID (Reuters) - French police have found two  Russian-made surface-to-air missiles among huge arms caches  uncovered during a swoop against Basque separatist guerrilla  group ETA, officials said on Tuesday.
UN raps Sudan over Darfur crisis Sudan has failed to end militia attacks on civilians in Darfur,  while rebels also broke a truce, a UN envoy says.
World accepts Indonesian result World leaders congratulate the winner of Indonesia's elections, but the president stops short of conceding.
3 Americans Share Nobel Prize for Studying Tiny Particles Their work focused on understanding the forces that bind together the smallest pieces of matter, known as quarks.
Scottie Pippen Retires After 17 Seasons DEERFIELD, Ill. - Scottie Pippen announced his retirement from the Chicago Bulls, the team he and Michael Jordan led to six NBA titles in the 1990s...
Edwards, Cheney Set to Meet in Only Debate CLEVELAND - The White House said Vice President Dick Cheney faces a "master litigator" when he debates Sen. John Edwards Tuesday night, a backhanded compliment issued as the Republican administration defended itself against criticism that it has not acknowledged errors in waging war in Iraq...
Stocks Are Mixed As Oil Prices Climb NEW YORK - Oil prices climbed close to \$51 per barrel and kept stocks mixed Tuesday as investors worried that rising energy costs would dampen a widely expected fourth quarter rally.    Wall Street was uneasy but not panicky as a barrel of light crude was quoted at a record high \$50.80, up 89 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
White House Silent on Bremer Troop Request WASHINGTON - The White House refused to say Tuesday whether the top U.S. civilian official in Iraq after Saddam Hussein's ouster had asked the president for more troops to deal with the rapid descent of postwar Iraq into chaos...
BHP Billiton launches A\$1.5 bn share buyback programme NEW YORK, October 5 (newratings.com) - BHP Billiton Limited (BHP.NYS), the world #39;s largest mining company, has announced its plans to return up to A\$1.
Kodak #39;s Restructuring Develops Why is it that so many times people take pictures of me I come out looking like the Goodyear (NYSE: GT) blimp? I #39;ve lost 20 pounds in the past few years, and people are usually 
UPS to acquire Menlo Worldwide Forwarding Palo Alto-based CNF Inc. says it #39;s selling its Menlo Worldwide Forwarding business to United Parcel Service, Inc., of Atlanta, Ga.
Wal-Mart to Add 55 Million SF in 2005 com Daily Report. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of Bentonville said Tuesday that it plans to add 55 million SF of retail space in the new fiscal year beginning Feb. 1. In the United 
IBM ThinkPads Get Biometric Access Tech IBM hopes to ease the minds of roving execs by adding yet another layer of security to its ThinkPad notebooks. Mirroring Microsoft #39;s  quot;biometrics for the desktop quot; move, IBM has added fingerprint readers to 
Cold water poured on Intel #39;s Symbian deal Chipmaker Texas Instruments (TI) has played down the importance to the smartphone market of Symbian #39;s new alliance with Intel.
Intel Korea Unveils Newest Pentium 4 Intel Korea on Tuesday released the Mobile Intel Pentium 4 Processor 548, which targets the personal laptop computer market. The central processing unit can operate multi-media programs that need a high performance capacity, explained the company.
E-Rate Inspection which allows schools and libraries to purchase telecommunications and Internet access at discounted rates -- are causing officials to take another look.
Who should win: Buck Showalter Dick Vermeil looks as if he #39;s on the verge of tears, Jon Stewart has finished a bizarre and semi-coherent interview with Desmond Tutu, and the Blog #39;s flight to Atlanta for the Braves-Astros series boards in a few hours.
BAR-Honda confirm Sato for 2005 Takuma Sato will return with BAR-Honda in 2005. The team confirmed the Japanese driver #39;s return on Tuesday ahead of this weekend #39;s Japanese Grand Prix.
Rooney up for world award Wayne Rooney has been shortlisted for the Fifa World Player of the Year award which will be decided in December. Rooney, 18, is one of 10 players from the 35 contenders who play their football in the Premiership.
Vikings #39; Smith to begin four-game suspension Onterrio Smith, a key part of the Minnesota Vikings #39; 2-1 start, will miss the team #39;s next four games as he serves a suspension for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy, the league announced Tuesday.
Pederson has back injury, broken rib Barring unexpected complications from the concussion Brett Favre suffered Sunday, the Packers will have their starting quarterback in the lineup for their Monday night game against the Titans.
Africa #39;s Needs in Focus as Commission is Set for Meeting British Prime Minister Tony Blair is traveling to Ethiopia this week, for the British-sponsored Commission for Africa meeting to discuss the continent #39;s pressing needs.
Sanderson Takes Coaching Job at Iowa Sta (AP) AP - Olympic gold medalist Cael Sanderson was hired as an assistant wrestling coach at Iowa State, where he went 159-0 while winning four NCAA championships.
Kuerten, Grosjean Drop Paris Masters (AP) AP - Three-time French Open champion Gustavo Kuerten and Sebastien Grosjean pulled out of the Paris Masters with injuries Tuesday.
Ryder Cup Reminders Tee-Off Some Players (AP) AP - When people say it's important to play the Ryder Cup in the right spirit, that apparently goes beyond the week of the matches.
Seven-Time All-Star Scottie Pippen Calls It Quits  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - Seven-time All-Star and six-time  World Champion Scottie Pippen announced his retirement from the  Chicago Bulls Tuesday.
Earnhardt Bounced from Top Spot in NASCAR Standings  DAYTONA BEACH, Florida (Sports Network) - NASCAR driver  Dale Earnhardt Jr. has been fined \$10,000 for cursing during a  TV interview following his win at Talladega Superspeedway.
SpaceShipOne: Flights of fancy With two short trips to the edge of space, the little rocket that could may have ushered in a new era in high-tech travel.
Yahoo offers personal search Yahoo Inc. launched a new service designed to let users of its search engine save and manage their query results for accessing later and sharing with others, the company said Tuesday.
70 die as Iraq violence escalates Insurgents in Iraq mounted a third straight day of serious attacks yesterday, killing 17 people when they opened fire on buses delivering workers to an ordnance disposal site.
Via readies 64-bit capability for Isaiah Via Technologies Inc. will add 64-bit capabilities into Isaiah, a multimedia processor core design expected to arrive in 2006, the company plans to announce Tuesday at the Fall Processor Forum in San Jose, California.
U.S. Services Sector Slips, Jobs Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Growth in the vast U.S. services  sector slowed in September, but mixed data on employment on  Tuesday focused economists' attention on upcoming payrolls data  to get a clearer sign about the outlook.
PeopleSoft Denies Execs Visited Oracle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  denied an analyst report that its executives recently met with  Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;, the rival software vendor that last year  launched a hostile bid for PeopleSoft.
Veolia Wins \$800 Million U.S. Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Veolia Environment &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIE.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIE.PA&lt;/A&gt; executives  on Tuesday said the French utility's waste management unit had  won a 10-year, \$800 million contract extension in Florida.
T-W to Aggressively Woo Cable Subscribers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time Warner, the world's largest media  company, on Tuesday said it plans to aggressively pursue new  cable service subscribers to staunch a loss in video  subscribers to Rupert Murdoch's DirecTV Group&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DTV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DTV.N&lt;/A&gt; and  EchoStar Communications Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DISH.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DISH.O&lt;/A&gt;
Lots of Profits in This Forest Forest Laboratories, down sharply from its high, offers value and growth.
Kodak's Restructuring Develops The legendary film company is cutting slower-growing segments in favor of newer technology.
Greenspan: US Banks in Good Shape The top US central banker says the country #39;s banking system has weathered a recession and major corporate bankruptcies, and emerged  quot;strong, vibrant and profitable.
CNF to Sell Forwarding Business to UPS Transport and logistics company CNF Inc. on Tuesday said it agreed to sell its Menlo Worldwide Forwarding business to United Parcel Service Inc.
Wal-Mart bucks backlash, continues growth plans CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Undaunted by the scorn of a growing number of communities across the US, Wal-Mart will duplicate this year #39;s growth plans again next year.
Profits for Canadian retailers seen rising 33 this year &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - Profits at Canadian retailers are forecast to rise by nearly one-third this year, according to a report by the Conference Board of Canada.
New Toshiba notebooks highlight long-running trend OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Toshiba Corp. #39;s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on Tuesday, are further evidence that US consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel Corp.
Grosjean, Kuerten pull out of Paris Masters Frenchman Sebastien Grosjean and Gustavo Kuerten of Brazil have pulled out of the upcoming Paris Masters Series tournament due to injuries, the French Tennis Federation said Tuesday.
Pippen calls it quits SCOTTIE Pippen, one of the members of the legendary Chicago Bulls team which scooped six NBA titles in the 1990s, announced his retirement today.
Israeli Missile Hits Car in Gaza, at Least one Palestinian Killed An Israeli missile attack in Gaza City has killed a top official of the Palestinian militant organization, Islamic Jihad, and another member of the group.
Ireland issues passport to Bigley Ireland has issued a passport to British hostage Kenneth Bigley in the hopes it will help secure his release in Iraq.  quot;Mr. Kenneth Bigley #39;s family has asked for an Irish passport to 
US fires on Sadr City The attacks came after gunfire on an American patrol. Meanwhile, four GIs were charged with murder in the death last year of an Iraqi general.
US job cuts reach 8-month high A Chicago outplacement firm says planned job cuts announced by employers hit an eight-month high of 107,863 in September. Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas, in a report released Tuesday 
UPDATE 1-Bear Stearns to buy Cigna #39;s TimesSquare bond firm Bear Stearns Cos. (BSC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said its asset management arm agreed to buy Cigna Corp. #39;s (CI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) TimesSquare Capital Management Inc.
Astronaut Gordon Cooper Dies Summary - (Oct 5, 2004) Astronaut Gordon Cooper, who piloted missions in both the Mercury and Gemini programs, died on Monday at his home in Ventura, California; he was 77.
Early man left trail of lice Humankind #39;s inexorable spread across the globe may have had an unwelcome side-effect - it brought us face to face with our ancient hominid relatives just long enough to catch their head lice.
Sun hypes new UltraSPARC and Siebel love Sun Microsystems today took aim at two core pieces of its server strategy, announcing a new generation of UltraSPARC processors and a key software win for Solaris x86.
SAP, Infineon Team Up To Accelerate RFID Deployment Cycles RFID vendor Infineon uses SAP #39;s NetWeaver platform to help companies better connect and manage RFID systems from diverse suppliers.
Symantec releases data recovery tools Security company Symantec Tuesday announced the availability of new versions of its LiveState data recovery software. The company is releasing updated versions of its LiveState Recovery Advanced Server, Standard Server and Desktop products.
Sports: NFL tells Vikings #39; Smith to sit out four MINNEAPOLIS Onterrio Smith of the Minnesota Vikings will miss his team #39;s next four games for a violation of the NFL substance abuse policy.
Pippen retires from NBA The versatile 39-year-old forward won six NBA titles with the Chicago Bulls between 1991 and 1998, playing alongside legendary shooting guard Michael Jordan.
Ravens have no answer for Priest The Baltimore Ravens, known for their bullying defense, were pushed around in alarming fashion in Monday night #39;s 27-24 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs at M amp;T Bank Stadium.
Yankee directs anger at Bonds There are many reasons Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield and Giants slugger Barry Bonds don #39;t hang out together anymore, but one of the biggest is the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative.
Bomb warnings show airlines are hostage to hoaxers German airline Lufthansa diverted an Israel-bound plane to Cyprus on Tuesday in the sixth mid-air bomb scare over Europe in 10 days, acting at Israel #39;s insistence despite concluding the threat was a hoax.
Bigley gets Irish passport The Irish government today issued a passport to Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage who has been held in Iraq for almost three weeks, in an attempt to help secure his release.
Bomb blasts wound two in Thailand #39;s south a day after paper dove &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGKOK: Two bombs exploded in troubled southern Thailand on Monday, injuring a soldier and a civil servant, police said, a day after the government scattered millions of paper doves as a peace gesture.
PeopleSoft Denies Execs Visited Oracle (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on Tuesday\denied an analyst report that its executives recently met with\Oracle Corp. , the rival software vendor that last year\launched a hostile bid for PeopleSoft.
Exhibit Traces Impact of Isaac Newton (AP) AP - If you asked people strolling down Fifth Avenue to name a genius, most would probably cite Albert Einstein. "Ask them to name another one, it would be (Isaac) Newton," said Mordechai Feingold, curator of a new exhibit about the 17th-century English mathematician and physicist who transcended science to become a lasting icon in society.
Number of Endangered Steller Sea Lions Up (AP) AP - The number of endangered Steller sea lions counted between the Gulf of Alaska and the tip of the Aleutian Chain has increased again, according to new data released by the National Marine Fisheries Service.
Mercury Astronaut Gordon Cooper Dies at 77 (Reuters) Reuters - Gordon Cooper, one of the Mercury\Seven astronauts who helped pioneer human space exploration,\piloting the last of the Mercury missions and the troubled\Gemini 5 flight, died on Monday. He was 77.
Paneer is easy. Paneer is a kind of soft cheese used in Indian cuisine.  It's a bit like ricotta.  It takes minutes to make, and you can experiment with it.  This recipe is neither particularly original, nor particularly authentic.  But, you get stuff that looks and tastes like the paneer you get in Indian restaurants, so it must be pretty close.  It doesn't use rennet, so it's vegetarian-safe.  It isn't vegan-safe.
Update 6: Judge Indicts 2 Former Parmalat Auditors A judge ordered two former auditors at dairy giant Parmalat to stand trial for false accounting and market rigging, handing down the first indictments in the massive fraud scandal that stripped many Italians of their savings.
Blu-ray Disc Association Launches Today, more than 70 companies from the consumer electronics, information technology, media and software industries held the first official meeting of the Blu-ray Disc Association.
Internet Explorer vs. the little guy, Firefox Alternative browsers have been around for years, including Netscape, which was long ago absorbed by the Time Warner conglomerate. The popular open source browser Mozilla is based on Netscape, a program called 
Owen raises England hopes MICHAEL Owen believes he has  quot;a very good chance quot; of playing for England in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifying match against Wales.
UNconscionable (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Oil For Food: It's one of the great scandals of our time, no less so because the big media have mostly ignored it. Now comes a report hinting why some key former allies opposed the U.S.-led war in Iraq: They were bribed.
Expanded African force, peace talks key to Darfur strategy UNITED NATIONS : An expanded African force must be urgently deployed in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said in a report discussed by the UN Security Council.
Asia #39;s Human Bird Flu Toll Reaches 31 BANGKOK, Thailand Oct. 4, 2004 - The human toll from bird flu reached 31 on Monday when Thailand confirmed a 9-year-old girl died from the disease, while Indonesia announced that it was among the countries 
Wartime security as Karzai campaigns amid spiralling violence (AFP) AFP - Wartime security was rolled out for Afghanistan's interim President Hamid Karzai as he addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital amidst spiralling violence.
Ohio Focuses on Job Growth for Elections (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry has 237,400 reasons for hope in Ohio. That's the number of jobs Ohio has lost since President Bush won the state by 3.6 percentage points four years ago. Ohioans consider jobs and the economy their top concern, with terrorism and homeland security close behind.
Canada Top Court Seen Leaning Toward Gay Marriage  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Even before the Supreme Court begins  weighing whether same-sex marriage must be allowed across  Canada, advocates on opposite sides of the argument agreed on  Tuesday that the judges would most likely say yes.
Venezuela Welcomes U.S. Overture to Improve Ties  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela on Tuesday reacted  warmly to a U.S. overture seeking better relations, but urged  Washington to recognize that left-wing President Hugo Chavez's  government was democratic, stable and independent.
Samarra peaceful after US blitz Life returns slowly to normal in the battered Iraqi city after a huge US-led operation to wrest control from insurgents.
Protests target nuclear shipment Protests continue in France in a bid to stop delivery of  weapons-grade plutonium from the US for recycling.
Britain Blocks Drug Firm From Supplying Flu Vaccine The company that makes half the flu vaccine used in the U.S. was suspended for manufacturing problems.
Stocks Mixed As Oil Nears \$51 Per Barrel NEW YORK - Stocks were mixed Tuesday as oil prices climbed close to \$51 per barrel and investors worried that rising energy costs would dampen a widely expected fourth quarter rally.    Wall Street was uneasy but not panicky as a barrel of light crude was quoted at \$50.63, up 72 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
Officials Warn of Major Flu Shot Shortages LONDON - U.S. health officials warned Tuesday of major flu shot shortages after British health officials abruptly pulled the license of the maker of half the U.S...
UPS to buy Menlo arm from CNF NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- United Parcel Service is buying Menlo Worldwide Forwarding Inc., a global freight-shipping business and subsidiary of CNF Inc.
T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots com October 5, 2004, 10:57 AM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row.
Pay, benefits cuts announced for airline management ARLINGTON, Va. US Airways says it plans to cut 45 (m) million dollars a year in pay and benefits in a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to accept 950 (m) million dollars in annual cost cuts.
US Stops Short of Backing Brazil on UN Council Seat &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Saul Hudson&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States stoppedshort of endorsing Brazil's ambition for a permanent seat on anexpanded U.N. Security Council but did say the country would bea "solid candidate."&lt;/p&gt;
Macromedia giving away Flex The move is part of an effort by Macromedia to expand the use of its Flash format into a broad foundation for delivering Web services and media.
Briefly: T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots roundup Plus: Slashdot dips into politics...IBM releases low-cost Unix servers...Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board.
Judge's Aide: Jamal Lewis to Plead Guilty (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis has agreed to plea guilty in his federal drug conspiracy case, an aide to the presiding judge said Tuesday.
Caminiti Gets Jail for Failed Drug Test (AP) AP - Former NL Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti admitted in court Tuesday that he violated his probation by testing positive for cocaine last month, and was sentenced to 180 days in jail.
Ask Kim Komando Q: I have Windows 98 and want the Internet Explorer upgrades (such as the built-in pop up advertisement blocker) that came with Service Pack 2. When will Microsoft release versions for all Windows users?
IBM Draws Power for Mid-Sized Biz IBM #39;s homegrown server processor, the Power5, continues its migration across an ever-widening range of systems; this time making its way to machines aimed at the upper edges of the SMB market, especially those firms in retail, finance, banking, and health 
AMD Describes Dual-Core Chips, Performance SAN JOSE -- As expected, Advanced Micro Devices unveiled its dual-core architecture Tuesday at the Fall Processor Forum, along with its first performance estimates.
Rescue effort for Canadian sub launched off Irish coast A major rescue effort has been launched off the coast of Ireland after a Canadian submarine sent a distress signal for assistance from the North Atlantic Ocean on Tuesday.
Israel/Occupied Territories: Excessive use of force Amnesty International is concerned about the deterioration of the human rights and humanitarian situation as a result of the Israeli army incursion in the Jabaliya refugee camp and surrounding areas in the northern Gaza Strip (including sectors in the 
Vikings RB Onterrio Smith Suspended  MINNEAPOLIS (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings running  back Onterrio Smith, who has been suspended four games for  violating the NFL's substance abuse policy, will begin serving  that suspension Sunday.
D.C. Councilmen, Residents Protest Baseball Plan  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Citizens' groups, residents and some  Washington, D.C., councilmen on Tuesday protested Mayor Anthony  Williams' proposed \$440 million baseball stadium plan, calling  it a "giveaway" to Major League Baseball.
Olympic Tennis Champ Massu Ousted in First Round  LYON, France (Reuters) - Top seed Nicolas Massu of Chile  was ousted in the first round of the Lyon Grand Prix, losing  6-3, 6-4 to Argentine Agustin Calleri Tuesday.
T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots The company is adding the 802.1x security standard throughout its hot-spot network.
CA pushes on-demand trend NEW YORK - Avoiding any mention of the accounting scandal that has rocked Computer Associates International Inc. (CA), interim Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Kenneth Cron used his keynote speech at the opening of TechXNY Tuesday to place the company at the center of the trend toward on-demand computing.
Lazard Meeting Ends Without IPO Decision (Reuters) Reuters - Lazard's board on Tuesday failed to\decide on a share sale that would end over 150 years of private\ownership at the independent investment bank but most partners\seemed to back the plan, sources close to the matter said.
U.S. Stocks Flat as Oil Spikes Over \$51  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were mostly flat on  Tuesday as record oil prices and economic data showing  slower-than-expected growth weighed on the markets.
Texas Roadhouse Shares Up on Market Debut  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Shares of restaurant operator Texas  Roadhouse Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXRH.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXRH.O&lt;/A&gt; soared as much as 28 percent in their  stock market debut on Tuesday after pricing above their  targeted range a day earlier.
UPS to Buy Menlo Worldwide for \$150M United Parcel Service Inc., the world #39;s largest package-delivery company, will buy CNF Inc. #39;s Menlo Worldwide Forwarding business for \$150 million, the companies said Tuesday.
Sharp shows off 65-inch LCD HDTV MAJOR JAPANESE manufacturer Sharp said it has succeeded in developing a 65-inch Aquos colour high definition LCD TV. The unit includes a 6.22 million dot panel and Sharp is showing it off at the Ceatec show in Japan this week.
US services sector expands at slower pace in September WASHINGTON : The vast US services sector grew at a slower pace in September as hurricanes and high energy prices inflicted pain, a survey showed.
Pulte drops earnings expectations Pulte Homes, the owner of Phoenix-based Del Webb, Tuesday announced a profit warning for the third quarter. Citing poor sales in Las Vegas, Pulte now expects third quarter earnings from continuing operations 
SAP, Infineon unveil RFID management system OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - German business software vendor SAP AG and chip maker Infineon Technologies AG today launched a new software management system for connecting radio frequency identification hardware and software from multiple vendors.
Grosjean, Kuerten will skip next month #39;s Paris Masters Paris, France (Sports Network) - French favorite Sebastien Grosjean and three- time Roland Garros champion Gustavo Kuerten of Brazil will not play in next month #39;s Paris Masters due to injuries.
Australia begin quest to conquer  #39;final frontier #39; India and Australia go into Wednes-day #39;s first Test here without their first-choice teams amid growing concern about both the incle-ment weather and how the wicket will play.
Sanderson joins Iowa State coaching staff Ames, IA (Sports Network) - Former Iowa State standout wrestler Cael Sanderson has joined the school as an assistant for the upcoming season.
Sheffield unknowingly used steroid Gary Sheffield admitted to unknowingly using an illegal steroid during the 2002 season, becoming the first Major Leaguer involved in the BALCO investigation to do so.
Megawati accepts election result There is still some political uncertainty in Indonesia despite a speech by President Megawati Sukarnoputri in which she said the election result has to be accepted by all.
US: UN Gaza Resolution Not Balanced UNITED NATIONS Oct. 5, 2004 - The United States said Tuesday a draft Security Council resolution by Arab states demanding and end to a large-scale Israeli offensive in Gaza was not balanced and vowed that the measure will not go forward.
Former Enron asst treasurer strikes plea deal A former assistant treasurer at Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to plead guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud on Tuesday and will cooperate with 
Flight 001 To Outer Space Now Boarding MOJAVE, Calif., Oct. 4--The PM.Zone was on the scene again today to watch aeronautical engineer and designer Burt Rutan and his crew at Scaled Composites in Mojave, Calif.
IBM #39;s Meyerson: Chip industry needs a  #39;Plan B #39; The days of relying on shrinking transistors to achieve performance gains are over, and the chip industry needs to enter a new era of innovation where system-level features are just as important as thinner transistor gates, said IBM Corp.
NetContinuum rolls Web app, Web services security Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Schools, Libraries Internet Aid Delayed (AP) AP - An accounting change that could cost schools and libraries an estimated  #36;1 billion in aid drew fire Tuesday from senators who said they were blindsided by the move.
A look around the Big 12 Is the Oklahoma defense a notch below its predecessors? Is Texas #39; offense a step-ahead? Why is Texas Tech feeling good about itself despite its recent loss?
IBM Adds Biometrics to ThinkPads (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has announced a new ThinkPad notebook line that will use biometrics for added security. Due for release on October 19th, certain models of the ThinkPad T42 will have embedded fingerprint readers that will allow users to sign on using fingerprints rather than passwords.
Warlord politics heats Afghan vote As the hometown of the current Afghan president, Kandahar should be wrapped up for Hamid Karzai. But look around, and 
UK #39;s Blair to Put Africa at Heart of the G-8 Agenda in 2005 UK Prime Minister Tony Blair this week will put efforts to curb disease and poverty in Africa at the center of the agenda of the Group of Eight industrial nations next year.
Intel Pushes Further into Mobile Space (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Intel has served notice that it will be a major player in the emerging\smartphone market, announcing a collaboration with leading handset maker
IBM Rolls Out Low-End Express Servers (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Taking aim at mid-market businesses, as well as its competition in the server space, IBM (NYSE: IBM) is delivering two new Unix-based products designed to meet the company's cost-conscious Express guidelines.
Conservationists Appeal for Deep Sea Trawling Ban (Reuters) Reuters - Environmentalists appealed on Tuesday\for the United Nations to stop a handful of the world's fishing\nations ravaging ocean beds to put delicacies on the plates of\the rich.
SpaceShipOne Wins  #36;10 Million Prize with Flight (Reuters) Reuters - The world's first privately\funded manned spacecraft soared to the blackened frontiers of\space for the second time in a week on Monday, setting a new\altitude record and clinching a  #36;10 million prize designed to\spur commercial space travel
U.S. Stocks Flat as Oil Spikes Over  #36;51 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks were mostly flat on\Tuesday as record oil prices and economic data showing\slower-than-expected growth weighed on the markets.
Martha Stewart Witness Acquitted on Perjury Charges A Secret Service ink expert was found not guilty Tuesday of lying on the witness stand during the Martha Stewart trial.
Growth in U.S., European Service Sectors Slows The service sectors in the United States, Europe and Britain all posted the slowest growth in more than a year in September, surveys of purchasing managers showed Tuesday, suggesting global growth may be cooling.
Microsoft's Ballmer takes things in stride On a European tour, the CEO weighs in on threats ranging from Linux and EU regulators to music pirates and "bad people out there in cyberspace."
Briefly: Macromedia giving away Flex roundup Plus: T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots...Slashdot dips into politics...IBM releases low-cost Unix servers.
CORRECTED - UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide Forwarding In NEW YORK item, please read headline as ...UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide Forwarding... instead of ...UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide for cash,debt... (Clarifies that UPS buying just a unit, not whole of Menlo Worldwide).
Update 1: Ex-Enron Assistant Treasurer Is Charged A former assistant treasurer Enron Corp. was charged Tuesday with conspiracy for allegedly helping make the energy company #39;s financial picture appear rosier than it really was.
Drug Stocks Mixed, Outpacing Dow Pharmaceutical stocks were mixed in afternoon trading, performing slightly better than the Dow Jones Industrial Average but seeing sharp declines in smaller stocks on clinical trial snags.
Microsoft, PalmOne ink deal for mobile email services NEW YORK, October 5 (newratings.com) - Microsoft Corporation (MSFT.NAS) and PalmOne Inc have announced a new licensing deal to enable mobile email services on PalmOne #39;s Treo smart phones.
Gordon Cooper, Mercury Mission Astronaut, Dies at 77 Gordon Cooper, one of seven original US astronauts, died yesterday at his home in Ventura, Calif., at age 77. In the 1960s, with the nation determined to prevail in a space race with the Soviet 
Soccer: Owen on track for crack at critics and Wales MANCHESTER, England : Michael Owen is confident of recovering from a back injury in time to line up for England against Wales in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford.
Earnhardt penalized for cursing, knocked out of Nextel Cup lead NASCAR star Dale Earnhardt Jr. was fined and knocked out of first place today for a slip of the tongue. Earnhardt was docked 25 points and fined \$10,000 by NASCAR for cursing during a TV interview after his victory at Talladega Superspeedway on Sunday.
Playoffs present new challenge for Angels ANAHEIM ---- The Anaheim Angels began their off-day workout for the American League divisional series Monday with a gentle breeze blowing through Angel Stadium and flipping the flag from their 2002 World Series championship in center field.
Israel Arrests 13 UN Employees - Army Israel has arrested 13 UN employees and plans to indict them for  quot;suspected links to terrorism, quot; an Israeli army officer said Tuesday.
Gadgets galore at Japan show photo gallery CEATAC exhibition features electronic gear from a 65-inch TV to a fuel cell-powered mobile phone.
IBM's Meyerson: Chip industry needs a 'Plan B' SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA - The days of relying on shrinking transistors to achieve performance gains are over, and the chip industry needs to enter a new era of innovation where system-level features are just as important as thinner transistor gates, said IBM Corp.'s Bernie Meyerson in a keynote address at the Fall Processor Forum Tuesday.
PeopleSoft #39;s Courtroom Confession You #39;d think that after the disaster Jean-Marie Messier created at Vivendi (NYSE: V) by overhyping the prospects of an aging French water utility, no executive would ever again resort to lying about his company #39;s prospects.
US Measure to Regulate Tobacco in Doubt Senators conceded on Tuesday they faced an uphill battle to win the power for the Food and Drug Administration to regulate nicotine and tobacco products, due to strong 
Update 1: Camden Property to Buy Summit Properties Camden Property Trust has agreed to buy Summit Properties Inc., a rival owner of upscale apartments, for about \$1.1 billion. The two real-estate investment trusts Monday said the merger creates the country #39;s 
UPDATE 2-White House expects upward revision to jobs data The White House expects revised data due on Friday to show job creation from March 2003 to March 2004 was much more robust than thought, economists who received 
Yahoo Search Gets Personal, Too Following in the footsteps of search rivals Ask Jeeves and Amazon.com #39;s A9, Yahoo on Tuesday unveiled a beta version of a toolset that personalizes searching the portal and the Web.
Sun Drives Multithreaded Processor Innovation with New UltraSPARC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Throughput Computing is the underlying strategy of Sun #39;s new family of UltraSPARC processors designed to significantly increase real-world application performance.
Computer Associates Temp CEO Outlines Growth Plans With its most serious legal troubles apparently behind it, Computer Associates is once again focusing on growth and new ways of packaging and delivering its products, interim CEO Ken Cron said in an interview on Tuesday.
AMD spells out dual core features CHIP FIRM AMD has revealed more details of the dual core processors it expects to introduce next year. The firm presented at the Processor Forum in San Jose earlier today, and, according to EE Times, revealed some further details of its plans.
Owen says he can still score for England despite rocky Madrid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Michael Owen hasn #39;t scored yet for Real Madrid, but he #39;s sure he can still contribute for England. Owen, who picked up a lower back injury in Real Madrid #39;s 1-0 weekend loss to Deportivo 
Canadian Charmaine Hooper nominated for FIFA World Player of the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ZURICH (CP) - Canadian veteran Charmaine Hooper is one of 21 women on a short list for FIFA #39;s women #39;s World Player of the Year award, the world governing body of soccer announced Tuesday.
NASCAR point dock for swear drops Little E into 2nd in Nextel Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Daytona Beach, Florida-AP) Oct. 5, 2004 - A slip of the tongue has cost Dale Earnhardt, Junior, first place in the Nextel Cup standings.
NBA great Pippen retires after 17 seasons (Deerfield, Illinois-AP) Oct. 5, 2004 - Scottie Pippen has called it quits. Pippen has announced his retirement as a member of the Chicago Bulls, who he helped lead to six NBA titles alongside Michael Jordan.
Fire breaks out on Canadian submarine A Canadian submarine off the coast of Ireland was forced to call for assistance from the British Royal Navy after a small fire broke out on board, it is reported here Tuesday.
Experience has taught US not to enter dangerous territory &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEHRAN (MNA) -- Expediency Council Chairman Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani said here Tuesday that he was confident that experience has taught the United States not to dare to attack Iran.
Israel arrests 13 UN employees Israel  arrests 13 UN employees on suspicion of "links to terrorism" but does not give  their nationalities.
Gordon Cooper, NASA Mercury Pioneer, Dies LOS ANGELES - Gordon Cooper, the last astronaut to take flight during NASA's pioneering Mercury program, has died. He was 77...
Amendment Banning La. Gay Marriage Tossed BATON ROUGE, La. - A state judge Tuesday threw out a Louisiana constitutional amendment banning gay marriage...
PeopleSoft's Courtroom Confession PeopleSoft's board is willing to talk about a deal if the price is right.
PARMALAT: NEXT HEARING SCHEDULED OCT. 29 (AGI) - Milan, Italy, Oct. 5 - A preliminary court hearing in the Parmalat case was held today. Judge Tacconi scheduled the next hearing on October 29.
UPDATE 1-Former Enron asst treasurer strikes plea deal A former assistant treasurer at Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to plead guilty to conspiracy to committing securities fraud on Tuesday and will cooperate 
UPDATE 2-CNF sells freight forwarding unit to UPS Transport group CNF Inc. (CNF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it sold its Menlo Worldwide Forwarding unit to United Parcel Service Inc.
Intel, Nokia, Symbian Drive to 3G Future Hoping to solidify the often-diverse smartphone marketplace, three high tech companies said they are collaborating on future 3G (define) developments.
Yahoo CEO Sees No Need to Join Media Merger Frenzy (Reuters) Reuters - In an era of widespread media\consolidation, Internet media company Yahoo Inc. \believes television networks, movie studios and music companies\should look to it as a partner rather than a merger candidate,\Yahoo Chief Executive Terry Semel said on Tuesday.
Newcastle meets Sporting Lisbon LONDON -- Italian hopefuls Lazio will take on Villarreal, Newcastle United faces Sporting Lisbon and two former winners will meet when Schalke 04 plays Feyenoord after Tuesday #39;s draw for the group stage of the UEFA Cup.
The mother of all sponsorships Emirates Airline and Arsenal Football Club have signed the biggest club sponsorship in football history, collectively worth about 100 million (Rs 816.
Gates: Microsoft To Target Malware (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is working on the development of a product to remove adware and malicious software from PCs, Bill Gates told a meeting of technologists in Silicon Valley.
Can the Pony Ride Again? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Remember 1965? We had Vietnam and Watts, free love, Vatican II, the Beatles, Joan Baez. And we had the Mustang. Back then cars were really important, and the Ford 1965 Mustang, introduced at the New York World's Fair in April 1964, created a wave of car excitement in America never seen before or since. The Mustang and its evangelist, Lee Iacocca, were on the covers of Time and Newsweek the same week.
SpaceShipOne Wins Ten-Million-Dollar X Prize SpaceShipOne, the world's first privately built manned spacecraft, completed its third round-trip journey to space today, laying claim to the ten-million-dollar (U.S.) Ansari X Prize.
Hawk Watch: Where to See Fall's Migrating Raptors While leaves tumble from trees this fall, another natural wonder is soaring overhead. Hawks in North and South America are taking to the air as part of a seasonal migration.
Reliving Lewis and Clark: Conflicts With the Sioux This September things suddenly got interesting for reenactors retracing the route of Lewis and Clark up the Missouri: Reliving the journey also meant reliving conflicts with the Sioux Indians.
An Opportunity From Chiron's Misfortune? Plus, PeopleSoft's courtroom confession, and Wal-Mart looks overseas.
Shackin' Up With Big Sam RadioShack signs a deal to operate wireless phone kiosks in Sam's Club locations.
Via to throw hat in 64-bit x86 chip ring Taiwanese firm makes mulitmedia performance a key measure of its upcoming processor.
EarthLink to offer free Net telephony The ISP's new software supports speed dialing, caller ID, three-way calling, hold capability and call logs.
Visa, MasterCard Lose High Court Appeal, Amex and Discover may be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Do you already feel like your mailbox is clogged full of free checks and offers for low introductory rates for new credit cards?
Viacom enters US Hispanic radio Viacom Inc. said Tuesday it will sell a radio station to Spanish Broadcasting System Inc. for a 10 percent stake in SBS, marking Viacom #39;s entry into the US Hispanic radio market.
AT amp;T Wireless Launches Online Music Store AT amp;T Wireless launched this week an online music service that provides instant gratification to subscribers who hear a tune they can #39;t wait to download.
Sun Launches UltraSPARC IV Sun Microsytems Inc. on Tuesday unveiled an upgrade of its dual-core UltraSPARC processor, which the company claims is twice as fast as the older version.
EarthLink to offer free net telephony ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Earthlink on Tuesday said it now distributes software that lets people make free unlimited calls over a broadband connection.
PeopleSoft board opens up to Oracle SAN FRANCISCO - While it has so far rejected each of Oracle Corp.'s takeover offers, PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors is willing to talk about a deal at the right price, a member of PeopleSoft's board said Tuesday.
12-0 Auburn, 10-1 Cal big losers in BCS The controversy smoldering over the continuing inability of the Bowl Championship Series to set up an undisputed national title game couldn #39;t overshadow Sunday #39;s big news for South Florida.
iMac G5:  #147;Marvel on the Inside, too #148;  #147;The new G5 iMac is the finest personal computer I #146;ve ever used, hands down, #148; writes Mike Wendland for the Detroit Free Press.  #147;Nothing comes close. If you have ever thought of switching from a Windows-based PC to a Mac, this is the deal-clincher. It is simply a stunning machine both to look at and to use. #148; Oct 05
Sony Nixes Copy-Protected CDs in Japan (AP) AP - Sony Corp.'s Japanese music unit says it will no longer sell CDs with built-in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years.
Cal #39;s demoted to Holiday Bowl It was just another Bowl Championship Series selection Sunday, as unhappy teams from coast-to-coast once again sparked debate about the BCS, even if there were mostly agreement that USC and Oklahoma 
Syrian President Shuffles His Cabinet (AP) AP - President Bashar Assad shuffled his Cabinet on Monday, just weeks after the United States and the United Nations challenged Syria over its military presence in Lebanon and the security situation along its border with Iraq.
U.S., Iraqi Forces Open New Offensive Iraqi insurgents attacked a U.S. convoy with a car bomb in the northern city of Mosul and killed an American soldier with a roadside bomb near Baghdad, Iraqi and U.S. authorities reported today.
135 arrested in telemarketing probe WASHINGTON - More than 135 people have been arrested in an investigation of global telemarketing scams that have victimized 5 million people, many of them elderly, Attorney General John Ashcroft said Tuesday.
Martha ink expert found not guilty In a major blow to Martha Stewart, the government ink expert who testified during her trial was found not guilty of perjury after less than two days of jury deliberations.
Oil Surges to Record, Breaching \$51 a Barrel, on Supply Concern Crude oil prices surged to a record, exceeding \$51 a barrel in New York for the first time, amid concern that hurricane damage to production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico will keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs.
Cardinals Drum Dodgers in Playoff Opener (AP) AP - Larry Walker and the St. Louis Cardinals turned Game 1 into a slugfest, and that was big trouble for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Walker homered twice and the Cardinals tied a postseason record by hitting five home runs, overwhelming Odalis Perez and the Dodgers in an 8-3 blowout Tuesday in the opener of their NL playoff series.
Yank Heavy Hitter Sheffield Fan Favorite (AP) AP - Gary Sheffield emerged from the trainer's room after games, his left shoulder wrapped in bandages that resembled football pads. Most days, one or two fingers were taped, too.
Intel Links Up With Symbian After seeing little success with the reference designs it created for Microsoft #39;s smartphone platform, Intel will now work with Symbian to create reference platforms for 3G handsets.
Sony abandons copy-control CDs SONY #39;S music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
McAmmond signs AHL contract EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ (Ticker) -- An NHL lockout did not stop general manager Lou Lamoriello from conducting some business. The New Jersey Devils signed left wing Dean McAmmond to an American Hockey League contract with Albany on Tuesday.
Opportunistic Defense Helps Jets Improve (AP) AP - When Jets coach Herman Edwards started reviewing the many problems that plagued his defense last year, one glaring weakness jumped out at him.
Crisis talks in Paris as concerns grow for kidnapped French &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS (AFP) -- As hopes dimmed that two French journalists held captive in Iraq would be freed soon, French President Jacques Chirac was to discuss the crisis Sunday with his foreign minister, who returned from a mission to the Middle East with no news of 
Iraq town struggles back to life after US assault Iraqi security forces and American troops have been patrolling the battered streets of Samarra as normal life began returning after a US-led assault wrested the city from rebels.
Cherrad Banned by FIFA for Ref Insult (AP) AP - FIFA banned Algeria's Abdelmalek Cherrad on Tuesday for four matches for insulting a referee during an African World Cup qualifying match against Gabon.
Devils Sign LW Dean McAmmond to AHL Deal (AP) AP - The New Jersey Devils signed veteran left wing Dean McAmmond to a contract to play with Albany of the AHL.
U.S. Open to Return to Congressional (AP) AP - The U.S. Open will return to Congressional Country Club in 2011.
Fed's McTeer: U.S. Economy Back on Track (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy is on track\after a weak stretch and an uptick in consumer prices seems to\have passed, Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert\McTeer said on Tuesday.
PalmOne/Microsoft Deal Not Good For Good NEW YORK - Microsoft and PalmOne today announced a partnership that will likely have a negative impact on Good Technology, a well-capitalized startup with eyes on a public offering.
Sony Nixes Copy-Protected CDs in Japan Sony Corp. #39;s Japanese music unit says it will no longer sell CDs with built-in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years.
Opportunistic defense helps Jets improve When Jets coach Herman Edwards started reviewing the many problems that plagued his defense last year, one glaring weakness jumped out at him.
Onterrio Smith to begin 4-game suspension Minnesota Vikings running back Onterrio Smith will miss the next four games for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy. Smith was notified by the league Tuesday that he will 
Wolfowitz Recalls Nazi Crimes Vs. Poland US Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz compared the crimes of Saddam Hussein to the atrocities of the Nazi and Stalinist eras in a speech in Warsaw on Tuesday, and argued that the Sept.
Crude oil prices top \$US51 a barrel Oil prices darted above \$US51 a barrel Tuesday as output in the Gulf of Mexico remained in shambles more than two weeks after Hurricane Ivan tore through the region.
Oil Prices Pressure US Stocks Uneasy investors sold stocks mostly lower on Wall Street today as oil prices climbed above 51 per barrel, creating new worries that rising energy costs would curb consumer spending and corporate profits.
Singapore selldown of Air NZ well anticipated by market Singapore International Airline #39;s (SIA) selldown of its 6.3 per cent stake in Air New Zealand, announced yesterday, seems to have been well anticipated by the sharemarket.
Hundreds Arrested in Telemarketing Scheme An international investigation of telemarketing fraud schemes has resulted in the arrests of more than 135 people in cases involving more than 5 million victims, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced Tuesday.
Kodak to cut jobs in England, France Eastman Kodak Co. will close a plant in England, shut down product lines in France and make other shifts in the two countries as part of the company #39;s historic push into digital imaging.
EarthLink Offers Free VoIP Calls Officials at EarthLink (Quote, Chart) rolled out an expansion of its VoIP (define) service for broadband users Tuesday, giving its 1.2 million high-speed users unlimited free calls to other SIP-enabled (define) phones.
Sony Abandons Copy-Control Music CDs Sony #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Playoff Capsules Larry Walker homered twice and the St. Louis Cardinals tied a postseason record by hitting five home runs, overwhelming Odalis Perez and the Los Angeles Dodgers in an 8-3 blowout Tuesday in the opener of their NL playoff series.
Pierce, Hantuchova win; Zvonareva driven out of Porsche event Filderstadt, Germany (Sports Network) - Former champion Mary Pierce of France and 2002 runner-up Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia were opening-round winners on Tuesday, but sixth-seeded Russian Vera Zvonareva was an upset victim at the \$650,000 Porsche 
Klitschkos to go it alone WBC champion Vitali Klitschko and his younger brother Wladimir have announced plans to promote their own fights. The Ukrainian heavyweights are in a court battle to end their contract with German promoter Klaus-Peter Kohl.
Picking your poison Once again the New York Yankees finished the division race in their customary position, first place. However, the road to the top of the first mountain peak wasnt as easy as the 101-61 record would indicate.
Houston vs. Atlanta The plot: Although some of the key players aren #39;t familiar to fans, the Braves are no strangers to the playoffs. Their unprecedented streak of 13 consecutive postseason appearances 
Iran Says Its Missiles Can Now Reach 1,250 Miles Iran has increased the range of its missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying on Tuesday, putting parts of Europe within reach for the first time.
Deadly car bombs explode in Ramadi, Mosul A second car bombing in the Iraqi city of Ramadi has left four people dead and possibly injured a US soldier. Hospital officials say the booby-trapped car exploded as a US military convoy passed by.
Brazil Solid Candidate #39; for UN Council, Powell Says (Update2) The US considers Brazil a solid candidate #39; #39; to join an enlarged United Nations Security Council, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said.
U.S. Urges Rationing of Flu Shots as Supply Is Slashed Officials said that most healthy adults should delay or skip flu shots so that people most at risk can get scarce supplies.
Iraqi labour movement makes global debut with tough task ahead (AFP) AFP - Iraqi labour unions making their global debut at a conference in Japan are seeking tips on their tough task -- how to make workers aware of rights suppressed for years by Saddam Hussein.
House GOP Seeks to Quash Draft Rumor (AP) AP - WASHINGTON  #151; House Republicans sought Tuesday to quash an undying Internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, hoping with a vote to kill legislation that would do it, and the rumor as well.
World's Top Game Players Battle for Cash (AP) AP - For the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough.
Microsoft CEO: Merger Strategy Unchanged (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  is still\targeting smaller companies for acquisitions, despite\speculation that now-scuttled merger talks with business\software giant SAP AG  signaled a shift in strategy,\Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said on Tuesday.
Infineon Execs Jailed for Price Fixing Four executives at German chipmaker Infineon were jailed today on charges of engaging in illegal price fixing of PC memory chips according to the US Department of Justice.
Stocks Fall As Oil Surpasses \$51 a Barrel Uneasy investors sold stocks mostly lower Tuesday as oil prices climbed above \$51 per barrel, creating new worries that rising energy costs would curb consumer spending and corporate profits.
Hundreds Arrested in Telemarketing Scheme More than 135 people have been arrested in an investigation of global telemarketing scams that have victimized 5 million people, many of them elderly, Attorney General John Ashcroft said Tuesday.
Online Stock Trading Gets Cheaper Doing business from home is about to get easier. Charles Schwab Corp. will lower fees next month in a move that could trigger a price war as online brokers battle for customers.
Next for Private Spaceflight: Tourist Ships After flying successfully three times in space, SpaceShipOne is in demand as an alternative way to fly people and small payloads to suborbital space.
Gates Chats Up DRM, Web Services MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) chairman and chief software architect said the move to Web services (define) could ease the Internet #39;s security woes and that digital rights management can balance out piracy.
Tennis: Seeds tumble as Zvonareva crashes out of Filderstadt FILDERSTADT, Germany : Russian Vera Zvonareva became the second seed to crash out of the 650,000-dollar WTA event falling to a straight sets 6-3, 7-5 first round defeat against compatriot Elena Likhovtseva.
Australian FM plays down Poland's announcement on Iraq withdrawal (AFP) AFP - Foreign Minister Alexander Downer has declined to reveal any timetable for a possible withdrawal of Australian troops from Iraq following a statement by Poland that it is aiming for a pullout by the end of next year.
Landmine kills Afghan policemen Seven Afghan policemen are killed by a landmine in the Kandahar province, ahead of landmark elections.
Fujitsu, Cisco team up to provide IP network products in Japan TOKYO (AFP) - Japan #39;s Fujitsu and Cisco Systems of the US said they have agreed to form a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable businesses to build advanced Internet Protocol (IP) networks.
Hormone Leptin May Treat Infertility BOSTON - An appetite-curbing hormone that failed to live up to its early buzz as a possible key to slowing obesity is now being probed as a potential aid for women who suffer from infertility and eating disorders.   "This represents essentially a new era for leptin," said Dr...
Rock's Recluse Wilson Center Stage Again LOS ANGELES - If Brian Wilson could change just one thing in life, it wouldn't be the legendary emotional traumas, the insecurities, the drug abuse, the battles with weight or the endless legal conflicts that nearly destroyed him.   "I would have made the rhythm of 'California Girls' a little better," Wilson deadpans...
Edwards, Cheney to Meet in Only VP Debate CLEVELAND - Both presidential campaigns are looking for a boost at the other's expense Tuesday when Vice President Dick Cheney and Democratic rival John Edwards square off for the only vice presidential debate of the 2004 election.    Most of the pre-debate talk was about Iraq...
White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning: An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion.    Four weeks before Election Day, Democrat John Kerry pounced on the acknowledgment by former Iraq administrator Paul Bremer that the United States had "paid a big price" for insufficient troop levels...
U.S., Iraqi Force Seizes Suspected Rebels BAGHDAD, Iraq - More than 3,000 U.S. and Iraqi forces launched a major operation Tuesday against insurgent strongholds just south of Baghdad in an area notorious for kidnappings and ambushes...
AT T looks into closing Windows A team of researchers is evaluating how Linux and Mac OS X stack up against Windows for internal use.
Ballmer takes on the troublemakers CEO weighs in on Linux, EU regulators, music pirates and "bad people out there in cyberspace."
PeopleSoft board opens up to Oracle While it has so far rejected each of Oracle Corp. #39;s takeover offers, PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board of directors is willing to talk about a deal at the right price, a member of PeopleSoft #39;s board said Tuesday.
AlphaSmart cuts earnings view due to lower demand LOS GATOS, Calif. (Dow Jones/AP) -- AlphaSmart Inc. stock set a year-low Tuesday after the maker of simple computers cut its 2004 outlook, citing lower-than-anticipated demand in the education market.
Fed chairman makes no comments on monetary policy WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- US banks have learned painful lessons from crises and competition and have adapted to succeed in today #39;s economy, Alan Greenspan told an audience of bankers on Tuesday.
Kodak Seeks \$1 Billion from Sun in Java Suit Eastman Kodak #39;s patent-infringement lawsuit against Sun Microsystems now moves into the penalty phase, as the jury considers whether to award Kodak as much as \$1 billion in damages.
AT amp;T Denies Move Away from Windows  quot;The security and virus argument for Linux and against Windows is real, but in many, though not all, aspects, that #39;s a reflection of how much more widely Windows is deployed, quot; said Gordon Haff, Illuminata senior analyst.
Steelers' Bell Out for at Least Two Weeks (AP) AP - In his fourth NFL season, Kendrell Bell is reliving his sophomore jinx. The playmaking inside linebacker for the Pittsburgh Steelers will miss at least the next two games with what is now being called a sports hernia.
Coleman insists start must  quot;wake up and smell the coffee quot; Fulham boss Chris Coleman will use the forthcoming break for World Cup qualifying to rally his beleaguered troops and plot an end to the club #39;s dismal start to the season.
Tigers exercise option to keep Trammell for 2006 The Detroit Tigers exercised their option on manager Alan Trammell #39;s three-year contract Tuesday, keeping him with the team through the 2006 season.
Mourning Takes It Easy in First Practice (AP) AP - Alonzo Mourning wasn't ready Tuesday to put too much strain on his body, and the New Jersey Nets weren't rushing Mourning along in his attempt to become the second NBA player to return after a kidney transplant.
Arab nations demand end to Israeli raids As a massive Israeli offensive continues in the Gaza Strip, Arab nations at the United Nations have proposed a resolution demanding an end to the assault.
Irish passport given to Bigley to save his life Irelands government has granted British hostage, Kenneth Bigley, an Irish passport; responding to his family #39;s calls which hopes that stressing his Irish origin will convince his kidnappers to release him.
Blair Seeks to Prick World Conscience on Africa Britain hopes to use a summit in Ethiopia this week to force an international community obsessed with Iraq and terrorism to also focus on the  quot;scar quot; of Africa.
Ohio St. Regroups After Northwestern Loss (AP) AP - After losing to Northwestern for the first time in 33 years, there is plenty of blame to go around for Ohio State.
Annika Appeals to All Golfers in New Book (AP) AP - Ernie Els was intrigued when he saw the cover of the book, showing Annika Sorenstam looming large with a club over her shoulder and a smile on her face.
Tech edges ahead at Japan show At CEATEC, Sony unveils a home server packed with a terabyte of storage. Also: Networking via ordinary light fixtures?
Cardinals Start Strong The Cardinals overwhelm Odalis Perez and the Dodgers in an 8-3 blowout in the opener of their NL playoff series.
Siebel to push customer education to make CRM work Siebel Systems today unveiled a series of initiatives to help companies roll out software implementations more successfully and consolidate customer views in real time.
PeopleSoft board willing to talk to Oracle While it has rejected each of Oracle Corp.'s takeover offers today, PeopleSoft's board of directors is willing to talk about a deal at the right price, a member of the company's board said today.
Bush signs extension to R D tax credit The R D tax credit, first passed as a temporary measure in 1981, has been extended 11 times and allows U.S. companies conducting research and development activities to get a tax credit of up to 10 of R D spending.
Radisson Hotels unveils online check-in service Using a new "Express Yourself" system, guests at Radisson Hotels   Resorts can now check in via the Web at their convenience and provide preferences in advance of their arrival, eliminating the traditional hotel check-in process.
New Toshiba notebooks highlight long-running trend U.S. consumers don't want to pay for low-power, high-performance chip.
New systems cut cell phone finger work Several companies ease burden of using Internet via cell phones.
Flash memory abounds in PalmOne's Tungsten T5 Total of 256MB of memory saves data when batteries die.
SAP, Infineon unveil RFID management system The new platform is designed to help companies speed the deployment of smart-tag systems and cut the costs of managing both hardware and software components from several suppliers.
Users: Information life-cycle management standards needed IT managers at this week's ILM Solutions Conference said information life-cycle strategies are still a work in progress.
IBM touts new Power5 servers IBM today launched a pair of high-performance, low-priced Unix servers and related security services that are aimed at small to medium-size businesses.
Rackable Systems adds new NAS to line Rackable Systems has added to its line of NAS solutions with its new S3116-NAS server appliance. The new NAS server is designed for datacenters looking for a high-performance SATA system at an affordable price, according to Geoffrey Noer, senior director of storage products at Rackable Systems. Companies using expensive Fibre Channel-based storage can migrate older projects to a lower-cost Rackable Systems NAS, Noer said. Other uses include disk-based backup, small and medium business workgroups, and applications such as seismic processing and video rendering, he said.
Tools wrap: Web services, e-commerce, XML touted Systinet, Amazon, and Altova this week are announcing tools geared toward development of Web services, e-commerce, and XML applications, respectively.
Bonds Slip as McTeer Counters Oil Rally (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices eased on Tuesday\as upbeat comments from a Federal Reserve Bank president\balanced weaker-than-expected results from the U.S. services\sector and record high crude oil prices.
Yum Profit Up, Raises View (Reuters) Reuters - Yum Brands Inc.  on Tuesday\said quarterly earnings rose 13 percent and raised its profit\forecast for the year as strong sales at its fast-food chains\helped offset a run-up in commodity costs.
Open Text Revises 1Q Lower Business software maker Open Text Corp. lowered first-quarter expectations Tuesday due to a number of deals that will fail to close during the period.
AT amp;T looks into closing Windows com October 5, 2004, 2:09 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Rome Defends Sending Migrants Straight Back ROME, Oct. 5. - Italy has defended its new policy of airlifting illegal immigrants straight back to Libya the maoment they set foot on Italian soil as an emergency measure.
PeopleSoft Says Its Board May Consider an Oracle Takeover Offer PeopleSoft Inc. said it #39;s willing to discuss a bid by Oracle Corp. at the right #39; #39; price, the first time officials have raised the possibility of ending the companies #39; 16-month takeover fight.
Yum Profit Up, Raises View Yum Brands Inc. (YUM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 13 percent and raised its profit forecast for the year as strong sales at its fast-food chains helped offset a run-up in commodity costs.
Key Martha witness found not guilty A government ink expert was found not guilty of lying on the witness stand during Stewart #39;s trial. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Larry Stewart, a government witness who testified against Martha Stewart, was found not guilty Tuesday on all counts of perjury.
Astronaut Gordon Cooper dies WASHINGTON, OCTOBER 5: Gordon Cooper, 77, one of the seven US astronauts who made the nations first manned spaceflights and became known as possessors of The Right Stuff, died on Monday at his home in Ventura, Calif.
 quot;Smoking Louse quot; Rewrites Human Evolution They #39;re tiny and pesky, but also hold secrets to our evolution: Head lice have shown researchers that an extinct species of early human had direct contact with modern-day man 25,000 years ago.
CA Outlines Unicenter Efforts Computer Associates International plans to launch an upgraded version of its Unicenter management software  quot;just before the summer of 2005, quot; Ken Cron, CA #39;s interim CEO, said Tuesday.
Beckham gets warm welcome in Manchester David Beckham returned to Manchester today for a book signing, to promote a new edition of his autobiography. The footballer posed for photographers before signing copies of David Beckham: My Side for eager fans.
Zvonareva upset at Filderstadt behind 13 double faults Vera Zvonareva #39;s bid to join four of her Russian compatriots in the top 10 of the WTA Tour rankings was slowed Tuesday at the Porsche Grand Prix when she double faulted 13 times in a loss to Elena Likhovtseva.
US says Iran #39;s missile is threat The US State Department Tuesday said iran #39;s missile program posed a threat to the region and US interests. The United States has had and continues to have serious concerns about Iran #39;s missile program, department deputy spokesman Adam Ereli said.
Task for Indonesian leader: Fight terror, but not for US While Iraq remains the controversial center of debate about the war against terrorism, Indonesia is quietly emerging under its new leader as a potentially significant counter to Islamic extremism.
Afghanistan hits fever pitch as warlords turn  #39;democrat #39; From the thriving centre of Kabul to remote mountain villages, Afghans go to the polls on Saturday still under the shadow of the old regimes.
Wariness over Turkey #39;s EU bid As the European Union approaches a contentious decision - whether to let Turkey join the club - the Continent #39;s rulers seem to have left their citizens behind.
Cypriot protests after Israeli jets force airliner into flight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LARNACA, Cyprus, Oct 5 (AFP) - The Cypriot authorities issued a strong protest Tuesday after Israeli warplanes forced a German airliner into their flight control zone without prior authorization amid a bomb alert.
Massachusetts Pension Fund Rehires Putnam (AP) AP - Putnam Investments, which was fired from managing  #36;1.7 billion in Massachusetts pension investments during the mutual fund scandal, is returning as a money manager in its home state after adopting reforms intended to ensure fair trading.
Wal-Mart CEO Sees Strong Finish to Year (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s  Chief\Executive Lee Scott is "optimistic" about the holiday season\and expects a "strong finish" to the year, he said on Tuesday.
AT T looks into closing its Windows A team of researchers is evaluating how Linux and Mac OS X stack up against Windows for internal use.
Homebuilder Stocks Among Biggest Losers Homebuilder stocks were the biggest losers among the 86 sectors of the Dow Jones indexes Monday after jittery investors began selling off the stocks over concerns about price cuts in the booming Las Vegas housing market.
Smartphone industry gathers for Symbian Expo Symbian Expo, London, UK - 5 October 2004 -ymbian, developer of Symbian OS, the market-leading mobile phone operating system today opened the Symbian Expo  - smartphone show.
France call up Luyindula Marseille #39;s DR Congo-born striker Peguy Luyindula has been called up for France #39;s World Cup qualifier against Ireland. France coach Raymond Domenech picked Luyindula to replace Juventus striker David Trezeguet.
Mortars Hit Baghdad, US Strikes Sadr City Insurgents in Iraq fired several mortar rounds into central Baghdad Tuesday, as US forces hit insurgent targets in the Sadr City neighborhood.
US share prices skid on record oil price NEW YORK : US share prices struggled as the crude oil price gushed to a record high in New York, passing 51 dollars a barrel for the first time.
US CREDIT-Pulte #39;s price hike troubles likely fleeting Stockholders have pounded home builders this week on an earnings warning from Pulte Homes Inc., but credit investors believe the company #39;s Las Vegas troubles do 
Gordon Cooper, astronaut on final Mercury mission WASHINGTON Gordon Cooper, the astronaut who flew the last of the pioneering Mercury space missions and stayed aloft in a Gemini capsule long enough to demonstrate that a trip to the moon was feasible, died at his home in Ventura, California, NASA announced 
2 rival alliances formed Two groundbreaking alliances took shape in the mobile communications industry Tuesday as the largest players continued to vie for customers in the growing market for high-end phones.
iMac G5: The all-in-one computer redefined OCTOBER 05, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Editor #39;s note: Last month, Online News Editor Ken Mingis snagged one of the first iMac G5s and offered an early look at Apple #39;s latest desktop (see story).
Roundup: Pippen retires Scottie Pippen on Tuesday announced his retirement from the Chicago Bulls, the team he and Michael Jordan led to six NBA titles in the 1990s.
Premier League Slammed by Lma over Wigley Steve Wigley continues to face opposition to his role as Southampton head coach after the League Managers Association revealed their anger at a decision to let him stay on as Saints boss until the end of the season.
Penalty for on-air curse drops Earnhardt out of first place A slip of the tongue on TV cost Dale Earnhardt Jr. first place and \$10,000, penalties imposed by an increasingly image-conscious NASCAR.
Ricky Williams asks league to clarify his status Ricky Williams has asked the NFL for a hearing to clarify his playing status, a possible first step if the running back tries to return to the league.
Conditions on Turkey  #39;not new #39; BRUSSELS The European Commission will not set special conditions for Turkey when it decides on Wednesday whether to recommend opening membership talks with Ankara, the commission president, Romano Prodi, said on Tuesday.
Allawi sounds note of gravity on war BAGHDAD In his first speech before the interim national assembly here, Prime Minister Ayad Allawi gave a sobering account Tuesday of the threat posed by the insurgency, saying that the country #39;s instability was a  quot;source of worry for many people quot; and that 
Endangered black rhino hunting ban lifted A ban on hunting critically endangered black rhinoceros has been lifted by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, The Telegraph reported.
Britain welcomes Indo-Pak talks: Hoon Visiting British Defense Secretary Geoffrey Hoon Tuesday welcomed the on-going Indo-Pak dialogue process and said Britain is keenly watching the progress,according to the private News Network of International.
Microsoft Unveils News Version of MSN TV (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
Rackable Systems adds new NAS to line (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Rackable Systems has added to its line of NAS solutions with its new S3116-NAS server appliance. The new NAS server is designed for datacenters looking for a high-performance SATA system at an affordable price, according to Geoffrey Noer, senior director of storage products at Rackable Systems.  #8220;Companies using expensive Fibre Channel-based storage can migrate older projects to a lower-cost Rackable Systems NAS, #8221; Noer said. Other uses include disk-based backup, small and medium business workgroups, and applications such as seismic processing and video rendering, he said.
More circulation woes at Hollinger Hollinger International Inc. said Tuesday that it had found cases of inflated circulation at some of its newspapers, including the Jerusalem Post, in addition to previously disclosed problems at the Chicago Sun-Times.
SIA sells its stake in Air NZ for \$70m SINGAPORE Airlines is closing the book on an ill-fated and costly bid, starting four years ago, to gain a foothold in the lucrative Australian and New Zealand markets.
Wal-Mart CEO Sees Strong Finish to Year Wal-Mart Stores Inc. #39;s (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Chief Executive Lee Scott is  quot;optimistic quot; about the holiday season and expects a  quot;strong finish quot; to the year, he said on Tuesday.
Update 2: Ex-Enron Treasurer to Testify at Trial Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. drafted a letter in mid-June 2000 instructing Enron Corp. to wire \$7.5 million to a specified account by the end of that month to buy out the brokerage #39;s \$7 million investment in three barges.
Coming soon: full-scale DVD format war TOKYO - A full-scale war over DVD formats is only a matter of time - the electronics industry can smell it in the air. As the two opposing camps continue to recruit allies, negotiations are no longer about averting a confrontation.
Pippen retires as one of game #39;s best, not one of its most loved He had a body straight out of an NBA laboratory and a face like a Peruvian sun god. He was a versatile Swiss Army Knife who could shoot, pass and run the floor.
Arsenal get \$300m Emirates boost LONDON - In two years, Arsenal will play their home matches in the Emirates stadium. That is what their new stadium at Ashburton Grove will be called after the Premiership champions yesterday agreed to the 
Sports: Ricky Williams may be considering a return to football NEW YORK A source within the NFL says Ricky Williams is asking the league for a hearing to clarify his playing status. The former Miami running back announced his retirement just before training camp.
US Vetoes UN Measure Demanding Israel Leave Gaza The United States on Tuesday vetoed a draft UN Security Council resolution demanding an immediate end to Israeli military operations in the Gaza strip that have cost some 68 Palestinian lives.
Warlord politics heats Afghan vote President Karzai's rival gains ground by appealing to Afghanistan's former anti-Soviet resistance fighters.
Latest front for US forces: rural Iraq Volatile and remote areas outside the Sunni triangle are now being scoured by US and Iraqi troops.
R. Kelly and Jay-Z Reluctantly Unite ROSEMONT, Ill. - The handwritten script appeared slowly at first, unspooling across the wide-screen video monitors inside the Allstate Arena as if scrawled by some giant, invisible hand...
House GOP Seeks to Quash Draft Rumor WASHINGTON - House Republicans sought Tuesday to quash an undying Internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, hoping with a vote to kill legislation that would do it, and the rumor as well.    The specter of a wartime military draft like that of the Vietnam era has lingered around the presidential campaign for the past few weeks, fueled by an e-mail driven rumor mill and a campaign by Rock the Vote, a nonpartisan group that seeks to boost voting among young people...
Adobe does document security Electronic document giant Adobe Systems said that it was partnering with digital certificate company GeoTrust to provide technology that will allow documents that use Adobe #39;s popular PDF (Portable Document Format) to be digitally certified.
Wild Weather Hampers Submarine Rescue Mission Wild weather was tonight hampering an operation involving British forces to rescue a Canadian submarine. Five British vessels are en-route to the stricken HMCS 
Tobacco regulation backers fail to restore it to corporate tax &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; House and Senate negotiators defeated an effort Tuesday to have the Food and Drug Administration regulate tobacco products. The proposal was part of a corporate tax bill 
IBM Aims Low-Cost Unix Servers At SMBs, Puts Bulls-eye On Sun IBM Tuesday pushed harder against rival Sun by releasing a pair of low-priced Unix-based servers geared for small and medium-sized businesses.
FIFA Announces World Player of the Year Nominations Brazilian players have picked up the most nominations for FIFA #39;s World Player of the Year award with a total of six, including Real Madrid #39;s Ronaldo and Roberto Carlos.
Search engine for developers is hailed (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - An Eclipse IDE plug-in that would provide search capabilities specifically for developers is being readied by a University of California, Berkeley computer science professor.
US vetoes Security Council resolution on Gaza The United States has vetoed an Arab-backed resolution at the United Nations Security Council that demanded an end to Israel #39;s military operations in the Gaza strip.
Bomb scare forces Israeli fighters to intercept aircraft Israeli fighter jets forced a passenger plane bound for Tel Aviv to land in Cyprus yesterday in the sixth such bomb scare to hit flights over Europe in the past week.
Bulgaria Discovery Sheds Light on Ancient Thracians (Reuters) Reuters - Archaeologists have unearthed\a treasure of gold and silver in a Thracian tomb in Bulgaria,\calling it a unique find from classical antiquity.
Markets extend rally as oil falls from high Wall Street extended its fourth- quarter rally yesterday, supported by falling oil prices and a bullish assessment of the economy from a Federal Reserve official.
Martha ink expert acquitted The former head of the US Secret Service #39;s forensic lab was acquitted Tuesday on two counts of lying repeatedly on the stand as the gvernment #39;s ink expert at the Martha Stewart trial.
AT amp;T looks into closing its Windows Network services giant AT amp;T is evaluating different operating systems, including Linux and Mac OS X, as alternatives to Windows for internal use.
Schumacher aiming for Suzuka victory Motorsport.com. The titles may be wrapped up for Michael Schumacher and Ferrari but the 2004 champion is keen to notch up another victory at the penultimate race of the season.
New Chechen President sworn in Moscow, Oct. 6. (UNI): The new President of war-torn Russian republic of Chechnya, Alu Alkhanov took the oath of office in Grozny, the Chechen capital, amid very tight security throughout the region.
Iran: Getting Back on Track Since the worlds nuclear watchdog agency confirmed reports of Irans extensive and secret nuclear activities more than two years ago, international concerns that Tehran might soon acquire bomb-making capabilities have grown.
Blogger father resigns from Google Search company Google Inc. has lost the services of Evan Williams, father of the Blogger Web logging service.
Panel: Kerry would take new approach to tech issues WASHINGTON - Senator John Kerry, Democratic challenger to U.S. President George Bush, would seek more government involvement on issues such as broadband adoption, cybersecurity and spam, while Bush, if re-elected, would continue to take a more market-driven approach to those issues, a panel of Washington, D.C., technology experts predicted Tuesday.
Google lays out lofty plans for Search Appliance Google Inc. is working hard to broaden the searching and indexing capabilities of its enterprise Search Appliance from Web documents based on the HTTP and HTTPS protocols to multiple and disparate non-Web data repositories, a Google executive said Tuesday.
Search engine for developers is hailed An Eclipse IDE plug-in that would provide search capabilities specifically for developers is being readied by a University of California, Berkeley computer science professor.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Bush signs extension to R D tax credit WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush on Monday signed a bill that included an 18 month extension of a research and development (R D) tax credit sought by many IT groups.
Adobe does document security Electronic document giant Adobe Systems Inc. said that it was partnering with digital certificate company GeoTrust Inc. to provide technology that will allow documents that use Adobe's popular PDF (Portable Document Format) to be digitally certified.
AMD further details dual-core Opterons SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA - Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s (AMD's) dual-core Opteron processor will fit into the same area occupied by its single-core product, helping to hold down manufacturing costs, AMD said Tuesday at the Fall Processor Forum.
Soros gives bigger role to sons Billionaire philanthropist and speculator George Soros has given his sons greater responsibility in his firm as it spins off real estate and credit card operations in a move to return to its roots as a hedge fund, a company memo said.
Head Lice Provide Clue to Prehistoric Lives, Loves A study of an ancient human pest -- head lice -- suggests that the ancestors of today #39;s American Indians may have met and fought with 
New deal for Wenger as Arsenal hit the jackpot Arsne Wenger celebrated Arsenal #39;s massive 100 million sponsorship deal yesterday by declaring that he expects to sign a new contract this week, committing himself to the Premiership champions until at least 2008.
NHL veteran opts for stint in minors EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- The New Jersey Devils signed veteran left winger Dean McAmmond to a contract to play with Albany of the American Hockey League.
Wilkinson convincing as man to  #39;bind side together #39; Goal-kicker, tackler, distributor, organiser, role-model, conscience, keeper of the flame - Jonny Wilkinson is a man of many parts, all of them fundamental to the immediate well-being of the 
News: North Korea has 600 computer hackers, South Korea claims The Associated Press By Soo-jeong Lee
Do Not Adjust Focus. Those Blobs Are Atoms. Scientists have produced the sharpest picture yet taken of atoms, with a resolution of roughly one 400-millionth of an inch.
Israeli Tank Fire Hurts 3 in Gaza -- Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli tank fire wounded at least three\Palestinians in the northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday,\witnesses said.
Britain's Blair to demand answers from Sudan on Darfur (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to arrive in Sudan on a landmark visit during which he is to demand immediate action from the country's leaders over the humanitarian crisis in the war-torn western region of Darfur.
EU Commission to Bless Turkish Membership Bid (Reuters) Reuters - The European Commission was set to\recommend on Wednesday that Turkey start accession talks with\the European Union, finally unveiling its watershed decision\after 40 years of on-again, off-again talks.
National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers (AP) AP - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.
Bush Asks Another  #36;691M in Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - President Bush asked Congress Tuesday for an additional  #36;691 million to aid victims of hurricanes and other natural disasters as the election-year price tag for recent emergencies surged toward  #36;13 billion.
Moore Accused of Offering Gifts for Votes (AP) AP - Republicans say filmmaker Michael Moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, potato chips and Ramen noodles to college students in exchange for their promise to vote for John Kerry.
Georgia Congressman Has Lung Transplant (AP) AP - Rep. Charlie Norwood, who has suffered a breathing disorder for more than six years, underwent a lung transplant Tuesday that doctors said was necessary to save his life.
Depp denies calling US war 'dumb' Hollywood actor Johnny Depp insists that he never called America "dumb" for going to war with Iraq.
On Debate Day, Cheney Keeps a Low Profile and Edwards Campaigns Vice President Dick Cheney stayed largely out of sight today, while Senator John Edwards was stumping at an Ohio rally.
U.S. Flu Vaccine Supply Cut in Half WASHINGTON - Americans' supply of flu vaccine was abruptly cut in half Tuesday, prompting the government to ask most healthy adults to delay or skip flu shots so that the elderly and others most at risk from influenza can get scarce supplies.    British regulators unexpectedly shut down a major flu-shot supplier Tuesday, prompting a record shortage in this country just as flu season is about to begin...
AMD's dual-core performance boost Though about the same size, the forthcoming dual-core Opteron will be up to 55 percent faster than today's single-core chips, AMD says.
Shutters come down for Kodak THE photo-equipment maker Kodak yesterday announced plans to axe 600 jobs in the UK and close a factory in Nottinghamshire, in a move in line with the giants global restructuring strategy unveiled last January.
BoSox Win 9-3 to Open Series With Angels (AP) AP - Curt Schilling and the Boston Red Sox got the jump on Anaheim in the AL playoffs. Perhaps that's how the Angels prefer it. Schilling pitched 6 2-3 effective innings, Manny Ramirez and Kevin Millar homered during a seven-run burst, and the Red Sox beat the Angels 9-3 Tuesday in Game 1.
Tiger Woods wedding is talk of island GOLFER Tiger Woods was reportedly close to tying the knot last night with his Swedish fiance, Elin Nordegren, as guests were seen gathering at a Caribbean resort.
Fears over fixture clash Uefa insisted last night that security will not be a problem when Middlesbrough and Newcastle supporters join those of Arsenal in Athens this month to play European matches against three Greek clubs.
A look around the Big Ten What is JoePa working up to stop Kyle Orton? Where did the Little Brown Jug come from? What #39;s the deal with Iowa #39;s newfound running game?
Anderson in frame after a change of luck at last RUSSELL Anderson is right not to dwell on why he has been given the opportunity to revive his Scotland career since it means risking being seen as someone revelling in the misfortune of others.
Oklahoma Defense Likes Challenge of Texas (AP) AP - There's something about Texas that brings the big plays out of Oklahoma's defense.
Nuggets Sign White Despite Gun Charge (AP) AP - The Denver Nuggets signed free agent forward Rodney White to a 2-year deal Tuesday, a day after a judge allowed him to leave Washington D.C. for the first time since his arrest last month on a gun charge.
US vetoes Arab draft demanding Israeli withdrawal from Gaza The United States killed with its veto power on Tuesday another Arab draft UN Security Council resolution. Germany, Britain and Romania abstained from the vote on the draft proposed by Algeria, Tunisia and Pakistan.
Florida Gators Returning to Big-Play Ways (AP) AP - The way Florida's offense is playing, you'd think Steve Spurrier was coaching the Gators again.
Williams Asks NFL to Clarify His Status Ricky Williams has asked the NFL for a hearing to clarify his playing status, a possible first step if the running back tries to return to the league.
Lewis Readies Defense Laywers for Ravens tailback Jamal Lewis are preparing to challenge any league mandated penalty  from his expected plea bargain because the incident occured prior to his NFL career.
Red Sox Strike First Curt Schilling limits the Angels and the offense blasts the Angels for a 8-3 victory Tuesday in Game 1.
PalmOne licenses Microsoft Exchange for mobile e-mail PalmOne Inc. has licensed technology from Microsoft Corp. to make its devices work directly with Microsoft's Exchange e-mail server, the companies said Tuesday.
BHP plans up to A\$1.5bil buyback MELBOURNE: BHP Billiton Ltd/Plc, the world #39;s largest diversified miner, said yesterday it would buy back up to A\$1.5bil of its Australia-listed shares at a discount to the market price.
Update 2: Ex-Enron Exec Pleads Guilty to Conspiracy A former assistant treasurer at toppled energy giant Enron Corp. pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge Tuesday for his alleged role in making Enron #39;s financial picture appear rosier than it really was.
Kodak plight a snapshot of UK work The digital revolution #39;s two-way impact on British jobs was felt yesterday when Eastman Kodak announced mass layoffs in Nottingham and Middlesex and B amp;Q said it had been struggling to find staff in the Midlands.
Delphi Deepens Third-Quarter Loss View Auto parts maker Delphi Corp. on Tuesday warned of a greater-than-expected third-quarter loss because of higher commodity prices and charges from cost-cutting measures and restructuring.
Cash is king for Diageo investors Ker-ching. An extra \$2.14bn (1.2bn) has landed in the coffers at Diageo, the global drinks giant whose brands include Guinness, Baileys, Johnnie Walker whisky, Gordon #39;s gin and Smirnoff vodka.
AMD #39;s dual-core performance boost SAN JOSE, Calif.--Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday detailed performance results for its forthcoming dual-core Opteron processor, showing a speed boost of 30 percent to 55 percent compared with today #39;s single-core models.
EarthLink to offer free net telephony Earthlink on Tuesday said it now distributes software that lets people make free unlimited calls over a broadband connection. EarthLink Free Online Calling is anything but revolutionary.
IBM Rolls Out Low-End Express Servers IBM has introduced two new Unix-based servers aimed at small- to mid-size businesses. Based on the Power5 microprocessor, the new servers join IBM #39;s On Demand Express product line, and are priced starting at \$3,993.
Concern Grows Over RFID Tag Production With the countdown for compliance with radio-frequency identification mandates from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and others #39; closing in, concern is growing that supplies of the necessary 
SAP, Infineon Team Up To Accelerate RFID Deployment Cycles Infineon Technologies AG today will launch a radio-frequency identification package designed to help companies more easily connect and manage RFID hardware and software from multiple suppliers 
Cardinals, Red Sox Use Homers to Win Baseball Playoff Openers The St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox put on power-hitting displays to win the openers of their first-round Major League Baseball playoff series.
Yahoo Adds Personalization to Search Technology Yahoo! Inc. (www.yahoo.com) unveiled new versions of its Front Page, and My Yahoo! (my.yahoo.com). Both pages show enhancements in design and functionality, and are rolled into Beta versions starting yesterday.
Housing affordability gap yawns Home buyers in England face the biggest affordability gaps in South West and London, the Joseph Rowntree Foundation says.
Proposed new UN rules could have allowed Iraq war: Britain (AFP) AFP - New rules being proposed for a reformed United Nations might have allowed the United States and Britain to carry out their invasion of Iraq with the approval of the world body, British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said in a newspaper interview.
House OKs Bill Imposing 'Spyware' Fines (AP) AP - Companies and others that secretly install "spyware" programs on people's computers to quietly monitor their Internet activities would face hefty federal fines under a bill the House passed Tuesday.
GOP Gets House to Nix Draft Bill 402-2 (AP) AP - House Republicans sought to quash a persistent Internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, engineering an overwhelming vote Tuesday to kill legislation they hope will put the rumor to rest.
Intel Joins Nokia, Symbian To Make Smart Phone Chips (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - In an effort to get inside the growing number of advanced mobile phones throughout the world, the company has joined with cell phone maker Nokia   and U.K. software company Symbian to develop processor chips for such high-end smart phones.
Mount St. Helens Exhales Ash, Steam (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens exhaled a spectacular roiling cloud of steam and ash Tuesday, sprinkling grit on a small town some 25 miles away.
Jetstar Asia Seeks Destinations in India Budget airline Jetstar Asia on Monday announced cut-rate fares to its initial destinations of Hong Kong, Thailand and Taiwan and said it was seeking rights to fly to India and additional routes to China.
Edwards, Cheney Gear Up for Sole VP Debate (AP) AP - Both presidential campaigns are looking for a boost at the other's expense Tuesday when Vice President Dick Cheney and Democratic rival John Edwards square off for the only vice presidential debate of the 2004 election.
Kerry: Bush Uses 'Scare Tactics' (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry, fighting back after President Bush accused him of having dangerous policies, said Tuesday that the Republican incumbent was resorting to a "blanket scare tactic" rather than focusing on his own important choices to keep the country safe.
NASA Studies Space Railway to Explore Origins of Planets, Stars, and Galaxies A NASA-led team is studying the construction of a railway in space for a pair of telescopes that will provide views of planet, star, and galaxy formation in unprecedented detail. The proposed Space Infrared Interferometric Telescope (SPIRIT) mission will also examine the atmospheric chemistry of giant planets around other stars.
Republicans Accuse Moore of Vote Bribery LANSING, Mich. - Republicans say filmmaker Michael Moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, potato chips and Ramen noodles to college students in exchange for their promise to vote...
Hormone Leptin May Treat Infertility in Women By MARTIN FINUCANE    BOSTON (AP) -- An appetite-curbing hormone that failed to live up to its early buzz as a possible key to slowing obesity is now being probed as a potential aid for women who suffer from infertility and eating disorders.    "This represents essentially a new era for leptin," said Dr...
Flu Vaccine Supply Cut in Half By LAURAN NEERGAARD     WASHINGTON (AP) -- Americans' supply of flu vaccine was abruptly cut in half Tuesday, prompting the government to ask most healthy adults to delay or skip flu shots so that the elderly and others most at risk from influenza can get scarce supplies.    British regulators unexpectedly shut down a major flu-shot supplier Tuesday, prompting a record shortage in this country just as flu season is about to begin...
Library Exhibit Traces Impact of Isaac Newton By MALCOLM RITTER     NEW YORK (AP) -- If you asked people strolling down Fifth Avenue to name a genius, most would probably cite Albert Einstein.     "Ask them to name another one, it would be (Isaac) Newton," said Mordechai Feingold, curator of a new exhibit about the 17th-century English mathematician and physicist who transcended science to become a lasting icon in society...
UPDATE 3-Delphi sees wider loss partly on materials costs Delphi Corp. (DPH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday warned that its third-quarter loss would be far wider than expected, the latest auto parts supplier to say 
Adobe Does Document Security Electronic document giant Adobe Systems says it will partner with digital certificate company GeoTrust to provide technology to allow documents that use Adobe #39;s popular Portable Document Format to be digitally certified.
Sun #39;s New Multi-threaded Processor, UltraSPARC IV Implemented using Texas Instruments #39; 90 nanometer process technology, UltraSPARC IV will double the application throughput of the existing UltraSPARC IV through expanded caches and buffers, a better branch prediction mechanism, augmented prefetching 
Pippen:  quot;If I had anything to give, Id leave it here... quot; October 5, 2004 -- Following the official announcement of his retirement, Scottie Pippen and Bulls GM John Paxson met the media at the Berto Center after the teams first official training camp practice this season.
Gardenhire Surprised by Song Fuss (AP) AP - Minnesota manager Ron Gardenhire still is surprised over the fuss made last year when he said a long version "God Bless America" may have affected Twins pitcher Brad Radke in Game 2 of the playoff series against the New York Yankees.
Dozens Arriving for Apparent Woods Wedding (AP) AP - Former NBA superstars Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley were among the dozens of guests that arrived at this Caribbean resort island Tuesday afternoon, where Tiger Woods reportedly is to marry his Swedish model fiancee.
Schilling and Big Bats Give Red Sox Game 1 Curt Schilling pitched 6 2-3 effective innings, Manny Ramirez and Kevin Millar homered during a seven-run burst, and the Red Sox beat the Angels.
Microsoft looks to enlist European partners in SMB push LISBON - Despite the growing profile of Linux, continued security concerns and an anticompetion ruling from the European Commission, Microsoft Corp. faced no coup d'etat when it rolled into Lisbon on Portugal's revolution day Tuesday.
New security products "adapting" to threats As networks increase in size and complexity, security products are growing in sophistication and security threats are becoming more ingenious.
Tokyo Stocks End Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei closed down 0.84 percent  Monday after a weak U.S. jobs report kept the dollar near a  five-year low against the yen, helping reverse recent gains in  exporters such as Nissan Motor Co.
Microsoft Unveils New Version of MSN TV Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
House Approves Bill Imposing 'Spyware' Fines By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Companies and others that secretly install "spyware" programs on people's computers to quietly monitor their Internet activities would face hefty federal fines under a bill the House passed Tuesday.    The most egregious behaviors ascribed to the category of such software - secretly recording a person's computer keystrokes or mouse clicks - are already illegal under U.S...
Kodak cuts 600 jobs and shuts two plants as digital toll rises Eastman Kodak, the world #39;s largest photographic company, announced it was cutting 600 jobs in the UK and 270 in France yesterday, as it pressed on with its strategic refocus, brought on by the 
International telemarketing fraud probe nets 135 WASHINGTON, Oct 5 (AFP) - More than 135 people have been arrested in an international crackdown on fraudulent telemarketing operations that may have netted hundreds of millions of dollars from unwary victims, US Attorney General John Ashcroft said Tuesday 
Philip Morris to invest \$200M in Cabarrus plant Philip Morris USA will invest \$200 million in the next three years to upgrade its cigarette plant in Cabarrus County, Gov. Mike Easley announced Tuesday.
SpaceShipOne Makes Second Trip to Space, Wins X Prize The privately owned and operated SpaceShipOne spacecraft has won the \$10 million Ansari X Prize by successfully making its second manned flight into space.
LA #39;s comeback strategy won #39;t work in playoffs ST. LOUIS -- The Dodgers absolutely love the team persona that they nurtured throughout the long regular season, the never-say-die, don #39;t-count-us-out, play- #39;til-the-end Comeback King thing.
Carter advances to second round at US Mid-Amateur Huntington, W.Va., golfer Pat Carter has advanced to the second round of match play at the US Mid-Amateur golf tournament. Carter defeated Scott Crawshaw of Pasadena, Calif.
UN atomic experts back in Iran to test bomb claims TEHRAN: UN atomic inspectors have returned to Iran and will be free to visit a disputed military site in their investigation of US allegations that Iran is seeking nuclear warheads, state television reported.
U.S. Jobs Weigh on Dollar  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Dollar and oil price weakness pulled  Asian export and resource shares down on Monday and knocked  Toyko shares lower, but strength in some bank and technology  issues underpinned broader stock markets.
UPDATE 3-PeopleSoft could be open to Oracle bid-director A PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) board member told a Delaware court on Tuesday that the software maker would consider a bid from its rival Oracle Corp.
Oil hits \$51 as hurricanes halt supplies Crude oil prices jumped above \$51 a barrel yesterday, setting a fresh record amid a prolonged production shut-down in the Gulf of Mexico in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
Gordon Cooper Gordon Cooper, the former astronaut who died on Monday aged 77, played an important part in the American space programme which culminated in the first manned flight to the moon in 1969.
MSN Search Preview Resurfaces The public preview of MSN #39;s upcoming search engine is back, this time with a Web index about five times fatter and reworked relevancy algorithms.
Browsers become business bugbear commentary The debate between Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox has intensified in recent months. Media columnists have put forth the merits of their case; an overwhelming number believe the time is right to bury Internet Explorer.
Glazer opens talks with Irish as United fans revolt Malcolm Glazer, the US sports tycoon trying to buy Manchester United, has begun talks with the club #39;s biggest shareholder and plans to tell investors that the club #39;s performance 
MLB: Boston 9, Anaheim 3 The Boston Red Sox erupted for seven runs in the fourth Tuesday and posted a 9-3 win over the Anaheim Angels in Game 1 of their AL Division Series.
Cassell a no-show; Wolves sign Griffin Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Timberwolves guard Sam Cassell did not show up Tuesday for the first day of training camp.
Williams retirement saga continues New York, NY (Sports Network) - Former NFL running back Ricky Williams wants to know where he stands after retiring and subsequently being ordered to pay back nearly \$9 million to the Miami Dolphins.
Iranian missile  #39;can reach Israel Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, the former president, said the rocket had a range of 1,250 miles and added:  quot;Iran is determined to improve its military capabilities.
PeopleSoft Open to Oracle Bid -Director (Reuters) Reuters - A PeopleSoft Inc.  board\member told a Delaware court on Tuesday that the software maker\would consider a bid from its rival Oracle Corp. \provided the price was right and a deal closed quickly.
Three Americans Share Nobel Physics Prize (AP) AP - Americans David J. Gross, H. David Politzer and Frank Wilczek won the 2004 Nobel Prize in physics on Tuesday for their explanation of the force that binds particles inside the atomic nucleus.
Satellite Mishap Blamed on Human Error (AP) AP - A  #36;239 million satellite toppled to a factory floor last year because nobody bothered to check that it was secure before moving it, according to a NASA investigation board's report on the mishap.
Dye Test Planned on Yellowstone Creek (AP) AP - Testing with dye is planned next spring to find out why water in a creek near the East Entrance has turned greenish.
Court Hits 'Spam' Envelope-Stuffing Scam  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. court has temporarily shut  down an operation that used "spam" e-mail to drum up customers  for a fraudulent work-at-home scheme, the U.S. Federal Trade  Commission said on Tuesday.
House Passes Tough Computer Anti-Spyware Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on  Tuesday voted to crack down on deceptive "spyware" that hides  in users' computers and secretly monitors their activities.
Microsoft CEO: Merger Strategy Unchanged  LISBON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; is still  targeting smaller companies for acquisitions, despite  speculation that now-scuttled merger talks with business  software giant SAP AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SAPG.DE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SAPG.DE&lt;/A&gt; signaled a shift in strategy,  Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said on Tuesday.
Ex-Enron Asst Treasurer Strikes Plea Deal (Reuters) Reuters - A former Enron Corp.  \assistant treasurer pleaded guilty on Tuesday in U.S. District\Court to conspiracy to commit securities fraud for disguising\the company's weak finances before its dramatic collapse.
Stocks Lower as Oil Breaches \$51/Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed mostly lower on  Tuesday as oil prices climbed to another record and economic  data showed slower-than-expected growth last month.
Japan Stocks Open Down After Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average fell 0.36  percent at the opening on Wednesday as profit-taking pushed  down recent gainers including Bridgestone Corp. after the  market had risen in the previous four sessions.
Ex-Enron Asst Treasurer Strikes Plea Deal  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A former Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;  assistant treasurer pleaded guilty on Tuesday in U.S. District  Court to conspiracy to commit securities fraud for disguising  the company's weak finances before its dramatic collapse.
PeopleSoft Open to Oracle Bid -Director  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; board  member told a Delaware court on Tuesday that the software maker  would consider a bid from its rival Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;  provided the price was right and a deal closed quickly.
US Air Unions Object to Plan for Cuts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Big labor unions at bankrupt US  Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; claimed on Tuesday the carrier  has fallen far short of proving that it must have immediate  court-imposed wage and other cuts to survive.
Delphi Sees Wider Loss on Materials Costs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delphi Corp. on Tuesday warned that its  third-quarter loss would be wider than expected, the latest  auto parts supplier to say motor vehicle production cuts and  high raw materials costs would hurt results.
US: More Than 135 Arrested for Telemarketing Fraud More than 100 individuals in the United States and 35 others in foreign nations have been arrested in a crackdown on telemarketing fraud that caused losses exceeding \$1 billion, US officials said on Tuesday.
The Spirit of St. Louis in outer space What The Associated Press described as test pilot Michael Melvill #39;s  quot;corkscrewing, white-knuckle ride quot; on the first leg of SpaceShipOne #39;s successful attempt to win the \$10 million X-Prize, was actually a remarkable rendition of what generations of 
Broadcom Unveils New Multicore Chip NEW YORK - Communications chipmaker Broadcom today will announce a chip that combines four cores--the central brain of a chip--onto a single piece of silicon.
EarthLink #39;s Calling EarthLink (Nasdaq: ELNK) is the latest company to bridge the Internet and the telephone. It #39;s offering Voice over Internet Protocol (or VoIP) service for free to its customers, as it announced in a press release today.
IBM Unveils Midmarket Servers With starting hardware prices of \$3,993 and \$7,050 respectively, the IBM eServer(TM) p5-520 and p5-550 Express models are among the most cost-effective in the industry.
Arsenal unveil mega 100M Emirates deal Arsenal have confirmed they have struck a lucrative deal with Emirates Airlines for the naming rights of their new Ashburton stadium.
Larsson and Rooney bid for world player award WAYNE Rooney and Henrik Larsson are among the players nominated for FIFAs prestigious World Player of the Year award. Rooney is one of four Manchester United players on a list which is heavily influenced by the Premiership.
BAR sign Epson for one race Epson has been a major supporter of motor sport since 1983 and believes the Japanese Grand Prix to be the perfect vehicle to communicate with its home market through the dynamic global sport of Formula One.
Sooners #39; Jones to return; starting RB undecided Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops said Tuesday that running back Kejuan Jones would be able to play in the No. 2 Sooners #39; game Saturday against No.
US vetoes anti-Israel UN resolution The United States Tuesday vetoed a UN Security Council resolution demanding Israel cease all military operations in Northern Gaza and withdraw its forces.
Transmeta's M8800  Efficeon Processor Powers Down New version of the Efficeon processor uses only 3 watts of power at 1-GHz speed.
Which Candidate Is More Tech-Friendly? Partisan panel debates presidential candidates' stand on technology issues.
Scripps senior newspaper VP to retire Alan Horton, senior vice president of newspapers for EW Scripps Co., will retire from the company Dec. 31,. Horton, 61, has been affiliated with Scripps since 1965, when he took his first job out of college as a reporter for The Cincinnati Post.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Open Lower; US Dollar Up Tokyo stocks opened lower Wednesday as investors took profits following four straight sessions of gains. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Schwab says he #39;ll stay on as CEO to get firm back on track NEW YORK Charles Schwab says he is willing to stay on as CEO of the firm that bears his name as long as it takes to get the brokerage back on track.
AMD Offers Performance Details of New Dual-Core Opteron SAN JOSE, Calif.Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Tuesday unveiled its dual-core architecture here at In Stat/MDR #39;s Fall Processor Forum and provided the first estimates of the chip #39;s performance.
Earthlink Offers Free Online Calling Internet-service provider Earthlink Inc. on Tuesday launched a service that enables high-speed subscribers to make unlimited voice calls through their computers at no additional charge.
Nokia, Intel To Team On Symbian Smartphones Nokia and Intel said Tuesday they would work together to create smartphones based on the Symbian-based Series 60 platform. The Nokia-created Series 60 platform has as its core the Symbian OS.
Larsson secures place on elite list Henrik Larsson, the former Celtic striker, has become the first player nominated for FIFA #39;s World Player of the Year award to have done so on the basis of performances in the Bank of Scotland Premierleague.
England take on Spain in friendly MADRID: Spain will host England for a friendly on November 17 in Real Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu stadium, the profits from which will go towards the Association of Spanish Footballers (AFE), the Spanish Football Federation announced yesterday.
Cricket-Lancashire sign up Muralitharan  Cricket-First Test blues grip under-strength rivals 10-05-2004, 09:51 BANGALORE, India (AFP) - India and Australia go into the first Test here without their first-choice teams amid growing concern about both the inclement weather and how the wicket 
Kwame Brown not ready for start of season Washington, DC (Sports Network) - Washington Wizards forward Kwame Brown will not be ready for the season opener, but could play by the end of November.
Fire aboard ex-Navy sub on way to new owner Three sailors were injured yesterday after fire broke out on a submarine sold by the Royal Navy to Canada. Chicoutimi had left Faslane in Scotland on Monday after a lengthy refit as part of the sale of four submarines.
US vetoes Arab resolution UNITED NATIONS: The United States yesterday vetoed a UN Security Council draft resolution demanding that Israel stop a major offensive in the Gaza Strip that has cost at least 68 Palestinian lives.
US blamed for troop levels WASHINGTON: The US did not have enough troops in Iraq to secure the country and paid a heavy price for the mistake, the former head of the US civilian administration in Baghdad has said.
Supersize me, says Wal-Mart Wal-Mart just keeps getting bigger. The retailer, already the largest in the world, announced aggressive expansion plans yesterday for the coming year, aiming to open or extend up to 530 stores around the world.
Billionaire Soros gives sons bigger role in his empire George Soros, the billionaire investor, is giving greater control of his business to his two sons, Robert and Jonathan, and at the same time scaling back his empire by spinning off several divisions.
Hollinger to Take \$27M Charge for Suits CHICAGO - Hollinger International Inc. said Tuesday it will take a pretax charge of \$27 million to settle advertisers #39; lawsuits over inflated circulation numbers issued for years by the Chicago Sun-Times.
Treo, Exchange agree to talk LONGTIME foes palmOne and Microsoft have announced a licensing deal that will allow the next generation of palmOne #39;s Treo smart phones to work directly with Microsoft #39;s Exchange email system.
AMD hit by weak demand Advanced Micro Devices yesterday warned that revenues in the third quarter would be lower than earlier forecasts, echoing a similar statement from Intel last month - its biggest rival in the chip sector.
Fast-food giant reports third quarter gains LOUISVILLE, Ky. Fast-food giant Yum Brandsreported a 13 percent gain in third-quarter earnings today. The company says surging international sales and a turnaround at its KFC chicken restaurants were responsible.
Sun on wrong end of Java IP victory Sun Microsystems Inc has found itself in the unusual position of losing a Java law suit, brought by photography giant Eastman Kodak.
IBM drops eServer Power5 clock speed to chase Sun IBM Corp will today announce that it will move its slower 1.5GHz Power5 processors into its eServer p5 520 and 550 servers in an attempt to make the  quot;Squadron quot; servers more appealing to customers using rival Sun Microsystems Inc #39;s Sparc/Solaris boxes and 
Clemens Is Still Swinging and Pitching With Intensity That #39;s what Jaret Wright, the Braves #39; starting pitcher today, wanted to know about Roger Clemens in his improbable career extension with the Astros.
Mega tells nation to accept result JAKARTA - Choking back tears, President Megawati Sukarnoputri edged closer to conceding defeat yesterday, urging Indonesians to accept the results of the country #39;s landmark leadership ballot.
Alkhanov Sworn in As President of Chechnya Chechnya #39;s new Kremlin-backed president was sworn in Tuesday, taking the helm of this wartorn Russian region under heavy guard nearly five months after his predecessor 
Divide over managing US #39;s wallet Both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry profess to be  quot;free traders, quot; opposed to tariffs and other impediments to commerce.
UK resists EU curb on Turkey Britain will oppose European commission moves to impose permanent curbs on Turkish workers migrating to other areas of the EU as a key part of any agreement to admit the country to the union, a foreign office minister said yesterday.
Save the Trees, Save the Apes, Expert Says (Reuters) Reuters - A U.N. meeting on endangered species\could help secure the survival one of humanity's closest living\relatives, the orangutan, by saving its forest home from\loggers, a leading expert said on Tuesday.
Dollar Stalls Ahead of Employment Figures (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar was stuck in familiar ranges\on Wednesday as the market awaited U.S. employment figures,\while the yen came under pressure from another round of soaring\oil prices.
Japan Stocks Flat After Wall Street  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average was flat in  mid-morning trade on Wednesday, bolstered by bargain-hunting of  a number of blue-chip stocks after U.S. stocks showed  resilience despite a rise in oil prices to new highs.
SAP taps search technology Says improved search capabilities will return results an average of 10 times faster than before.
Shula says Patriots could go 19-0 Don Shula knows what it takes to achieve a perfect season, and he says the New England Patriots have a chance to do it. On the other hand, Shula says, the winless Miami Dolphins have a shot at an upset Sunday at New England.
Ultra-Tiny Transistors Won't Be Key to New PC Performance Gains Chips have become so tiny that atomic-level defects cause serious problems.
Wallstreet update - stocks Stocks climb again as oil prices slip all Street extended its fourth-quarter rally into a second day yesterday, supported by falling oil prices and a bullish assessment of the economy from a Federal Reserve official.
Score Angels #39; lineup moves a failure Can #39;t give anything away in October, Mike Scioscia reasoned, and the Anaheim manager picked his best defensive infielders at second and third base to play the first game of the playoffs.
Titans #39; Calico out two-three weeks, maybe ten NASHVILLE, Tenn. Tennessee Titans receiver Tyrone Calico will be out two to three weeks, and up to ten, because of a knee injury. Calico, counted on as a big-play deep threat, has torn cartilage suffered in a loss to San Diego Sunday.
Israeli Town Lies in Rockets #39; Paths Description: NPR #39;s Linda Gradstein reports from the Israeli town of Sderot, a frequent target of Palestinian rocket fire from the nearby Gaza Strip.
GOP Brings Up Draft to Knock It Down (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Rumors of reinstating the military draft, which have flourished for months in panicky e-mails, online chat rooms, college dorms and student newspapers, suddenly dominated  the House floor yesterday in one of the strangest parliamentary maneuvers in memory. With even its sponsor voting against it, a bill to require young adults to perform military or civil service failed, 402 to 2.
Ultra-Tiny Transistors Won't Be Key to New PC Performance Gains (PC World) PC World - Chips have become so tiny that atomic-level defects cause serious problems.
Asian, European leaders gather in Hanoi ahead of summit (AFP) AFP - Asian and European leaders began arriving in Hanoi ahead of a summit aimed at boosting political, economic and cultural ties despite profound inter-regional differences over Myanmar.
Israeli Missile Kills Islamic Jihad Chief (AP) AP - Israeli strikes in the Gaza Strip killed a militant leader and a father and his son, officials said Wednesday, bringing to 75 the number of Palestinians killed in a weeklong offensive aimed at ending Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli towns.
Australian PM's anti-immigration rhetoric softens as Asian vote beckons (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard's former rhetoric against illegal immigration has gone deafeningly quiet in Australia's election campaign, analysts say, not least because he needs Asian votes to win his own seat.
Israeli Tank Fire Kills 3 in Gaza Town  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks shelled a town in the in the  northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday, killing three  Palestinians and wounding 10 children in their houses,  witnesses and medics said.
MTV, Gamers  Hope Video Clicks With Young MTV and the gaming industry are hoping characters from the gaming world will be able to reach the double-click generation. The message is clear: Young people need to take voting  seriously.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
MedImmune Tapped for More Flu Vaccine MedImmune Inc. said Tuesday that it is evaluating whether it can help stem a threatened flu vaccination shortage by producing more doses of its inhaled vaccine FluMist after a request from federal officials. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Blair Flies to Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair flew to Khartoum on  Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of Western  government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese officials over  violence in Darfur province.
Phone Group Head Resigns After Uproar The head of a trade association that represents competitors of the large regional telephone companies resigned after his lobbying blueprint was published by mistake on the Federal Communications Commission's Web site.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Britain's Straw Says Iraq Elections Must Go Ahead  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw  said on Tuesday violence must not upset plans to hold  nationwide elections in Iraq, whose prime minister indicated  the government was gearing up to retake rebel strongholds.
Haiti Flood Death Toll Passes 3,000  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - Haiti's death toll from  last month's devastating flooding rose to more than 3,000 on  Tuesday, according to government officials who released what  they believe is the final death tally.
US, Brazil Predict End to Brazil's UN Nuke Dispute  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States and Brazil  predicted on Tuesday Latin America's largest country would  resolve a dispute with the U.N. nuclear watchdog over  inspections of a uranium enrichment plant.
Comic Rodney Dangerfield Dies at Age 82 LOS ANGELES - Rodney Dangerfield, the bug-eyed comic whose self-deprecating one-liners brought him stardom in clubs, television and movies and made his lament "I don't get no respect" a catchphrase, died Tuesday. He was 82...
GOP Gets House to Nix Draft Bill 402-2 WASHINGTON - House Republicans sought to quash a persistent Internet rumor that President Bush wants to reinstate the draft if he is re-elected, engineering an overwhelming vote Tuesday killing legislation that would do just that.    Republicans accused Democrats of feeding the rumor mill to scare young voters and their parents into voting against Bush...
Pit Stop on the Cocaine Highway Traffickers prefer Guatemala, where the radar is spotty and the government is largely unable to stop the flights carrying U.S. bound drugs.
US, Brazil Predict End to Brazil's UN Nuke Dispute &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Saul Hudson&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States and Brazilpredicted on Tuesday Latin America's largest country wouldresolve a dispute with the U.N. nuclear watchdog overinspections of a uranium enrichment plant.&lt;/p&gt;
Motor Racing: Panis Reaches the End of the F1 Road &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alan Baldwin&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Olivier Panis, the oldest driver andonly Frenchman on the Formula One starting grid, says farewellto grand prix racing in Japan this weekend.&lt;/p&gt;
Briefly: SAP taps search technology roundup Plus: Appeals court to rehear e-mail snoop case...Macromedia giving away Flex...T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots.
Doorstep delivery Protesters demonstrated outside the Milan courthouse where a judge ruled that two former Grant Thornton auditors should stand trial in January for their part in the collapse of Italian food group Parmalat.
Wal-Mart to open scores of stores BENTONVILLE, Ark. - Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. #39;s Wal-Mart division plans to open 40 to 45 new discount stores and 240 to 250 new supercenters in the United States starting Feb. 1. The company said that relocations 
Analysis: GOP pushes corporate tax breaks After adding a host of special-interest tax cuts aimed at garnering support from individual senators for the overall bill, the congressional Republican leadership is poised to gain 
Kodak To Cut 600 Jobs in UK, 270 in France Kodak said the reductions are because of the increasing popularity of digital photography. The cutbacks are part of the three-year program Kodak announced in January to reduce its 
Cards Dominate Dodgers in Playoff Opener (AP) AP - Larry Walker and the St. Louis Cardinals turned Game 1 into a slugfest, and that was big trouble for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Walker homered twice and the Cardinals tied a postseason record by hitting five home runs, overwhelming Odalis Perez and the Dodgers in an 8-3 blowout Tuesday in the opener of their NL playoff series.
AMD: Dual-core tech accelerates Opteron by more than 30 percent AMD used the Fall Processor Forum to provide more details about its dual-core Opteron architecture which is scheduled to be released by mid of 2005.
Glazer puts United in play MANCHESTER United has received a takeover approach that boosted the club #39;s shares by over 5 per cent as industry sources said US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer planned a bid of \$1.
Stephen Dunn/Getty Images com. Poor Chone Figgins. He should have known he was in for a rough one when Manny Ramirez hammered a liner off his glove in the first inning of Boston #39;s 9-3 win over Anaheim in Game 1 of the American League Division Series.
FOOTBALL: DUBAI BURY ARSENAL are to name their new ground Emirates Stadium after clinching a 100million sponsorship deal with an Arab airline. And Gunners chairman Peter Hill-Wood admitted it was an offer they simply couldn #39;t refuse.
Rooney on Fifa shortlist Zurich, Switzerland - England and Manchester United teenage sensation Wayne Rooney has made it on to the shortlist for Fifa #39;s 2004 Player of the Year award.
Sheffield Says He Unknowingly Used Steroids New York Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield says he unknowingly used an illegal steroid obtained from BALCO during the 2002 season, Major League Baseball #39;s official Web Site said Tuesday quoting a magazine article.
Israel assassinates al-Quds commander TONY EASTLEY: Israel has revealed that in the four years of the Palestinian uprising, or Intifada, it #39;s arrested 13 Palestinians who work for the UN, on suspicion of  quot;terrorist activities.
Lufthansa passenger plane diverted to Cyprus after bomb threat JERUSALEM - A Lufthansa passenger plane en route to Tel Aviv was diverted to Cyprus on Tuesday, escorted by Israeli war planes, after the airline received a bomb threat, officials said.
BILLY #39;S BIGLEY JOKE FURY AN audience was sickened to hear Billy Connolly joke about the fate of British hostage Ken Bigley during a live show. Referring to the terrorists who threatened to behead Bigley, the Scots 
ULTIMATUM FROM BLAIR TONY Blair will today deliver an ultimatum to warlords in Sudan as he visits the conflict-ridden African country. In talks in Khartoum he will tell the Sudanese government they need to do more to stop the fighting in Darfur which has claimed 50,000 lives.
Schilling, Ramirez Lead Red Sox to Easy Opening Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Curt Schilling pitched 6 2/3 innings  and Manny Ramirez hit a three-run homer in a seven-run fourth  frame to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 9-3 win over the host  Anaheim Angels in their American League Divisional Series  opener Tuesday.
Sheffield Says He Unknowingly Used Steroids  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Yankees slugger Gary  Sheffield says he unknowingly used an illegal steroid obtained  from BALCO during the 2002 season, Major League Baseball's  official Web Site said Tuesday quoting a magazine article.
Clijsters Unsure About Latest Injury, Says Hewitt  TOKYO (Reuters) - Belgian Kim Clijsters is unsure about the  exact nature of the injury that has prematurely ended her  season, her fiance Lleyton Hewitt said on Wednesday.
Red Sox Cast Off Bad Memories by Blasting Off The Boston Red Sox beat Anaheim, 9-3, and have the look of a team intent on making things easier for themselves this year.
Chiefs Humble Ravens The Kansas City Chiefs were a confident bunch even sporting an 0-3 mark coming into Baltimore. But by outmuscling the Ravens, the Chiefs have new life.
Mbeki meets with Ivory Coast rebel leaders South African President Thabo Mbeki traveled to Ivory Coast #39;s rebel-held north on Sunday in a redoubled peace effort for West Africa #39;s war-divided economic hub.
Wizards Feeling Good The Wizards opened training camp confident they have a better feel for the complicated Princeton offense installed by Eddie Jordan.
Tobacco Rider Adds Fire To Corporate Tax Bill House Republican negotiators beat back Senate efforts to more aggressively regulate tobacco and to more strictly limit tax shelters Tuesday as a congressional conference committee moved toward approving the most significant corporate tax legislation in two decades.
Union, Hotels Still Deadlocked Union and hotel officials met Tuesday for the first full day of negotiations in two weeks. But they said they did not come closer to a deal on a contract for 3,800 hotel workers at 14 hotels in the District who have been working without one since Sept. 15.
Regulator Wants Riggs Records on Jet, London Apartment  London's Savoy Court Apartments are counted among Britain's most exclusive private residences. And No. 6 was among the most lavishly appointed.
PBS Selects Crystal City Location for Headquarters The Public Broadcasting Service said yesterday that it signed a deal to move its headquarters from Alexandria to Crystal City, where Charles E. Smith Commercial Realty has renovated offices and retail space to make the area more pedestrian-friendly and attract non-government tenants.
On Fannie's Board, Many Bonds As D.C. Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D) announced the return of Major League Baseball to Washington last week, he praised Fannie Mae chairman and chief executive Franklin D. Raines and financier Frederic V. Malek for their efforts as part of a high-powered ownership group seeking to buy the team.
EEOC Files Suit Against English Fluency Policy A federal agency filed a lawsuit against the Sheraton National Hotel in Arlington yesterday, claiming the hotel discriminated against a former dishwasher by failing to rehire him because he does not speak fluent English.
Guilty Plea in Enron Fraud Case Former Enron Corp. assistant treasurer Timothy Despain pleaded guilty yesterday to conspiracy to commit securities fraud and agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors investigating the company.
Crude oil prices breach 51 dollars in New York Crude oil futures jumped above 51 dollars a barrel Tuesday amid concern that hurricane damage to production in the Gulf of Mexico would keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs.
Cards #39; offense relentless All right. Here are the things a starting pitcher would rather do than face the St. Louis Cardinals lineup: Go out in public wearing that wig Tom Sizemore used to portray Pete Rose in  quot;Hustle.
Ronaldo likely to play against Venezuela, says Brazil doctor Brazil striker Ronaldo is likely to face Venezuela in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier despite strains in both thighs.  quot;I believe that he won #39;t miss out because, with this type 
Tobacco Rider Adds Fire to Debate Over Corporate Tax Bill House Republican negotiators beat back Senate efforts to more aggressively regulate tobacco and to more strictly limit tax shelters yesterday as a congressional conference committee moved 
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Higher; US Dollar Up Tokyo stocks inched up Wednesday morning as investors tried to shake off pessimism about the nation #39;s economy and stick to an upbeat economic report last week.
Genentech gets served The biotech giant is hit with a subpoena requesting documents related to the promotion of Rituxan, its best-selling drug. Just two days before its third-quarter earnings release, biotechnology pioneer Genentech 
Britain's Straw Says Iraq Elections Must Go Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw\said on Tuesday violence must not upset plans to hold\nationwide elections in Iraq, whose prime minister indicated\the government was gearing up to retake rebel strongholds.
Annan refuses to resign over Iraq programme The United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan, has said he will not resign over the controversial Iraqi Oil-for-Food programme.
Mexico Lawmakers Protest Education Funding (AP) AP - Mexico City legislators from the leftist Democratic Revolution Party, the PRD, stormed into the lower house of congress and seized the speaker's podium Tuesday to prevent discussion of proposed funding changes for local education.
Report: S.Korea Says U.S. to Delay Troops (AP) AP - The United States has agreed to delay the planned withdrawal of 12,500 troops from South Korea by three years to 2008, a news agency reported Wednesday.
Lawyers say Australian terror suspect likely to be freed from Guantanamo (AFP) AFP - Lawyers for Australian terror suspect Mamdouh Habib were confident he would soon be released from the US naval base at Guantanamo Bay.
Candidate: No Pregnant, Single Teachers (AP) AP - A U.S. Senate candidate who said recently that homosexuals should not be teaching in South Carolina's public schools has added another group to his list of poor role models for children  #151; pregnant women with live-in boyfriends.
Lawmakers Weigh Foreign-Born As President (AP) AP - It's not about Arnold, lawmakers indicated. But the California governor was certainly one of the rising stars on many minds Tuesday as a Senate panel talked about amending the Constitution to let immigrants occupy the White House.
Luggage may hold an explosive surprise French police said yesterday that they had ended their practice of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly 
Cheney, Edwards Go Toe to Toe in Debate CLEVELAND - Sen. John Edwards accused the Bush administration Tuesday night of bungling the war in Iraq and presiding over a historic loss of jobs...
France Was Ready to Send Troops to Iraq, Book Says French officials were prepared to provide as many as 15,000 troops for an invasion before relations soured with the Bush administration, according to a new book published in France this week.
Schilling less than stellar, but it doesn #39;t matter (Sports Network) - Boston #39;s Curt Schilling wasn #39;t his usual dominant self on Tuesday in Game 1 of the American League Division Series versus Anaheim.
Williams asks for hearing to clear status Former NFL running back Ricky Williams has asked the league to hold a hearing to clarify his playing status. Williams, who is reported to be considering a comeback, wants to know 
Wilkinson #39;s battle with nerves NEW England rugby captain Jonny Wilkinson has revealed how he deals with the potentially crippling nerves that have afflicted him since childhood.
Harrys keeping Kewell SOCCEROOS superstar Harry Kewell is optimistic he can overcome a painful groin injury and play in Saturdays Confederations Cup qualifier against the Solomon Islands.
Wal-Mart to open another 500 stores Wal-Mart has shrugged off growing opposition to its dominance of the US retail market by announcing plans for another 500 stores in 2005.
Ricky Williams Wants to Rejoin the Dolphins Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the N.F.L. how soon he can return, his agent said.
Williams Faces Fight More than 100 protesters denounced a proposal to build a baseball stadium, vowing that Mayor Anthony Williams will face stiff opposition.
Angelos, MLB at Odds Baseball and Peter Angelos have not agreed on compensation to offset the impact of a Washington team on the Baltimore franchise.
Asian Shares Firm in Face of High Oil  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares shrugged off record oil  prices on Wednesday to hit five-month highs as key technology  issues cheered resilience in their U.S. peers, but concern  about the impact of high energy costs on firms' profits capped  gains.
At Meeting, Lazard Board Takes No Vote on Offering The board of Lazard met in Paris but did not vote on a plan by its chief executive, Bruce Wasserstein, to take the firm public.
2 Soros Sons Get More Control of the Business George Soros, the billionaire financier, is handing more control of his money management firm to two of his sons as he continues to scale back the focus of his investment firm.
Wenger close to new deal Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has revealed he expects to sign a new contract  quot;within the next few days quot;. Wenger #39;s current Highbury contract expires at the end of this season but his new deal is set to keep him at the club until at least 2008.
Notes: Jones in starting lineup Ron Gardenhire spotted Jacque Jones in the lobby of the team hotel Tuesday morning. Still coping with the death of his father, Jones didn #39;t hesitate to tell his manager how he felt.
Ricky Williams Wants to Rejoin the Dolphins By The Associated Press. Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the National Football League how soon he can return, his agent said yesterday.
Miller hints that he #39;ll retire after this season Reggie Miller has the option to extend his current contract to the 2005-06 season, but the Pacers #39; all-time leading scorer is talking like his 18th NBA season will be his last.
Hendry to discipline Sosa Chicago Cubs general manager Jim Hendry said on Tuesday that he #39;s hoping time will heal some of the wounds created by Sammy Sosa #39;s early exit from the season finale and 
A Look at the Toys of Christmas (Near) Future As computers and hand-held electronic gadgets eats into sales, this holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one for toymakers.
Spinning Out Clear Winner Even Before Debate Begins Both campaigns have exhorted their supporters to flood the media with messages declaring a winner in the debates, hoping to influence the post-debate spin wars.
Israel kills Islamic Jihad leader in Gaza strike withdrawal of troops and settlers from occupied Gaza next year. Militants seek to claim any pullout as a victory.  quot;Islamic Jihad will not be broken by this martyrdom, quot; said Khaled al-Batsh, a senior political leader in Gaza.
Three Americans Win Nobel for Particle Physics Work Three Americans who helped describe the force that binds together the atomic nucleus were named winners of the Nobel Prize in Physics.
It Took a Few Weeks, but Google Has Topped Its Initial Price Shares in Google, the Internet search engine, continue to rise and broke the \$135 ceiling.
Internet Grants Cut, and F.C.C. Scolded The Federal Communications Commission came under sharp criticism in Congress over the suspension of a program that pays for Internet service at public schools and libraries.
Pitt headed for Tempe to play Utah in Fiesta Bowl Pittsburgh head coach Walt Harris shared a story Sunday night after accepting a BCS Bowl Invitation on national television to play in the Fiesta Bowl on New Years Day against undefeated Utah.
Once immutable and now vulnerable Like the cherry blossoms in the spring and loyalty to the Redskins, the power and influence of Fannie Mae are among those aspects of Washington that never seem to change - until now.
Space tourism industry takes off One short flight for man, or the start of a long voyage for rich men. That #39;s one way of looking at Monday #39;s historic jaunt of the revolutionary spacecraft SpaceShipOne, which crossed the brink of space for the second time in six days.
Bald Eagles Rebound, Other Birds of Prey in Trouble The bald eagle is out of the woods but other birds of prey are in trouble. An icon of conservationists, the bald eagle was on the brink of extinction in America #39;s lower 48 
Talkback: Is Ripping a Crime? written by Patrick Norton on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; I own quite a few Coltrane CDs -- mad jazz saxophone player from the  #39;60s. Timeless. If you #39;ve never heard  quot;A Love Supreme, quot; well, you #39;ve missed out.
Microsoft Unveils News Version of MSN TV Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
American League Playoff Game Summary - Minnesota at New York Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Johan Santana threw seven shutout innings and Jacque Jones homered to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 victory over New York in the opener of a best-of-five American League Division Series at Yankee Stadium.
Obsession; and Fury Dennis Lillee is in little doubt. The India-Australia four-match Test series which begins at Bangalore tomorrow  quot;amounts to a world championship contest quot;.
Boro draw Lazio and Partizan MIDDLESBROUGH have landed themselves with the most glamorous ties of the new-look Uefa Cup - but also face the most difficult opponents of the inaugural group phase of the competition.
Tiger roars  #39;I do #39; to model wife By staff writers. TIGER Woods has stepped off the first tee on the life course that is marriage, saying  quot;I do quot; to his model fiancee Elin Nordegren overnight.
Gascoigne quits Boston post Former England midfielder Paul Gascoigne announced Wednesday his resignation from Boston United as player-coach of the fourth division side.
Brazil condemns Israeli offensive on Gaza Strip The Brazilian government on Tuesday condemned Israeli incursions into the Gaza Strip that killed at least 70 Palestinians and injured 250.
Brazil  quot;important candidate quot; for expanded Security Council: Powell US Secretary of State Colin Powellsaid Tuesday that Brazil will be an  quot;important candidate quot; for new permanent members of the United Nations Security Council should the council be expanded.
PeopleSoft Willing to Talk With Oracle (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board is prepared to drop its ferocious resistance to Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid and negotiate a price above the current  #36;7.7 billion offer if there's "high certainty" a deal can be done quickly, a company director said in court Tuesday.
Asian Shares Firm in Face of High Oil (Reuters) Reuters - Asian shares shrugged off record oil\prices on Wednesday to hit five-month highs as key technology\issues cheered resilience in their U.S. peers, but concern\about the impact of high energy costs on firms' profits capped\gains.
Soros gives bigger role in his fund to 2 sons NEW YORK George Soros is handing greater control of his \$12.8 billion money management firm to his sons, Robert and Jonathan, and spinning off his real estate, credit and buyout units, a memo sent to investors and staff said.
Oil teases \$51 a barrel as hurricanes hit output London - Oil prices roared to new record highs yesterday, within a whisker of \$51 a barrel, on worries about supplies from the Gulf of Mexico, where almost 30 percent of production remains shut.
Howard University engineering programs get a boost Industry giants are giving Howard University \$70.6 million in technology to help the school #39;s engineering and science programs.
Fannie Executives to Defend Accounting Practices In their first response to regulators #39; allegations that the company manipulated its books, executives of mortgage funding giant Fannie Mae plan to defend its accounting and say the actions 
San Francisco Hotels Lock Out Employees In Labor Dispute OCTOBER 05, 2004 -- Ten leading San Francisco hotels this week locked out employees in sympathy with the four hotels impacted by last week #39;s strike by the local Unite Here branch of the AFL-CIO.
Endangered animals a business in south China GUANGZHOU, China - In southern China, it doesnt matter if an animal is an endangered species. As long as it walks, wriggles or jumps, its good enough for the pot.
Yanks put in dicey spot That #39;s a phrase the Yankees may need to keep telling themselves as this Division Series with the tiny-market Twins progresses.
Leader of British Tories is raising issue of trust BOURNEMOUTH, England Conservative Party leader Michael Howard is trying to turn next year #39;s expected national elections in Britain into a battle of trust and credibility.
Freed Hostages to Arrive Home Soon Laksamana.Net - Two Indonesian female migrant workers freed by militants in Iraq are expected to arrive home within a day or two, the Foreign Affairs Ministry said Wednesday (6/10/04).
U.S. Stretches Out S. Korea Troop Cut Until 2008  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States, under pressure  from South Korea, has agreed to stretch over an additional  three years until 2008 the withdrawal of 12,500 American  troops, U.S. officials said on Wednesday.
Japan More Confident on CITES Whale Vote  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Japan is confident it can secure the  votes needed to resume commercial trade in whale products and  that this would be a step toward lifting a ban on hunting the  marine giants, a Japanese official said Wednesday.
Subdued Afghanistan campaign ends Afghanistan's presidential campaign draws to a close - a day after President Karzai holds his first rally.
Fannie Mae Execs Appear Before Congress Fannie Mae #39;s chief executive and another top official are to appear before Congress to explain an accounting lapse at the mortgage giant amid regulators #39; allegations of earnings manipulation and management misdeeds.
Make or break for Bush? Employment numbers look shaky for re &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Bush campaign is blowing on the dice and praying for good jobs data Friday. Recruitment firm Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas tracks hiring and layoff announcements around the country.
'Fresh Start' vs. 'the Right Thing' Vice President Dick Cheney defended the administration's record in Iraq, and Senator John Edwards offered pointed criticism in a highly contentious and personal matchup.
IBM tightens up WebSphere IBM is expected to disclose on Wednesday features of the forthcoming version of its WebSphere application server, which will center on improving performance and administration.
Taking over Man U - Malcolm Glazer The British soccer club Manchester United said on Monday that it had received a preliminary takeover offer, which one person close to the talks said was from the owner of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Malcolm Glazer.
Spirit of St. Louis: Five home runs Larry Walker is back in the playoffs for the first time in nearly a decade, and he #39;s making the most of his second shot. In the Cardinals #39; playoff National League opener, the three-time batting champion led the hit parade.
Ricky wants to play again He inquires about a return to the NFL but it #39;s doubtful he will play for Miami. DAVIE - After traveling the world, Ricky Williams has decided he would like to play football again.
Iran extends range of its ballistic missiles, former leader says Iran said yesterday that its missiles now have a range of more than 1,200 miles, a substantial extension of their previously declared range.
Twins Top Yanks 2-0 With Dazzling Defense NEW YORK - Johan Santana and the Minnesota Twins' dazzling defense had the New York Yankees seeing double. Santana and the Twins escaped trouble with the help of a record-setting five double plays, Jacque Jones homered in his first start since the death of his father, and the Twins beat the Yankees 2-0 Tuesday night to win their eighth straight opener in a postseason series...
US, Iraqi forces start new move against insurgent areas More than 3,000 US and Iraqi soldiers started a major operation yesterday against insurgent strongholds just south of Baghdad, their second mission in five days to take control from militants whose attacks threaten national elections seen as crucial to 
Mercury Astronaut Gordon Cooper Dies Pioneering astronaut Gordon Cooper has died in California, at age 77. He was one of the seven Mercury astronauts who led the way in the exploration of space.
Yahoo introducing new search engine tools Internet giant Yahoo is introducing new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
Barred From the Apple Store To nurture a community vibe at its retail stores, Apple Computer encourages customers to hang out and play around with the equipment.
MLB: Minnesota 2, NY Yankees 0 Johan Santana and Jacque Jones were a dynamic duo Tuesday night as they led the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 win over the New York Yankees.
Sox Beat: Schilling eager to live up to billing It was a victory that occurred with all the subtlety of a bulldozer. The 9-3 thrashing that the Sox delivered in Anaheim proved so complete, so convincing, that it left few 
Fannie Mae to Defend Action to Congress  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Managers of mortgage finance giant  Fannie Mae will defend themselves before Congress on Wednesday  against government findings that they broke accounting rules to  deliver steady earnings growth quarter after quarter.
Board Member of PeopleSoft Open to Merger A PeopleSoft director testified on Tuesday that he would be open to considering Oracle's \$7.7 billion offer. But, PeopleSoft executives said the company remains opposed.
Pilots at US Airways Will Vote on Plan to Cut Pay and Benefits The pilots will vote on US Airway's demand for \$300 million in wage and benefit concessions, their union said Tuesday night.
Pennington #39;s return inspires Jets offense Chad Pennington, who missed the previous three games due to a rotator cuff injury on his right (throwing) shoulder, returned with a fury on Sunday.
Fannie Mae Chief Is Expected to Defend Accounting Breaking his public silence since a federal regulator issued a scathing report last month, Franklin D. Raines, the chairman and chief executive of Fannie Mae, is expected 
US firms announce deeper job cuts WASHINGTON - American firms announced the steepest job cuts in eight months in September and also slashed hiring plans, a survey showed.
Australia off to patient start in Bangalore Australia has made a slow but solid start to the first cricket Test against India in Bangalore. After seven overs, the tourists had reached 0 for 14, with Matthew Hayden on 5 and Justin Langer on 4. For up to date scores, visit our live scorecard.
Team India gets the Sunny touch The cricket Board has appointed Gavaskar as consultant to the Indian team for the Test series beginning on Wednesday. His job, according to Gavaskar himself, is to help the players sort out their problems and advise them.
Football: England to face Wales in WC qualifier England captain David Beckham is relishing the opportunity to face up to some of his former rivals from the English Premier League in an all-British World Cup qualifier against Wales at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Storm game at a glance PLAYER OF THE GAME: Playing with a broken nose, Seattle point guard Sue Bird set a WNBA playoff record for assists with 14, also pumping in 10 points as the Storm claimed the Western Conference title last night.
US-Iraqi forces launch major operation against insurgent &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; More than 3,000 US and Iraqi forces launched a major operation Tuesday against insurgent strongholds just south of Baghdad, their second 
Update 4: Ex-Enron Treasurer to Testify at Trial A former Merrill Lynch executive pointed to a verbal buyout agreement with Enron Corp. in saying he might support an  quot;unsecured deal quot; with another company, according to an e-mail presented to jurors in an ongoing conspiracy and fraud trial.
News Corp. May Strengthen Corporate Governance (Update1) Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. may strengthen its corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholder groups said they will vote against the company #39;s move to the US if shareholders rights are diminished.
Santana slips, slides out of trouble NEW YORK - The Yankees went to work Tuesday night against the Minnesota Twins wishing they could walk to the mound, pinch Johan Santana on the arm just to see if he #39;s human.
Cardinals come out slugging One of the latest additions to St. Louis power-filled lineup helped turn home plate into a launching pad Tuesday at Busch Stadium.
MLB likely won #39;t punish Bonds, Giambi, Sheffield NEW YORK - For all the fuss over reported admissions of steroid use by Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi and Gary Sheffield, Major League Baseball probably won #39;t discipline them.
Steam, Magma Building in Mount St. Helens (Reuters) Reuters - Magma continued to push up into the Mount St. Helens volcano on\Tuesday, pushing up the lava crust and creating a boiling lake\in the crater, a government scientist said.
Blair Arrives in Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair arrived in\Khartoum Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of\Western government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese\officials over violence in Darfur province.
Opposing Views of Sage Grouse Danger The panel that made the recommendation that the greater sage grouse was in no immediate danger of extinction was provided with two competing reviews of the available science.
Meeting Was Not First for Cheney, Edwards (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney said Tuesday that the debate against Democratic Sen. John Edwards marked the first time the two had met. In fact, the two had met twice previously.
Cheney, Edwards Controlled in Aggressive Debate (Reuters) Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney and\Democrat John Edwards wielded stilettos rather than clubs in\their vice presidential debate on Tuesday, keeping their\emotions under tight control while still delivering fierce\personal attacks on each another.
Tories take tough line on crime A Tory government would take tough action on crime and introduce random drug-testing in schools, shadow home secretary David Davis will say.
IBM tightens up WebSphere Big Blue beefs up its WebSphere 6 application server, promising better performance, reliability and simplified administration.
No White Flag Flying at PeopleSoft Oracle may yet prevail, but not because its target is surrendering. Digging in for a long fight is more likely. When PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors fired Chief Executive Craig Conway on Oct. 1, Wall Street 
Fannie Mae to Defend Action to Congress Managers of mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae will defend themselves before Congress on Wednesday against government findings that they broke accounting rules to deliver 
Fast-food operator beats target despite rising costs SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Yum Brands came in slightly ahead of Wall Street #39;s third-quarter forecasts with a 13 percent gain in earnings even as commodity prices rose.
J-Power makes strong market debut Shares of J-Power, Japan #39;s biggest electricity wholesaler, made a strong debut on Wednesday, trading at a 5.2 percent premium over their offer price as the stock #39;s perceived low risk attracted investors.
One Secure Notebook IBM announces one of its most secure notebooks to date, with the introduction of the T Series ThinkPad T42 with an integrated fingerprint reader (a \$50 option).
This Date in Baseball for Oct. 6 (AP) AP - 1926  #151; Babe Ruth hit three homers to lead the Yankees to a 10-5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals in the fourth game of the World Series.
Assault in Anaheim: Sox bury Angels Johnny Damon officially laid  quot;Cowboy Up quot; to rest as the Red Sox #39; identifying slogan prior to the start of their American League Division Series yesterday at Angel Stadium.
Walker lands two big ones in opener It has become a bit of tradition for Larry Walker that when October comes around, he goes fishing.  quot;Normally, I #39;m up in my cabin in British Columbia with my brother and some buddies fishing for some salmon 
Santana, Jones Lead Twins Past Yankees  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Johan Santana threw seven  shutout innings and Jacque Jones homered to lead the Minnesota  Twins to a 2-0 victory over New York in the opener of a  best-of-five American League Division Series at Yankee Stadium.
Just Weeks Into Retirement, Williams Wants Back in N.F.L. Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the N.F.L. how soon he can return, his agent said.
Earnhardt Fined for Checkered Language Dale Earnhardt Jr. cursed on a nationally televised Nascar broadcast on Sunday, and it cost him the lead in a close race for the Nextel Cup drivers championship.
Bird Bounces Monarchs Nursing a repaired nose, Sue Bird has 10 points and 14 assists to lead the Seattle Storm to the WNBA finals with an 82-62 win over the Sacramento Monarchs on Tuesday.
Staff layoff deal for Alitalia Unions and executives at Italy's Alitalia reach a deal with the government on layoffs, opening the way for a wholesale restructuring.
A Look at the Toys of Christmas (Near) Future As computers and hand-held electronic gadgets eat into sales, this holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one for toymakers.
Save the Trees, Save the Apes, Expert Says A UN meeting on endangered species could help secure the survival one of humanity #39;s closest living relatives, the orangutan, by saving its forest home from loggers, a leading expert said on Tuesday.
Heat have 1 practice down, but long way to go Summer games are over for the Heat. Coach Stan Van Gundy has the players now, and there will be no more freelancing offense and optional defense.
European press review European papers on Wednesday have their eyes firmly focused eastwards, ahead of a key judgment by the European Commission on whether Turkey has met European Union criteria for accession talks.
135 arrested in telemarketing-fraud investigation An international investigation has netted 135 arrests in connection with illegal telemarketing operations, many of which targeted  quot;the elderly, the needy and the vulnerable, quot; Attorney General John Ashcroft said yesterday.
Greenpeace protests Malaysia #39;s  #39;laundering #39; of ramin in RI forests BANGKOK, Thailand (DPA): Activists from the Greenpeace environmentalist group on Wednesday handcuffed themselves to the gates of the Malaysian embassy in Bangkok to protest Malaysia #39;s  quot;laundering quot; of ramin, a protected hardwood found primarily in 
Q amp;A: Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer was in the UK for barely 24 hours this week, squeezing in meetings with the recently-appointed head of egovernment Ian Watmore and Vodafone Group chief executive Arun Sarin.
Computer Assc positive about business climate NEW YORK: Computer Associates International Inc. interim Chief Executive Kenneth Cron said on Tuesday he is positive about the current business environment, and maintained the software supplier #39;s earnings outlook for its just-ended fiscal quarter.
IBM: JBoss more of threat to BEA Robert Sutor, IBM #39;s director of WebSphere Foundation Software, told ZDNet UK on Friday at a press briefing in Montpellier that the open-source application server JBoss was more of threat to BEA than to IBM #39;s own application server software WebSphere.
One down, one to go for Sox in Anaheim: Seven-run 4th helps &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Johnny Damon stats, news officially laid Cowboy Up #39; #39; to rest as the Red Sox stats, schedule #39; identifying slogan prior to the start of their American League Division Series yesterday at Angel Stadium.
Texas looks to overcome Red River losing streak In the storied, almost century-long rivalry between Oklahoma and Texas, even legendary OU Coach Bud Wilkinson lost a few games in a row to the Longhorns.
Division series notebook: Sheffield admits to steroid use Plenty of eyebrows were raised yesterday when it was learned Yankees MVP-candidate Gary Sheffield had essentially tossed himself, as well as home run king Barry Bonds, under the 
At least three Palestinians dead as US vetoes UN resolution At least three Palestinians were killed and others were wounded early Wednesday as Israeli tanks shelled houses in the northern Gaza Strip.
Afghanistan: Hamid Karzai campaigns with nephew in Mazar ELEANOR HALL: While Australians will be heading to the polls on Saturday, on the other side of the world Afghans are voting this weekend in the first ever democratic election in their country.
UK Conservatives Pounce on Trust Issue Oct. 5, 2004 - BOURNEMOUTH, England Conservative Party leader Michael Howard tried to turn next year #39;s expected national elections in Britain into a battle of trust and credibility, accusing Prime Minister 
ITALY HALTS REFUGEE EXPULSION Following a wave of criticism from opposition parties and human rights organisations, Italy has stopped its wholesale deportation from Lampedusa of more than 1,300 refugees to Libya, where Italy believes they have come from.
House defeats FDA proposal House lawmakers yesterday killed a Senate proposal to give the Food and Drug Administration authority over the manufacture and marketing of tobacco.
Woods weds in Barbados: report Golfing superstar Tiger Woods has reportedly wed girlfriend Elin Nordegren in a lavish sunset ceremony at a resort. People Magazine said Woods, 28, and the former Swedish nanny Nordegren, 24, exchanged marriage 
Cards rout LA 8-3 in opener St. Louis Cardinals Larry Walker follows through on his third inning home run against the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 1 of the National League Division Series on Tuesday at Busch Stadium in St.
There #39;s nothing to suggest this club will repeat history Maybe all you need to know about these Astros is that when someone mentioned the franchise #39;s history of first-round flameouts to Roger Clemens on Tuesday, he looked like he #39;d 
Father bets son against Aussies WELFARE authorities in the Solomon Islands have reacted with outrage after a local soccer fan reportedly offered his eight-year-old son as bait for a bet on the Solomons #39; clash with Australia.
Peterson caught in the middle Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops is keeping freshman running back Adrian Peterson off limits to the media this week, as the Sooners prepare for the Red River Shootout.
Report May Undercut Bush's Iraq Rationale (AP) AP - The final report of the chief U.S. arms inspector for Iraq was expected to undercut a principal Bush administration rationale for removing Saddam Hussein, that Saddam's Iraqi government had weapons of mass destruction.
Main points from the US vice presidential debate (AFP) AFP - Main points from the vice presidential debate between Republican Dick Cheney and Democrat John Edwards:
For Cheney and Edwards, Efforts to Improve on the Other Debate Loyalists of both parties might think the No. 2 candidates were more slashing debaters than John Kerry and President Bush.
2 Big Law Firms to Merge An American and a British law firm, both of which have expanded rapidly, announced a merger yesterday to form one of the largest corporate law firms.
Mystery of the Islamic Scholar Who Was Barred by the U.S. Tariq Ramadan, a Swiss theologian of Egyptian descent, has been chased by allegations that his public face of moderation conceals an extremist core.
Auto technology keeps Power Mac cool A desktop computer seems an unlikely place to find a car radiator. But open up the latest rendition of Apple Computer #39;s Power Mac and that is essentially what you #39;ll find.
Enron deals were sham, court told HOUSTONMerrill Lynch  amp; Co. drafted a letter in mid-June, 2000, instructing Enron Corp. to wire \$7.5 million (US) to a specified account by the end of that month to buy out the brokerage #39;s \$7 million investment in three barges.
UPDATE 1-Sola says agrees to be sold for \$815 mln Sola International (SOL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , an eyeglass lens maker, said on Sunday that it had agreed to be bought by Germany #39;s Carl Zeiss AG and European private equity firm EQT for about \$815 million in cash.
Soros winding down after good innings George Soros was handing greater control of his \$12.8 billion (R82.7 billion) money management firm over to his sons and spinning off his property, credit and buyout units, said a memo sent yesterday to investors and staff.
Almond Growers Combat Dust Clouds Almonds are one of California #39;s most valuable crops, worth \$1.5 billion a year. But harvesting them comes with its own high price, an estimated 11,220 tons of dust.
Future, past cross paths In terms of space travel, one chapter opened and another closed in America on Monday. On the same day in which the future showed a glimpse of itself when a privately built rocket ship broke through Earth #39;s 
Flight attendants union mails strike ballots SF AIRPORT -- The nation #39;s largest union of flight attendants mailed 21,000 strike authorization ballots to United Airlines attendants Thursday, setting the stage for possible strikes nationwide.
Wal-Mart picks up expansion pace Retail giant plans to build up to 250 supercenters in  #39;05 despite a rising tide of community opposition. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, plans to open more so-called supercenters next year 
Alitalia, Unions Agree on Job Cuts; Rescue Proceeds (Update1) Alitalia SpA, Italy #39;s largest airline, reached a government-brokered agreement with its labor unions that will allow the carrier to cut about 3,700 jobs and gain funding for a plan to reorganize the company.
Stocks edge up in morning TOKYO - Tokyo stocks rose Wednesday morning as gains in such shares as technology and marine transport helped erase earlier losses prompted by an overnight fall in US blue-chip shares.
Stewart trial expert acquitted NEW YORK -- A Secret Service ink expert was acquitted yesterday of lying on the stand at Martha Stewart #39;s trial, a case the homemaking expert seized on in her bid to have her conviction thrown out.
Wedding rumours abuzz in Barbados SANDY LANE BEACH, BARBADOS -- Tiger Woods went scuba diving off a yacht yesterday morning amid reports he was to marry fiancee Elin Nordegren at a sunset ceremony.
Red Sox Nation thrives in California Standing in his rhinestone-studded Elvis suit with a Massachusetts license plate dangling from his neck and a Boston Red Sox hat on 
Braves #39; Wright bounces back ATLANTA -- Jaret Wright couldn #39;t get much lower: Waived by a last-place team, he stood outside Houston #39;s Minute Maid Park with his luggage stacked beside him, waiting for a cab to the airport.
Jackson swears loyalty to team Stephen Jackson already has made clear his willingness to do whatever it takes to be a part of a winning team again -- including coming off the bench behind Indiana Pacers veteran Reggie Miller.
US vetoes Arab resolution United Nations - The United States on Tuesday vetoed an Arab-backed draft resolution at the United Nations Security Council, which would have called on Israel to end its deadly military operation in the Gaza Strip.
Megawati unlikely to contest poll loss Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri is unlikely to contest her defeat in last month #39;s presidential election race at the constitutional court.
Oz to establish regional spy school ADELAIDE, Australia (AFP) - A training school for counter-terrorist spies from Australia, South East Asia and the Pacific will be set up if the coalition is re-elected on Saturday, Prime Minister John Howard said Tuesday.
Fannie Mae to Defend Action to Congress (Reuters) Reuters - Managers of mortgage finance giant\Fannie Mae will defend themselves before Congress on Wednesday\against government findings that they broke accounting rules to\deliver steady earnings growth quarter after quarter.
Phone scam probe nets 2 Two Gilbert brothers were arrested Monday as part of a worldwide crackdown on telemarketing schemes that have victimized more than 5 million people for an estimated \$1 billion in losses.
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks End Higher, Dollar Up Tokyo stocks ended higher for the fifth straight session Wednesday on optimism for solid corporate earnings and hopes for economic recovery.
Cassell a no-show, Mourning a no-go, Pippen retires Two things are certain in life: The sun will rise in the East, and Sam Cassell will be unhappy with his contract. Training camps opened Tuesday around the NBA, but Cassell declined to grace the Minnesota Timberwolves with his presence.
Israelis Kill Islamic Jihad Leader GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Oct. 6, 2004 - Israel stepped up airstrikes in its Gaza offensive, killing an Islamic Jihad leader and bringing to 75 the number of Palestinians killed in the operation to end rocket fire on Israeli towns.
Amnesty China Arrests, Jails Human Rights Defenders  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Human rights defenders face arrest and  torture in China, and the European Union should raise the issue  at a summit with Beijing's leaders this week, Amnesty  International said in a new report Monday.
Volcano Appears to Rest After Letting Off Steam The earthquakes that have shaken the area for two weeks stopped almost entirely after Mount St. Helens let out a burst of steam and ash for the fifth straight day.
Money Now Sole Obstacle to Khmer Rouge Trials -UN (Reuters) Reuters - Funding is the only obstacle to\U.N. approval for Cambodia to begin long-delayed trials of\former Khmer Rouge leaders blamed for some 1.7 million deaths,\the United Nations said on Friday.
Recent Winners of Nobel Prize in Chemistry (AP) AP - Recent winners of the Nobel Prize in chemistry, and their research, according to the Nobel Foundation:
Sudan Calls Out U.S. on Genocide Claim (AP) AP - Sudan's U.N. ambassador challenged the United States to send troops to the Darfur region if it really believes a genocide is taking place as the U.S. Congress and President Bush's administration have determined.
Bush to Hit at Kerry on Security, Economy (AP) AP - After a shaky debate performance and new controversy over the war in Iraq, President Bush is stepping up his criticism of Sen. John Kerry on national security and the economy.
Spain Wins Davis Cup As Moya Tops Roddick (AP) AP - Andy Roddick searched out Carlos Moya in the throng of jumping, screaming Spanish tennis players, hoping to shake hands.
Cheney, Edwards clash on Iraq in debate (AFP) AFP - US Vice President Dick Cheney and Democratic rival John Edwards clashed on Iraq, terrorism, and the economy in their only debate, trading frequently personal attacks 28 days before the November 2 election.
Corporate Tax Bill Nears Final Approval (AP) AP - Supporters of a major rewrite of corporate tax law are optimistic they will be able to complete congressional action this week on legislation needed to end a bitter trade fight with Europe and shower  #36;130 billion in new tax breaks on businesses.
State Dept. Reports Increase in Refugees (AP) AP - The number of refugees admitted to the United States nearly doubled over the past year, primarily due to more efficient screening procedures, the State Department said Monday.
This Fannie needs a serious spanking Robert Reich, former secretary of labor in the Clinton administration, is the author of  quot;Reason: Why Liberals Will Win the Battle for America.
Update 2: Reports: Alitalia Signs Deal With Italy Struggling Italian flagship carrier Alitalia signed an agreement overnight with the government and labor unions on helping employees whose jobs will be slashed under a plan to save the airline, news reports said Wednesday.
Carphone enjoys  #39;buoyant #39; market Demand for mobile phones remains  quot;robust quot; according to the latest update from retailer Carphone Warehouse. In the 13 weeks to 25 September, the firm saw connections grow by 25 on the same period a year ago to 1.55 million.
Ex-Enron exec makes deal, will plead guilty to fraud Former Enron Corp. Assistant Treasurer Timothy Despain was charged in Houston federal court Tuesday with conspiracy to commit securities fraud and has agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors investigating the company.
Soros gives US\$12B empire to his sons A survivor of the Nazi regime and later the communists in his homeland of Hungary, the 74-year-old Mr. Soros has built his massive investment empire worth some US\$12.
Mass. fund to rehire Putnam The state yesterday rehired the poster child for the mutual fund scandal and fired the industry #39;s current golden child. The Massachusetts state pension fund 
INDUSTRY REPORT: Sotheby #39;s plans November sale Sotheby #39;s Holdings Inc. almost quadrupled its guarantees to art collectors including Philip Berman #39;s heir and Hester Diamond in the last year as it gathered works for a November sale in New York and overtook 
Editorial:The right stuff of imagination In a scene from the film  quot;The Right Stuff, sunlight streams through the window of astronaut Leroy Gordon  quot;Gordo quot; Cooper #39;s Faith 7 spacecraft as it reaches orbit.
Yahoo unveils personalisation tool Scouring the web using Yahoo is set to become a lot more personal following the unveiling of the beta version of a host of new tools that allow users to search and save results just they way they want to.
Ballmer:  #39;Bad guys #39; aren #39;t going away According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
Video to DVD, Sans PC You can archive old home movies onto DVD without ever touching a PC. We explore your options and offer some tips on doing it right.
New Sony computer boasts 1,000 gigabytes of storage; can record &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sony Corp. will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with a 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage - enough to record seven TV channels for a week straight, the company said.
Slugger admits unwitting steroid use Gary Sheffield signed with the Yankees to play in the postseason, and he said he won #39;t be distracted by a controversy stemming from his admission to unknowingly using a steroid two years.
LA starter Perez lost it in a hurry Los Angeles Dodgers starter Odalis Perez learned just how quickly things can unravel against the potent St. Louis Cardinals. After allowing Albert Pujols #39;s first-inning 
Local media confirm Woods marriage BARBADOS, West Indies -- Tiger Woods married his Swedish girlfriend Elin Nordegren at a ceremony on the Caribbean island of Barbados, local media reported.
BECKS: OWEN #39;S GOT A REAL PROBLEM DAVID BECKHAM last night backed Michael Owen to prove he deserves to be a Real Madrid galactico but admitted that his new club-mate will have to prove it himself.
FOOTBALL: WE JUST COULDN #39;T SAY NO TO 100M ARSENE WENGER will finally sign a new three-year contract extension with Arsenal by the end of the week as the club prepare to face a fans #39; backlash over the naming of their new stadium.
UNITED: RIVALS LINE UP NEW BID A RIVAL consortium last night declared war on US tycoon Malcolm Glazer #39;s bid to take control of Manchester United. Former Football League chairman Keith Harris is heading a team of  #39;red knights #39; to wrestle the club from dollar billionaire Glazer.
 quot;Other quot; starters chip in for Storm Even with its MVP forward and All-Star point guard, the Storm was a flawed team. It was predictable, relying too heavily on the tandem of Lauren Jackson and Sue Bird.
South Africa pushes ahead with its bid for a GP South Africa is progressing with its plans to host a round of the F1 World Championship from 2007 onwards. South Africa last held a F1 grand prix in 1993, which was won by Alain Prost, and is now keen to return to the F1 fold.
Lewis may have to sit after guilty plea The Baltimore Ravens expect Jamal Lewis to play Sunday night against the Washington Redskins. However, they already are preparing for the possibility an NFL suspension would take away their star running back for up to four games.
Body count grows in besieged Gaza camp JABALIYA, Gaza StripThe harvest of death in this most dispossessed of refugee camps continued yesterday as the Israeli army finished its first week in a grim, open-ended manhunt for Palestinian militants, killing 10 people and wounding at least nine.
11 killed in latest Iraq bombings BAGHDAD - At least eleven people, including two suicide bombers, were killed and dozens injured in Iraq yesterday as insurgents continued to target United States and Iraqi security forces using car bombs.
Bigley granted Irish passport The Irish government has given Kenneth Bigley - kidnapped in Iraq - an Irish passport in a bid to stress his non-British roots. It was issued following appeals from his family and his dual citizenship means 
Howard tries to kick-start Tories Tory leader Michael Howard has kick-started his party #39;s gloomy General Election prospects with a key speech on crime and pensions.
China to 'phase out' measures aimed at cooling economy (AFP) AFP - China will phase out measures aimed at reining in the overheating economy amid fears that the tough controls may lead to a hard landing, a press report said.
News Corp. May Boost Governance to Ease Vote  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd. has  offered an olive branch to investors opposed to it moving its  main share listing to the United States, telling them it is  considering moves to enhance shareholder rights.
George Washington Upsets No. 12 Maryland (AP) AP - George Washington's weekend has to rank among the best in school history. The Colonials beat two Top 25 teams in winning the BB amp;T Classic and have won five straight since a season-opening loss to top-ranked Wake Forest.
US Air Pilots to Vote on Pay-Cut Proposal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways took a crucial  step toward securing \$300 million in concessions from its  pilots union late on Tuesday when leaders of the labor group  said they would forward a plan to cut wages and benefits to all  pilots for a vote.
Crude oil price stays above \$50 Crude oil prices stay close to record levels at more than \$51 a barrel, amid production problems in the Gulf of Mexico.
For younger workers, family matters Employers take heed: Baby boomers might have been content to put work above all else, but that's not necessarily true of Generations X and Y.
AT amp;T Wireless cranks up music service You're at a dance club or shopping mall when you hear a great new song. So you pull out your cellphone, press a few keys, hold it up to the speakers, then press a few more keys. Now a digital recording of the song is on its way to your home computer, with the 99-cent charge added to your phone ...
Health costs expected to grow 8 Healthcare costs in employer-sponsored plans are expected to rise an average of 8 percent in 2005, the first time the increase has sunk to single digits in the last five years, a new survey said.
Director: PeopleSoft open to an Oracle deal PeopleSoft Inc.'s board is prepared to drop its ferocious resistance to Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid and negotiate a price above the current \$7.7 billion offer if there's ''high certainty quot; a deal can be done quickly, a company director said in court yesterday.
Oil sets new record on lengthy US supply outage Oil prices hit a new record near \$51 a barrel yesterday as a prolonged US production outage following Hurricane Ivan attracted fresh speculative buying.
Unions clear way for Alitalia turnaround plan Clearing the way for a do-or-die restructuring, unions at Italian airline Alitalia AZPIa.MI have agreed to unemployment packages for around 3,700 employees, union sources say.
UPS va racheter la division Menlo Worldwide Forwarding de CNF PALO ALTO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)5 Octobre 2004--CNF Inc (NYSE:CNF) a annonc aujourd #39;hui un accord dfinitif avec UPS. Selon les termes de l #39;accord UPS va racheter la division de fret Menlo Worldwide 
IBM Rolling Out Biggest WebSphere Update in 2 Years IBM late on Tuesday announced the biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and fixing problems.
73 membres pour la Blu-ray Disc Association La Blu-ray Disc Association a publi hier un communiqu de presse donnant la liste exacte de ses membres. Cette dernire est assez impressionnante et ce sont 73 constructeurs, dveloppeurs, diteurs ou 
Golfing superstar Tiger Woods gets married in Barbados A lavish wedding ceremony was heldin Sandy Lane resort, Barbados on Tuesday for the former world number one golfer Tiger Woods and his girlfriend Elin Nordegren, aformer Swedish nanny, reported People Magazine.
US vetoes resolution calling for Israeli halt to Gaza operations The United States vetoed an Arab-backed UN Security Council resolution calling for a halt to Israeli military operations in Gaza. Last night #39;s vote in the 15-member Security Council was 
Morning Briefing The head of Fannie Mae is sure to come under fire when he testifies before Congress today. At a Capitol Hill hearing, Franklin Raines is scheduled to make his first public comments since an accounting scandal surfaced last month at the mortgage giant.
The whole lie and nothing but the lie One of these days, a government expert will be punished for lying on a witness stand. Raising his right hand. Swearing to tell the truth.
WSJ: Adelphia May Reject Joint Bid Bankrupt cable company Adelphia Communications Corp. may refuse to allow Comcast Corp. and Time Warner Inc. to make a joint bid for the cable company, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Mexico set to pass Canada in vehicle sales Mexico is poised overtake Canada in annual passenger vehicle sales by 2010, a situation one economist says could make it more difficult for Canada to lure future investments from automakers, including the construction of new assembly plants and 
11 killed by bomb A roadside bomb killed 10 Indian soldiers and their civilian driver Sunday in Indian-controlled Kashmir in separatist guerrillas #39; most devastating attack since 
IBM Rolling Out Biggest WebSphere Update in 2 Years (Reuters) Reuters - IBM late on Tuesday announced the\biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in\two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and\fixing problems.
Microsoft Ships Virtual Machine For Mac (TechWeb) TechWeb - Microsoft ships Virtual PC for Mac, version 7.
Mixed fortunes for fashion chains Fashion retailers Austin Reed and Ted Baker have reported contrasting fortunes on the High Street. Austin Reed reported interim losses of 2.
Alaska Airlines: September traffic rose Alaska Airlines flew 1.25 billion revenue passenger miles during the month, up from 1.09 billion miles flown a year earlier. Monthly load factor rose to 68.
Update 1: Singapore Shares End Higher Singapore shares ended higher Wednesday led by selected blue chips, with investors expecting the market rally to continue, traders said.
Bratz topples Barbie in Battle of the Dolls At the ripe old age of 45, Barbie has been knocked off her perch in Britain by streetwise upstart Bratz in the Christmas battle of the dolls.
AstraZeneca delays Galida filing to 2007 LONDON, October 6 (newratings.com) - AstraZeneca (AZN.ISE) has delayed the regulatory approval filing target for its diabetes drug, Galida, from 2006 to 2007, while admitting that its anti-blood clotting drug, Exanta, was unlikely to receive the US 
Microsoft adds MSN TV 2 Internet  amp; Media Player Microsoft #39;s MSN TV division has introduced its MSN TV 2 Internet  amp; Media Player, a broadband-enabled device designed to bring MSN content, PC-stored digital media and email to televisions.
Deal to salvage troubled Alitalia ALITALIA bosses and unions along with the government today announced their agreement on a deal to salvage the troubled Italian flag-carrier.
Fannie Mae #39;s Raines Strongly #39; Disagrees With Regulator Report Fannie Mae Chief Executive Franklin Raines will tell a US House panel the largest government- sponsored mortgage finance company strongly #39; #39; disagrees with a report by its regulator 
Singapore prices close 0.21 percent higher in cautious trading SINGAPORE : Singapore shares prices closed 0.21 percent higher Wednesday, with investors cautious as record high oil prices prompted a round of quick profit-taking on any gains, dealers said.
AstraZeneca Faces Another Setback as Galida Filing Delayed AstraZeneca Plc, the UK #39;s second-biggest drugmaker, delayed the regulatory filing of its diabetes medicine Galida by a year to 2007, a setback that comes a month after US scientists questioned 
Google Launches Amazon-Style Book Search Business Google Inc. on Wednesday quietly launched a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
AMD dual-core Opterons gain SSE 3 support AMD #39;s dual-core AMD64 chips will provide instructions compatible with Intel #39;s SSE 3 technology, the chip maker announced at the Microprocessor Forum yesterday.
Microsoft plans tune-up of Media Center PC With the next generation of Media Center PCs, you #39;ll be able to have your TV and record it too. For the first time, Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center Edition is supporting multiple tuners, meaning that consumers 
BERLIN, Germany, October 6 (PRNewswire) Replace MP3 players and PDAs with AIBO. With the advanced new AIBO MIND 2software, AIBO gains the ability to record moving pictures through wirelessconnectivity, recognise patterns, voices and faces, obey 
Wanted: Simple home security How much data can fit through broadband pipes? The next big broadband battle is going to turn on that very question. With data speeds increasing and monthly charges now within range of most family budgets, you 
EarthLink gets into VoIP EarthLink Inc, one of the US #39;s largest consumer ISPs, said yesterday it has started offering free voice over IP calls to subscribers of its high speed service.
Sun doubles UltraSparc performance Sun Microsystems has announced an upgrade to its UltraSparc IV processor with further use of chip multithreading. UltraSparc IV is a dual core design fabricated by Texas Instruments on its 90nm process.
Apple testing guru banned from... testing TO ANYONE working in the technology press, the reluctance of Apple to send out review machines to magazines or websites is notorious.
India #39;s Kumble claims 400th test scalp India #39;s Anil Kumble became the third spin bowler in test history to take 400 wickets on the opening day of the first test against Australia on Wednesday.
Tiger ties the knot Former world number one Tiger Woods has married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at the luxury Sandy Lane resort in Barbados. Eight-times major winner Woods, widely regarded as the best player 
Glazer set for charm mission MALCOLM Glazer is to launch a charm offensive to persuade fellow major Manchester United shareholders to back his proposed takeover bid.
Pakistan confident of winning one-day tri-series MULTAN: Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul Haq is confident his revitalised team can win their first home one-day cricket title ahead of their first tri-series match against outsiders Zimbabwe here.
Dale Jr. slips to 2nd after slip of tongue The exuberant utterance of a four-letter word could end up costing Dale Earnhardt Jr., stock-car racing #39;s most popular driver, his first NASCAR championship and has touched off 
Sub crew safe after fire off the coast of Ireland HALIFAX (CP) - Canada #39;s problem-plagued submarine fleet was hit by another major setback Tuesday when a small electrical fire broke out aboard HMCS Chicoutimi as it was making its maiden trip to Canada from its former base in Scotland.
US-led forces push to retake rebel zone US and Iraqi forces have pushed on with their second major offensive in a week, hunting insurgents in a triangle southwest of Baghdad that has become one of Iraq #39;s most notorious hot spots.
Bid for UN seat  #39;solid, #39; Powell says Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said yesterday that Brazil is a  quot;serious quot; and  quot;solid quot; candidate for a permanent seat in an expanded UN Security Council, although 
Tony Blair arrives in Sudan for talks Prime Minister Tony Blair has touched down in the Sudan for talks in the crisis-ridden country. Mr Blair arrived in capital city Khartoum ready to urge the Sudanese government to end the slaughter that has 
Deal near to end Sadr City battle Iraq #39;s interim government could be within days of reaching what a US official calls a  quot;breakthrough quot; deal to end fighting for control of Sadr City, a Shiite slum on the eastern outskirts of Baghdad.
US, Iraqi Forces Conducting Anti-Insurgency Operations 6 October 2004 -- US and Iraqi forces today conducted sweeping operations south of Baghdad and continued pounding suspected militant positions in the town of Al-Fallujah.
Iran adds to int #39;l worries with high range missile LONDON, Oct 6 (IranMania) - Iran declared Tuesday it had ballistic missiles with a range of 2,000 kilometres (1,240 miles) and could produce ones with a greater range, an announcement likely to add to international concerns over its weapons capabilities.
French PM hits out at hostage bid fiasco French prime minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin has denied allegations his government secretly endorsed a failed attempt by maverick congressional deputy Didier Julia to free two journalists held in Iraq.
Job-Seekers #39; Odyssey Freighted With Risk The smuggler tantalized the young men of Zenara with a promise to get them out of the fly-covered poverty of their town 50 miles north of Cairo and transport them to a promised land of jobs and money in Italy.
Fannie Mae execs set their defense Managers of mortgage finance company Fannie Mae will defend themselves before Congress Wednesday amid government findings that they broke accounting rules to deliver steady earnings growth quarter after quarter.
Austin Reed gets dressing down Upmarket clothing firm Austin Reed ARD.L has posted a first-half loss as it struggles to appeal to women over 40, who it says are rejecting its Country Casual brand for more youthful fashions.
StarHub share offer to raise \$271m StarHub Ltd., Singapore #39;s sole cable TV operator, has priced its initial public offering at the bottom of its forecast range, raising S\$457.
Your Own Web at Yahoo  #39;My Web #39; Internet portal Yahoo has launched a personalization feature in its search engine in an effort to counter Google #39;s ever-rising popularity.
Intel, Nokia team up to develop  quot;smart quot; phone Chip giant Intel announced that it has joined forces with the world #39;s largest handset maker, Nokia, to develop the next generation mobile phone.
Blogger Boss to Leave Google The co-founder of Blogger, one of the original Weblogging services and now owned by Google Inc., is leaving the company by the end of the week.
Lanka will depend on Asia Cup momentum Karachi, October 5: Sri Lankan captain Marvan Atapattu said his side must build on their Asia Cup win as they face hosts Pakistan in the tri-series one-day tournament here at the National Stadium tomorrow.
Lazio face tough encounters Forty qualifiers were divided into eight groups of five at today #39;s draw for the inaugural UEFA Cup group stage in Switzerland, with the top seeds SS Lazio drawn in a testing pool alongside opposition from Spain, England, Serbia and Montenegro, and Greece.
Pirated copies of Windows XP cannot install Service Pack 2 Paying customers only: Microsoft. Company has blocked registration codes that are known to be from illegal copies. Q: I thought that Microsoft was going to make Service Pack 2 available to all XP users, licensed or unlicensed.
Owen  amp; Becks named on World Player short-list Justice has been served. Following his dynamic season for Liverpool, breathtaking contribution at Euro 2004, and goals-laden start to his career in Spain, Michael Owen has rightly been named on the shortlist for the FIFA World Player of the Year award.
BAR not ready to beat Ferrari - Sato BAR has a long way to go before it can dream of regularly beating world champion team Ferrari, 2005 driver Takuma Sato said on Wednesday.
US Warplanes Bomb Suspected Zarqawi Safe House in Fallujah The US military in Iraq says warplanes struck a building in Fallujah Wednesday that is alleged to be a safe house for wanted terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
Straw upbeat over Iraq elections Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said he is impressed with the progress made on preparing for elections in Iraq. After meeting with the country #39;s independent electoral commission, Mr Straw said he was  quot;encouraged quot; by the technical progress being made.
Afghan Election Hopeful Survives Assassination Attempt A convoy carrying Afghan President Hamid Karzais vice presidential running-mate came under attack today in north-eastern Afghanistan, the presidential palace said.
A Simple Plan Some here might remember a time when Kuro5hin was full of (arguably) interesting commentary, articles, and diaries. Today, by contrast, it is about half crapflooding and other inane drivel and half (arguably) interesting commentary, or at least commentary written with an earnest intent to be interesting. How can that situation be rectified? And why should we care? Within, I discuss these two questions drawing from observation of the Daily Kos (ignoring its political nature if we can).
Comparing Australian Foreign Policy With Respect To Terrorism   Australia is facing a federal election on October 9th with the two main parties having little to separate them in domestic and economic policy. Where the Liberal and Labor parties differ greatly is in foreign policy. The Liberal Party adheres to the "Great and Powerful Friends" doctrine while the Labor Party pursues the doctrine of "Asian Engagement".        Since the September 11th attacks on the United States, terrorism has been thrust to the fore as the dominant security issue facing western nations. Australia has not had a terrorist attack on its shores; but two attacks in Bali and Jakarta have occurred in Indonesia that can be construed as terrorist attacks against Australia. Consequently terrorism for Australia is a foreign policy issue. On this basis the competing foreign policies of the Liberal Party and Labor Party can be compared.  
FIFA publish World Player of the year list FIFA has given out the nominees list for the 2004 World Player award to be presented on December 20th at the Zurich Opera House. 35 contenders are listed.
STANFORD NOTEBOOK Gilbertson gives edge to Stanford Washington coach Keith Gilbertson, whose team lost to Notre Dame and Stanford the past two weeks, thinks Stanford (3-1) might have some advantages in its game Saturday at Notre Dame (3-2).
Straw Again Rules Out Bigley Kidnap Negotiations The British government is ready to listen Ken Bigleys kidnappers but will not enter into negotiations with them for the hostages release, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said in Baghdad today.
Nuclear ship docks in French port The first of two ships carrying weapons-grade plutonium from the United States has docked in France. The British-registered Pacific Pintail is said to be carrying enough plutonium to make 40 nuclear bombs.
Karzai #39;s Running Mate Escapes Afghan Mine Blast Afghan President Hamid Karzai #39;s running mate for Saturday #39;s historic presidential election escaped unhurt Wednesday when a mine exploded under his convoy in the remote northeast of the country.
2.7m loss doesn #39;t suit Reed chiefs A LOSS of 2.7 million at the half-year stage was today described by management at clothing group Austin Reed as  quot;unacceptable quot;.
Alaska Air sees \$45 mln-\$55 mln in severance costs Alaska Air Group Inc. (ALK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it expects \$45 million to \$55 million in pre-tax costs for severance pay and other benefits for employees laid off during its planned restructuring.
Michigan struggling to fill nursing ranks, study shows Michigan needs to grow its supply of nurses because the state #39;s 143,604 licensed nurses are graying, and there #39;s no untapped pool of nurses who can fill the gap as they retire, a survey released today concludes.
Tiger Woods Marries Swedish Ex-Nanny  LONDON (Reuters) - Former world No. 1 Tiger Woods has  married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at the luxury Sandy Lane  resort in Barbados, The Daily Nation newspaper reported on  Wednesday.
California dreamin'? It's a reality ANAHEIM, Calif. -- The blueprint was followed down to almost every nuance, every wrinkle, every desired contour.
Caminiti guilty but has served time Former NL Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti admitted in court that he violated his probation by testing positive for cocaine last month, and was sentenced to 180 days in jail in Houston. But State District Judge William Harmon gave Caminiti credit for time served in jail and a treatment facility since he was sentenced to three years probation for cocaine ...
A place is saved for Hernandez As expected, the Yankees bumped first baseman Jason Giambi off the playoff roster yesterday to save a place for tired-armed righthander Orlando Hernandez , who manager Joe Torre said will get  quot;every opportunity to be in the mix. quot;
Santana was an escape artist The Great Santana, he was not. But even the Pretty Good Santana was enough to silence the Yankees last night.
&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; in free (ish) wine giveaway &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Sign up for newsletter, get  #163;20 Virgin plonk voucher
Boras holds the line on Varitek and Lowe As much as the Red Sox want to prevent Jason Varitek from playing elsewhere next year, they had their last best chance this season to work out a deal with him in spring training. They have not negotiated with Varitek, a potential free agent, since then and will not have their next opportunity to reach an agreement ...
Wright back on right track Jaret Wright couldn't get much lower: Waived by the last-place San Diego Padres last summer, he stood outside Houston's Minute Maid Park with his luggage stacked beside him, waiting for a cab that would take him to the airport.
He's in position to succeed In his ninth year with the Patriots, Tedy Bruschi has continued to defy description. Is he a defensive lineman in a linebacker's body? Or is he a linebacker with a defensive lineman's demeanor?
School net search throws up porn Sixth formers ask Jeeves for information on the heart and get links to hardcore porn.
Payton finding his place Gary  quot;The Mentor quot; Payton made his presence felt yesterday at Patrick Gymnasium. He clapped to offer encouragement. He pulled Marcus Banks aside for pointers. He talked about his favorite role, as team leader. By force of physical fitness and personality, Payton dominated the first day of Celtics training camp on the court and in conversation.
New rule isn't very practical Prior to the preseason, the NBA instituted new rules about the amount of time each team can actively practice each day. Not including teaching, stretching, shooting, weightlifting, and film review, coaches are limited to three hours of practice per day.
China opens up to Electronic Arts EA, the world's biggest computer games firm, is setting up a studio in China to push online games.
Pippen makes one final smooth move Scottie Pippen played the sidekick to basketball's greatest star, creating a partnership the Chicago Bulls parlayed into an NBA dynasty with six titles in the 1990s.
'Buoyant' market for Carphone Mobile phone retailer Carphone Warehouse says recent trading has been better than expected thanks to "robust" demand.
Today's schedule College field hockey: Providence at URI, 3:30 p.m.; Elms at Becker, 4 p.m.; Union at Middlebury, 4 p.m.; Bates at Husson, 5 p.m.; Northeastern at Harvard, 7 p.m.; UConn at BC, 7 p.m.; Dartmouth at UNH, 7 p.m.; Quinnipiac at Yale, 7 p.m.
Big Red ready to see Crimson Last year's game against Cornell, was both a win and a loss for the Harvard football team. The Crimson defeated Cornell, 27-0, but lost quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick in the fourth quarter because of a fracture in his right hand that bumped him out of the lineup for two games.
Melrose uses a 1-2 punch to knock out Winchester In the 18 years of Melrose girls' soccer, the Red Raiders had never beaten Winchester.
Transactions BASEBALL Detroit (AL): Exercised option on manager Alan Trammell. Philadelphia (NL): Retained first base coach Milt Thompson, bench coach Gary Varsho, bullpen coach Ramon Henderson, and catching instructor Mick Billmeyer.
Another win for Heikki Kovalainen! Fin RDD driver Kovalainen scored a new podium and a new victory last weekend in Barcelona. He now increases his lead in the World Series championship. Looking good!
IBM Rolling Out Biggest WebSphere Update in 2 Years  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM late on Tuesday announced the  biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in  two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and  fixing problems.
Experts Say Control Systems Vulnerable Businesses and government agencies must re-examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said Tuesday.
S. Korea Claims North Has 600 Computer Hackers Communist North Korea is believed to have trained up to 600 computer hackers to launch cyberattacks against countries such as the United States and South Korea, according to South Korea's Defense Ministry.
Satellite Mishap Blamed on Human Error A \$239 million satellite toppled to a factory floor last year because nobody bothered to check that it was secure before moving it, according to a NASA investigation board's report on the mishap.
World's Top Game Players Battle for Cash For the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough.
DNA pioneer Wilkins dies aged 88 Professor Maurice Wilkins, who helped unlock the structure of DNA with Crick, Watson and Franklin, has died aged 88.
Extinct humans left louse legacy Some of the head lice infesting people today were spread to us thousands of years ago by an extinct species of humans like &lt;i&gt;Homo erectus&lt;/i&gt;.
Deep-sea trawling's 'great harm' A coalition of environmental and conservation groups calls for a ban on the damaging fishing practice known as bottom-trawling.
Mussel beds flourish again BBC Northern Ireland rural affairs correspondent Martin Cassidy looks at the renewed strength of mussel fishing in Belfast Lough.
Karzai's Running Mate Escapes Afghan Mine Blast  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai's running  mate for Saturday's historic presidential election escaped  unhurt Wednesday when a mine exploded under his convoy in the  remote northeast of the country.  Vice presidential candidate Ahmad Zia Masood, the brother of  assassinated resistance hero Ahmad Shah Masood, had gone to  Faizabad, the capital of mountainous Badakhshan province, for a  campaign rally.
No Deal on Ending Baghdad Clashes-Senior Sadr Aide  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The chief spokesman for rebel Iraqi  cleric Moqtada al-Sadr said on Wednesday no deal had been  agreed with Iraq's government to end fighting in Baghdad's  Shi'ite slum district of Sadr City.
U.S. Stretches Out S. Korea Troop Cut Until 2008  WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - The United States agreed under  pressure from South Korea Wednesday to stretch out over an  additional three years until 2008 the withdrawal of 12,500 U.S.  troops from that country.
Shipment of Bomb-Grade Plutonium Reaches France  CHERBOURG, France (Reuters) - A shipment of 308 pounds of  U.S. weapons-grade plutonium arrived in the French port of  Cherbourg Wednesday, despite protests by anti-nuclear  campaigners who fear it is vulnerable to a terrorist attack.
UN probing Nepal disappearances A fact-finding mission from the UN begins investigating the large number of political disappearances in Nepal.
Cricket: Kumble hits milestone Indian spinner Anil Kumble takes his 400th Test wicket but Australia reach 316-5 at the close in Bangalore.
Somalis make case to be president Twenty-eight candidates seek support from MPs to be Somalia's new leader ahead of elections on 10 October.
Pentagon rebuffs troop criticism The Pentagon tries to deflect charges that there were not enough troops on the ground at the time of the Iraq invasion.
Strasbourg plot suspects on trial The trial starts of 10 suspects in a failed attempt to blow up a Christmas market in Strasbourg in 2000.
Pakistan reporters reach Srinagar A team of Pakistani journalists on a landmark visit to Indian-administered Kashmir arrive in Srinagar.
Negotiations seek peace in Fallujah BAGHDAD -- Iraqi government officials said yesterday they were quietly negotiating with leaders from the rebel-held city of Fallujah to end a months-long standoff there and avoid a full-scale invasion to take it back from insurgents.
Oil, Astra Lead European Stocks Down  PARIS (Reuters) - European shares retreated on Wednesday as  AstraZeneca's business update disappointed investors and on  nagging concerns that soaring oil prices will hurt the quality  of future earnings.
Range of new missiles said to top 1,200 miles TEHRAN -- Iran said yesterday its missiles now have a range of more than 1,200 miles, a substantial extension of their previously declared range. The old version of Iran's Shahab-3 missile had a range of 810 miles, capable of reaching Israel and various US military bases in the Middle East. In August, Iran tested a new version of the Shahab-3, ...
Top UN envoy details lack of progress in Darfur crisis UNITED NATIONS -- The top UN envoy to Sudan said yesterday that the Sudanese government has failed to improve security for the embattled people of Darfur or to bring to justice the perpetrators of atrocities during the 19-month conflict.
Israel diverts airliner to Cyprus in bomb scare TEL AVIV -- Israeli fighter planes escorted a German airliner bound for the Jewish state to Cyprus yesterday after a bomb threat that was the latest in a string of such scares in Europe that turned out to be hoaxes.
Mortgage Applications Flat Last Week-MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  were virtually unchanged last week although 30-year mortgage  rates rose to their highest level in a month, an industry group  said on Wednesday.
Woman dies days after son's death in Iraq TUCSON -- A 45-year-old woman collapsed and died days after learning her son had been killed in Iraq, and just hours after seeing his body.
Hurricanes Leave Huge Economic Footprint The four hurricanes that recently struck the southeastern United States left a lingering imprint on the national economy by pushing up oil prices, wiping out jobs and disrupting shipments of fruits and vegetables to grocery stores.
Virgin and SN seal Belgian merger Low-cost airline Virgin Express agrees a tie-up with SN Brussels, the successor to collapsed Belgian carrier Sabena.
Astros Killer Bs Running Out of Chances ATLANTA - The Killer B's are back to try again, facing a familiar nemesis. Who knows? This might be the last chance for Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell to show they can come through when it matters most...
Congress Speeds Up 9/11 Legislation Vote WASHINGTON - Racing the clock, Senate leaders are applying finishing touches to bipartisan legislation addressing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations just as House GOP leaders prepare to debate their version, which Democrats call partisan and weak...
Sharon Aide Nixes Palestinian State JERUSALEM - The real objective of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank is to freeze Palestinian statehood indefinitely, with U.S. blessing, the prime minister's point man with the Bush administration acknowledged in an interview published Wednesday...
Voluntary Flu Vaccine Rationing Urged WASHINGTON - Federal health officials are urging doctors to restrict flu shots to those patients at highest risk from influenza, an appeal for voluntary rationing after the nation's vaccine supply was abruptly cut in half.    British regulators unexpectedly shut down a major flu-shot supplier Tuesday, citing manufacturing problems at the Chiron Corp...
U.S. Delays Troops Withdrawl From S. Korea SEOUL, South Korea - The United States will withdraw 12,500 troops from South Korea by 2008, delaying its original plan to redeploy the troops by the end of next year, the South Korean Defense Ministry said Wednesday.    In a statement, the ministry said the U.S...
Convoy of Karzai's Running Mate Is Attacked A convoy carrying Afghan President Hamid Karzai's vice presidential running-mate came under attack Wednesday in northeastern Afghanistan, the presidential palace and other officials said, the third attack on Karzai's supporters ahead of landmark weekend elections.
Who's afraid of portable storage media? AdvancedForce CEO Vladimir Chernavsky says the latest row about USB ports is part of a bigger debate about how best to manage access to external memory.
House GOP Brings Up Draft  In Order to Knock It Down   Rumors of reinstating the military draft, which have flourished for months in panicky e-mails, online chat rooms, college dorms and student newspapers, suddenly dominated  the House floor yesterday in one of the strangest parliamentary maneuvers in memory. With even its sponsor voting against it, a bill to require young adults to perform military or civil service failed, 402 to 2.
Playoff fever hits some on the job Executives around Boston ended business meetings with a handshake and a cheer of ''Go Sox quot; yesterday, turned office televisions from CNN to baseball, and left the office early to catch the team's first playoff game against the Anaheim Angels, which the Sox won 9-3. The weekday afternoon matchup, which started around 4 p.m., sparked workplace debates across Massachusetts, as some ...
Cheney and Edwards Go Toe to Toe in Debate Iraq and terrorism dominated a hard-hitting and sometimes personal exchange between the vice presidential nominees on Tuesday.
Syrian Sees a Calming of Tension   After six months of public tension between Syria and the United States, relations have settled down into a more pragmatic mode. At least this is how Syria's ambassador to Washington,    Imad Moustapha , describes it.
Stewart case ink expert found not guilty of lying An ink expert who testified for the government at the Martha Stewart trial was found not guilty yesterday of lying on the witness stand.
Genentech gets a subpoena Genentech Inc. , the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, received a subpoena from the US attorney's office in Philadelphia as part of a criminal and civil probe into marketing of Rituxan, its top-selling drug.
Japan to Press U.S. on Troops Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura said Tuesday he will press his country's case in Washington this week for reducing what he called the "the excessive burden" placed on Okinawa by the presence of U.S. troops.
Wanted: Simple home security Jon Oltsik says the explosion in broadband use forces a rethinking of Internet security. But a lethargic vendor response is not a promising harbinger.
Diplomats: IAEA, Brazil Reach Agreement Brazil has agreed in principle to let the U.N. atomic watchdog agency see parts of equipment to enrich uranium, diplomats said Wednesday. Such a deal would resolve months of dispute over access to the technology that can be used to build nuclear weapons.
Powell: Brazil Has No Nuclear Aspirations   SAO PAULO, Brazil, Oct. 5 -- Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said Tuesday he was  confident Brazil had no intention of becoming a nuclear power, but he called on the country to work out differences with the U.N. atomic agency over inspections.
Microsoft plans tune-up of Media Center PC The next-generation OS will allow consumers to watch one channel while recording another, CNET News.com has learned.
EU Wants Windows Cleaned of DRM The acquisition by Microsoft and Time Warner of a company with a significant portfolio of patents covering digital rights management technologies generates scrutiny by European antitrust regulators. The main focus of the investigation: Microsoft. By Wendy M. Grossman.
Emirates Airlines signs sponsorship deal with Arsenal According to the deal, the new 60,000-seater ground at Ashburton Grove will be named the Emirates Stadium. The contract also makes Emirates the Gunners #39; shirt sponsor for eight years - starting in 2006-07.
Earnhardt fined for checkered language Dale Earnhardt Jr. cursed on a nationally televised NASCAR broadcast on Sunday, and it cost him the lead in a close race for the Nextel Cup drivers championship.
US vetoes UN resolution on Gaza offensive The United States has vetoed Tuesday an Arab-backed resolution at the UN Security Council that demands an immediate end to Israeli military operations in the Gaza strip that have claimed the lives of at least 80 Palestinians during the past seven days.
US warplanes pound Fallujah Three Kurdish militiamen, their civilian driver killed near Baquba, another civilian killed in Basra bomb blast. By Deborah Haynes - BAGHDAD.
Spain seizes 5 more ETA suspects Spanish police have arrested five suspected ETA members just days after 21 people were seized including the Basque separatist group #39;s suspected leader, officials say.
Big Lots Revises Quarterly, Year Views Big Lots Inc., the largest closeout retailer in the United States, said Wednesday that total sales for the five weeks ended Oct. 2 rose 2.9 percent to \$357.
Carphone Warehouse rings up higher sales Europe #39;s biggest mobile phone retailer, Carphone Warehouse, said in a trading update on Wednesday that sales were up on the back of a 25 per cent leap in new connections.
Agent: Ricky Williams Wants To Return To Fins MIAMI -- Just when the Miami Dolphins season couldn #39;t get any weirder, it did -- Ricky Williams is ready to come back to the Fins.
Canadian Sub Loses Power in Atlantic 57 crew members and Canadas newest Submarine is floating in the rough seas of the Atlantic Ocean, after the HMCS Chicoutimi lost power in an electrical fire.
Update: Avaya to buy German IP telephony vendor U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. increased its presence in Europe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to acquire German enterprise communications vendor Tenovis GmbH   Co. KG.
Senate Wants Database Dragnet Lawmakers may soon pass a bill that would set up a huge network of databases that law enforcement officials could tap to find terrorists. But that kind of unfettered access to data about Americans raises eyebrows. By Ryan Singel.
Geek Trip Begins at Headwaters The true beginnings of the Mississippi River in northern Minnesota -- a spot that was a source of much debate in the 19th century -- mark the first stop in a 2,500-mile odyssey along the length of the mighty waterway. By Michelle Delio.
Web Industry Still Flies Blind The commercial web is 10 years old, yet the online publishing industry still hasn't figured out how to measure accurately the number of people visiting each site. What's at stake? More than \$8 billion a year. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
The Incredible Shrinking Man K. Eric Drexler was the godfather of nanotechnology. But the MIT prodigy who dreamed up molecular machines was shoved aside by big science -- and now he's an industry outcast. By Ed Regis from Wired magazine.
Save money when you hit the links on the Grand Strand EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ  While Chad Pennington #39;s return from a strained right rotator cuff was far from perfect, Curtis Martin was stellar yet again.
Making XP a Welcome Guest on Mac Microsoft's new Virtual PC emulator lets an Apple computer run Windows XP amazingly well. It's a great product for those occasions when you must sully your Mac with a Windows-only application. By Leander Kahney.
Spyware Bill Gets House Nod Anti-spyware legislation sails through the House of Representatives, with the bill's sponsor pressing to have both houses approve a law to reign in invasive computer programs by the end of the year. By Michael Grebb.
3 Yanks Share Nobel for Physics Thirty years of research into the forces that hold everything together pay off grandly for the three Americans, and science moves a step closer to a grand unified theory of the universe.
Greenspan points bank mergers as stability factor The US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said at a meeting of the American Bankers Association in New York on Tuesday the increasing number of bank mergers underlines new opportunity for the financial sector to recover.
Microsoft's Xbox Live Usage Takes Off in Asia (Reuters) Reuters - One-in-seven Asian Xbox video gamers\plays on the Internet just six months after the regional launch\of Microsoft's Xbox Live Internet software, a company executive\said on Wednesday.
Fujitsu-Siemens pre-tax profit, sales up strongly in first half (AFP) AFP - Fujitsu-Siemens, Europe's leading manufacturer of personal computers, said pre-tax profit and sales rose strongly in the six months to September and the PC maker was confident about the outlook for the rest of the year.
British Prime Minister in Sudan British Prime Minister Tony Blair is in Sudan #39;s capital, Khartoum, for talks with the country #39;s leaders expected to focus on the crisis in the western Darfur region.
Software speeds file-sharing service (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Napster founder Shawn Fanning's little dorm-room project at Northeastern University in Boston is the stuff of technological legend.
PeopleSoft open to deal, official says (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The PeopleSoft director who has been leading the defense of the software company's anti-takeover measures said Tuesday the company's board is willing to talk about a deal with rival Oracle.
NASA Inspector's Shuttle Checks Questioned (AP) AP - A former NASA inspector has been accused of lying about inspecting crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery before and after the Columbia disaster that killed seven astronauts and grounded the entire orbiter fleet.
Remains of Genghis Khan Palace Unearthed (AP) AP - Archaeologists have unearthed the site of Genghis Khan's palace and believe the long-sought grave of the 13th century Mongolian warrior is somewhere nearby, the head of the excavation team said Wednesday.
Japan More Confident on CITES Whale Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Japan is confident it can secure the\votes needed to resume commercial trade in whale products and\that this would be a step toward lifting a ban on hunting the\marine giants, a Japanese official said Wednesday.
From Citation for Nobel Prize in Chemistry (AP) AP - Excerpts from the citation awarding the 2004 Nobel Prize in chemistry to Israelis Aaron Ciechanover and Avram Hershko and American Irwin Rose for their work on how cells break down.
Oil, Astra Lead European Stocks Down (Reuters) Reuters - European shares retreated on Wednesday as\AstraZeneca's business update disappointed investors and on\nagging concerns that soaring oil prices will hurt the quality\of future earnings.
Microsoft's Xbox Live Usage Takes Off in Asia  HONG KONG (Reuters) - One-in-seven Asian Xbox video gamers  plays on the Internet just six months after the regional launch  of Microsoft's Xbox Live Internet software, a company executive  said on Wednesday.
United to Cut U.S. Flights  NEW YORK (Reuters) - UAL Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt;, the bankrupt  parent of United Airlines, on Wednesday said it would reduce  U.S. flights and increase capacity on more lucrative  international routes, in keeping with its aggressive  cost-cutting efforts.
Stocks Set to Open Flat; Oil Prices Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open flat on  Wednesday as high crude oil prices and profit warnings weighed  on the market on the eve of a new earnings reporting season.
Dollar Up; Focus on Fed, Jobs, Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar rose against the euro and  Swiss franc on Wednesday as investors awaited more clues on the  U.S. interest rate outlook from speeches by Federal Reserve  officials later in the day and U.S. jobs data due on Friday.
Before the Bell: Knight Falls, Too Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Knight Trading Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NITE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NITE.O&lt;/A&gt;  shares fell more than 6 percent before the bell on Wednesday  after the Nasdaq stock trader warned of a quarterly loss  because of weak stock trading volume.
Programs: New Games Feature Mind Over Matter  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - The overwhelming scientific  evidence shows that psychic powers are probably a lot of  baloney. After all, psychics always seem to "lose" their powers  if subjected to tests designed to eliminate luck or fraud.
Fannie, Freddie And Free Markets WASHINGTON, DC - Investors in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are feeling some pain in the wake of Fannie #39;s recent accounting problems.
Yukos  #39;pays most of 2000 taxes #39; Yukos has paid three-quarters of its total tax debt of \$3.4bn (1.91bn; 99bn roubles) for 2000, the Interfax news agency has reported.
UPDATE 1-Alaska Air sees \$45 mln-\$55 mln in severance costs Alaska Air Group Inc. (ALK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it expects \$45 million to \$55 million in pre-tax costs for severance pay and other benefits for employees laid off during its planned restructuring.
Asian Shares End Mixed; Tokyo Advances, Hong Kong Falls Asian stocks finished mixed Wednesday, with Tokyo shares advancing on a positive economic outlook but markets in Hong Kong and elsewhere falling on worries about record-high oil prices.
Pakistan #39;s Shoaib Malik restricts Sri Lanka Pakistan #39;s Shoaib Malik took three wickets to help restrict Asian Champions Sri Lanka to 232 for nine in the third match of a three-nation one-day tournament on Wednesday.
Australia Reaches 316-5 vs India; Kumble Gets 400th Test Wicket Anil Kumble became the second Indian cricketer and ninth player in total to get 400 Test dismissals as his three wickets helped restrict Australia to 316-5 on day one of the opening Test at Bangalore.
Tennis: Dent Advances in Japan Open Seventh-seed Taylor Dent of the United States advanced with a 6-3, 6-4 over Tomas Zib of the Czech Republic in second-round action at the Japan Open tennis tournament in Tokyo.
No Deal on Ending Baghdad Clashes-Senior Sadr Aide The chief spokesman for rebel Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr said on Wednesday no deal had been agreed with Iraq #39;s government to end fighting in Baghdad #39;s Shi #39;ite slum district of Sadr City.
Afghan Vice Presidential Candidate Survives a Bomb Blast Afghan President Hamid Karzai #39;s running mate in Saturday #39;s presidential election escaped unhurt when a bomb exploded near his convoy in the northern city of Faizabad.
Heeling power During every break in play, every timeout, every chance to catch a breath, one word was on the minds of the Penn State women #39;s basketball players during the second half of Sunday #39;s game against No.
Karzai's Running Mate Escapes Afghan Mine Blast (Reuters) Reuters - Afghan President Hamid Karzai's running\mate for Saturday's historic presidential election escaped\unhurt Wednesday when a mine exploded under his convoy in the\remote northeast of the country.\Vice presidential candidate Ahmad Zia Masood, the brother of\assassinated resistance hero Ahmad Shah Masood, had gone to\Faizabad, the capital of mountainous Badakhshan province, for a\campaign rally.
No Deal on Ending Baghdad Clashes-Senior Sadr Aide (Reuters) Reuters - The chief spokesman for rebel Iraqi\cleric Moqtada al-Sadr said on Wednesday no deal had been\agreed with Iraq's government to end fighting in Baghdad's\Shi'ite slum district of Sadr City.
Britain praises Pakistan campaign against Al-Qaeda (AFP) AFP - British Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon held talks here with Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf and praised his army's operations against Al-Qaeda fighters along the Afghan frontier.
Maryland upset at BB amp;T Classic WASHINGTON  TJ Thompson scored 27 points as George Washington defeated No. 12 Maryland 101-92 in the championship game of the BB amp;T Classic, the Colonials #39; fifth consecutive victory.
Republicans Glad to Lose on Bill to Start New Draft (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; Seeking to dispel suggestions that the war in Iraq could lead to reinstatement of the draft, House Republicans on Tuesday hastily brought the idea to a vote  #8212; with the express intent of shooting it down.
Spain Arrests Five ETA Suspects Primed for Action  MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish police on Wednesday arrested  five suspected members of the Basque separatist ETA guerrilla  group who appeared primed to stage attacks, Interior Minister  Jose Antonio Alonso said.
US agrees to slow S Korea pull-out \The US agrees to stagger a troop withdrawal from South Korea, due to fears about the North.
Militants die in settlement raid Israeli soldiers have killed three Palestinian militants who infiltrated a Jewish settlement in the southern Gaza Strip.
Indian Maoists discuss strategy Two key Indian Maoist groups meet in Calcutta to discuss working closer together, delegates say.
Tiger Woods Weds Swede Model in Barbados LANE BEACH, Barbados - Tiger Woods is now a married man, according to People magazine and several other news outlets. People reported on its Web site that the world's most famous golfer married Swedish model Elin Nordegren in a sunset ceremony at a resort in Barbados on Tuesday...
Alitalia rescue plan agreed after all-night talks ROME : Alitalia bosses and union and government officials forged a deal to save the troubled Italian flag carrier after thrashing out the details of redundancy payments for 3,700 workers who will lose their jobs in a restructuring plan.
United to Trim Fleet Size, Add International Routes (Update2) UAL Corp. said it will reduce the overall size of United Airlines #39; fleet and shift more aircraft to serve international routes, which are more profitable.
Idealab Rethinks Web Search with Snap SAN FRANCISCOBill Gross, the man behind Overture Services and the Idealab incubator, wants to reinvent Web search. During the Web 2.0 conference here on Tuesday, Gross unveiled search-engine Snap, which 
UPDATE 1-Big Lots sees wider third-quarter loss Big Lots Inc. (BLI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday forecast a larger-than-expected third-quarter loss and said full-year profit could also fall short of Wall Street #39;s 
British manufacturing output falls for third successive month LONDON : Britain #39;s manufacturing industries experienced an unexpected drop in output in August, the first time since January 2002 that output has fallen for three months in a row.
Hynix Sells Non-Memory Unit Hynix Semiconductor wrapped up a \$830 million sales deal of its non-memory unit with Citigroup Venture Capital (CVC), the worlds second-largest memory chipmaker said Wednesday.
US Telecoms giant looks at throwing Windows out Network services giant AT amp;T is evaluating different operating systems, including Linux and Mac OS X, as alternatives to Windows for internal use.
Tiger Woods marries Swedish fiancee in ritzy Barbados resort And he was apparently on some familiar turf when he tied the knot yesterday with Swedish model Elin Nordegren. Witnesses say the two were wed at a golf course in Barbados.
England vs. Wales = Man Utd vs. Man City And you know exactly what he means. Our man on Radio Four (ooooh!) Andy Gray says England should win but in all local derbies it #39;s always the lesser team who cares more.
Kumble joins  #39;Club 400 #39; Bangalore - Indian leg-spinner Anil Kumble gave home fans plenty to cheer about on Wednesday when he capped a glorious career by becoming the ninth bowler in Test history to complete 400 wickets.
Some talk isn #39;t cheap Dale Earnhardt Jr. #39;s swearword in a TV interview after his victory at Talladega costs him the NASCAR points lead and \$10,000. A slip of the tongue on TV cost Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Ricky Williams Seeks Return with Dolphins _ Oct. 6, 2004 - Ricky Williams is looking to make a comeback with the Miami Dolphins. But there #39;s a catch -- a little something about a positive drug test.
Storm ends Monarchs #39; playoff run Led by Lauren Jackson #39;s 27 points, the Seattle Storm pummeled Sacramento out of the Western Conference Finals with a decisive 82-62 Game 3 victory Tuesday night at Key Arena to advance to the WNBA Finals.
Blair Urges End of Darfur Slaughter Prime Minister Tony Blair today urged the government of Sudan to adopt a five-point plan designed to help end the slaughter in Darfur and ease the humanitarian crisis there.
Crushing blow for bank customers Safe boxes from a bank branch were taken away and crushed as scrap metal, leaving customers shocked and angry at the loss of their most valued possessions, executives acknowledged Wednesday.
British manufacturing output falls for third successive month (AFP) AFP - Britain's manufacturing industries experienced an unexpected drop in output in August, the first time since January 2002 that output has fallen for three months in a row.
Oil Extends Record Run to \$51.48 Peak  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended record-setting highs  above \$51 for U.S. crude on Wednesday, fueled by the impact of  Hurricane Ivan on U.S. winter inventories.
Stocks Seen Flat, Oil Hovers Near \$51  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were likely to open flat  on Wednesday, with high oil prices and profit warnings weighing  on the market before earnings reports start and key jobs data  is released this week.
Monsanto Posts Loss on Herbicide Sales  KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Reuters) - Agrochemical company Monsanto  Co. on Wednesday posted a quarterly net loss on a drop in U.S.  sales of the herbicide Roundup.
United Airlines Cutting Domestic Service United Airlines plans to slash the number of its domestic flights and increase its more profitable international schedule, while at the same reducing the size of its fleet.
UPDATE 1-United to cut US flights, focus on international UAL Corp. (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , the bankrupt parent of United Airlines, on Wednesday said it would reduce US flights and increase capacity on more lucrative international 
Fannie Mae Executives Defend Decisions Fannie Mae executives defended themselves on Wednesday against government allegations they manipulated accounting to hide earnings swings, saying they and their auditors believed they were properly applying complex standards that 
UK Scientist Who Played Role in DNA Discovery Dies Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, a British scientist who played a key role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died on Tuesday, his university said on Wednesday.
AT amp;T Considers Mac OS X, Linux For 7,000 Desktops hype7 writes  quot;CNet #39;s News.com.com is reporting that AT amp;T is reconsidering its corporate IT investment in Microsoft Windows - with both Mac OS X and Linux being considered.
Sony releases home server that stores 1 terrabyte Sony #39;s Vaio Type X, which is available only in Japan, is a new home server that contains four 250GB hard drives: two for PC files and the other ones for audiovisual materials such as stored TV programs and music.
Bell gets unexpected call, scores first NFL touchdown San Diego - There was not a lot of extra practice time, nor a pep talk from his coaches to let Broncos rookie running back Tatum Bell know he #39;d be such a big part of Denver #39;s game plan Sunday.
Experts Say Control Systems Vulnerable (AP) AP - Businesses and government agencies must re-examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said Tuesday.
'Troy' Makes Homer Britain's Best-Selling Poet (Reuters) Reuters - Nearly 3,000 years after his death,\Homer is the best-selling poet in Britain thanks largely to\Brad Pitt and "the Troy effect," the country's biggest online\seller of books said on Wednesday.
New DTS surround encoders leverage OS X, Xserve (MacCentral) MacCentral - Digital Theater Systems Inc. (DTS) on Wednesday announced the availability of two new audio software encoders aimed at audio professionals creating multi-channel soundtracks for DVD-Audio, DVD-Video and 5.1 CDs: the Pro Series 6.1 Surround Encoder, a standalone solution designed to work on Mac OS X and Windows-equipped computers, and the DTS Pro Series Network Encoder, which allows up to 99 users on Macs or Windows computers to encode audio using an Apple Xserve and Xserve RAID system. Both encoders were announced earlier this year, and are anticipated for release this month. ...
Physics Nobel Goes to 'Theory of Everything' Trio (Reuters) Reuters - Three American scientists won the\2004 Nobel physics prize on Tuesday for showing how tiny quark\particles interact, helping to explain everything from how a\coin spins to how the universe was built.
Latvian Seeks Seismic Monitoring Stations (AP) AP - Latvia's National Geology Service said Thursday it hopes to get funding from the Environment Ministry to build five seismic monitoring stations throughout the country.
Rocket Launchers Allowed in Presidential Debate The next presidential debate will be held October 8th at Washington University in St. Louis. The notable difference between this debate and the last is that "projectile launchers" are explicitly allowed on the premises.
Americans Denied a True Presidential Debate Americans did not see a true presidential debate on September 30, 2004. What they saw was a carefully planned bipartisan press conference in which George W. Bush and John Kerry, acting through their corporate campaigns, agreed to appear and respond to questions. Third party candidates Michael Badnarik (Libertarian), David Cobb (Green), Ralph Nader (Independent), and Michael A. Peroutka (Constitution) were not invited to participate, despite having a mathematical possibility of obtaining enough electoral votes to secure the office of President of the United States.
Infineon execs to get prison terms Four sales executives of German chipmaker Infineon Technologies have agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy to fix the prices of computer memory chips, the US Department of Justice said Thursday.
Ballmer calls for horse-based attack on Star Office 'Email me immediately and we #8217;ll send in the cavalry'
A web wise terror network Gordon Corera looks at how Osama Bin Laden's terror network has made the most of modern communications.
Rough weather hampers rescue efforts for Cdn submarine stranded off Scotland (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - The crew of a disabled Canadian submarine braved a rough night adrift in heavy seas off Scotland as inclement conditions delayed British rescue efforts early Wednesday.
Fujitsu and Cisco Form Strategic Alliance Fujitsu Limited and Cisco Systems announced a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches for the Japanese markets. Specifically, the companies agreed to jointly develop high-end routers and will collaborate 
Afghan Leader's Running Mate Survives Taliban Attack  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai's running  mate for Saturday's historic presidential poll escaped unhurt  on Wednesday when a bomb set off by Taliban guerrillas narrowly  missed his car as he headed for an election meeting.
IAEA Chief Says World Getting Impatient with N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea's two-year-old nuclear crisis  has taxed the world's patience, the chief United Nations  nuclear regulator said on Wednesday, urging communist Pyongyang  to return to its disarmament treaty obligations.
OutKast lead MTV Europe shortlist OutKast receive five MTV Europe Award nominations,  while Usher gets four ahead of next month's show.
Report Expected to Say Iraq Posed Little Immediate Threat A report due out today from the chief U.S. weapons inspector for Iraq is expected to undercut a key part of the rationale for war.
Scientists Test Steering for Mars Rovers Jet Propulsion Lab -- Engineers on NASA's Mars Exploration Rover team are investigating possible causes and remedies for a problem affecting the steering on Spirit.     The relay for steering actuators on Spirit's right-front and left-rear wheels did not operate as commanded on Oct...
NOAA Satellite Mishap Blamed on Human Error By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- A \$239 million satellite toppled to a factory floor last year because nobody bothered to check that it was secure before moving it, according to a NASA investigation board's report on the mishap...
NASA Inspector's Space Shuttle Checks Questioned ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- A former NASA inspector has been accused of lying about inspecting crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery before and after the Columbia disaster that killed seven astronauts and grounded the entire orbiter fleet...
Israelis, American Win Nobel for Chemistry STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Israelis Aaron Ciechanover and Avram Hershko and American Irwin Rose won the 2004 Nobel Prize in chemistry Wednesday for discovering a key way cells destroy unwanted proteins - starting with a chemical "kiss of death."   Their work provides the basis for developing new therapies for diseases such as cervical cancer and cystic fibrosis.    The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences honored Ciechanover, 57, Hershko, 67, and Rose, 78, for work they did in the late 1970s and early 1980s...
Tiger Woods Weds Swede Model in Barbados SANDY LANE BEACH, Barbados - Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren as a Caribbean sunset painted a spectacular array of colors across the sky over an exclusive resort in Barbados, according to witnesses.    Celebrities including Oprah Winfrey and former NBA stars Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley were among guests seen by a reporter perched on a hill overlooking the club house of the Sandy Lane resort golf course...
VP Candidates Slug It Out Over Iraq, Jobs CLEVELAND - Vice President Dick Cheney and Democratic rival John Edwards slugged it out over Iraq, jobs and each other's judgment in their one and only debate Tuesday night before heading for the battleground state of Florida and its 27 electoral votes. Cheney was appearing Wednesday in Tallahassee, Edwards in West Palm Beach...
Panel says keep sage grouse off endangered list A panel of senior biologists has told the US Fish and Wildlife Service not to list sage grouse as an endangered species. If Fish and Wildlife Director Steve Williams follows the panel #39;s 
Putin Arrives in Turkey on Historic Visit President Vladimir Putins visit to Turkey on Sunday will highlight a thaw in relations between the one-time Cold War foes and focus on trade, investment and energy deals, the Reuters news agency reports.
United Airlines announces service cuts, fleet reduction ELK GROVE VILLAGE, Ill. United Airlines #39; parent company plans to slash the number of its domestic flights and increase its more profitable international schedule.
Knight Trading Sees 3Q Operating Loss Knight Trading Group Inc., an equities trading company serving institutional and broker-dealer clients, said Wednesday that it will report a third-quarter operating loss of 1 cent to 4 cents per share due to poor performance in its equity market trading 
Howard Stern to Broadcast on Sirius Radio in 2006 Howard Stern, one of the most popular US radio personalities, on Wednesday said he will broadcast his show on Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.
Brave New World? Next Steps Planned for Private Space Travel MOJAVE, CALIFORNIA -- While SpaceShipOnes wispy contrail from sky to space quickly vanished into the thin desert air here, Mondays flight at Mojave Spaceport left a solid line in the sand -- to create a  quot;new space age quot; of personal space travel.
IBM adds self-healing to WebSphere IBM has released the latest version of the core middleware product of WebSphere, its application server platform, promising new autonomic, or self-healing, features.
Via to enter 64-bit processor market VIA Technologies has announced details of its 64-bit architecture based Isaiah processor core with the engineering code name  #39;CN #39;.
Singh critiques Woods #39; swing, says it hasn #39;t changed but his body &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vijay Singh has a theory about what #39;s wrong with Tiger Woods #39; game: he hasn #39;t adapted his swing to the changes in his body.
Giuly will miss French qualifiers PARIS, France -- Barcelona striker Ludovic Giuly has pulled out of France #39;s upcoming World Cup qualifying matches against Ireland and Cyprus, the French soccer federation has announced.
Cal faces No. 1 USC with eyes - and its offense - wide open Bee Staff Writer. BERKELEY - Jeff Tedford said the lasting image from last year #39;s Cal-USC game wasn #39;t necessarily Tyler Fredrickson #39;s field goal that gave the Golden Bears a triple-overtime triumph.
Astros Killer B's Running Out of Chances (AP) AP - The Killer B's are back to try again, facing a familiar nemesis. Who knows? This might be the last chance for Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell to show they can come through when it matters most.
Cubs Pay Penalty for Wrigley Repairs (AP) AP - The Chicago Cubs paid a  #36;6,725 penalty for renovating landmark Wrigley Field without the required city permits for such work.
Woods Struggling to Cope with Body Changes - Singh  ST. ANDREWS, Scotland (Reuters) - Vijay Singh thinks the  main reason he has replaced Tiger Woods as world number one is  the American's failure to adapt to changes in his body.
Microsoft to tune up Media Center PC The next-generation OS will allow consumers to watch one channel while recording another, CNET News.com has learned.
PalmOne Eyes Mobile E-Mail Deal with Microsoft will allow users to access e-mail without third-party software.
U.S. to File Case Over Airbus Subsidies  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will on Wednesday  file a complaint at the World Trade Organization over what it  called "unfair" European Union subsidies to aircraft  manufacturer Airbus.
Howard Stern to Broadcast on Sirius Radio in 2006 Shock jock Howard Stern will head to satellite radio, where listeners will have to pay to hear him.
Google Print Opens Widely To Publishers Google's nearly year-old Google Print program is set for a huge expansion of content through the launch of a new program today allowing publishers to more easily submit material for inclusion.
More on Qantas Singapore Airlines has finally ended its great Kiwi Adventure, at a loss of more than \$500 million, but probably a lot more if you take into account opportunity cost, holding costs and 
Flu Vaccine Distributor Cuts 2004 Views Medical products distributor Henry Schein Inc. lowered its financial targets for the rest of the year, citing the impact of British regulators shutting down its major supplier of flu vaccine on Tuesday.
Carphone poised to ring up healthy profits Carphone Warehouse today announced a 25 increase in the number of connections during its second quarter, with interim pre-tax profits expected to be at least 27m.
Old favourites set to make a Christmas comeback Cabbage Patch Kids are expected to be among this year #39;s Christmas best selling gifts, industry experts have said. The relaunched 1980s phenomenon has been named in the top 10 list of toys compiled by the Toy Retailers Association.
Manufacturing output shows sharp decline Manufacturing output has unexpectedly fallen for the third month in a row in August and at the sharpest pace in nearly two years, official data show.
Interest Rate Dilemma for Bank Committee Rate-setters at the Bank of England were given plenty to ponder today after figures on house prices and manufacturing output confounded expectations.
Hynix Sells Non-Memory Chip Operation Hynix Semiconductor Inc. said Wednesday it has completed the sale of its non-memory chip operation to Citigroup for 954.3 billion won (\$827.
VW names cost-cutting former Chrysler exec to take over mainstay &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Volkswagen AG named former DaimlerChrysler AG executive Wolfgang Bernhard, a cost cutter who won plaudits for helping return DaimlerChrysler #39;s US division to profitability, to a top management post Wednesday and said he would soon take over 
Owen should start MICHAEL OWEN is under an intense spotlight now after his early difficulties at Real Madrid and there #39;s talk Jermain Defoe may replace him for England on Saturday.
Baros on shortlist for world accolade MILAN BAROS, who has struggled to maintain a place in Rafael Benitez #39;s starting line-up this season, has been nominated for FIFA #39;s World Player of the Year award.
Everyone has a price  even Arsenal No matter what sort of spin Arsenal put on their mega-buck sponsorship deal with Emirates Airlines, the bottom line is that they were the last club one would have associated with the arrangement to have the sponsor be the name of their new stadium.
Racing: Schumacher vows to fight back at Japanese GP TOKYO : World champion Michael Schumacher vowed to end his three-race Formula One losing streak at the Japanese Grand Prix this weekend -- come rain or shine.
Kumble breaks 400-wicket barrier Anil Kumble, the India spinner, has become only the ninth player to claim 400 Test wickets as Australia ended the first day of the opening Test in Bangalore on 316 for five.
Blair outlines Sudan demands Tony Blair today said the Sudanese government had agreed to a five-point action plan aimed at ending the conflict in Darfur, which has resulted in what the UN describes as the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.
Israelis committed to US plan Jerusalem - The United States-backed roadmap is the only viable blueprint for peace with the Palestinians, the Israeli prime minister #39;s office said on Wednesday.
Value of building permits cooled in August, after hot June and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - Building intentions cooled in August after a hot June and July, says Statistics Canada. The value of building permits issued by municipalities in August fell by 4.6 per cent to \$4.
Yukos #39;s Biggest Production Unit Gets \$951 Million Tax Bill Russia #39;s Tax Ministry yesterday charged OAO Yuganskneftegaz, the biggest production unit of OAO Yukos Oil Co., with 27.8 billion rubles (\$951 million) in unpaid taxes for 2002, a Yukos official said.
Tax bill nears approval by House-Senate negotiators WASHINGTON Supporters of a major rewrite of corporate tax law are optimistic they #39;ll be able to complete congressional action this week on legislation needed to end a bitter trade fight with Europe.
Good Moose not enough Mike Mussina did all he could to keep the Yankees close, but his teammates wasted one scoring chance after another last night in a 2-0 AL Division Series Game 1 loss to Johan Santana and the Minnesota Twins.
Howard Stern to Move to Satellite Radio (Reuters) Reuters - Howard Stern, one of the most popular\U.S. radio personalities, on Wednesday said he will broadcast\his show on Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.  beginning in\2006, after being dropped earlier this year from several\stations that objected to his often off-color humor.
Gee, Thanks Dad (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - L. Lowry Mays is a Texan's Texan, rock-ribbed, 6 foot 2 and larger than life. He started out as an investment banker; in 1972, when a client he was advising backed out of a deal to buy an FM radio station in San Antonio, Tex., Mays partnered with a pal and did the deal himself, paying  #36;125,000. In the three decades since, he has built one of the largest and most powerful media companies in the nation, Clear Channel, a much-maligned giant that, in the view of its enemies, is just too damned big for anyone else's good.
Howard Stern to Move to Satellite Radio  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Howard Stern, one of the most popular  U.S. radio personalities, on Wednesday said he will broadcast  his show on Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIRI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIRI.O&lt;/A&gt; beginning in  2006, after being dropped earlier this year from several  stations that objected to his often off-color humor.
Stocks Open Flat as Oil Prices Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Wednesday,  with high oil prices and a spate of profit warnings weighing on  the market.
Treasuries Lower Before Five-Year Auction  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices eased on  Wednesday as the market prepared to absorb \$24 billion in new  supply just a few days before a jobs report which could set the  trend for yields for weeks to come.
Winter Outlook Mixed for U.S. - NOAA  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Warmer than normal temperatures are  forecast to blanket the western United States and Plains states  this winter, but it is unclear whether the Northeast and  Midwest will face warmer, colder or normal winter weather, U.S.  government forecasters said on Wednesday.
U.S. to File WTO Case Against Airbus Subsidies  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States said it will file  on Wednesday a World Trade Organization complaint over what it  called "unfair" European subsidies to aircraft manufacturer  Airbus, the European rival of U.S.-based Boeing.
US takes Airbus dispute to WTO The US government asks the World Trade Organisation to step in to stop EU member states from "subsidising" planemaker Airbus.
Bank set to keep UK rates on hold The Bank of England is set to keep interest rates on hold following the latest meeting of the its Monetary Policy Committee.
The spirit of satellite radio Only one satellite radio stock is worth buying...and it #39;s not the one that snagged Howard Stern. This is an update of a column that originally ran on September 30.
United Airlines to reduce US flights UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines, announced Wednesday it plans to slash the number of domestic flights and increase its more profitable international schedule, while at the same reducing the size of its fleet.
Trade chief of EU takes US to task BRUSSELS The incoming European Union trade commissioner, Peter Mandelson, on Monday criticized the United States for failing to stick to bilateral talks to resolve a dispute over government aid to Boeing and Airbus.
Jerusalem Post faked circulation: Hollinger TORONTO, Oct 5 (AFP) - The Jerusalem Post has inflated its circulation figures, the daily #39;s owner, Hollinger International, confirmed Tuesday.
PalmOne, Microsoft in deal on mobile e-mail Longtime foes palmOne and Microsoft on Tuesday announced a licensing deal that will allow the next generation of palmOne #39;s Treo smart phones to work directly with Microsoft #39;s Exchange e-mail system.
Rupert blinks as the ISS giant awakes Rupert Murdoch #39;s brazen attempt to relocate to dodgy Delaware is in big trouble and the world #39;s most powerful man has blinked.
High stakes for new chief at Mercedes FRANKFURT Eckhard Cordes, the man DaimlerChrysler picked to put the luster back into Mercedes-Benz, has slipped out of the office during his first week on the job, joining colleagues in the Alps along the Swiss-Austrian border to test-drive cars made by 
Scientist Who Played Role in DNA Discovery Dies Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, a British scientist who played a key role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died on Tuesday, his university said on Wednesday.
Giggs out to break Old Trafford hearts Ryan Giggs will try to tie Manchester United team mate Gary Neville in knots and score a goal to send the Old Trafford crowd home in tears when Wales side play England on Saturday.
Emirates and Arsenal in 100-m deal Arsenal Football Club has signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in football history with Emirates Airline in an agreement worth 100 million.
UPDATE 1-Centurion Youhana sets up Pakistan victory Yousuf Youhana top-scored with an unbeaten 107 to guide Pakistan to an eight-wicket victory over Sri Lanka and into the final of a three-nation one-day tournament on Wednesday.
More people dead in Gaza fighting Three Palestinian fighters have been killed by the Israel army after they entered a Jewish town in southern Gaza. Israeli tanks also shelled the north Gaza town of Beit Lahiya early on Wednesday, killing three Palestinians and injuring ten children.
Afghan president addresses rally on final day of campaigning Afghanistan #39;s president, Hamid Karzai, says presidential elections on Saturday will decide the fate of the war-shattered country for centuries.
 #39;Still Committed to Road Map #39;, says Sharon Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed his commitment to a Middle East peace initiative, despite comments from one of his senior advisers who effectively dismissed the plan.
Gift cards are hot for Christmas As more and more consumers turn to plastic to solve their gift-giving dilemmas, many states are passing laws to protect those buying gift cards from what may be hidden in the fine print.
IBM launches Websphere 6 IBM today announced that Websphere 6, the long awaited-update to its application server software, will be available by the end of the year.
Indie music label rejects lock-down CDs 'NO copy protection - respect the music' stamped on !K7 discs
School House Shock It's a noble concept that was designed to bridge the digital divide, but reports of fraud and lackluster oversight at the E-Rate program have caused it to be put on ice and now some educators and librarians are scrambling.\ &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
EBay Seeks New Trial in \$29M Patent Case Online auctioneer eBay Inc. asked for a new trial Tuesday on claims the company stole ideas for an electronic marketplace from a Virginia inventor.
Update 1: Computer Associates to Acquire Netegrity Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
United Decreases Domestic, Increases International Focus OCTOBER 06, 2004 -- United Airlines today said it is reallocating resources around its global network to emphasize international routes, while substantially slimming down domestic mainline operations.
News Corp. reconsiders governance issues SYDNEY Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. said Wednesday that it might strengthen corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholder groups said they would vote against the company #39;s proposed move to 
Viacom Says Blockbuster Exchange a Success Media conglomerate Viacom Inc. on Wednesday said an offer to trade its shares for those of Blockbuster Inc. was a success, moving it closer to splitting off the video-rental chain.
Update 1: Report: Tax Bill Presented to Yukos Unit The key production unit of beleaguered Russian oil giant Yukos was handed a back taxes bill for nearly \$1 billion, the Interfax news agency reported Wednesday, apparently increasing the likelihood that the unit would be sold at auction.
Investors in StarHub sell shares Shareholders in StarHub, Singapore #39;s second-largest phone company, on Wednesday raised 457.7 million Singapore dollars, or \$271 million, in an initial public offering after selling shares at the lowest targeted price, bankers involved said.
St. Paul sees storms paring EPS by 45c Insurer St. Paul Travelers said the three major hurricanes that hit the US east coast in recent months will cut 45 cents from its third-quarter earnings per share.
Smucker Sells Brazilian Unit to Closely Held Cargill (Update1) JM Smucker Co., the largest US maker of jellies and jams, sold its operations in Brazil to closely held Cargill Inc. The sale of Smucker do Brasil Ltda.
YAHOO! Unveils Personal Search Beta Yahoo! Inc. (Nasdaq:YHOO - News), a leading global Internet company, announced yesterday the availability of the My Yahoo! Search beta (http://next.
20 years later, female astronaut recalls a spacewalk  #39;first #39; As Kathy Sullivan nears her 20th anniversary as the first American woman to walk in space, her adventurous spirit is still alive. The former astronaut says she supports a manned 
New WebSphere app server has distinct SOA flavor IBM #39;s affections for service-oriented architectures deepened today when Big Blue offered details on the impending version 6 release of WebSphere Application Server.
Blu-ray Disc Association Launches In an echo of the VHS/Betamax battles, the Blu-ray Disc Association announced yesterday that it has expanded its list of members and officially launched the organization, which is developing standards for next generation disc formats for video.
Cricket: Kumble reaches 400 test wickets BANGALORE, India Anil Kumble, the Indian spin bowler, took three wickets Wednesday to reach 400 in test matches as the first day of the first test against Australia finished finely balanced.
For once, Hughes, Giggs are the enemy at Old Trafford Mark Hughes and Ryan Giggs are two of Old Trafford #39;s all-time greats. On Saturday, more than 60,000 fans at Manchester United #39;s famous ground will be willing them to lose.
Top seeds Hewitt, Sharapova safely through in Japan Top seeds Lleyton Hewitt and Maria Sharapova were taken to three sets in their second round matches before safely advancing at the \$860,000 Japan Open on Wednesday.
Fernandes fined 10,000 pounds for high-speed police chase Southampton midfielder Fabrice Fernandes was fined 10,000 pounds (US\$18,000) and handed a two-year driving ban Wednesday for trying to elude police in a high-speed chase five months ago.
Judge says Braves #39; Furcal can play Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal may play in the playoffs despite a probation violation on a drunken-driving charge. For the rest of the season, Furcal must remain in home confinement.
Red Sox blast off against the Angels ANAHEIM, California The Boston Red Sox opened the playoffs with a new nickname, a new Game 1 starter and a welcome new association with the number seven.
Cardinals show their power with 5 homers against Dodgers ST. LOUIS, Missouri Larry Walker savored the moment - make that moments - from the top step of the St. Louis Cardinals #39; dugout.
Baseball Playoffs: Twins double up to beat Yankees in Game 1 NEW YORK It was getting late, and the pregame rock song  quot;Let #39;s Get It Started quot; still applied to the New York Yankees.
Straw in a flap after mid-air incident Baghdad - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said on Wednesday that he faced a major security threat on his trip to Iraq when a flock of birds flew into a helicopter accompanying him, forcing it to land.
2 men killed in mine accident in Nevada near Utah line Two men were killed in an accident Sunday at a copper and gold mine near Ely. Ruth Volunteer Fire Department Chief Martin Sorenson says the victims were repairing a huge shovel at the Robinson Mine when some safety measures failed and they were killed.
CA to buy Netegrity for \$430 million The smaller firm's technology will help strengthen Computer Associates' ability to provide authentication tools, the company says.
Can Japan rule the consumer electronics realm? Yes, say technologists there; they'll do it with a little help from Sony and a group of people called the Bro Dra.
CA to buy Netegrity for \$430 million Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) announced Wednesday that it plans to buy identity and access management software maker Netegrity Inc. of Waltham, Massachusetts, for \$430 million in cash.
Final buzzer arrives for Pippen As six NBA championship trophies covered with his fingerprints gleamed behind him in a trophy case, Scottie Pippen slumped his lean 6-7 frame over a Berto Center podium Tuesday and bade farewell to his playing days.
Oil inventory rise less than forecast NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US stockpiles of crude oil rose by 1.1 million barrels last week, the government reported Wednesday, coming in at half of what analysts had expected.
News offers investors more rights Media group News Corp. Ltd. has offered an olive branch to investors opposed to it moving its main share listing to the United States, telling them it is considering moves to enhance shareholder rights.
Viacom: Blockbuster Exchange Successful Media conglomerate Viacom Inc. (VIAb) said Wednesday its exchange offer to split off its Blockbuster Inc. (BBI) unit, which expired at midnight Tuesday, was successful, based on preliminary results.
Monsanto Posts Narrower 4Q Loss Monsanto Co., a producer of Roundup herbicide and insect-resistant seeds, posted narrower fourth-quarter losses on Wednesday, but said lower Roundup herbicide sales in the United States hurt total quarterly revenue.
StarHub sets IPO price at 95 cents, at lower end of range SINGAPORE : StarHub, Singapore #39;s second largest phone company, has priced its shares at 95 cents apiece, at the lower end of its forecast price range.
PalmOne Hooks into Exchange Users of the Treo smartphone will get out-of-the-box compatibility with Microsoft #39;s Exchange Server, thanks to a licensing deal between Milpitas, Calif.
Maurice Wilkins: Maurice Wilkins, who shared a Nobel Prize for the discovery of DNA #39;s structure, died yesterday aged 87. Wilkins was still a staff member at King #39;s College London, where he had worked since 1946.
Nokia makes inroads into Land Rover Nokia has created communication system that integrates mobile phone functions with the on-board system in Land Rover vehicles. The product dubbed, Personal Telephone Integration, was developed specifically 
Indie music label rejects lock-down CDs A European indie music label is taking an unusual approach to the issue of CD copy protection - it is branding all its releases with a sticker proclaiming the absence of any such control measure.
Broadcom, Agere Settle Suit IRVINE, Calif. -- Broadcom Corporation (NASDAQ:BRCM) today announced that it has settled all outstanding litigation with Agere Systems Inc.
Key battles in England v Wales game England will be determined to restore their battered reputation when their 2006 World Cup qualifying campaign resumes with a mouth-watering clash against Wales at Old Trafford this weekend.
Long day for Sharapova Tokyo - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova had a long day along with 2002 Wimbledon finalists Lleyton Hewitt and David Nalbandian in their first matches at the Japan Open tennis tournament on Wednesday.
Atapattu seeks improvement Sri Lankan skipper Marvan Atapattu put the blame on his batsmen after their eight-wicket defeat by Pakistan. They only totalled 232-9 and Yousuf Youhana (107) and Man of the Match Shoaib Malik (86) comfortably knocked off the runs for the home side.
School House Shock (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It's a noble concept that was designed to bridge the digital divide: Offer public schools and libraries steep discounts on Internet access and phone service through a special government-mandated program. But reports of fraud and lackluster oversight have caused the program to be put on ice and now some educators and librarians are scrambling.
Ten killed by Iraq car bomb as Iraqi-US forces forge ahead with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RAMADI, Iraq, Oct 6 (AFP) - A suicide car bomb ripped through a queue of young national guard recruits in western Iraq Wednesday, killing 10 of them as Iraqi and US forces pursued their crackdown on the country #39;s insurgency.
Dubious plan to free French hostages snags Chirac in fiasco Paris -- A high-stakes scheme to free two French journalists kidnapped in Iraq threatens to embroil President Jacques Chirac in a political scandal over whether his government assisted private intermediaries in negotiating with terrorists for the hostages 
PalmOne Eyes Mobile E-Mail (PC World) PC World - Deal with Microsoft will allow users to access e-mail without third-party software.
The Old World Becomes A Little Newer (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Europe has long been an innovation leader. Centuries ago, Johannes Gutenberg  revolutionized practically everything with his technological marvel, the printing press. Europe's modern-day innovators have changed how we work and play with inventions such as compact disks, the World Wide Web, and the Linux operating system. Today, engineers at Airbus are pushing the envelope with the world's biggest commercial aircraft, the 600-seat, double-decker A380 superjumbo. ...
Computer Associates to Acquire Netegrity (AP) AP - Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a  #36;430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
IBM delivers WebSphere 6.0 (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - IBM on Wednesday formally announced the next major release of WebSphere, code-named Vela, which company officials see as an integral building block for both its ongoing SOA (service-oriented architecture) and On Demand strategies.
DNA Pioneer Maurice Wilkins Dies at 88 (AP) AP - Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, one of the scientists involved in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died Tuesday in London. He was 88.
Scientist Who Played Role in DNA Discovery Dies (Reuters) Reuters - Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, a\British scientist who played a key role in the discovery of the\double helix structure of DNA, died on Tuesday, his university\said on Wednesday.
America's Space Prize: Reaching Higher Than Sub-Orbit (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A new challenge awaits private rocketeers hoping to breach the space frontier with their own versions of reusable spacecraft, this one demanding faster and hardier vehicles capable of orbital flights.
Oil, Profit Warnings Leave Stocks Flat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were little changed on  Wednesday as high crude prices drove up shares of energy  companies, but profit warnings dragged on such sectors as auto  parts and semiconductors.
Arty cosmetic surgery alternative Adiences of an exhibition are being invited to see what they would look like if they had cosmetic surgery.
EU Commission: 'Yes, But' to Turkey Talks  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Turkey won a provisional green light  from the European Commission on Wednesday to open membership  negotiations with the European Union, a watershed decision  after 40 years of on-again, off-again talks.
U.S. Filing Complaint on Airbus Subsidies U.S. trade authorities said Wednesday they will file a complaint against the European Union to the World Trade Organization, contesting what they regard as billions of dollars in unfair subsidies provided to aircraft company Airbus by European governments.
Renault to produce cars in Iran French carmaker Renault sets up a joint venture with Iran to build 300,000 of its new 'no-frills' Logan model a year.
United Airlines to Cut 68 Planes and Add to Foreign Flights United Airlines said today that it would cut 68 airplanes from its fleet, shift more responsibility for domestic routes to its regional carrier, and expand international flying.
Nokia makes inroads into Land Rover Company's communication system integrates cell phone functions into Land Rover's "central infotainment display."
EU, US aerospace aid spat heats up EU files counter-case at World Trade Organization over US aid to Boeing; US files over Airbus. BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU said Wednesday it will file a counter-case at the World Trade Organization (WTO) over 
Stocks Hover Close to Unchanged Levels Oil prices slipped from their record highs Wednesday ahead of the weekly report on US inventories, but stocks hovered close to unchanged levels as investors considered the long-term implications of the flu vaccine shortage.
DNA Pioneer Maurice Wilkins Dies at 88 Maurice Wilkins, the third man in the discovery of the structure of DNA, died Tuesday in London. He was 88. He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1962 along 
Broadcom, Agere Settle Suit Irvine-based Broadcom (www.broadcom.com) said yesterday that it has settled all of the company #39;s outstanding litigation with Agere Systems.
India #39;s greatest Think patience and perseverance. And then turn your attention to Indian cricket. There is one man, Anil Kumble, who instantly comes to mind.
Red Sox open with a bang And when you do all three as well as the Red Sox did on Tuesday afternoon, the result is a 9-3 win over the Angels in the first game of the American League Division Series.
Big Ten gears defenses to stop run For a conference rooted in offensive muscle, the Big Ten seems a little frail in the running department this season. Ohio State and Michigan, which built their reputations on power football, rank 
Fake Telephone Calls Trouble European Airlines On October 5, an unidentified call rang in the Lufthansa airlines office while one of its flights was flying from Frankfurt to Tel Aviv in Israel.
SAP presents new capabilities for Netweaver SAP AG announced two updates to the Master Data Management (MDM) component of its NetWeaver integration and application platform on Tuesday. The updates, which will appear by the end of the year, are designed to make it easier to synchronize data between different systems. Two other new NetWeaver enhancements, faster searching of corporate data and more robust handling of errors in Java applications, will only appear in the next release of NetWeaver, planned for 2005, the company said at the SAP TechEd conference in San Diego.
China to strive for prudent, stable fiscal, monetary policies in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - China #39;s leaders have wrapped up a key economic meeting pledging to strive for stable economic growth next year with an emphasis on quality and efficiency rather than simply a high growth rate.
Hitachi, Toshiba unveil fuel cells CHIBA, JAPAN -- Hitachi Ltd. and Toshiba Corp. unveiled this week new fuel cell prototypes for a range of applications that could be commercialized as early as next year.
Howard Stern to broadcast on Sirius Satellite Radio Howard Stern, one of the most popular US radio personalities, said Wednesday he will broadcast his show on Sirius Satellite Radio (SIRI) beginning in 2006, after being dropped earlier this year from several stations that objected to 
PeopleSoft nearly positive towards Oracle bid PeopleSoft said it could accept a takeover bid from Oracle and now needs time to weigh on it. Oracle has been haunting PeopleSoft for 15 months with the possible bid of \$7.
Smucker to Take 2Q Charge on Unit Sale JM Smucker Co., a maker of jams, peanut butter, shortening and oils, said on Wednesday that it will sell its Brazil operations, Smucker do Brasil Ltda.
UPDATE 1-RESEARCH ALERT-Analysts cut Open Text ratings Analysts cut their ratings and slashed stock targets for Open Text Corp.(OTC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday, citing concerns that the software maker #39;s warning of weaker-than-forecast quarterly results signal growth 
Google Challenges Amazon with Book Search Google Challenges Amazon with Book Search\\Google has quietly launched a new book search service which is predicted to rival Google publishing partner and Internet book retailer Amazon.com. Accoding to a Rueters report Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin will be holding a press conference on Thursday to demonstrate the ...
Goldcorp, Wheaton to merge Goldcorp Inc. yesterday became the third North American mining company this year to launch a bid to buy Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Make Column View a Permanent Thing In love with column view? Find out how to make it a permanent thing at the Apple Pro/ site in the latest Mac OS X killer tip. Sep 29
All Options Open for OPEC Meeting - Iran All options, including cutting quotas, are up for discussion when OPEC ministers meet in Cairo this week to plan their response to a sharp fall in prices 
Doing the balancing act The Australians are currently weighing up their choice in the Federal election, and the country #39;s top-order batsmen also looked confused as they decided between two party #39;s policies.
Henry - may now also committ to the Gunners long-term Arsenal shareholders will head into Thursday #39;s annual general meeting at Highbury secure in the knowledge the future of their club is in safe hands.
BAR look to celebrate century with elusive win SUZUKA, Japan (AFP) - BAR will celebrate their 100th Grand Prix start in Sunday #39;s Japanese Grand Prix with drivers Jenson Button and Takuma Sato chasing an elusive victory at Suzuka.
Cole found guilty by FA London, England (Sports Network) - The Football Association suspended Fulham striker Andy Cole for three matches Wednesday. The suspension stems from an incident during Fulham #39;s 1-1 draw with West Bromwich on September 18.
Gamblers hope to hit the Nobel Peace Prize jackpot (AFP) AFP - Endless money forms the sinews of war, Cicero once said, but it may also be the dividend of peace -- especially for gamblers who can now place bets online on the person or organisation they think is going to be named the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize winner on Friday.
Iran Readies Uranium for Enrichment, UN Watching  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran said on Wednesday it had processed  several tons of raw "yellowcake" uranium to prepare it for  enrichment -- a process that can be used to make atomic weapons  -- in defiance of the U.N. nuclear watchdog.
Blair: World Will Keep Pressure on Sudan for Peace  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  warned Sudan on Wednesday the international community would not  rest until violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive  peace deal was struck across the whole country.
Strong Quake, 5.8 on Richter, Jolts Tokyo  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake measuring 5.8 on the  Richter scale jolted eastern Japan including Tokyo on Wednesday  evening, but there was no danger of tsunami tidal waves, the  Metereorological Agency said.
Death for Kabila prosecutor A former military prosecutor in the Democratic of Congo is sentenced to death by a military court for murder.
EU spells out Balkan entry terms The EU executive sets tough terms for Eastern European countries hoping to join in the coming years.
AP: Iran Moves Toward Nuclear Production TEHRAN, Iran - Iran has produced "a few tons" of the gas needed to enrich uranium, a top nuclear official said Wednesday, confirming the country has defied international demands and taken a necessary step toward producing nuclear fuel - or nuclear weapons.    Uranium hexafluoride gas is the material that, in the next stage, is fed into centrifuges used to enrich uranium...
Stern to Join Sirius Satellite Radio NEW YORK - Top-ranked shock jock Howard Stern says he is leaving Infinity Broadcasting Corp. to join Sirius satellite radio, beginning in January 2006, where he'll get the national audience he has coveted...
Woods Marries Model in Barbados Ceremony SANDY LANE BEACH, Barbados - Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$3 million, according to witnesses.    Oprah Winfrey and former NBA stars Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley were among more than 120 guests seen by an Associated Press reporter perched on a hill overlooking the club house of the Sandy Lane resort and golf course, which went to extraordinary lengths to shield the ceremony from journalists...
Stocks Decline on Vaccine Shortage News NEW YORK - Oil prices slipped from their record highs Wednesday ahead of the weekly report on U.S. inventories, but stocks continued their slide as investors considered the long-term implications of the flu vaccine shortage...
Getting wine online For many wine aficionados, the most important case in years is about to be opened. On Tuesday, the US Supreme Court will hear arguments from small wineries and state regulators 
Oil Climbs Back Over \$50 Per Barrel SINGAPORE, OCT 5: US oil prices scrambled back over \$50 a barrel on Tuesday, kept on edge by a prolonged production outage in the Gulf of Mexico at a time when major exporters are already pumping nearly full tilt.
Stern quits Viacom for multimillion radio deal with Sirius NEW YORK - Howard Stern, the controversial talk radio host who is the scourge of conservative Americans, is quitting Viacom to host his show on the satellite radio service Sirius as part of five-year, multimillion-dollar deal.
Dow falls as oil prices rise; Nasdaq gains NEW YORK - Uneasy investors sold stocks mostly lower Tuesday as oil prices climbed above \$51 per barrel, creating new worries that rising energy costs would curb consumer spending and corporate profits.
Braves' Furcal Allowed to Play in Playoffs (AP) AP - Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal may play in the playoffs despite a probation violation on a drunken-driving charge.
Hewitt on Roddick #39;s heels LLEYTON HEWITT overcame a mid-match blip to make a strong start to his Japan Open campaign and take another small step towards replacing Andy Roddick as the world #39;s No.
Woods struggling to cope with body changes - Singh Vijay Singh thinks the main reason he has replaced Tiger Woods as world number one is the American #39;s failure to adapt to changes in his body.
Giants Place Shaun Williams on IR (Reuters) Reuters - New York Giants\safety Shaun Williams was placed on injured reserve Wednesday\due to a left knee injury.
Fiery Latham offers sharp contrast Win or lose on October 9, Labor Party leader Mark Latham has already etched himself into the annals of Australian political history.
Giants Place Shaun Williams on IR  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (Sports Network) - New York Giants  safety Shaun Williams was placed on injured reserve Wednesday  due to a left knee injury.
Woods Marries Model in Barbados Ceremony Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$3 million, according to witnesses.
Howard Stern to Move to Sirius Radio  NEW YORK (Reuters) - "Shock jock" Howard Stern will jump to  Sirius Satellite Radio &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIRI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIRI.O&lt;/A&gt; in January 2006, moving his  controversial show from the public airwaves and giving the  nascent satellite radio sector a big boost.
U.S., EU Spar Over Airbus, Boeing Aid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and Europe on  Wednesday filed tit-for-tat World Trade Organization complaints  over billions of dollars in subsidies for top aircraft  manufacturers Airbus and Boeing.
Knight Trading Group Warns of Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Knight Trading Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NITE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NITE.O&lt;/A&gt;,  one of the biggest traders of Nasdaq stocks, on Wednesday  forecast a third-quarter loss, missing Wall Street expectations  of a profit, because of low trading volumes.
New Smartphone Triumvirate Intel, Nokia, and Symbian's alliance should shake competitors' confidence.
EU hits back over Boeing #39;s  quot;massive quot; aid The EU has hit back after Washington filed a case at the World Trade Organisation over state aid for aircraft maker Airbus EAD.PA , filing its own case over what it called  quot;massive illegal quot; aid for Boeing BA.
United to cut domestic flights United Airlines #39; parent company, UAL Corp., said Wednesday it #39;s airline will reduce US flights and focus more attention on more profitable international flights.
Protection key to News US move THE News Corporation Ltd could probably satisfy most of the corporate governance criticisms relating to its proposed move to the US by simply formally adopting its previously stated intentions.
T-Mobile Secures Wi-Fi HotSpots T-Mobile USA today released a new secure encrypted Connection Manager that will enable users to login to any of the 4700 nationwide HotSpot wireless networks.
Clean green cars move one step closer A new generation of cheaper and more efficient hydrogen fuel cells may bring the environmentalists dream of affordable, green cars one step closer to reality.
Sharapova, Hewitt advance at Japan Open TOKYO -- Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the Japan Open quarterfinals on Wednesday after overcoming a shaky second set to defeat Australian Samantha Stosur 6-4, 1-6, 6-3.
Angels crash to earth as Red Sox run riot MANNY RAMIREZ #39;s three-run home run capped a seven-run fourth inning as the Boston Red Sox registered a 9-3 win over the Angels at Anaheim in the opening game of their American League Division Series on Tuesday.
When it comes to the playoffs, the more the merrier is my &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Of all the changes in sports, the one that fundamentalists have the hardest time accepting is the addition of the wild card in baseball.
Thai PM resumes musical chairs THAI Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra reshuffled his 36-member cabinet for the ninth time yesterday, dispensing with three senior ministers in a move designed to limit his own responsibility for key crises.
Airline turns to more profitable routes amid US fare wars SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines, said Wednesday it will overhaul its route structure to reduce costs and offset rising fuel costs.
Stocks Slip As Oil Jumps to Record High Stocks sagged Wednesday as oil jumped to a fresh record high on a mixed report about US crude inventories, and investors considered the long-term implications of the flu vaccine shortage.
Monsanto posts Q4 loss, boosts outlook Restructuring charges of \$44 million contributed to Monsanto #39;s reported fourth-quarter 2004 loss of \$42 million, compared to a loss of \$188 million in the same quarter last year.
EADS Buys Military Electronics Co. Racal European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company NV acquired US military electronics company Racal Instruments Inc. in a deal worth up to US\$130 million (euro105 million), the European defense giant said Wednesday.
Knight Trading Group Warns of Loss Knight Trading Group Inc. (NITE.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the biggest traders of Nasdaq stocks, on Wednesday forecast a third-quarter loss, missing Wall Street expectations of a profit, because of low trading volumes.
Hitachi, Toshiba Show Portable Fuel Cells (PC World) PC World - Devices to power to PDAs, cell phones, and laptops could be available next year.
EU takes US to WTO following move on Airbus aid The European Commission said Wednesday it will seek consultations with the United States at the World Trade Organisation in response to US action over state aid for the European aircraft maker Airbus.
United Airlines: We #39;ll strength hubs, pull back elsewhere United Airlines management says it is  quot;substantially accelerating quot; its restructuring plans to add lucrative international routes, strengthen its hubs, and cut back on other domestic service.
Monsanto Posts Loss, Herbicide Sales Drop Agricultural chemicals maker Monsanto Co. (MON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) posted a quarterly net loss on Wednesday as a drop in Roundup herbicide sales in the 
EADS buys Racal Instruments European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co. NV, the parent of aircraft maker Airbus, Wednesday said it has agreed to acquire Racal Instruments Group for up to \$130 million.
Congress pulls FDA tobacco oversight In a setback for public health groups, Congress moved closer to passing tobacco buyout legislation yesterday but removed a provision for federal regulation of tobacco products.
Medarex #39;s Hodgkin #39;s treatment gets orphan status PRINCETON, NJ (Dow Jones/AP) _ Biopharmaceutical company Medarex Inc. said Wednesday its Hodgkin #39;s disease treatment was granted orphan drug designation by the Food and Drug Administration.
More Steam, Ash Likely at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Weeks or months of occasional steam blasts and possibly some eruptions of fresh volcanic rock and ash are the most likely scenario at Mount St. Helens, scientists say.
Yahoo Unveils Personal Search Yahoo launched a beta version of My Yahoo Search, giving users more-advanced Web-search capabilities. Competition has been heating up in the search-engine space, with Amazon.
Presse Economique / Telecommunications PLANO, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 6, 2004--Enfora LP, leader des solutions de donnes sans fil, a annonc ce jour le lancement d #39;une nouvelle gamme d #39;accessoires Wireless Portfolio(TM) pour la prise en 
Sony to begin selling AV recording server with PC and TV functions TOKYO, Oct 05, 2004 (AFX-UK via COMTEX) -- Sony Corp said it will begin selling on Nov 20 an audiovisual recording server with a storage capacity of 1 terabyte - equivalent to 1,000 gigabytes - that also functions as a high-end PC with seven analog 
Fulham Football Club star handed ban The former Manchester United star has been handed a three-match ban and a 10,000 fine for his bust-up with West Bromwich Albion defender Neil Clement last month.
Israel #39;s Labour Party raps Sharon aide #39;s remarks on pullout plan Israel #39;s Labour Party lashed out Wednesday at a Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s aide who said the Gaza pullout plan was aimed at freezing the peace process.
Car bomb explodes in Iraqi town, several killed A car bomb blew up in the western Iraqi town of Anah on Wednesday, killing several people, witnesses said. The blast targeted a recruits queued at National Guards building in the town, some 260 km west of Baghdad.
Thai PM fires ministers over bird flu, Muslim unrest BANGKOK: Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra fired ministers responsible for dealing with a bird flu crisis and violence in the largely Muslim south yesterday, just months ahead of a general election.
Fraud trial for Spanish bank boss The chairman of Spain's largest banking group, Santander Central Hispano, is to stand trial on charges of tax fraud.
AP: Iran Moves Toward Nuclear Production (AP) AP - Iran has produced a few tons of the gas needed to enrich uranium, a top nuclear official indicated Wednesday, confirming the country has defied international demands and taken a necessary step toward producing nuclear fuel  #151; or nuclear weapons.
British prime minister to press Sudanese government on Darfur conflict (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) - Sudan agrees to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces in Darfur and will accept a big increase in international ceasefire monitors, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday after talks with the country's president.
DeLay: Eyelid Operation Improved Vision (AP) AP - Democrats may argue that House Republican Leader Tom DeLay's vision is obscured but the combative Texan says he is seeing things more clearly these days.
Afghan Campaign Ends; Karzai's Deputy Escapes Bomb  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai's running  mate for a historic presidential election narrowly escaped a  bomb set off by Taliban guerrillas as the campaign closed on  Wednesday.
Gaddafi asks for Bigley's release Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi has appealed for the British hostage in Iraq Ken Bigley to be freed, reports say.
Tiger smuggling 'out of control' The future of the wild tiger is gravely threatened by the trade of skins to China, a lobby group warns.
Golf: Woods' swing blamed for dip Vijay Singh says Tiger Woods lost his number one status after failing to change his swing.
Viewers See Cheney-Edwards Debate As Draw CLEVELAND - Dick Cheney and John Edwards slugged it out over jobs, judgment and Iraq in a hard-hitting debate that set the stage for President Bush's speech Wednesday denouncing his Democratic rival's record on national security.    Their debate Tuesday night was largely a draw, moving the attention once again to their bosses in the second presidential showdown Friday night...
Woods Marries Swedish Model in Barbados SANDY LANE BEACH, Barbados - Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados, according to witnesses. The sunset ceremony reportedly cost \$1.5 million...
Stocks Slip As Oil Jumps to Record High NEW YORK - Stocks sagged Wednesday as oil jumped to a fresh record high on a mixed report about U.S. crude inventories, and investors considered the long-term implications of the flu vaccine shortage...
Report: Saddam Not in Pursuit of Weapons WASHINGTON - Undercutting the Bush's administration's rationale for invading Iraq, the final report of the chief U.S. arms inspector concludes that Saddam Hussein did not vigorously pursue a program to develop weapons of mass destruction after international inspectors left Baghdad in 1998, an administration official said Wednesday...
Congress Works on 9/11 Panel Legislation WASHINGTON - Racing the clock, Senate leaders are applying finishing touches to bipartisan legislation addressing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations just as House GOP leaders prepare to debate their version, which Democrats call partisan and weak...
Blair Visits Sudan British Prime Minister Tony Blair warned Sudan on Wednesday the international community would not rest until violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive peace deal was struck across the whole country.
Savvy Shoppers Can Find Cheaper Drugs in U.S. A task force led by the U.S. Surgeon General is still drafting its report on drug importation, but one conclusion is already clear: Savvy shoppers can find cheaper prescription drugs in American pharmacies.
Voluntary Flu Vaccine Rationing Urged By LAURAN NEERGAARD     WASHINGTON (AP) -- A top federal health official, lamenting "a very fragile vaccine production system," urged healthy people Wednesday to defer getting their influenza shots so medication will be available for those most at risk.    "We really need a long-term solution so we don't end up in this year-to-year situation where we don't have a reliable supply," Dr...
Hypertension Hurts Brain Function in Young By Kathleen Doheny, HealthDay Reporter    Study finds hypertension erodes cognitive ability in those of all ages    HealthDayNews -- For years, experts have known that high blood pressure is related to poor cognitive performance in older adults and can lead to adverse changes in the brain.    Now, researchers report that young adults with high blood pressure are just as susceptible to decreased mental function as are older people are...
Conway: 'Genghis Khan' comment was fair In fact, Larry Ellison compares himself to the warlord, according to PeopleSoft's former CEO, defending previous remarks he made.
Fed chief praises health of US banks THE US banking system is in very good shape after weathering a recession and several big bankruptcies, according to Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan.
Many Cores On Many Chips SAN JOSE, CALIF. - Everywhere you look at the Fall Processor Forum, there #39;s another chip with more than one core. At this annual industry conference where chip companies discuss the designs they #39;re working 
WebSphere Gets Makeover from IBM IBM #39;s new WebSphere release, Version 6, automatically troubleshoots systems and identifies network glitches that could lead to power outages.
Judge Allows Atlanta's Furcal to Play in Playoffs (Reuters) Reuters - Despite a probation\violation on a drunken- driving charge, Atlanta Braves\shortstop Rafael Furcal may participate in the playoffs.
Rough weather hampers bid to rescue disabled Canadian submarine British ships battled through rough weather on Wednesday to reach a Canadian navy submarine with 57 crewmembers on board that was drifting in the Atlantic after an electrical fire that officials said was more severe than originally thought.
Designer puts 96 cores on single chip Chips that help a computer's main microprocessors perform specific types of math problems are becoming a big business once again.\
New trojan program squashes adware A new Trojan horse program that attacks and removes troublesome advertising software, known as "adware," is circulating on the Internet, according to antivirus company Symantec Corp.
Hitachi, Toshiba Show Portable Fuel Cells Devices to power to PDAs, cell phones, and laptops could be available next year.
Billion-Dollar Sex Joke Sirius signs Howard Stern to a multiyear deal, and "investors" lose their minds.
Oil Closes Near \$52 on Winter Fuel Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended record-setting highs  close to \$52 a barrel for U.S. crude on Wednesday, fueled by  the impact of Hurricane Ivan on U.S. winter inventories.
Stocks Flat as Oil Hits Another Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were near the unchanged  mark on Wednesday as crude prices climbed to another record and  profit warnings hit such sectors as auto parts and  semiconductors.
Monsanto Posts Loss, Herbicide Sales Drop  KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Reuters) - Agricultural chemicals maker  Monsanto Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MON.N&lt;/A&gt; posted a quarterly net loss on Wednesday  as a drop in Roundup herbicide sales in the United States more  than offset increased demand for its specialty seed technology.
Treasury Bond Prices Lower  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slipped on  Wednesday as the market struggled to absorb \$24 billion in new  supply just a few days before a jobs report which could set the  trend for yields for weeks to come.
Howard Stern to Join Sirius Satellite Radio Top-ranked shock jock Howard Stern says he is leaving Infinity Broadcasting Corp. to join Sirius satellite radio, beginning in January 2006, where he'll get the national audience he has coveted.
Experts Say U.S. Computer Control Systems Vulnerable By JUAN A. LOZANO    HOUSTON (AP) -- Businesses and government agencies must re-examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said Tuesday...
Second historical flight of a private spaceship successful Tehachapi resident Michael Melvill, pilot of SpaceShipOne, made a second successful flight into space on the morning of Sept. 29 to vie for the \$10 million prize in the Ansari XPrize competition.
Linear #39;s Founding CEO to Step Down Linear Technology Corp., a maker of linear integrated circuits that transform analog signals into digital form, said Wednesday that chief executive Bob Swanson will shift to a new role after 23 years to become executive chairman.
Howard Stern Signs \$500 Million Deal with Sirius Sirius Satellite Radio announced a five-year deal with Howard Stern this morning that will bring the King of All Media to satellite radio in 2006.
United to cut domestic flights, trim fleet UAL Corp., the bankrupt parent of United Airlines, announced Wednesday plans to cut domestic flights by 12 percent, while increasing more profitable international schedules by 14 percent.
Microsoft Introduces MSN TV 2 Internet and Media Player The MSN TV 2 is a complete overhaul of the earlier MSN TV Internet receiver. Based on the Microsoft Windows CE operating system, it ships preloaded with Windows Media Player for TV, Microsoft 
EarthLink Offers Free VoIP EarthLink is offering free VoIP calling as an incentive to sign up for its high-speed Internet service. The free service is available to the company #39;s million-plus broadband customers.
Rich Red Devils Fan May Scupper Glazer Manchester United fans attempts to stave off a threatened takeover by American businessman Malcolm Glazer have received a substantial boost.
Southampton #39;s Fernandes avoids jail Southampton, England (Sports Network) - Southampton midfielder Fabrice Fernandes was sentenced Wednesday in a case involving drunken driving.
Soccer: Women #39;s event draws protests DHAKA, Bangladesh The organizers of Bangladesh #39;s first women #39;s tournament on Wednesday said play would continue, despite protests by a Muslim group that termed the event  quot;indecent and against Islamic norms.
US, Iraqi Forces Seal Off Insurgent Stronghold Baghdad, Iraq -- Pro-government forces in Iraq are trying to retake control of insurgent-dominated regions ahead of January national elections.
Gaddafi Joins Appeals for British Hostage #39;s Release The brother leader issued an appeal to the kidnappers saying: We request the release of this poor Briton since his family had requested our help ... and if they have any conditions, convey them to us in any way possible, JANA said.
Powell visits Grenada amid grumbling ST. GEORGE #39;S, Grenada -- Secretary of State Colin Powell began a visit to Grenada on Wednesday to see the devastation left by Hurricane Ivan as islanders complained the United States could be doing more to help.
Iran arms threat Iran has increased the range of its missiles to 2000km, a senior official was quoted as saying, putting parts of Europe within reach for the first time.
Plutonium arrives despite protest A shipment of 140 kg of United States weapons-grade plutonium arrived in the French port of Cherbourg last night, despite protests by anti-nuclear campaigners who fear it is vulnerable to a terrorist attack.
Bomb hoax halts flight NICOSIA - Israeli fighter jets mistakenly buzzed a Swiss aircraft close to Cyprus before intercepting a German airliner and forcing it to land on the island because of a bomb threat, officials said.
SEC Charges Ex-Peregrine Execs with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission on Wednesday said it filed civil fraud charges  against six former senior officers at Peregrine Systems Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PRGN.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PRGN.PK&lt;/A&gt; who orchestrated and tried to cover up a massive  accounting fraud at the technology company.
This Ginseng Malted Beverage Is for You Anheuser-Busch is experimenting, which is worth a try, although associating the new drink with Bud may be risky.
It's "Show Me" Time at Apollo Superstar educator Apollo is underperforming the S P 500 -- does that make it cheap?
What Howard Sterns Sirius Deal Radio titan Howard Stern and leading Sirius Satellite Radio announced today a five-year, multimillion dollar deal to air Stern #39;s show on the satellite radio provider as of Jan. 1, 2006.
US House, Senate agree on corporate tax bill US Senate and House of Representatives negotiators agreed on Wednesday on a huge corporate tax bill that will repeal export subsidies that violate global trade rules and give manufacturers a new tax break.
Raytheon Buys Photon Research Associates Defense contractor Raytheon Co. said Wednesday that it purchased privately held Photon Research Associates Inc., a provider of physics-based modeling services for government customers.
Knight Trading Sees 3Q Operating Loss Knight Trading Group Inc., an equities trading company serving institutional and broker-dealer clients, said Wednesday that it will report a third-quarter operating loss of 1 cent to 4 cents per share due to poor performance in its 
Oil Prices, Inventories Rise NEW YORK -- Crude oil prices have resumed their climb after word that the nation #39;s crude supply grew for the second week in a row.
US files WTO case vs EU for Airbus subsidies WASHINGTON (AFX) -- The US has filed a case with the World Trade Organization alleging that the European Union provides unfair government funding to Airbus, United States Trade Representative Robert Zoellick announced Wednesday.
EADS acquires Racal Instruments for \$105 million Arlington, Va.-based EADS North America has purchased Racal Instruments Inc., a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electronic tests and measurement equipment, for \$105 million.
Google Steals a Page from Amazon #39;s Book Search Google Inc. on Wednesday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
Inhale Some Drugs, Feel Better The maker of FluMist said it is looking into whether it can make more of the inhalable flu vaccine to help the federal government deal with a looming flu vaccine shortage.
Linear Technology charts CEO transition Integrated circuits maker Linear Technology Corp., of Milpitas, says Bob Swanson will give up the title of chief executive officer after 23 years, shifting to a new role as executive chairman.
Creditors Wrap Up Sale of Hynix Chip Unit to Citigroup  quot;All administrative work has been completed to sell Hynix #39;s non-memory chip unit to Citigroup Venture Equity Partners LP, quot; Hynix #39;s primary creditor bank said.
Nokia and Land Rover offfer advanced handsfree solution Nokia and Land Rover have jointly developed a Personal Telephone Integration (PTI) System, an integrated automotive communications solution for Land Rover vehicles such as the new Discovery 3 and Range Rover.
Sharapova, Hewitt struggle but win at Japan Open Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova and top-seeded Lleyton Hewitt both struggled to three-set victories at the Japan Open on Wednesday.
Yankees facing must-win situation This time, however, they hope to take a 2-0 lead back to Minnesota as they continue their best-of-five AL Division series with the New York Yankees.
Fernandes escapes jail time London - Southampton midfielder Fabrice Fernandes just managed to escape jail time on Wednesday after jumping a number of red lights while being chased by police.
Simms will make first pro start for Bucs Chris Simms will make his first pro start at quarterback for the winless Tampa Bay Buccaneers this week, replacing Brad Johnson.  quot;I hope I can give us the spark we need, quot; Simms said Wednesday, when the Bucs 
UPDATE 1-Fulham striker Cole gets extra three-match ban Fulham striker Andy Cole has been handed a further three-match ban for abusive language and violent conduct during last month #39;s stormy Premier League match at West Bromwich Albion.
Rugby-Two South Africans in IRB best-of-year nominations South Africans Schalk Burger and Marius Joubert are among five players shortlisted for the International Rugby Board #39;s player of the year.
Palestinian state shelved  #39;with US blessing #39; Ariel Sharon #39;s chief of staff has said the aim of Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan is to rule out a Palestinian state indefinitely.
AT amp;T Peeks Out of the Box There are more signs that, at least in theory, the dominance of Microsoft #39;s (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows operating system may be slightly less potent than, say, a year ago this time.
MTV, Gamers  Hope Video Clicks With Young Voters (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It's not JoJo, not Britney, but Lara Croft in that hip-hugging outfit, who raps, "You've got to stand and choose."
Google Steals a Page from Amazon's Book Search (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. on Wednesday\introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell\books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet\retailer Amazon.com.
Scientists Create Genetic Map of Cattle (AP) AP - For the first time, scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, providing researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products, the Agriculture Department announced Wednesday.
Spirit Rover Disabled by Steering Problem (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A steering problem disabled the Mars Rover Spirit Oct. 1, NASA officials said yesterday. The robot has not moved since.
Alitalia Signs Agreement With Government (AP) AP - Italian airline Alitalia signed an agreement Wednesday with the government and labor unions over layoffs at the carrier, the final hurdle in long negotiations for ensuring the company's immediate survival.
UN, Blair Issue Warnings Over Violence in Sudan (Reuters) Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair\warned Sudan on Wednesday violence must end in Darfur and the\United Nations said it might not be able to cope if conditions\there fail to improve.
Google Steals a Page from Amazon's Book Search  FRANKFURT/LONDON (Reuters) - Google Inc. on Wednesday  introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell  books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet  retailer Amazon.com.
House, Senate Agree on Corporate Tax Bill (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Senate and House of\Representatives negotiators agreed on Wednesday on a huge\corporate tax bill that will repeal export subsidies that\violate global trade rules and give manufacturers a new tax\break.
U.S. Bomb-Grade Plutonium Shipment Arrives in France  CHERBOURG, France (Reuters) - A heavily guarded ship  carrying a large shipment of U.S. weapons-grade plutonium  docked in the French port of Cherbourg on Wednesday, defying  protesters who say the shipment is vulnerable to terrorist  attack.
Sharon plan 'blocked peace talks' A top Israeli official says the significance of withdrawing from Gaza is to stop a political settlement with Palestinians.
Obesity increases cancer threat \Breast cancer is more likely to kill obese women than those of normal weight, research suggests.
Stern moves to satellite network Shock jock Howard Stern is quitting his morning show to join a subscription satellite radio network.
Protein death process earns Nobel The scientists who discovered how cells mark proteins for destruction receive the 2004 Nobel Prize for chemistry.
EU to look into Oracle bid -- again Commission expected to resume probe over proposed deal after suspending it in April, source says. BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission is expected to resume its probe of software group Oracle Corp.
Knight Trading forecasts 3Q loss Major Nasdaq stock trader says it will miss Wall Street expectations due to low trading volumes. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Knight Trading Group Inc.
Update 2: Computer Associates to Acquire Netegrity Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Fannie Mae executives defend accounting decisions Fannie Mae #39;s regulator told Congress on Wednesday his office was considering management changes at the mortgage finance company after finding pervasive accounting irregularities.
Tweeter Posts Lower 4Q Sales Consumer electronics retailer Tweeter Home Entertainment Group Inc. said Wednesday that same-store sales declined 3.5 percent in the fourth quarter after the effects of recent hurricanes.
US Stocks Rise on Earnings Optimism; Shares of Alcoa Advance US stocks rose as optimism about third-quarter earnings reports overshadowed record oil prices. Alcoa Inc., which is scheduled to announce results tomorrow, led gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Viacom announces preliminary results of Blockbuster share exchange Viacom Inc. (NYSE: VIA) said Wednesday that, based on preliminary results, its exchange offer for the split-off of Blockbuster Inc.
Nobel laureate and DNA pioneer Maurice Wilkins dies LONDON One of the scientists involved in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA has died. Maurice Wilkins shared the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1962 for his role in what #39;s considered one of the most important discoveries in science.
Residents Wary Of Venting Volcano (CBS/AP) Cloudy weather obscured the top of Mount St. Helens on Wednesday morning, making it difficult for visitors to see the volcano #39;s crater after several days of steam and ash eruptions.
Tools wrap: Web services, e-commerce, XML touted OCTOBER 06, 2004 (INFOWORLD) - Systinet Corp., Amazon.com Inc. and Altova GmbH this week are announcing tools geared toward development of Web services, e-commerce, and XML applications, respectively.
Privacy #39;s the game for Woods #39; big day Tiger Woods will lose money but gain a greater prize in his latest trip to a golf course. Richard Alleyne reports from Barbados. If you are the world #39;s richest and most obsessive golfer, where better to get 
Bengals ink veteran safety Mitchell Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Bengals signed veteran safety Anthony Mitchell on Wednesday to fill their depleted secondary.
Cole Ban Adds to Fulham Woes Fulhams season was plunged into further crisis today when the Football Association found Andrew Cole guilty of two charges of bringing the game into disrepute and doubled his suspension from three to six matches.
Giggs Prompts Neville Wishing Game Gary Neville joined Sven-Goran Eriksson in admitting his wish that Ryan Giggs was English as he faced up to the challenge of marking his Manchester United team-mate at Old Trafford this weekend.
England fall short at IRB awards Less than a year after walking away with the three top prizes, England have failed to receive a single nomination in any of the major categories for the annual International Rugby Board awards.
Iran rejects IAEA demand Tehran - Iranian officials said on Wednesday they will not cede to international demands for the Islamic republic to suspend its controversial uranium enrichment activities, saying they were ready for confrontation or negotiation.
US and Iraqi forces seal off insurgent stronghold south of Baghdad &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US and Iraqi forces sealed off roads to an insurgent stronghold south of Baghdad on Wednesday and militants bombed two bridges in an 
Alitalia to present finalized restructuring plan LONDON, October 6 (newratings.com) - Alitalia (ALI.FSE) has reached an agreement with its major labour unions and the Italian government, enabling the loss-making airline to access a 400 million (492.
Investor doesn #39;t see browser in Google #39;s future SAN FRANCISCO--Google board member and investor John Doerr said Tuesday that despite speculation, the search giant would not enter in the Web browser market, but he predicted others would.
Maurice Wilkins dies Maurice Hugh Frederick Wilkins, joint winner of the Nobel Prize in 1962 for his role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died on Tuesday (October 5), Kings College London announced on Wednesday.
Enter your e-mail: Here #39;s my colleague Denny Arar #39;s report on PalmOne #39;s latest business-oriented PDA, the \$399 Tungsten T5. The T5 has a big screen (320 by 480), scads of memory (256MB), built-in Bluetooth, and other features.
Microsoft targets couch potatoes Personal computers have rapidly turned into storage vaults for digital music, photos and videos. Now, computer-industry companies are rolling out new ways to let that content roam through the house.
Woods on course to wed TIGER Woods went scuba diving yesterday while the world waited to hear if he was going to tie the knot. On a yacht, anchored off Barbados #39; most famous resort, Sandy Lane, was his Swedish fiancee Elin Nordegren and other guests.
LIVE! FROM SUNNY ANAHEIM Maybe it #39;s the memory of Curt Schilling sprinting off the mound during an 8-2 game, pulling down a high chopper, awkwardly throwing the ball into right field, then pulling up lame as my buddy Hench screamed  quot;He #39;s grabbing his ankle, I think he hurt his 
Michael Owen fit for England game Michael Owen is expected to be fit for Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier game against Wales. Owen, who has been suffering from a hamstring injury, managed to train successfully on Wednesday.
Gaza pullout a tactic ISRAEL #39;S plan to withdraw from Gaza was designed to put the peace process on hold and block the creation of a Palestinian state, a top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview yesterday.
Contested US nuclear cargo arrives in France CHERBOURG, France, Oct 6 (AFP) - Police threw a heavy escort around a shipment of plutonium from US weapons arsenals as it was offloaded from a ship and taken by military convoy to a nuclear recycling plant in western France on Wednesday despite protests 
Jo-Ann shares fall 10 on warnings Fabric and craft retailer lowers its profit outlook for both the third quarter and full year. ATLANTA (Reuters) - Shares of fabric and craft retailer Jo-Ann Stores Inc.
CITGO to spend \$320 million to clean air A new Clean Air Act settlement with CITGO in Texas will significantly reduce harmful emissions from oil refineries, the Justice Department said Wednesday.
Sun  #39;Panther #39; Chip Doubles Clock Speed SAN JOSE, Calif.Sun Microsystems Inc. officials disclosed Tuesday that the UltraSparc IV  quot;Panther quot; chip will offer twice the performance of the UltraSparc IV.
Extinct humans left louse legacy Some head lice infesting people today were probably spread to us thousands of years ago by an extinct species of early human, a genetics study reveals.
Sony raises the bar for personal video recorders Japan #39;s Sony Corp. will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage - enough to record six TV channels for a week straight - the company said.
Oil's Rally Takes U.S. Crude Over \$52  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil's record-breaking rally took U.S.  crude over \$52 a barrel on Wednesday, a new all-time high,  fueled by the impact of Hurricane Ivan on U.S. winter  inventories.
Regulator Says Fannie Mae Flouted Rules Fannie Mae's prime regulator said today that the giant mortgage company deliberately flouted accounting rules to project an image of smooth and relatively low-risk-earnings growth.
SEC Charges Ex-Peregrine Execs with Fraud   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission filed civil suits on Wednesday charging that six  former top executives at the technology company Peregrine  Systems committed massive accounting fraud.
T. rex descended from feathered ancestor Chinese palaeontologists have uncovered the most complete fossil yet of an ancestral tyrannosaur, and found that filamentary protofeathers covered its body.
Sony Launches Vaio with 1 Terabyte Hard Drive two dedicated for PC applications and two for program recording. In extended-play mode, the Vaio PC can store 19 
CA CEO: IT is too complex Editor #39;s Summary: The new CEO at Computer Associates has spoken! He said in a speech this week that IT products are not being designed with the customers #39; needs in mind and that the products out there are too complex.
Green jacket required for Woods wedding? According to various professional snooping outlets, the world #39;s most popular golfer got hitched. The alleged venue was beach-adjacent in Barbados, which would seem to frame Tiger with an unbeatable sand trap.
Regulator Says Fannie Mae Deliberately Flouted Rules Fannie Mae #39;s prime regulator said today that the giant mortgage company deliberately flouted accounting rules to project an image of smooth and relatively low-risk-earnings growth.
Raytheon acquires San Diego engineering design firm Waltham-based defense giant Raytheon said it has acquired a privately held San Diego firm that provides physics modeling to government agencies and private companies, a purchase that will augment Raytheon #39;s efforts in the defense and homeland security 
Communities prepare for ashfall Outside the Highway Junction Thrift Store, a thin film of gritty ash coated the bottom of a Mount St. Helens coffee mug. Price for the mug: \$5.
Australia prosper Indian leg-spinner Anil Kumble rea-ched 400 Test wickets on the first day of the first Test against Australia on Wednesday, though the mi-lestone failed to stop Simon Ka-tich and debutant Michael Clarke hitting fighting half-centuries.
Justin Smith apologizes for DUI arrest Defensive end Justin Smith apologized to Cincinnati Bengals teammates and fans Wednesday for his drunken driving arrest. With a Bengals cap on his head and coach Marvin Lewis at his side, Smith sat at a table 
Iran makes uranium breakthrough Iran has admitted processing several tonnes of raw  quot;yellowcake quot; uranium, a key stage in the development of weapons-grade nuclear material.
Cheney Slip Sends Surfers to Wrong Site (AP) AP - All he wanted were the facts. But Dick Cheney ended up generating confusion_ and lots of it.
Net Song-Swappers Face New Anti-Piracy Push (Reuters) Reuters - A new round of lawsuits aimed at\prolific Internet song-swappers could be announced as early as\Thursday as music officials meet in London to discuss the next\step in their global war on Internet piracy.
Winter Weather Outlook Mixed, El Nino Looms (Reuters) Reuters - Winter will be warmer than normal in\the U.S. Western and Plains states and colder than usual in the\Southeast and mid-Atlantic regions, but the return of El Nino\is making it hard for forecasters to hazard a guess for much of\the country, meteorologists said on Wednesday.
Study: Smuggling of Tiger Skins Rife and Growing (Reuters) Reuters - The illicit trade in tiger and leopard\skins has reached alarming proportions, posing a serious threat\to the survival of the big cats, a conservation group said\Wednesday.
Bald Eagles Rebound, Other Birds of Prey in Trouble (Reuters) Reuters - The bald eagle is out of the woods but\other birds of prey are in trouble.
Head Lice Provide Clue to Prehistoric Lives, Loves (Reuters) Reuters - A study of an ancient human pest --\head lice -- suggests that the ancestors of today's American\Indians may have met and fought with pre-humans long extinct\elsewhere, scientists said on Tuesday.
Blair: Iraq Report Shows Sanction Problems (AP) AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that a U.S. arms inspector's report on Iraq shows that Saddam Hussein was "doing his best" to get around United Nations' sanctions.
Hong Kong Swears in New Legislature (AP) AP - New Hong Kong lawmakers were sworn in Wednesday, and one of their newest members  #151; a longtime activist  #151; shattered the solemnity by shouting pro-democracy slogans as he joined the system he has spent years protesting.
Edwards Blasts Bush on Iraq, the Economy (AP) AP - Sen. John Edwards, answering President Bush's blistering criticism of Democrat John Kerry, contended Wednesday that the Republican was "completely out of touch with reality" about the Iraq war and the economy.
Karzai pledges new government style In a BBC interactive forum, Afghan interim President Hamid Karzai pledges a new form of inclusive government if elected.
Tiger Woods Marries Swede Model in Barbados SANDY LANE BEACH, Barbados - Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$1.5 million.    Oprah Winfrey and former NBA stars Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley were among more than 120 guests seen by an Associated Press reporter perched on a hill overlooking the club house of the Sandy Lane resort and golf course, which went to extraordinary lengths to shield the ceremony from journalists...
Aide: Gaza Plan Aims to Block Statehood JERUSALEM - A top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was quoted as saying Wednesday that Israel's planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is intended to block Palestinian statehood indefinitely and claimed the policy had U.S. backing...
Car Bomb Kills 12 Iraqis Near Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide car bomber plowed into an Iraqi military checkpoint northwest of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing at least 12 Iraqis and wounding about 25, as U.S. and Iraqi forces sealed off roads south of the capital in a campaign to curb the insurgency before January's national elections...
Conway: 'Genghis Khan' comparison was fair Larry Ellison even compares himself to the warlord, according to PeopleSoft's former CEO, defending previous remarks he made.
Oracle e-mails urge scare tactics Internal e-mail messages show Oracle aimed its takeover bid in part to sow doubt about PeopleSoft, CNET News.com has learned.
Briefly: Microsoft ships Virtual PC 7 roundup Plus: SGI warns of lower revenue, deeper loss...SAP taps search technology...Appeals court to rehear e-mail snoop case.
Microsoft ships Virtual PC 7 The emulation software works with Apple computers that use the G5 processor.
SGI warns: lower revenue, deeper loss The high-end computer maker says revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2005 will be lower than previously projected.
EU takes US to WTO over subsidies granted to Boeing The European Union (EU) on Wednesday said that it has decided to take the first legal steps against the US over its subsidies to Boeing.
US, EU move to WTO over subsidies to Airbus and Boeing NEW YORK, October 6 (newratings.com) - The US and European Union (EU) have filed counter-complaints with the World Trade Organization (WTO), alleging that government aids to the aircraft companies, Airbus and Boeing (BA.
Board Defeats Bid to Unionize Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Canada Corp. declared victory Wednesday in its defense against unionization at a store in British Columbia. The Canadian branch of the world #39;s largest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Simms Will Make First Pro Start for Bucs (AP) AP - Chris Simms will make his first pro start at quarterback for the winless Tampa Bay Buccaneers this week, replacing Brad Johnson.
Bernie:  #39;I am not the guilty one #39; In the ongoing Silverstone-dispute, Bernie Ecclestone says Sir Jackie Stewart and the British Racing Drivers #39; Club is to blame for Silverstone #39;s axing, not him.
End Zone: Bucs Highlights Safety John Lynch, now with the Broncos after 11 seasons with the Bucs, got a standing ovation when he was introduced. Rookie Micheal Clayton caught four passes, including a 51-yard TD reception that sparked the Bucs.
Palestinians won #39;t bring anti-Israel draft to General Assembly The Palestinians have decided not to bring a draft resolution condemning Israel #39;s military operation in the northern Gaza 
FIFA Fines Italy, Netherlands, France (AP) AP - Soccer's governing body Wednesday fined Italy, the Netherlands and France for being too lenient with doping offenders.
Snyder Just Can't Win Now that Joe Gibbs looks like less than an immediate savior, Dan Snyder has to be wondering what went wrong and what to do now.
Regulator Says Fannie Mae Execs May Need to Go  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae's regulator told Congress  on Wednesday his office was considering seeking management  changes at the mortgage finance company after finding pervasive  accounting irregularities.
Is Google Page Rank Still Important? Is Google Page Rank Still Important?\\Since 1998 when Sergey Brin and Larry Page developed the Google search engine, it has relied (and continues to rely) on the Page Rank Algorithm. Googles reasoning behind this is, the higher the number of inbould links pointing to a website, the more valuable that ...
US, EU Spar Over Airbus, Boeing Aid The United States and the European Union faced off on Wednesday over billions of dollars in subsidies for top aircraft manufacturers Airbus and Boeing, by filing competing cases at the World Trade Organization.
 #39;Howard Stern Show #39; To Air  Uncensored  On Satellite Radio &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Howard Stern #39;s risqu radio rhetoric will be broadcast to listeners across the country - uncensored -ia satellite radio beginning in January 2006.
Update 4: Ex-Fannie Mae Accountant Admits Concerns The former Fannie Mae accountant who raised questions about the mortgage giant #39;s accounting said Wednesday that he had taken his concerns directly to chief executive Franklin Raines and asked him to investigate.
Gazza reveals frustration The former England midfielder spent two months as a player-coach with the League Two side but left to embark on a Football Association coaching course.
Computer Associates To Acquire Security Company Netegrity Computer Associates has signed an agreement to purchase Netegrity, a provider of security software, in a deal valued at approximately \$430 million.
Russia #39;s Yukos oil giant still faces tax woes MOSCOW : Russia #39;s justice ministry said that Yukos had paid three-quarters of its 2000 tax bill but still had billions more in outstanding debts that analysts said would require sales of its assets.
Cal eager to prove itself -- again Berkeley is a philosophy class with John Searle, an economics seminar with George Akerlof or a protest march led by students with Noam Chomsky readers tucked in their hemp backpack.
NBA star excited about fatherhood LeBron James became a father Tuesday and promised to be a better dad than the one he had.  quot;That #39;s my main goal, to try to be a better father than the one I had, quot; the second-year Cleveland Cavalier told the Akron Beacon Journal.
Karzai #39;s Running Mate Survives Attack KABUL, Afghanistan Oct. 6, 2004 - Campaigning for Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election ended with a burst of violence Wednesday as attackers set off a bomb in a failed effort to kill interim 
House Passes DNA Testing Bill (AP) AP - Rape victims and convicted felons would both have greater access to DNA testing under legislation the House passed Wednesday.
Oil Scales \$52 on Winter Fuel Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil's record-breaking rally lifted U.S.  crude beyond \$52 a barrel on Wednesday, fueled by the impact of  Hurricane Ivan on U.S. winter inventories.
Howard Stern Jumps to Satellite Radio  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Howard Stern, the ribald radio host  who has become a poster boy for bad behavior on U.S. airwaves,  will jump to Sirius Satellite Radio &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIRI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIRI.O&lt;/A&gt; in January 2006,  freeing him from the grips of regulators and giving the nascent  satellite radio sector a big boost.
Stocks Near Flat as Oil Tops \$52  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks barely moved above the  unchanged mark on Wednesday as crude oil prices touched a  record over \$52 per barrel, boosting oil stocks.
Unions-Alitalia OK Deal, Turnaround Plan  ROME (Reuters) - Clearing the way for a make-or-break  restructuring, unions at Italian airline Alitalia &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZPIa.MI target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZPIa.MI&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday agreed to unemployment packages for around 3,700  employees which would be largely paid for by the state.
In "Shark Tale" and Real Seas, Life Is Hard In the animated movie &lt;i&gt;Shark Tale,&lt;/i&gt; a tiny cleaner fish dreams of climbing the social ladder on a reef terrorized by sharks. The story may not be that far-fetched.
Bee Decline May Spell End of Some Fruits, Vegetables Bees, via pollination, are responsible for 15 to 30 percent of the U.S. food supply. But in the last 50 years the domesticated honeybee population has halved, scientists say.
Ex-Accountant for Fannie Mae Admits Concerns Roger Barnes, who left Fannie Mae last November, said today that he had taken his concerns directly to Franklin Raines, the company's chief executive.
Chiron Sneezes, Investors Catch Cold British authorities shut down the pharmaceutical's only U.S. flu vaccine manufacturing facility.
UPDATE 2-United to cut US flights, focus on international United Airlines said on Wednesday it would reduce US flights and increase capacity on more lucrative international routes as part of its aggressive cost-cutting campaign to emerge from bankruptcy.
Alberta economy leading other provinces as Canada to lead G7 in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Led by oil-rich Alberta and the other western provinces, Canada #39;s economy is forecast to grow by 3.1 per cent this year and 3.6 per cent in 2005, Royal Bank says in its latest economic forecast.
IBM announces new  #39;self-healing #39; WebSphere The first major release of IBM WebSphere in two years offers self-healing capabilities to provide failover for business transactions conducted via the Internet.
Sox #39;s hopes pinned on Martinez CBC SPORTS ONLINE - A nervous Red Sox Nation, desperate for a World Series title, will be keenly focused on pitcher Pedro Martinez on Wednesday.
Soccer: Neville confident of keeping tabs on Giggs MANCHESTER, England : If practice really does make perfect, Gary Neville should have no problem keeping tabs on Manchester United team-mate Ryan Giggs when England take on Wales in their World Cup qualifier on Saturday.
FIFA join fight against player burnout FIFA is set to impose a three-and-a-half-week break for players ahead of the next World Cup finals in 2006 as it attempts to come to terms with the issue of  quot;player burnout.
New Aibo is a dancing fool Latest incarnation of Sony's robot hound is a four-legged MP3 player. It'll also fetch pictures while you're away.
Powell pledges help for Grenada The US secretary of state tours hurricane-hit Grenada and pledges millions of dollars in aid.
Packer QBs: Favre Probable; Pederson Out  GREEN BAY, Wis. (Sports Network) - Green Bay Packers  quarterback Brett Favre is listed as probable for Monday's game  against Tennessee after the three-time MVP missed most of the  second half of last week's game because of a concussion.
Davenport Powers Past Molik, Dementieva Falls  FILDERSTADT, Germany (Reuters) - Lindsay Davenport powered  past Australian Alicia Molik 6-1, 6-0 in her opening match at  the Filderstadt Grand Prix Wednesday.
Bush Follows Debate With Attack on Kerry CLEVELAND - President Bush offered a sharp if familiar critique of his rivals on Wednesday, picking up where Dick Cheney left off in the vice presidential debate while defending the war in Iraq and their economic policies. Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards responded by calling the president "completely out of touch with reality."   Bush assailed Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry as he usually does in campaign appearances, accusing the Massachusetts senator of wavering in his support of the war on terrorism, favoring scores of tax increases, and sending mixed signals to allies and enemies...
U.S. Report Finds No Evidence of Iraq WMD WASHINGTON - Contradicting the main argument for a war that has cost more than 1,000 American lives, the top U.S. arms inspector reported Wednesday that he found no evidence that Iraq produced any weapons of mass destruction after 1991...
Fannie Mae Execs, Regulator Square Off  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae executives and their  regulator squared off on Wednesday, with executives denying any  accounting irregularity and the regulator saying the housing  finance company's management may need to go.
Colombia Eyes Banks in Drug Money Hunt  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia will require banks  and money changers to report all international transfers of  more than \$200 starting next year to help combat drug money  laundering and "narco terrorists" and control the strength of  the peso.
8-Year-Old Basic Law May Be Outdated Already Lawmakers are talking about rewriting the eight-year-old landmark law governing the nation's telephone, cable and media businesses.
RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux Digital media company signs up a new Linux partner to distribute its audio and video player.
Oil soars to new record over \$US52 LONDON: Oil #39;s record-breaking rally has taken US crude over \$US52 a barrel, fuelled by the impact of Hurricane Ivan on US winter inventories.
Boeing-Airbus dispute revives spectre of previous WTO dogfight The United States and European Union locked themselves Wednesday into a battle at the World Trade Organisation over Boeing and Airbus, reviving memories of a seven-year dispute between Brazil and Canada that also involved aircraft makers.
ALITALIA: YES TO PROVISION AGREEMENT, CTWU DOES NOT SIGN (AGI) - Rome, Oct. 6 - The agreement on the provisions for more than 3 thousand workers, which closes the Alitalia dispute, was reached during the night at the Prime Minister #39;s Office after a marathon no-stop.
Removing Fannie and Freddie government perks Mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae receive special government perks that yield few benefits for society at large, but create significant potential social costs, according to a new report by the Cato Institute.
Computer Associates to buy Netegrity Computer Associates in Islandia, NY, said Wednesday it has agreed to acquire Netegrity Inc., in Waltham, Mass. Netegrity is a provider of enterprise security software for managing user identities and access.
House, Senate Agree to Cut Taxes, End Export Break (Update1) US House and Senate negotiators agreed to replace a \$50 billion tax break for US exporters ruled illegal by the World Trade Organization with a \$76.
Russia Reportedly Collects Most of Yukos 2000 Tax Bill Russian officials are reported to have collected most of the tax debt that the troubled oil firm Yukos owes for the year 2000. A Justice Ministry official was quoted Wednesday as saying bailiffs have collected \$2.
EADS buys Racal Instruments for \$105M EADS North America has bought Racal Instruments Inc., a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electronic tests and measurement equipment based in Irvine, for \$105 million.
Extinct Giant Deer Survived Ice Age, Study Says Now a new study, published tomorrow in the science journal Nature, suggests that another striking mammal, the Irish elk, likewise lived way beyond the last ice age.
Can Skype Cash In On Free? NEW YORK - Skype Technologies made a name for itself providing a free Internet telephone program to users around the world. Now it #39;s time to cash in.
Microsoft debuts Windows CE based MSN TV2 STB Microsoft #39;s MSN TV division has revealed details of its  quot;MSN TV 2 Internet  amp; Media Player, quot; the broadband-oriented successor to its earlier modem-interfaced WebTV Internet receiver.
Sony drops Copy-Control The message against illegally copying CDs for uses such as in file-sharing over the Internet has widely sunk in, said the company in it #39;s recent announcement to drop the Copy-Control program.
Microsoft to Muscle Deeper into VOIP? While Microsoft #39;s Live Communications Server (LCS) is first and foremost an enterprise instant-messaging server, Microsoft is expected to position its 2005 version as its entre into the telephony market.
Stewart holds out hope for British GP Jackie Stewart believes there #39;s still hope that the British Grand Prix can be included on next year #39;s Formula One schedule.
Cavaliers #39; LeBron James becomes a father LeBron James had a good reason for missing practice Wednesday. He became a father. The Cavaliers star guard and his longtime girlfriend, a 19-year-old Akron woman, had a baby boy Wednesday.
Giants to keep Christie despite misses Despite missing all three field goal attempts last week, veteran Steve Christie apparently is going to remain the Giants place-kicker this week against Dallas.
To prevent more dirty words, NASCAR needs to clean up its post &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It #39;s not often that the lead item in the blog is NASCAR-related, but we try to be versatile. So let #39;s talk about Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Nothing taken in suspected burglary Police said Wednesday a woman who lives at the home found the intruder Sept. 27 and called police. A police dog tried to track the intruder but the person got away.
Straw  #39;ready to listen to #39; Bigley captors The government is ready to listen to a message from the kidnappers of Kenneth Bigley but will not enter into negotiations with them, the foreign secretary, Jack Straw, said today.
Afghan elections - hoping for the best On the verge of historic presidential elections in Afghanistan, everybody is braced for the worst. Yet, on the last day of campaigning Wednesday, the threats from the Taliban 
Thai leader replaces 2 Cabinet officials BANGKOK, Thailand -- Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra replaced his agriculture and defense ministers in a Cabinet reshuffle Wednesday, apparently because they failed to resolve Thailand #39;s bird flu crisis and continuing violence in the country #39;s Muslim 
United looks to realign its system Officials at the nation #39;s No. 2 air carrier, United Airlines, say their are rapidly moving ahead with restructuring their system, which includes building their hubs while cutting back on other domestic service.
IBM Overhauls WebSphere App Server IBM Wednesday introduced a significant overhaul to its WebSphere J2EE application server, with new support for standards-based messaging protocols, better management features and enhancements to improve availability of applications, according to an IBM 
AMD Gives Details on Dual-Core Opteron Advanced Micro Devices has given out more details on its fortcoming dual-core microprocessor chip. The Opteron-based design is said to be 30-55 percent faster than AMD #39;s single-core chips, but it will fit in existing server designs.
Nokia, Land Rover Create Phone System for SUVs The Personal Telephone Integration package works with Land Rover vehicles #39; audio system to provide users access to mobile phone functions such as viewing and selecting phone book entries, initiating 
Novell Releases Updated SuSE Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company unveils SuSE Linux Professional 9.2, which features wireless networking support, at LinuxWorld Expo in London, and says it will deliver its desktop Linux software by the end of the year. Also, HP's head of Linux says advances in security and high-performance computing are pushing Linux into new realms.
SAP the Loser in PeopleSoft Maneuvers (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - While all eyes are focused on PeopleSoft's (Nasdaq: PSFT) firing of Craig Conway, the ground may be shifting under other enterprise-software vendors. The recently announced PeopleSoft-IBM partnership will spell bad news for SAP (NYSE: SAP), the Yankee Group predicts.
WebSphere Gets Makeover from IBM (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has launched a major upgrade of its WebSphere flagship middleware\product, adding autonomic troubleshooting capabilities and other new\features designed to improve performance in the application-server\platform.
Report: Other Drugs May Raise Heart Risks (AP) AP - Scientists and European regulators are now questioning the safety of other pain relievers like Vioxx, saying these medications also might raise the risk of heart attack and stroke.
Fannie Mae Execs, Regulator Square Off (Reuters) Reuters - Fannie Mae executives and their\regulator squared off on Wednesday, with executives denying any\accounting irregularity and the regulator saying the housing\finance company's management may need to go.
Colombia Eyes Banks in Drug Money Hunt (Reuters) Reuters - Colombia will require banks\and money changers to report all international transfers of\more than  #36;200 starting next year to help combat drug money\laundering and "narco terrorists" and control the strength of\the peso.
Making Cents (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - I am a shareholder in many small companies who has benefited tremendously from the class action process, notwithstanding abuses of the system described in "Dirty Money" (Sept. 20, p. 150). Despite Sarbanes-Oxley, managers of small companies continue to commit securities fraud, sell company assets to themselves below market prices, issue themselves below-market options and take companies private at ridiculous valuations. The class action process allows small shareholders to fight for their rights, aggregate their claims and be heard. New York, N.Y.
Stocks End Up as Oil Hits Record Over \$52  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced on Wednesday as  record crude oil prices above \$52 a barrel boosted energy  stocks like Exxon Mobil Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Conway Admits 'Vilifying' Oracle Bid The former chief executive of PeopleSoft admitted today that he responded to a hostile takeover bid from Oracle with a campaign of "vilification."
Lone Star Stays Strong The steakhouse operator posts a 23 rise in net income, despite high beef costs.
Innovation and Disruption Still Going Hand in Hand The technology-driven dislocation that has transformed one typesetter's business is spreading throughout the economy.
HP thinks big about small businesses Computer giant Hewlett-Packard wants to make it easier to sell to small and medium-size companies.
In court, Ellison gets 'Genghis Khan' hearing PeopleSoft's former chief says he called Larry Ellison "every name in the book," but Ellison himself invoked the Mongol leader.
Oil Prices Rise Toward \$52 a Barrel, Set Another Record High Oil prices hit record highs again Wednesday, amid continuing concerns about the supply of crude oil. In New York, crude oil for future delivery hit an all-time high of \$51.
PeopleSoft Warming To Oracle #39;s Offer? What Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has longed to hear from PeopleSoft behind closed doors instead floated to the surface in a Delaware courthouse.
McDonald #39;s Taps Pop #39;s Destiny #39;s Child for Campaign McDonald #39;s Corp. on Wednesday named female pop trio Destiny #39;s Child as the new face of its  quot;I #39;m Lovin #39; It quot; marketing campaign in a bid to expand its appeal among children and, importantly, their moms.
News Corp. Poised to Change Constitution News Corp. said Wednesday it may change its constitution to appease Australian investors still undecided about its proposed move to the United States.
Foreign investment welcome in banking: PM Mumbai, Oct. 6 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, today said the foreign direct and portfolio investments are welcome in various sectors of the economy, including the banking sector.
IBM Focuses On A Better WebSphere App Server IBM on Wednesday unveiled the next major upgrade of its WebSphere application server, which focuses on better performance and ease of use, instead of dramatically new functionality.
John, Paul, George, Ringo...and Steve? Steven P. Jobs loves the Beatles. He plays the Liverpool quartet #39;s songs at Apple expositions, and the CEO of Apple Computer (AAPL ) has even compared his own management team to the Fab Four.
Early T. Rex relative had feathers LONDON - The earliest known relative of the mighty Tyrannosaurus rex had primitive feathers, probably to help it keep warm. Researchers at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing found the remains of the 
Music industry ditches hardcore copyright for  #39;free love #39; tunes Stranglehold copyright could be going the way of the dinosaur, it seems, with both the big names and independent organisations moving towards a more open copyright structure.
Davenport eases into Filderstadt quarters World number 2 Lindsay Davenport has set herself the target of taking over top spot from France #39;s Amelie Mauresmo, less than 200 points ahead in the WTA rankings, by the turn of the year and showed no mercy against Molik to reach the last eight.
Rugby: No All Blacks in IRB player of year list New Zealand names were absent from the list of five nominees for the International Rugby Board #39;s player of the year announced on Wednesday.
Aussie debutant, India #39;s smiling assassin shine on first day BANGALORE: Anil Kumble hardly shows his emotions on the field. The day offered an exception. Kumble allowed himself the luxury of an extravagant display of his jubilation.
Houston at Atlanta 4:00 pm EDT National League Division Series &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATLANTA (Ticker) -- Roger Clemens and the Houston Astros hope to buck a couple of trends when they face the Atlanta Braves in the opener of their National League Division Series.
Cubs pay penalty for making repairs at Wrigley Field without city &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO The Chicago Cubs have forked over more than 67-hundred dollars in penalties for renovating Wrigley Field without the necessary city permits.
Opposition blasts  #39;obviously inferior #39; subs OTTAWA - As HCMS Chicoutimi #39;s 57 crew members continued to brave inclement North Atlantic weather aboard a powerless, damaged submarine, the search began in Ottawa for someone to blame over Canada #39;s latest embarrassing naval mishap.
Kim Polese returns as head of SpikeSource SAN FRANCISCO - Kim Polese, the woman who coined the term "Java," has found a new job. At the Web 2.0 conference hereThursday, she will unveil a startup called SpikeSource that will provide enterprise support services for open-source software.
Trying to Reach Customers in an Era of E-Mail Suspicion Internet executives and analysts are closely tracking the rise of identity theft over the Internet.
The Yank Caught In Yukos #39; Nightmare By a curious twist of fate, the job of rescuing Russian oil giant Yukos has fallen to an American who arrived in Moscow just over a year ago -- and who still needs a translator #39;s help.
India #39;s Kumble claims 400th test scalp against Aussies BANGALORE: India #39;s Anil Kumble became the third spin bowler to take 400 wickets on the opening day of the first cricket test against Australia last night.
Iran readies uranium for enrichment, UN watching TEHRAN (Agencies) -- Iran began processing uranium just more than a week ago to prepare it for enrichment, a diplomat said on Wednesday.
Open-source IP Telephony slashes costs &lt;strong&gt;LinuxWorld:&lt;/strong&gt; Linux guru predicts 'next big thing'
British Ship Reaches Stranded Canadian Submarine (Reuters) Reuters - A British Royal Navy frigate reached a\crippled Canadian submarine on Wednesday and put a doctor on\board the vessel, which was left drifting in heavy seas off the\Irish coast after its engines were knocked out by a serious\fire, officials said.
Pew File-Sharing Survey Gives a Voice to Artists A survey by the Pew Internet and American Life Project provides the first large-scale snapshot of what artists think about the Internet and file-sharing.
Cheney Echoes Bush's Criticism of Kerry (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Wednesday echoed President Bush's latest sharp challenge of Sen. John Kerry's fitness to serve as commander in chief as the Republican No. 2 basked in approval from GOP supporters cheered by his debate performance.
Guinea-Bissau Soldiers Stage Mutiny Over Pay  BISSAU (Reuters) - Hundreds of mutinous soldiers demanding  pay for peacekeeping duty abroad seized key buildings in the  capital of Guinea-Bissau on Wednesday and patrolled the  potholed streets in trucks with mounted machineguns.
Woods Marries Swedish Model in Barbados SANDY LANE BEACH, Barbados - Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$1.5 million.    Oprah Winfrey and former NBA stars Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley were among more than 120 guests seen by an Associated Press reporter perched on a hill overlooking the club house of the Sandy Lane resort and golf course, which went to extraordinary lengths to shield the ceremony from journalists...
Progress Is Made in Resolving Antitrust Issues The software industry enters 2005 with several antitrust issues behind it, a result of a handful of court decisions and out-of-court settlements this year.
Google launches Amazon-style book search business FRANKFURT: Google Inc has quietly launched a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by online retailer Amazon.
Update 1: Knight Trading Expects Operating Loss Knight Trading Group Inc., a leading stock dealer, Wednesday said it expects to report an operating loss for the third quarter due to  quot;persistent lackluster market conditions quot; in its core businesses.
Yum Brands: Chinese Takeout Yum Brands (YUM) reported third-quarter earnings Tuesday that beat Wall Street expectations by a penny. The fast-food mogul also upped its full-year profit forecast by two cents, citing robust results from its KFC chain in China.
Google steals a page from Amazon #39;s book search Google Inc. has quietly introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
Media Centre on the march THE arrival of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Centre on October 13 will be not so much a launch as a co-ordinated assault. A brigade of vendors, including Hewlett-Packard, Toshiba, Acer, Creative Labs, iRiver 
Antepo further secures Enterprise IM This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. OPN System 4.5, the latest version 
Reds' Vander Wal Becomes Free Agent (AP) AP - Pinch-hitter John Vander Wal chose free agency Wednesday instead of a demotion off the Reds' 40-man roster.
Tiger Woods Gets Married World number three golfer Tiger Woods of the United States and his new Swedish bride Elin Nordegren have come ashore in Barbados after spending their wedding night aboard a yacht following an elaborate wedding at a private club.
Utah Expansion Team Taps Ellinger As Coach (AP) AP - John Ellinger, the U.S. under-17 national team coach for the past seven years, was hired Wednesday as the coach of Major League Soccer's expansion team in Utah.
Turkey gets conditional OK for EU talks In a historic move that could extend Europe #39;s borders to the edge of the volatile Middle East, the European Union recommended Wednesday setting mostly Muslim Turkey 
Iraqi head paints dark picture for assembly BAGHDAD, Iraq -- In his first speech before the interim national assembly, Prime Minister Ayad Allawi on Tuesday gave a sobering account of the threat posed by the insurgency, saying Iraq #39;s instability is a  quot;source of worry for many people quot; and that the 
Rosie Jones Ready to Defend LPGA Title (AP) AP - Rosie Jones has the perfect plan to ease into retirement  #151; a second straight victory in this tournament.
FIFA Fines Italy, Netherlands, France Soccer's governing body Wednesday fined Italy, the Netherlands and France for being too lenient with doping offenders.
Cavaliers' LeBron James Becomes a Father LeBron James had a good reason for missing practice Wednesday. He became a father.
Genentech Quarterly Profit Up (Reuters) Reuters - Genentech Inc.  on Wednesday\said third-quarter earnings rose 50 percent, spurred by growth\in new colon cancer treatment Avastin and strong sales of its\older drugs, and raised its full-year profit forecast.
Exit Blog, Enter Legg A high-profile departure and a higher-profile purchase mean nothing ever gets boring at Google.
BBC wants help developing open source video codec &lt;strong&gt;LinuxWorld&lt;/strong&gt; Dirac attack
Beijing Loves the Web Until the Web Talks Back China's government has strategically deployed the Internet to economic advantage, while clamping down on undesirable content and use.
Yum! Tastes Good I have seen the three-headed monster Yum! Brands (NYSE: YUM) likes to call its  quot;multibrand strategy. quot; By grouping together Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, and KFC restaurants in one location, Yum!
Consumers to See Notices on Check Changes In the next few weeks, consumers will start receiving notices from banks and other financial institutions about changes to their checking accounts.
Search Wars: Google, Snap, Amazon Arm for Battle The Google book-search move may contain the most intrigue, both because of the company #39;s place at the top of the search hierarchy and because it appears to be targeting the core business of 
Take 2: Microsoft tries interactive TV, again Microsoft yesterday took the wraps off a new set-top box aimed at tying together the living room, the PC, and the company #39;s MSN network and content.
Exit Blog, Enter Legg Now that hundreds of Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) employees hit the jackpot following the company #39;s initial public offering and subsequent run-up in share price, what #39;s to keep them from coming to work and plugging away with the same vigor as before the millions 
Dementieva latest upset victim at Filderstadt; Davenport wins Two-time major finalist Elena Dementieva joined the parade of seeded players upset at the Porsche Grand Prix, losing 6-0, 7-5 to American qualifier Lisa Raymond on Wednesday.
Tackle signs six-year extension, team makes other moves Left tackle Matt Light signed a six-year contract extension with the Patriots that will keep him in New England through 2010, giving him and the quarterback he protects long-term security.
Yankee Group Weighs In On Conway Firing The research firm says the new CEO, PeopleSoft founder Dave Duffield, could rally the forces. By Laurie Sullivan. There #39;s plenty of speculation about PeopleSoft Inc.
Crude closes above \$52 Crude futures have surged above 52 dollars a barrel, reaching a new high in New York. Traders were reacting to a strike threat by Nigerian oil workers and to word that petroleum output in 
Senate fate uncertain amid tobacco buyout dispute WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- House and Senate lawmakers reached a deal Wednesday on a massive corporate tax bill that would repeal a portion of the tax code that has spurred mounting retaliatory sanctions by the European Union.
Eight former Peregrine Systems execs indicted OCTOBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Eight former executives of asset management and service management vendor Peregrine Systems Inc.
Google Tests Book Search The new search tool from Google matches queries with the content inside a book. If there is a match, Google will show links to that particular book in the search-results page.
AmerisourceBergen Cites Lowers Outlook Drug-distributor AmerisourceBergen Corp., following in a rival #39;s footsteps, warned that lower-than-expected increases in drug prices will hit earnings for the quarter and fiscal year ended Sept.
IBM updates WebSphere Application Server software OCTOBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM today unveiled a new version of its WebSphere Application Server software, which is designed to protect applications from server downtime and boost enterprise efforts to build a service-oriented architecture (SOA).
Iced Java? Java as we have known it could be in for a chill thanks to a ruling by a federal jury in upstate New York that says the programming language infringes on several patents Kodak acquired from Wang Laboratories.
Scottie Pippen promised not to return In a game against the Knicks in the 1994 NBA Eastern Conference semifinals, Scottie Pippen refused to take the floor with 1.8 seconds remaining after Phil Jackson designed a potential game-winning play for Toni Kukoc rather than Pippen.
Barber #39;s reinvention helps lift Giants (Oct. 6, 2004) -- The New York Giants easily qualify as one of the biggest surprise teams of the first quarter of the NFL season. And Tiki Barber easily qualifies as one of their biggest surprise players.
Shining Light: New England inks tackle to extension Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - The New England Patriots Wednesday signed left tackle Matt Light to a six-year contract extension. As per team policy, financial terms were not released.
Brazil #39;s Mantle of Leadership In case anyone was really worried, Secretary of State Colin Powell offered this reassurance during a trip to Brazil this week: The giant of South America has no intent to build nuclear weapons.
Blair says Iraq report shows sanctions weren #39;t working LONDON British Prime Minister Tony Blair says it #39;s just more proof that Saddam Hussein was trying to pull a fast one on the United Nations.
Researcher Pulls His Name From Paper on Prayer and Fertility A prominent researcher at Columbia University has pulled his name from a controversial study of prayer's effect on fertility, the university says.
Google Offers New Book-Search Feature (AP) AP - Online search leader Google Inc. is becoming more bookish.
Qwest adds to VOIP service (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Qwest Communications on Wednesday announced a continued expansion of its VoIP service portfolio with IP Centrex Prime, an IP-enabled interface that helps enterprise business customers with multiple locations and mobile workforces migrate from traditional PBX connections to VoIP.
Predicting an Eruption Involves Guesswork (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens' convulsions over the past week have demonstrated all too clearly that the inner workings of a seething volcano, hidden under miles of rock, remain one of nature's stubborn secrets.
Genentech Posts Sharply Higher 3Q Profit Biotechnology firm Genentech Inc. said Wednesday that its third-quarter profit topped Wall Street expectations on a sharp rise in drug sales, and raised its yearly forecast to meet current targets.
Four former El Paso natural gas traders charged HOUSTON - Four former El Paso Corp. natural gas traders have been charged with making false reports used to calculate the index price of natural gas, US Attorney Michael Shelby said Wednesday.
Foreign investment welcome in banking: PM MUMBAI, OCTOBER 6 : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday said the foreign direct and portfolio investments were welcome in various sectors of economy, including the banking sector.
Novell Unwraps SUSE Linux 9.2 Right on schedule, Novell (Quote, Chart) today announced the November availability of SUSE Linux 9.2 Professional. The SUSE Linux Professional product line is on a six-month release cycle.
Danger of Mount St. Helens Eruption Passes MOUNT ST. HELENS, Wash. Oct. 6, 2004 - Government scientists said Wednesday that the danger of a strong Mount St. Helens eruption at any moment has passed, but warned the mountain could continue venting steam and volcanic rock for several weeks.
AT amp;T Considering Mac OS X, Linux AT amp;T #39;s chief information officer Hossein Eslambolchi has set up a team to assess Windows operating system alternatives and will make a final decision by 2006.
Lessons from a quake that came 16 years late Most earthquakes make history for the damage they inflict. But last week #39;s quake at Parkfield, Calif., is likely to be remembered for insights that could improve earthquake-hazard assessments, quake-resistant 
Smaller, Cuter Isn #39;t Always Better NEW YORK - Now that digital music players have evolved beyond the ability to store 20 gigabytes worth of music, storage capacity memory is no longer the only factor to consider before buying.
Water for Tiger, cash on Shaq We read where Tiger Woods not only hasn #39;t broken up with Swedish bombshell Elin Nordegren but that he is ready to marry her any day now in Barbados.
Davenport rolls; Dementieva ousted in Filderstadt Filderstadt, Germany (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Lindsay Davenport easily won her second-round match on Wednesday, but last week #39;s Hasselt champion Elena Dementieva was among the first-round losers at the \$650,000 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix.
Els climb could be first of several changes in 2005 Ernie Els isnt sure that being No. 2 in the World Golf rankings is much different just because the player at No. 1 has changed.
D #39;Arcy, Heaslip in running for world Gordon D #39;Arcy and Jamie Heaslip have both been short-listed for the IRB World Players of the Year awards at London #39;s Royal Lancaster Hotel on November 28.
Clarke on track for debut ton Test debutant Michael Clarke has made a big impression as Australia heads into day two of the first cricket Test against India. Australia will resume on 5 for 316 at Chinnaswamy stadium in Bangalore.
Hamas Fires Rockets, Gaza Attack Goes On (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinians in Gaza fired two more\makeshift rockets at Israel on Wednesday and Israeli Prime\Minister Ariel Sharon ordered his army to press on with a\week-old offensive that has killed 75 Palestinians.
Three injured Canadian submariners airlifted to Ireland (AFP) AFP - Three of the nine Canadian sailors injured when their newly-delivered, British-built submarine caught fire in the North Atlantic were airlifted Wednesday to hospital in northwest Ireland, officials said.
UN nuclear chief: patience wearing thin over lack of progress on North Korea (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - The international community is losing patience over the slow-moving six-way talks on North Korea's nuclear weapons program, and the UN Security Council should act on the matter, the UN nuclear chief said Wednesday.
Catholics Resist Wooing by Kerry and Bush (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry is having trouble wooing fellow Roman Catholics in Iowa and Wisconsin. President Bush is short of his expected Catholic count in Michigan and Minnesota. Once reliably Democratic, Catholics have become one of the most complicated and coveted swing voting blocs.
DNA Crime Bill Passed in House (Reuters) Reuters - A bill to expand the use of DNA\testing to protect the innocent and detect the guilty easily\passed the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday, but the\outlook remained uncertain in the Senate.
African Force for Darfur Not Yet Ready (AP) AP - The United Nations and the United States expressed concern that it could take until early next year to deploy a 4,000-strong African Union force to Sudan's conflict-ridden Darfur region and called for much speedier action.
Emissions pact goes forward But the tougher work of cutting greenhouse gases under the Kyoto Protocol remains.
Israel takes U-turn on road map Gaza withdrawal is part of Israel's effort to thwart Palestinian statehood, a Sharon adviser says.
Party tries to put 'Tory' back into victory At Britain's Conservative Party's conference this week, leaders planned how to regain power.
Broad Study Suggests a Lower Tolerance for Exposure to Benzene The first study of a large group of workers breathing air with very low levels of benzene suggests that the chemical may harm the bone marrow.
U.S. Report Finds No Evidence of Iraq WMD WASHINGTON - Contradicting the main argument for a war that has cost more than 1,000 American lives, the top U.S. arms inspector said Wednesday he found no evidence that Iraq produced any weapons of mass destruction after 1991...
Stocks Turn Higher As Oil Hits Record High NEW YORK - Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally Wednesday to finish higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies. Volume was relatively light as investors awaited the government's jobs creation report at the end of the week...
Colombia Eyes Banks in Drug Money Hunt &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Hugh Bronstein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia will require banksand money changers to report all international transfers ofmore than \$200 starting next year to help combat drug moneylaundering and "narco terrorists" and control the strength ofthe peso.&lt;/p&gt;
Start-up looks to help firms hang out their e-shingles Demandware service designed to help midsize firms open shop online as fast as with a hosted service, but with more customization.
Novell spiffs up its desktop Linux software Software maker has its eye on consumers who might be ready to make the switch from Windows.
Will Quicksilver shine for BEA? Despite internal tumult, the firm is forging ahead with an upgrade its flagship server software.
Changes May Be Needed in Superfund, Chief Says Changes in the program may be necessary to continue cleanups as more contaminated sites demand attention and federal resources remain flat.
Patriots streak toward new record By Erik Spanberg  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor. On Sunday in Foxboro, Mass., the New England Patriots will battle for their 19th straight win, a streak spanning much of last season and the first three games of 2004.
USF-Pittsburgh Rescheduled for Dec. 4 (AP) AP - South Florida and Pittsburgh have rescheduled their hurricane-delayed game for Dec. 4.
Eight former Peregrine Systems execs indicted Eight former officials of Peregrine Systems Inc. have been indicted by a federal grand jury for what prosecutors say was a massive conspiracy to commit a multibillion-dollar securities fraud over three years.
IBM updates WebSphere Application Server software IBM has announced Version 6 of its WebSphere Application Server software, which is designed to protect applications from server downtime and aid enterprise efforts to build a service-oriented architecture.
New Trojan program squashes adware Downloader.Lunii, a new Trojan horse program that attacks and removes troublesome advertising software, also modifies the configuration of Windows machines and attempts to download files from a remote location, according to Symantec Corp.
Homeland Security agency faulted for terrorist watch list woes Three years after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, the Department of Homeland Security still isn't doing enough to consolidate terrorist watch lists to help law enforcement authorities monitor and apprehend known terrorists, according to a new government report.
CA to acquire Netegrity for \$430M The acquisition will allow CA to consolidate its position in the market for user authentication, access control and administration products, CEO Kenneth Cron said this morning.
Ballmer strikes big rivals from Microsoft shopping list Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said the company isn't interested in buying PeopleSoft, Oracle or SAP, but he wouldn't rule out smaller deals.
Google lays out lofty plans for Search Appliance A Google executive said yesterday that the search tool could at some point be extended to tap enterprise databases, desktop PCs, content management systems and CRM applications.
TXU outsourcer to cut 200 Jobs Capgemini Energy, the services entity formed in July when it won a 10-year, \$3.5 billion deal to manage back-office operations for TXU, plans to eliminate 200 to 230 former TXU positions.
Tools wrap: Web services, e-commerce, XML touted New products to build Web services with Eclipse, e-commerce apps with Amazon's technology, and more.
Qwest adds to VOIP service Qwest Communications on Wednesday announced a continued expansion of its VoIP service portfolio with IP Centrex Prime, an IP-enabled interface that helps enterprise business customers with multiple locations and mobile workforces migrate from traditional PBX connections to VoIP.
A Matter of Trust (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - There is more to corporate performance than what you see in the earnings reports. Could an investor have anticipated the trouble at companies like Enron, Adelphia, WorldCom and Tyco by looking more closely at how they were governed and how they kept their books? Their problems, to be sure, are far more visible in hindsight, but nonetheless each left telltale signs that all was not well. Robust reported earnings growth at both Enron and WorldCom was not supported by hard cash. The Adelphia board was stacked with company insiders who turned a blind eye to self-dealing by company executives. ...
Genentech Posts 50 Percent Rise in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Genentech Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DNA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DNA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  posted a 50 percent rise in quarterly profit and raised its  full-year earnings forecast on strong sales of its new colon  cancer drug, sending its shares higher in after-hours trading.
The Search Engine Report - Number 95 Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recap of top search engine stories from September and early October 2004.
Interior Official and Federal Biologists Clash on Danger to Bird The issue of political overseers modifying information from federal scientists that conflicts with policy goals has arisen periodically in recent years.
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Take a Hit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices took a hit  on Wednesday as lackluster interest in new five-year notes left  investors skittish just two days before the crucial September  jobs report.
Clush Offers Option for Meaning-Based Search Clush Offers Option for Meaning-Based Search\\It's sorta clustering, but it looks more to me like the old "concept" or meaning-based searches for the late 90s, ala Oingo and Simpli. The engine is called Clush and the location is http://www.clush.com .\\What color there is on the front page is red, ruining ...
Oil Hits \$51 a Barrel in Hurricane #39;s Wake Oil prices held firm around \$51 per barrel on Wednesday, hovering near record highs amid the sluggish recovery in US Gulf oil production and an anticipated decline in key winter fuel stocks, dealers said.
After the Bell-Magma sinks, Starbucks off and Hot Topic jumps Shares of software maker Magma Design Automation (LAVA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) slid over 10 percent in after-hours trade after warning that second-quarter orders would fall short of expectations.
McDonald #39;s taps Destiny #39;s Child Company names female pop trio new face of marketing campaign to expand appeal among kids, moms. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald #39;s Corp.
Former El Paso traders to enter guilty plea Reuters reported on Wednesday that four former El Paso Corp. natural gas traders will plead guilty to criminal charges for reporting bogus trade prices to an industry publication.
Stocks Turn Higher As Oil Hits Record High Stocks clung to a modest advance Wednesday despite a new record high for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies as investors awaited the government #39;s jobs creation report at the end of the week.
Furcal available for postseason Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal #39;s legal woes will not affect his availability for the postseason. State Court Judge David Darden ruled on Wednesday morning that Furcal will 
Karzai Campaigns Amid Spiraling Violence GHAZNI, Afghanistan, 6 October 2004 - Wartime security was rolled out for Afghanistans interim President Hamid Karzai as he addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital yesterday amid spiraling violence.
Life after Howard Loss of marquee name and ad slowdown show big hurdles face Infinity and other radio broadcasters. By Krysten Crawford, CNN/Money staff writer.
DOJ, SEC charge Ex-Peregrine execs over accounting Eight former executives of software company Peregrine Systems Inc. face criminal charges involving what US prosecutors Wednesday called a multi-billion dollar securities fraud.
Bioscrypt shares soar on hopes for new ID product Shares of Bioscrypt Inc. (BYT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped 18 percent on Wednesday after it said it had teamed up with IBM (IBM.
Soros rejigs business, more power to sons George Soros, billionaire financier, is handing more control of his money management firm to two of his sons as he scales back the focus of his investment firm.
On-Demand Video Game Services Vary (AP) AP - Internet downloads are nothing new when it comes to buying music and software online. So why does video game shopping still mostly involve either shlepping to a store or waiting for the delivery truck after you order online?
Firm Develops All-Purpose Memory Cards (AP) AP - A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
IBM Upgrades WebSphere Middleware Product IBM has issued an upgrade of its WebSphere middleware product, adding autonomic troubleshooting capabilities that autmatically detects system problems and recovers Web-based business transactions that would take days to fix manually.
Sony to Release PC with TV Tuners, Huge Hard Drive Sony said yesterday that it has built a desktop computer with 1 TB of data storage and seven analog television tuners. The PC will be able to record a week #39;s worth of programming on six channels at the same time.
Satire Sequel Parodies U.S. Newsmakers (AP) AP - From the creators of the political satire sensation "This Land" comes a sequel set to the tune of "Dixie."
England to field full-strength team against Canada in rugby Test &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - After losing four straight - and five of the last six - world rugby champion England is in a snarly mood. The English have dropped to third in the world rankings.
The Turkish Question Yesterday, in one of its boldest moves, the European Commission agreed to begin talks on admitting Turkey to the EU. But fears run deep of a country of 70 million straddling Europe and Asia.
Iran Improving Missile Range TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran said Wednesday that it would keep improving its missile capability after announcing that the latest version of its medium-range Shahab-3 could now hit targets up to 2,000 kilometers away.
Robertson Stevens Settles Timing Case (AP) AP - RS Investment Management agreed to pay  #36;30 million to settled allegations it allowed "excessive" market timing in its mutual funds, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Wednesday.
Fannie Mae Execs, Regulator Square Off  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae executives and their  regulator squared off on Wednesday, with executives denying any  accounting irregularity and the regulator saying the housing  finance company's management may have to go.
Howard Stern moving to satellite NEW YORK In a deal estimated to be worth \$100 million a year for five years, Howard Stern, one of the most popular personalities in American radio, said Wednesday he had signed a contract with Sirius Satellite Radio and would leave his longtime job at 
Funds in Brief: San Francisco firm pays \$30 million in settlement RS Investments, a \$6.7 billion money manager based in San Francisco, said Wednesday it had settled US and state allegations of improper trading by agreeing to pay \$30 million in fines and reduced management fees.
Trade Squabble Between Boeing and Airbus Heads for WTO A trade fight is heating up between the United States and Europe over commercial aircraft sales. Wednesday, Washington filed a complaint with the World Trade Organization alleging that EU countries unfairly 
Delta taps Ogilvy for ad campaign Delta Air Lines Inc. has hired New York-based Ogilvy  amp; Mather Worldwide and their media agency partner, Group M/MindShare, to develop a strategic brand campaign for the struggling airline.
Evolution, as told by the louse NEW YORK A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
Mount St Helens throws up ash The Mount St Helens volcano in the US state of Washington has erupted its largest steam and ash cloud since its resurgence in activity last month.
Google #39;s challenge is to keep its wealthy workers SAN FRANCISCO - As Google nears the end of its first quarter as a public company, industry watchers say one of its emerging challenges is how to keep soon-to-be wealthy workers from cashing out and moving on.
Gazza Ready for Managerial Rollercoaster Paul Gascoigne finds himself out of work today but with an abundance of focus and drive as he prepares for a career in management.
Rugby: Captain Jonny spells out England ambitions LONDON : Committed, thorough and excited - three of the qualities Jonny Wilkinson said he wanted to see in the England team he takes charge of for three Tests next month.
Brown to start Game 3 for Yankees Kevin Brown was picked over Orlando Hernandez to start for the New York Yankees in Friday #39;s Game 3 of their first-round AL playoff series against Minnesota.
Sun unveils UltraSparc IV It will be Sun's first chip to be built with a 90-nanometer process technology and it will have a higher clock speed and larger and more flexible memory caches than the current generation of UltraSparc IV processors.
Google Steals a Page from Amazon's Book Search Users will see book excerpts alongside ordinary Google Web page search results.
Is XP's Fix Safe? Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are putting off installing Microsoft's big security patch anyway.
News in Brief Coming soon: the first sub-\$1000 color laser MFP, a Wi-Fi card for handhelds, a small external TV-tuner box for PCs, and new long-lasting printer inks.
Three Minutes With Craig Newmark The Craig behind Craigslist speaks about his Web community's popularity and touches on the site's future.
US and EU escalate Boeing-Airbus battle PARIS The battle between Boeing and Airbus escalated Wednesday when the United States and Europe filed competing unfair trade cases over government aid to the world #39;s two largest aircraft manufacturers.
Freedom Of Speech On Satellite Radio LOS ANGELES - Howard Stern #39;s move to Sirius Satellite Radio will unlock the one key regulatory advantage possessed by the satellite radio industry: Stern can finally say exactly what he wants on the air.
Update 6: Robertson Stevens Settles Timing Case RS Investment Management agreed to pay \$30 million to settled allegations it allowed  quot;excessive quot; market timing in its mutual funds, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Wednesday.
US stocks advance on oil jump In NEW YORK, US stocks advanced on Wednesday as record crude oil prices above \$52 a barrel boosted energy stocks like Exxon Mobil Corp.
Google gets last laugh In August, in the days leading up to the Google public offering, David Menlow was among those warning investors that they should steer clear of the stock, which the company had declared worth \$108 to \$135 a share.
Tiger Woods marries Swedish fiance in Barbados resort SANDY LANE BEACH, Barbados - Tiger Woods is back ashore in Barbados, with the Swedish model who is apparently his new wife. Witnesses say the golf star married Elin Nordegren in a spectacular sunset ceremony 
British Grand Prix still in jeopardy CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The British Grand Prix, one of Formula One #39;s most storied races, is close to running out of gas. The British GP has been staged annually for the past 54 years, but is in jeopardy of being 
Malik, Youhana guide Pakistan home KARACHI, Oct. 6. - Yousuf Youhana notched his 10th one-day hundred and Shoaib Malik scored an equally impressive unbeaten 86 today to guide Pakistan to an eight-wicket win against Sri Lanka and into the triangular series final.
Gaza Enters 7th Day of Bloodshed GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Three Palestinian gunmen killed a Thai guest worker on Wednesday after infiltrating a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip before being shot dead in an attack claimed by Hamas as retaliation for a massive Israeli offensive.
US Congress agrees huge tax bill A corporate tax bill offering huge tax breaks to US manufacturers in return for removing export subsidies is approved by Congress.
Bush Hits Kerry in Debate Rebound Bid WASHINGTON - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home...
Stocks Turn Higher As Oil Hits Record High NEW YORK - Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally Wednesday, finishing higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies. Volume was relatively light as investors awaited the government's jobs creation report at the end of the week...
Stern to Join Sirius Satellite Radio NEW YORK - Howard Stern has long had two words for the Federal Communications Commission - and in 15 months, he can finally utter them on the air. The self-proclaimed "King of All Media," perhaps the most influential radio voice of the last 20 years, is shifting his salacious act to satellite radio and freeing himself from the increasingly harsh glare of federal regulators...
Intel puts its weight behind Symbian Intel is building a Symbian-based mobile phone, based on Nokia #39;s Series 60 user interface. The company has not announced a delivery date, but a reference platform should arrive sometime in 2005, intended to 
Astros Lead Braves 7-1 Midway Through 5 ATLANTA - The Houston Astros got a break when illness prevented Roger Clemens from pitching as scheduled in the team's NL wild-card berth clincher. Because Clemens missed Sunday's game, the Rocket started against the Atlanta Braves in the NL division series opener Wednesday...
SpaceShipOne Wins X Prize By Reaching Space a Second Time A private rocket ship shot into space on Monday morning and won a coveted \$10 million aviation prize for its creators. SpaceShipOne, the sleek combination of rocket and glider designed by 
Google offers book search service Google is launching a new service to make books and other printed materials searchable online, the Internet search engine company said Wednesday.
Kodak Java Suit Moves To Penalty Phase Kodak #39;s claim that Sun #39;s use of Java violates three patents it holds could cast a cloud over Java #39;s future direction. By Charles Babcock.
Step carefully in the memento minefield When Robert Hudson stepped off a flight from Banjul in Gambia and was stopped by customs officers in the  quot;Nothing to Declare quot; channel at Gatwick airport, they found three baboon skulls, four 
Is XP #39;s Fix Safe? Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are putting off installing Microsoft #39;s big security patch anyway.
Sony, Matsushita to launch Blu-ray disc camcorders in 2005 TOKYO - Proponents of the Blu-ray disc standard for next-generation DVD players plan to release camcorders that will record on smaller versions of the discs as early as 2005, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported Thursday.
Three Minutes With Craig Newmark The Craig behind Craigslist speaks about his Web community #39;s popularity and touches on the site #39;s future. Craig Newmark, 51, is founder and caretaker of Craigslist, a Web site where nearly 6 million unique 
Fifteen problems Robinson has to tackle to make England great &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A year after their finest triumph, the world champions #39; new coach has plenty to sort out to restore their dominance. By Chris Hewett.
Suzuki into Japan Open quarterfinals TOKYO - Takao Suzuki kept Japanese hopes alive in the men #39;s draw at the Japan Open on Wednesday after producing a hard-fought win over 15th-seeded Czech Jan Hernych to reach the third round of the \$860,000 event for the fourth year running.
Arsenal still trail in shirt value Arsenal, who are taking on debts of 360 million to build a stadium that will help them match Manchester United, will be still be earning less than United from shirt sponsorship 
Woods must adapt swing says Singh World No. 1 Vijay Singh believes Tiger Woods is paying a heavy price for failing to adapt his swing to the changes in his body.  quot;I think his body and his swing do not match like 
Australia in control after Clarke makes daring debut An engrossing opening day, played on a pitch as slow as a bank queue, ended in favour of an Australian side rescued from its own excesses by an intrepid partnership between a 
Phelps targets six golds Michael Phelps will bid to repeat his feat of six Olympic gold medals when he competes in the Fina swimming short course world championships.
Saddam  #39;destroyed #39; WMD after 1991 The group hunting for Saddam #39;s arsenal said it found no evidence the dictator had chemical, biological of nuclear weapons when US-led forces invaded Iraq last year.
A River That Follows Two Paths The Lower Delaware, site of a recent oil spill, seems as if it has been mistakenly stuck at the end of the pristine Upper Delaware.
Private venture flies into history Judging by the thousands of spectators who made the trek to Mojave to watch SpaceShipOne fly early Monday morning, a lot of people are still interested in space flight.
El Paso gas traders have date with judge today Three or four former El Paso natural gas traders who had been told they #39;re targets of a criminal investgation are expected to make an appearance before a US magistrate judge at 2 pm today.
Spaceports compete in race for business Even before the dust had settled from the \$10 million Ansari X Prize for private spaceflight, the sand was being kicked up for another, potentially more lucrative space race: the 
Google Print: Google #39;s Answer to A9.com? Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin have unveiled Google Print, a tech service that will let users view book excerpts in the standard Google Web-page search results.
Save the trees, save the apes, expert says A UN meeting on endangered species could help secure the survival one of humanity #39;s closest living relatives, the orang-utan, by saving its forest home from loggers, a leading expert said on Tuesday.
John, Paul, George, Ringo...and Steve? A close reading of the California filing, which is similar to the British one, reveals an extremely complex case -- one that a London judge has already criticized for a lack of clarity.
HP unveils inkjet and laser printers (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - At TechXNY this week, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
Alltel Seeks Shop To Help Battle The Big Boys (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - The business is growing, and the numbers are strong. So why is wireless-telecommunications provider Alltel talking to shops after just 18 months with Omnicom Group's DDB in Chicago?
Netline Refreshes Linux Groupware (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The German company prepares to release its third version of Open-Xchange Server, which it open-sourced under the GPL in August. A supported product will be available at a price.
IRB Awards nominees named AUSTRALIA #39;S Matt Giteau is one of five players vying for this year #39;s IRB Player of the Year award. The nominees for all categories of this year #39;s IRB Awards have been named, with the winners to be announced 
BRDC says no to more cash for FOM The British Racing Drivers #39; Club has refused to increased its bid for the British Grand Prix and the ping-pong game of who gets the blame for the demise of the event with the latest statement having lobbed the blame back into Bernie Ecclestone #39;s side of 
Cardinals activate Bryant TEMPE, Ariz. -- The Arizona Cardinals activated defensive tackle Wendell Bryant off the suspended list Wednesday. The move, which had been expected, followed a four-game suspension for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy.
Is XP's Fix Safe? (PC World) PC World - Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are\  putting off installing Microsoft's big security patch anyway.
Turkey defines EC recommendation as historic Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gulon Wednesday defined the recommendation of the European Commission(EC) to open negotiations with Turkey as a historic step 
Iran Says it has Converted Some  #39;Yellowcake #39; Uranium Iran says it has converted several tons of raw uranium - also known as  quot;yellowcake quot; - into a gas that can be used in making enriched uranium.
UK #39;s Blair Says Weapons Report Shows Iraq Breached UN Rules UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said a US report on Iraqi arms programs shows Saddam Hussein was working to acquire banned weapons in breach of United Nations resolutions, justifying the 2003 war to depose him.
Aristide supporters threaten continued violence in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE - UN peacekeepers and Haitian police have arrested dozens of enraged supporters of ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
U.S., EU Spar Over Airbus, Boeing Aid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and the European  Union took their fight over billions of dollars in subsidies  for Airbus and Boeing to the World Trade Organization on  Wednesday.
House, Senate Agree on Corporate Tax Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate and House of  Representatives negotiators agreed on Wednesday on a huge  corporate tax bill that will repeal export subsidies that  violate global trade rules and give manufacturers a new tax  break.
Nothing fishy about sweet smell of Nobel success Scientists nab prize for work on sense of smell just days after a spoof "Ig Nobel" recognizes breakthroughs in fish flatulence.
Carriers, handset makers vie for interface control A Macromedia executive says wireless carriers are demanding specific menus, buttons and functions. Could Flash be the answer?
Sprint thinks print with Fujifilm partnership Carrier looks to goose wireless data business by letting subscribers print photos at various retailers, directly from their camera phones.
HP unveils inkjet and laser printers At TechXNY this week, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
Spat over Airbus, Boeing Escalates to WTO Description: The United States and the European Union take their fight over corporate subsidies to the World Trade Organization. An initial US complaint targeted EU subsidies to aircraft manufacturer Airbus.
CA to buy Netegrity for \$430 million Computer Associates Wednesday announced that it plans to buy identity and access management software maker Netegrity of Waltham, Mass.
Blair makes quick visit to Sudan KHARTOUM - British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Sudan Wednesday after securing promises from Khartoum to heed a list of demands to alleviate what he said was the  quot;terrible quot; situation in the war-torn region of Darfur.
Guinea-Bissau #39;s army chief of staff killed in military revolt Guinea-Bissau #39;s army chief of staff and former interim president, General Verissimo Correia Seabra, was killed Wednesday during unrest by mutinous soldiers in the former Portuguese 
Murch Using Final Cut Pro HD for  #147;Jarhead #148; For Hollywood Reporter, Sheigh Crabtree writes that Oscar-winning editor Walter Murch  #147;will reteam his key editing crew from  #145;Cold Mountain #146; and again use Apple #146;s Final Cut Pro system, but in high definition #148; for the editing of Universal Pictures #146; upcoming Gulf War drama  #147;Jarhead. #148; Oct 06
Taiwan Says U.S. Ties to Suffer if Arms Deal Fails (Reuters) Reuters - Taiwan's Foreign Minister warned\lawmakers on Wednesday that ties with Washington would be hurt\if parliament failed to approve an  #36;18 billion budget to buy\advanced U.S. weapons.
Bush Hits Kerry in Debate Rebound Bid (AP) AP - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home. The administration is "out of touch with reality" Democratic running mate John Edwards countered in a campaign growing more caustic by the day.
White House: Patients Save With Medicare (AP) AP - The Bush administration said Wednesday that extra money it is paying Medicare managed care plans is leading to lower costs and better services for patients.
Cheney-Edwards Debate Draws 43.6 Million Viewers (Reuters) Reuters - Nearly 44 million Americans tuned\in to see Vice President Dick Cheney square off against Sen.\John Edwards in the most watched debate between nominees for\the No. 2 spot on the presidential ticket since 1992, ratings\showed on Wednesday.
House Passes DNA Testing Bill (AP) AP - Rape victims and convicted felons would have greater access to DNA testing under legislation the House passed Wednesday.
With Cold Winter Ahead, Higher Fuel Costs (AP) AP - Residential heating costs are projected to soar this winter to more than  #36;1,000 on average because of higher fuel costs and expected colder weather, the government said Wednesday.
UN Challenges Israel on UNRWA Terror Link Claims  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Israel is holding 25 U.N.  employees in the Palestinian West Bank or Gaza but has not  charged any with a crime or even told the United Nations of  their detention, U.N. officials said on Wednesday.
U.S. Court Dismisses Suit Against Zimbabwe Rulers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Wednesday  threw out a human rights abuse lawsuit filed against Zimbabwe's  ruling political party because it had not been properly  notified of the case.
Report: Other Drugs May Raise Heart Risks The safety of Celebrex and other pain relievers was questioned Wednesday as scientists in the United States and regulatory agencies in Europe said they feared such drugs might raise the same risk of heart problems as those blamed on the arthritis medicine Vioxx.    One key researcher charged the U.S...
Saddam Told Interrogators of Iran Fixation WASHINGTON - Saddam Hussein was obsessed with his status in the Arab world, dreaming of weapons of mass destruction to pump up his prestige. And even as the United States fixated on him, he was fixated on his neighboring enemy, Iran...
Astros Lead Braves 8-3 After 8 Innings ATLANTA - Recovering from a stomach illness, Roger Clemens battled through seven innings as the Houston Astros faced the Atlanta Braves in the NL division series opener Wednesday.    Clemens (18-4) got into trouble early with walks, racking up six and loading the bases twice in three innings...
Corporate tax deal moves ahead - The compromise package, known as a conference report, resolves differences between House and Senate versions of the legislation, must now pass both chambers.
Wall Street shrugs off new oil record, swings higher NEW YORK : A late rally lifted US stocks Wednesday after a sluggish start, as investors brushed off a new record high crude oil price above 52 dollars and bet on improving economic data.
Judge: Bryant Accuser Must Be Identified (AP) AP - A federal judge on Wednesday rejected a request from the woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape to remain anonymous in her civil lawsuit against the NBA star, saying the public's interest in open court proceedings outweighs her desire to shield her identity.
Injuries, Inexperience Plaguing Niners (AP) AP - Only a truly dismal defensive effort could distract a coach from an offense that went seven quarters without a score in the last two games.
Forgotten man of DNA dies at 88 Scientists yesterday mourned Maurice Wilkins, sometimes called the forgotten man of DNA, who died in hospital on Tuesday aged 88. Wilkins, a professor at King #39;s College London, shared the 1962 Nobel prize 
IBM Debuts Upgraded WebSphere App Server Placing greater emphasis on availability than in any previous release of its software, IBM (Quote, Chart) released detailed enhancements to its core WebSphere Application Server (WAS).
Dinosaur #39;s fluffy coat of feathers This conclusion comes from US and Chinese scientists who today announce the discovery of a 130m-year-old forerunner of the lumbering Cretaceous predator.
Andreessen: IE faces one-two punch com October 6, 2004, 3:40 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Six-Time NBA Champion Calls It Quits After 17 Seasons  quot;I don #39;t really have any regrets. I think I learned a lot from a lot of experiences that I dealt with over my career. There #39;s nothing for me to look back and regret.
NASCAR hands out 12 more penalties A day after hitting Dale Earnhardt Jr. with a \$10,000 fine and the loss of 25 points for cursing during a postrace TV interview, NASCAR handed down 12 more penalties for rule violations at Talladega Superspeedway.
USC turns halftime into a science Halftime lockerrooms are sacrosanct. Only the privileged few are allowed entry. Theyre like the situation room at the White House, only with tighter security.
Arazi Upsets Schuettler in Lyon Open (AP) AP - Hicham Arazi of Morocco upset defending champion and second-seeded Rainer Schuettler 6-4, 1-6, 6-3 Wednesday in the first round of the  #36;980,000 Lyon Open.
Seaman dies after sub blaze A CANADIAN seaman aboard the submarine HMCS Chicoutimi has died one day after being injured when the vessel caught fire, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin announced today.
Sudan accepts Blair #39;s five-point peace plan Sudan bowed to a five-point plan tabled by Tony Blair during talks in Khartoum yesterday, which included accepting the free movement of 3,500 African Union troops as ceasefire monitors in Darfur province.
Woods Marries Swedish Model in Barbados Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$1.5 million.
Astros Take Game 1 Roger Clemens wins his ninth postseason game and Houston sets a team playoff record with four home runs in a 9-3 win over the Atlanta Braves in Game 1 of their NL playoff series.
PeopleSoft's future hard to predict The tea leaves on Oracle's takeover plans for PeopleSoft have never been harder to read than they are right now.
Jones #39; big day was in the cards Kevin Jones decided to stop rushing things a few weeks ago, and it helped him turn in the second-best rushing performance for a Lions rookie running back.
Japan Stocks Expected to Rise  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares are expected to open  higher on Thursday, encouraged by solid gains in U.S. stocks  even as crude oil prices touched a record at over \$52 per  barrel.
Conference committee accepts sales tax deductibility WASHINGTON -- A provision that would allow residents of seven states, including Washington, to deduct sales taxes on their federal tax returns made it out of conference committee Wednesday and moved to the House and Senate.
Singh tells Tiger to get back in swing SINCE only the late Sam Snead won more golf tournaments after he turned 40 - the American won 17 times while the Fijian has already claimed 11 victories in 16 months since he reached the same age - its fair to speculate Vijay Singh knows more about how 
Indians #39; Hafner has elbow surgery CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Cleveland Indians first baseman Travis Hafner had successful surgery on his right elbow. Hafner, 27, underwent the procedure, performed Wednesday by Dr.
Suicide bomb kills 16 at guard centre Iraq #39;s insurgency spread to a relatively calm area near the Syrian border yesterday when a suicide car bomber killed at least 16 people at an Iraqi National Guard centre.
Honeywell sues Apple, 33 others over LCD patent (MacCentral) MacCentral - Honeywell on Wednesday announced that it has filed suit against Apple and 33 other companies for alleged patent infringement over a technology that "increases the brightness of images and that reduces the appearance of certain interference effects on a liquid crystal display (LCD)," according to a statement released today.
Venture Firms Warm Up To Open Source, But Questions Remain (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - When Matrix Partners gave  #36;10 million to open-source software maker JBoss Group last February, some wondered whether the venture capital investors had lost their minds.
Report: Other Drugs May Raise Heart Risks (AP) AP - The safety of Celebrex and other pain relievers was questioned Wednesday as scientists in the United States and regulatory agencies in Europe said they feared such drugs might raise the same risk of heart problems as those blamed on the arthritis medicine Vioxx.
America and EU declare trade war on airline aid A bitter row between America and the European Union over alleged subsidies to rival aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus intensified yesterday.
New Smartphone Triumvirate The epic rivalry between Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) and Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) is legendary. The original point of debate centered on which company was more integral to making PCs.
Tobacco regulation deleted from corporate tax bill WASHINGTON - A major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a nasty trade dispute with Europe won approval Wednesday from congressional negotiators after House Republicans beat back efforts to increase regulation of tobacco.
French FM holds talks with Kadhafi to pave way for Chirac visit to Libya (AFP) AFP - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier left Tripoli overnight following talks with Moamer Kadhafi to pave the way for a visit here by French President Jacques Chirac, in another sign of the rapid reintegration of former pariah state Libya into the international fold.
U.S. Report Finds No Evidence of Iraq WMD (AP) AP - Contradicting the main argument for a war that has cost more than 1,000 American lives, the top U.S. arms inspector said Wednesday he found no evidence that Iraq produced any weapons of mass destruction after 1991. He also concluded that Saddam Hussein's capabilities to develop such weapon had dimmed  #151; not grown  #151; during a dozen years of sanctions before last year's U.S. invasion.
Google goes up against Amazon with book search facility LONDON - With little fanfare Google has launched a new book search service at the Frankfurt Book Fair, which will allow surfers to find book extracts displayed alongside their normal searches.
Interview with Chris Schlaeger from Novell/SUSE At aKademy I had the chance to talk to Chris Schlaeger about SUSE, its relationship with the KDE community, his view of the Linux enterprise desktop and the speed of development of several key features in KDE (a Dutch translation can be found at Bart amp;David 
 #39;Dragon #39; Tyrannosaurus found in China PARIS: A team led by the world #39;s most successful fossil hunter said that they have found the remains of a feathery dragon-like forerunner of the mighty Tyrannosaurus rex at a dinosaur graveyard in northeastern China.
Red-hot Oswalt gets nod in Game 2 How many teams can save a 20-game winner for Game 2 of a playoff series? One. And with Roy Oswalt set for a postseason start four years in the making, the Houston Astros are feeling pretty good.
RUSSIAN WOE IN FILDERSTADT Fifth seed Elena Dementieva and seventh seed Nadia Petrova were both beaten in the first round at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix on Wednesday.
Cardinals activate defensive tackle from suspended list The move followed a four-game suspension of Bryant for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy. He was arrested on a drunken-driving charge in Madison, Wis.
Bryant #39;s Accuser Must Be Identified DENVER - A federal judge in Colorado has rejected a request from the woman accusing NBA star Kobe Bryant of rape to remain anonymous in her civil lawsuit.
Jimmie Johnson cries foul In the high-pressure atmosphere of the Chase for the Championship, any issue that arises will get more than its share of scrutiny from drivers, fans and media.
Two die in bid to assassinate Karzai's running mate in Afghan polls (AFP) AFP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai's running mate survived an assassination attempt when a bomb killed two people in a convoy carrying him to an election rally, a government official said.
Unruly Guinea-Bissau troops return to barracks, two officers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BISSAU : Heavily-armed Guinea Bissau troops took to the streets of the capital of the former Portuguese colony, killing two officers, in a protest to demand payment for their tours of duty as UN peacekeepers.
Asem forum to promote co-operation between continents HANOI: Eight years after its inception, the Asia-Europe Meeting (Asem) is moving towards becoming a strong platform for promoting more tangible co-operation between the two continents.
Monday Rewind: What we learned in Week 13 Well, somebody didn #39;t show up. I couldn #39;t believe it. The Packers weren #39;t ready to play the Eagles. How did that happen?
Amnesty urges Aceh inquiry Amnesty calls on Indonesia's president-elect Yudhoyono to investigate human rights abuses in Aceh province.
Australia parties hunt green vote Australian Prime Minister John Howard has promised to preserve Tasmania's forests while keeping loggers in work.
Great Observatories May Unravel 400-Year-Old Supernova Mystery Four hundred years ago, sky watchers, including the famous astronomer Johannes Kepler, best known as the discoverer of the laws of planetary motion, were startled by the sudden appearance of a "new star" in the western sky, rivaling the brilliance of the nearby planets.
NASA Approves Mission to Seek Nearest Stars, Brightest Galaxies Jet Propulsion Lab -- A new NASA mission will scan the entire sky in infrared light in search of nearby cool stars, planetary construction zones and the brightest galaxies in the universe.     Called the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, the mission has been approved to proceed into the preliminary design phase as the next in NASA's Medium-class Explorer program of lower cost, highly focused, rapid-development scientific spacecraft...
Drugs Other Than Vioxx May Raise Heart Risks Scientists in the United States and regulatory agencies in Europe on Wednesdsay questioned whether Celebrex and other pain relievers might raise the same risk of heart problems as those blamed on the arthritis medicine Vioxx.
Airbus hits back after US files complaint over European subsidies Airbus reacted forcefully Wednesday to a US complaint filed with the World Trade Organisation about European state aid for the European aircraft manufacturer, saying Washington #39;s move underscored rival Boeing #39;s dependence on  quot;WTO-incompatible subsidies quot;.
AstraZeneca in drive to slash costs Hostile environment prompts root and branch review. Exanta unlikely to win US approval in near future. By Stephen Foley. AstraZeneca, the UK #39;s number two pharmaceuticals company, has launched a  quot;root and branch 
Predicting a Volcanic Eruption Involves Guesswork Mount St. Helens' convulsions over the past week have demonstrated all too clearly that the inner workings of a seething volcano, hidden under miles of rock, remain one of nature's stubborn secrets.
Scientists Map the Cow Genome By H. JOSEF HEBERT    WASHINGTON (AP) -- For the first time, scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, providing researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products, the Agriculture Department announced Wednesday...
Modernization to Speed Check Clearing NEW YORK - High-tech changes in the banking industry will soon be affecting the most mundane of financial products, the checking account.    On Oct...
Clemens Perseveres, Astros Top Braves 9-3 (AP) AP - Roger Clemens and the powerful Houston lineup made sure the Astros got off to a good start in their quest to finally win a playoff series. While Clemens continually pitched out of trouble, Brad Ausmus, Lance Berkman, Carlos Beltran and Jason Lane homered for the Astros to lead a 9-3 rout of the Atlanta Braves in Game 1 of their NL division series Wednesday.
Google Print to challenge Amazon Google will make the first major business move since its August flotation today when it launches a new search tool that will help publishers to sell books.
Patriots: How perfect are they? When an NFL team opens with a prolonged winning streak, former Miami Dolphins coach Don Shula and his players from the 17-0 team of 1972 root unabashedly for the next opponent.
Kumble rules Oct. 6. - There are still 11 days left for Anil Kumbles 35th birthday, but the celebrations have already begun. A personal milestone is always important in cricket, but when you can do it at home, in 
Kobe Bryant Accuser's Name to Be Disclosed -Judge (Reuters) Reuters - The young woman who accused basketball\star Kobe Bryant of rape must disclose her identity in her\civil case against him, a federal judge ruled on Wednesday.
Clemens Helps Astros Take 1-0 Series Lead Over Braves  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens pitched seven innings  and Carlos Beltran homered, had three hits and scored three  runs to help the Houston Astros rout the Atlanta Braves 9-3 in  the opening game of their National League Divisional Series  Wednesday.
Rommedahl strike gives Charlton late 1-0 win Charlton beat London rival Crystal Palace 1-0 on Sunday with an injury time winner from substitute Dennis Rommedahl. The win was Charlton #39;s second away win of the season and lifted the club three places to 10th.
Different Team, Different Weaver In one year, Jeff Weaver has gone from being unwanted by the Yankees to being desperately needed by the Los Angeles Dodgers.
CA expects loss on restructuring, settlement charges Computer Associates said Wednesday that it met its sales forecast in the quarter ended Sept. 30 but will post a loss for the quarter as it absorbs restructuring charges and the \$225 million it agreed to pay shareholders in compensation for its accounting violations.
ClearSpeed races ahead on processor cores ClearSpeed Technology has doubled the performance of its high-performance computing co-processor for scientific workstations and server clusters by incorporating 96 separate processing cores on a single chip, the company announced Wednesday at the Fall Processor Forum in San Jose, California.
On-Demand Internet Video Game Services Vary Internet downloads are nothing new when it comes to buying music and software online. So why does video game shopping still mostly involve either shlepping to a store or waiting for the delivery truck after you order online?
New Sony PC Boasts 1,000 GB of Data Storage TOKYO (AP) -- Japan's Sony Corp. (SNE) will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage - enough to record six TV channels for a week straight - the company said...
Firm Invents All-Purpose Memory Cards By YURI KAGEYAMA    TOKYO (AP) -- A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.    Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., which makes Panasonic-brand products, said sample shipments will begin in December, with commercial shipments to follow by late next year...
Google Launches New Book-Search Feature By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Online search leader Google Inc. (GOOG) is becoming more bookish...
Dick Cheney Slip Sends Surfers to Wrong Site By EMILY FREDRIX    WASHINGTON (AP) -- All he wanted were the facts. But Dick Cheney ended up generating confusion- and lots of it...
Internet Satire Sequel Parodies U.S. Newsmakers By ANICK JESDANUN    NEW YORK (AP) -- From the creators of the political satire sensation "This Land" comes a sequel set to the tune of "Dixie."    The online animation "Good To Be in DC!" features the presidential and vice presidential candidates along with Attorney General John Ashcroft, CBS News anchor Dan Rather, filmmaker Michael Moore, talk show host Rush Limbaugh and Jane Fonda.    "In 'This Land,' you had basically (President) Bush and (John) Kerry," said Evan Spiridellis, who co-produced the cartoons with his brother, Gregg...
China Aviation Oil Says Still in Business The main supplier of jet fuel to China is continuing to do business despite a criminal investigation of its US\$550 million (euro414 million) in losses on derivative trading, the company said.
The dollar #39;s decline is not yet cause for alarm James K. Galbraith is a professor at the LBJ School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas at Austin and a senior scholar at the Levy Economics Institute in New York.
Goldcorp to buy Wheaton River Canada #39;s Goldcorp said Sunday it has reached an agreement in principal to buy Wheaton River Minerals in an all-stock deal valued at about \$2 billion.
Bells Still Ring For Red Kettles Of Kindness You can learn a lot about people in two hours. And you don #39;t have to take a course in social behavior or even watch Dr. Phil on TV.
PeopleSoft holds out for the money Spooked by souring market sentiment and months of internecine verbal jousting, PeopleSoft has adopted a conciliatory line to shareholders that it will not sell them short and is willing to wait until Oracle Corporation #39;s unsolicited offer hits the right 
Delta Hires International Marketing Firm Delta Air Lines Inc., struggling to avoid bankruptcy, has hired an international marketing firm to help reshape its image. Terms of the deal between Atlanta-based Delta and New York-based Ogilvy 
Researchers find new dinosaur with feathers The ancient family tree where all the world #39;s birds perch is getting bigger, odder and older, scientists announced Wednesday. In a report in Thursday #39;s issue of the journal Nature, paleontologists 
Editorial: Cooper got America going in space L. Gordon Cooper was the real deal. He and his six colleagues - known as the Mercury Seven - inaugurated an age and captivated a generation of Americans.
Idealab chief stakes out new direction in search Bill Gross, the driving force behind commercial search pioneer Overture Services, is once again swinging for the fences in Web search.
Rumours surround Google browser The net is buzzing with rumours that Google is working on a web browser. Online journals, or weblogs, have put together a series of developments which suggest that the search engine is developing new web tools.
Singh plans new regime to stay on top While Tiger Woods was getting married beside the waters of the Caribbean, beside the slightly chillier waters of the North Sea here the two best golfers in the world will be contesting the Dunhill Links Championship.
Swimming: Olympic star Phelps rocks swimming like  quot;Aqua Beatles quot; INDIANAPOLIS, United States : Michael Phelps has changed the sport of swimming with his stunning effort at the Athens Olympics. Now Phelps must learn how much fame has changed him as his journey begins to the 2008 Beijing Games.
Caborn in new talks to save grand prix The gloom over the threatened British grand prix started to lift yesterday when Sir Jackie Stewart confirmed that the minister for sport, Richard Caborn, is working with local authorities on ways of closing the gap between the fee demanded by Bernie 
England to lose Hill until Six Nations Richard Hill had an exploratory operation on his left knee last night amid fears that he may miss not just England #39;s friendly internationals next month but also the start of the Six Nations Championship.
Sailor dies after sub rescue One of three sailors injured in a fire that disabled a Canadian submarine off the coast of Ireland has died, Prime Minister Paul Martin said Wednesday.
News Analysis: But there #39;s still a long way to go BRUSSELS Turkey won a victory in Brussels on Wednesday, but it was only a victory of sorts. By recommending that negotiations could begin, the European Union lifted the gates to the vast, poor Muslim nation of 71 million people.
CHRONOLOGY-Key events in Afghanistan in recent years Afghanistan holds a presidential election on Saturday, the first time in its history that Afghans will directly choose a leader. Here is a chronology of the main events in Afghanistan 
US and Brazil Share Uneasy Relationship Description: Secretary of State Colin Powell tried to mend fences with Latin America #39;s biggest country at a time when Brazilian popular opinion is adamantly hostile to the United States on issues of trade and foreign policy.
Clorox Swaps \$2.1 Bln, Two Brands to Get Henkel Stake (Correct) Clorox Co., the largest US household- bleach maker, agreed to swap \$2.1 billion in cash, the Soft Scrub and Combat brands and a stake in a joint venture to buy back 61.
MLB: Houston 9, Atlanta 3 Lance Berkman and Carlos Beltran hit two-run homers Wednesday to propel Houston to a 9-3 win over Atlanta in the opener of their NL Division Series.
Utah expansion team selects under-17 coach Ellinger Utah #39;s Major League Soccer team hired former US Under-17 coach John Ellinger to coach the new team when it begins play next spring.
Canadian crewman dies after airlift from stranded submarine OTTAWA - An injured crewman who was airlifted from a stranded Canadian submarine off the Irish coast has died, Prime Minister Paul Martin told Parliament.
Bank customers #39; valuables thrown out Hong Kong #39;s reputation for financial security was dented yesterday after one of its banks accidentally put out clients #39; deposit boxes with the rubbish.
Security concerns put MSN Messenger beta on hold Microsoft has suspended the beta testing of the next version of its MSN Messenger client because of a potential security problem, a company spokeswoman said Wednesday.
Cisco CEO calls for education reform, broadband push The U.S. Congress needs to invest more in the U.S. education system and do more to encourage broadband adoption, the chief executive of Cisco said Wednesday.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Google opens a new chapter Google, the increasingly powerful internet search engine, could overhaul the way books are sold with a planned service that allows users to search full texts and buy titles online.
IBM Beefs Up WebSphere App Server Platform IBM Corp. Wednesday announced a new version of its WebSphere application server platform, citing enhancements such as high-availability, new capabilities for building service oriented architectures (SOA), and 
Flighty Side of T. Rex, a New Link To the growing evidence that some dinosaurs had feathers, add the family of tyrannosaurs, mighty predators in the age of reptiles.
NASA inspector indicted A former NASA quality inspector tasked with checking maintenance work on parts for the space shuttle Discovery will be arraigned Friday on federal charges that he failed to conduct 83  quot;critical quot; inspections in late 2002 and 2003, federal 
Fujitsu Siemens profit rose 60 in first half BERLIN Fujitsu Siemens Computers, the No.3 seller of PCs in Europe, said Wednesday that revenue and profit surged in the six months through September as sales to small businesses increased amid a revival in corporate technology spending.
PalmOne packs the most standard storage into latest Tungsten PalmOne will be adding a high-end handheld to its Tungsten line-up that will fashion a sleeker longer look, while offering double the storage maximum of current devices.
Andreessen: Microsoft to make IE more competitive The success of alternative browsers such as Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox may ultimately have an unexpected side effect, causing Microsoft to be more aggressive in leveraging its dominance of Internet client software, said Marc Andreessen, one of the 
Form, fitness and missing Savage bite make it tough for Wales CARDIFF: Form, fitness and Robbie Savage #39;s short fuse have all conspired against Wales in the build-up to their World Cup qualifier against England at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Kewell and Aloisi ruled out of opener Harry Kewell and fellow striker John Aloisi were ruled out of the Socceroos team for Saturday #39;s Confederations Cup qualifier against the Solomon Islands with leg injuries.
Improper words? Yet another obscenity controversy. After winning for the fifth time at Talladega, Ala., Sunday, NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said in an interview that his victory  quot;don #39;t mean s- right now.
Borgetti scores four as Mexico routs St. Vincent 7-0 in qualifying Jared Borgetti scored four goals and Jaime Lozano added two more Wednesday as Mexico dominated St. Vincent and the Grenadines 7-0 in the semifinal round of CONCACAF World Cup qualifying.
Boeing battle is Mandelson #39;s first test Peter Mandelson, the incoming EU trade commissioner, yesterday found himself at the centre of a transatlantic trade war over multi-billion dollar subsidies to Airbus and Boeing, the civil aircraft manufacturers.
Fannie Mae head defends its accounting to House panel The chairman of Fannie Mae, the government-backed mortgage lender, on Wednesday described accusations of accounting misdeeds at his company as without merit.
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks Open Higher, Dollar Up Tokyo stocks opened higher Thursday as investors welcomed Wall Street #39;s gains. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues was up 14.
Diabetes delay adds to AstraZeneca #39;s ills The UK #39;s second largest pharmaceutical company, AstraZeneca, yesterday admitted another setback in the development of some of its drugs, as it delayed the expected launch of diabetes treatment Galida for a year.
Row erupts as top Sharon aide says there will be no Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ariel Sharon #39;s chief aide caused a political storm yesterday by claiming that the real purpose of the Israeli prime minister #39;s  quot;disengagement plan quot; was to freeze the peace process and prevent the establishment of a Palestinian state, all with the blessing 
Dahlan: Gaza offensive won #39;t bring security to Israel Israel #39;s current offensive in the Gaza Strip will not bring it security but is part of an Israeli plan to destroy Gaza, former Palestinian security affairs minister Mohamed Dahlan said Wednesday.
Iran rejects IAEA nuclear demands, says ready for confrontation or &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEHRAN (AFP) - Iranian officials said they will not bow to international demands for Tehran to suspend its controversial uranium enrichment activities, saying they were ready for confrontation or negotiation.
Blair: Iraq Report Shows Sanction Problems LONDON Oct. 6, 2004 - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that a US arms inspector #39;s report on Iraq shows that Saddam Hussein was  quot;doing his best quot; to get around United Nations #39; sanctions.
Woods #39; lavish 1.5m wedding to model HE HAS always put his career first, listening to his fathers advice not to marry because a wife would only get in the way of his golf.
Iran prepares uranium for enrichment Iran has confirmed that it has begun processing uranium to prepare it for enrichment, reports Voice of America adding that it is  quot;a process that can be used to make nuclear weapons.
Microsoft Fixes Vexing XP SP2 Incompatibility Numerous applications, including some of Microsoft #39;s own, have encountered compatibility problems with Windows XP SP2 (Service Pack 2).
Former team-mates predict mixed fortunes for Gascoigne PAUL Gascoigne, who won 57 England caps, finds himself at yet another career crossroads following his resignation yesterday as player/coach of Boston United.
Proof that size isnt everything A quick glance down the list of clubs Paul Dickov has played for inexorably leads to one conclusion: the man is football #39;s eternal optimist.
8 more killed as US vetoes UN resolution against Gaza operation UNITED NATIONS: The United States on Tuesday vetoed the draft of an Arab-backed resolution at the UN Security Council, which would have called on Israel to end its military operation in the Gaza Strip.
Israelis, American Win Nobel for Chemistry (AP) AP - Two Israelis and an American won the Nobel Prize in chemistry Wednesday for showing how cells can give a "kiss of death" to destroy unwanted proteins, a finding that could help scientists find new medicines for cancer and other diseases. The award marks the first time an Israeli has won a Nobel science prize.
Jailed Ex-Enron Exec: Merrill Deal Bogus (Reuters) Reuters - A former Enron executive currently\serving a prison term testified in the first Enron criminal\trial on Wednesday that he worked on a secret deal with Merrill\Lynch to fraudulently boost the disgraced energy giant's\profits.
Japan Stocks Dip Down, Oil Concerns Weigh  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares inched down by late  morning trade on Thursday as concerns about the impact of high  oil prices on the global economy dragged down a number of  manufacturers, including Canon Inc.
United Looks to Overseas Service for Profit United said on Wednesday that it would cut 68 airplanes from its fleet, increase the use of its regional carrier and expand its international flights.
Study finds IT worker confidence slipping Survey shows workers less optimistic about job market, with fewer saying personal finances are getting better.
Boutique mutual fund settles timing case for \$30 million ALBANY, NY RS Investment Management agreed to pay 30 (m) million dollars to settle allegations it allowed  quot;excessive quot; market timing in its mutual funds.
Henkel exchanges its Clorox stake against Clorox consumer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On October 6, 2004 Henkel KGaA, Dsseldorf and The Clorox Company, Oakland, California, USA, have signed an agreement pursuant to which Henkel will exchange its entire 28.
Honeywell Sues Apple, Others Over LCD Patent Honeywell announced late Wednesday it has filed a lawsuit against Apple, and 33 other electronics companies claiming claiming infringement of a liquid crystal display (LCD) patent.
Santander chairman to stand trial for tax fraud EMILIO Botin, chairman of would-be Abbey National owner Santander, and Spain #39;s highest-profile businessman, was yesterday ordered to stand trial on allegations that he helped clients evade taxes in the 1980s.
United to cut US flights, focus on international UAL Corp., the bankrupt parent of United Airlines, Wednesday said it would cut back on US flights and increase its capacity on more lucrative international routes.
How the ferocious T rex revealed its fluffy side The image of the fearsome Tyrannosaurus rex may never be the same again after a study published today suggests that it was probably fluffy, being covered with a downy covering 
UK file sharers warned  litigation could be the only way The UK Music Industry is sitting on  quot;a broadband timebomb quot; and the only way to stop illegal file sharers could be via the courts, a senior industry source warned today.
Blair presses Sudan over Darfur KHARTOUM: Britains Prime Minister Tony Blair pressed Sudanese President Omar Hassan Al Bashir on Wednesday to end violence in Darfur on the highest-level visit from a Western government official since the crisis erupted.
NO END TO THE AGONY BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber killed 16 people at a National Guard centre in western Iraq yesterday.An Interior Ministry official said the bomber targeted recruits for the paramilitary force in the town of Anah, 260km northwest of Baghdad, near the Syrian 
Karzai hopeful unhurt by blast TALIBAN attackers set off a roadside bomb near a convoy carrying the Afghan president #39;s running mate and other dignitaries in north-eastern Afghanistan yesterday, killing one man and injuring five.
Twelve UN Agencies Warn of Deep Crisis in Gaza Twelve United Nations agencies working in Gaza today stated that the ongoing violence on top of the sharply deteriorating humanitarian situation this year is pushing the Palestinian population into a deep crisis.
Free Bigley calls Gadaffi TRIPOLI: Libyan leader Muammar Gadaffi yesterday appealed to kidnappers in Iraq holding British hostage Kenneth Bigley to release him, Libya #39;s official Jana news agency said.
Live, from outer space: Howard Stern American shock-jock Howard Stern has been in the gunsights of the federal airwaves regulator for months but looks to have found the freedom to say what he wants, the way he wants to say it, by escaping to outer space.
Exchanges businesses, cash for 61.4 million shares LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Clorox Corp. said late Wednesday it will buy back Henkel KGaA #39;s 29 percent stake in the company in exchange for several businesses and \$2.
Corporate governance changed to mollify shareholders SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp., in an attempt to mollify Australian investors who had expressed concerns about its proposed reincorporation in the United States, late Wednesday said its board of directors has outlined a series of 
Maurice Wilkins Maurice Wilkins, the molecular biologist who died on Tuesday aged 87, was the third and least well-known of the three scientists who in 1962 won the Nobel Prize for medicine for determining the structure of DNA, the molecule which carries the genetic code 
Bpi to Target Internet File-Sharers The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) will announce it is taking legal action against illegal internet file-sharers for the first time today.
Pros and cons of Turkey joining the EU ANKARA: The European Commission is widely expected to give Turkey the green light to start EU entry talks in a progress report due to be published on Wednesday.
Conway Admits 'Vilifying' Oracle Bid, CEO (AP) AP - Fresh off his abrupt firing as PeopleSoft Inc.'s chief executive, an uncharacteristically subdued Craig Conway came to court Wednesday to defend his caustic counterattacks against Oracle Corp.'s  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid.
At least 33 killed, 70 wounded in Pakistan bombings (AFP) AFP - At least 33 people were killed and dozens others wounded when two bombs ripped through a congregation of Sunni Muslims in Pakistan's central city of Multan, police said.
Sailor dies after airlift from Canadian submarine off coast of Ireland (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - At first, the military said it was just a minor fire.
Michael Moore Responds to Michigan GOP (AP) AP - Michael Moore shot back at Republicans on Wednesday after they requested that the filmmaker be prosecuted for offering underwear and food to college students in exchange for their promise to vote.
Ethics Panel Rebukes DeLay Twice in a Week (AP) AP - The House ethics committee unanimously concluded Wednesday that Majority Leader Tom DeLay appeared to link political donations to a legislative favor and improperly persuaded U.S. aviation authorities to intervene in a Texas political dispute.
Commemorative Ronald Reagan Stamp Planned (AP) AP - Ronald Reagan's image will appear on a commemorative postage stamp to be issued early next year, Postal Service officials announced Wednesday.
Chile to overhaul constitution Chilean senators agree to scrap provisions in the constitution widely viewed as undemocratic.
Not at His Best, Clemens Wins a Game 1 The Houston Astros battered the Atlanta Braves, 9-3, in Game 1 of their N.L. division series even without the best from their starting pitcher, Roger Clemens.
Ethics Panel Rebukes DeLay Twice in a Week WASHINGTON - The House ethics committee Wednesday criticized House Majority Leader Tom DeLay for conduct that appeared to link political donations to legislation and for improperly contacting U.S. aviation authorities for political purposes, House sources said Wednesday...
Start-up targets e-commerce on demand Demandware service designed to help midsize firms open shop online as fast as with a hosted service, but with more customization.
Can Howard Stern take Sirius into orbit? Will radio star Howard Stern do for satellite radio what The Sopranos did for cable? Mr. Stern, host of the raunchy, top-rated drive-time radio show, signed a \$500-million, five-year contract with satellite 
Clorox will give up Soft Scrub, Combat in deal with largest &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Clorox Co. said late Wednesday that it will exchange shares in a subsidiary for Henkel KGaA #39;s 29 percent stake in the Oakland consumer products giant.
Robertson Stevens settles timing case for \$30 million The Robertson Stevens Investments firm agreed to pay \$30 million to settled allegations it allowed  quot;excessive quot; market timing in its mutual funds, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Wednesday.
Tokyo stocks rise on optimism over Japan #39;s economy; US dollar up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tokyo stocks rose on Wednesday for the fifth consecutive session, as investors bet on optimistic forecasts for steel and shipping issues and hopes for a more robust economic recovery in Japan.
Murdoch #39;s remarks on buyouts, clients boost BSkyB Shares in UK pay-TV company BSkyB (BSY.L: Quote, Profile, Research) rose on hopes of a buyout on Wednesday after media mogul Rupert Murdoch spoke of buying out minorities in his News Corp.
Raiders RB Wheatley May Miss 2-4 Weeks (AP) AP - Oakland Raiders running back Tyrone Wheatley expects to miss 2-to-4 weeks with a shoulder injury.
Vijay #39;s has swing solution for Tiger New world No.1 Vijay Singh has blamed Tiger Woods #39;s form slide on his failure to adjust his golf swing. According to Singh, who has won eight times on the US PGA Tour this year including five of his past six 
Davenport destroys Molik in Germany American tennis player Lindsay Davenport has knocked Australia #39;s Alicia Molik out of the WTA event in Filderstadt, Germany. Davenport became the first player to book her place in the quarter-finals of the 
Hawking is a teen role model Author and academic Professor Stephen Hawking is more of a role model to teenage boys than England football captain David Beckham, says a Good Housekeeping magazine survey.
Colon Chooses Jose Molina As Catcher (AP) AP - Bartolo Colon turned around his first season with the Anaheim Angels when Jose Molina was behind the plate.
French NGO slams Israel over access to Gaza wounded JERUSALEM, Oct 4 (AFP) - A French humanitarian group said Monday the Israeli army #39;s huge ongoing offensive in northern Gaza was hampering access to wounded Palestinians and that basic supplies were running out.
Kadhafi appeals for release of Bigley Libyan leader asks kidnappers to make contact with him in bid to help release British hostage in Iraq. TRIPOLI - Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi appealed Wednesday for the liberation of Kenneth Bigley, the British 
Building Blocks in Place It would be foolish to get too excited about the Wizards after years of disappointment but this team will bear watching this season.
Cavs Face First Test The University of Virginia Cavaliers are 4-0, ranked tenth, and mostly invisible on the national title picture. A win Thursday against Clemson could start opening eyes.
Weighing Options Ricky Williams's representatives are considering having him file for bankruptcy in an attempt to void the remainder of his contract with the Miami Dolphins.
Going With the Flow Forward Antawn Jamison is expected to be the team's No. 1 offensive threat while working within the framework of the offense.
Brown Absorbs Shots Texas Head Coach Mack Brown has been the focus of most Longhorn fans' bashes. And Brown, rightly or wrongly, is the first one to say that it is he, not the players, who should shoulder the blame.
Salt Lake Taps Ellinger Laurel native and Freddy Adu mentor John Ellinger  becomes the first coach of the MLS expansion team in Salt Lake City.
Ciresa Itches for Purse Marty Ciresa and his horse Presidentialaffair came close last year at the Maryland Million Classic at Pimlico, getting nosed out at the finish. This time, Ciresa wants the win.
Conferees Agree on Corporate Tax Bill House and Senate negotiators agreed Wednesday on an ambitious corporate tax bill that would shower billions of dollars in tax breaks on beneficiaries from old-line manufacturers to Alaskan whalers -- and includes a controversial \$10 billion buyout of the nation's tobacco farmers.
Secret Rule Requiring ID for Flights at Center of Court Battle John Gilmore, a tech-industry millionaire and privacy advocate, set out two years ago to challenge a basic element of airline security.
US Airways to Request Court-Ordered Pay Cuts Attorneys for US Airways hope to convince a bankruptcy court judge in Alexandria today that without substantial pay cuts, the airline will go out of business.
EADS May Sue Over Pricing Data EADS NV, Europe's largest aerospace and defense firm, is considering legal action after a former Air Force procurement official admitted sharing the company's pricing data on an Air Force program with rival Boeing Co.
Citgo Reaches \$323 Million Emissions  Settlement Citgo Petroleum Corp. will install \$320 million in pollution controls in six refineries and pay \$3.6 million to settle a federal lawsuit charging the company with violating the Clean Air Act, the Justice Department announced yesterday.
US Files Grievance Over Airbus With WTO The Bush administration dramatically escalated a dispute with the European Union yesterday by filing one of the biggest complaints in World Trade Organization history, accusing European governments 
Australia Unemployment Dips for 2nd Month Australia #39;s unemployment rate dropped for the second straight month to 5.6 percent in September, the government said Thursday.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Lower at Late Morning Tokyo stocks slipped Thursday morning as investors took profits from recent gains. The US dollar was up against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues was down 36.
Clorox Swaps \$2.1 Bln, Two Brands to Get Henkel Stake (Update3) Clorox Co., the largest US household- bleach maker, agreed to swap \$2.1 billion in cash, the Soft Scrub and Combat brands and its share in a joint venture to buy back Henkel KgaA #39;s 29 percent stake.
Tribute to pioneer scientist Maurice Wilkins Scientist Professor David Parry has paid tribute to Nobel Prize winner and New Zealand born scientist Maurice Wilkins who has died at the age of 88.
Coughlin  amp; Parcells: Two of a kind It was only a three-year, mid-life fling during the course of two long, varied coaching careers. But from 1988-90, Tom Coughlin and Bill Parcells found professional soul mates in one another.
Blair, in Sudan, Urges a Broad Peace Agreement Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain warned Sudan on Wednesday that the international community would not rest until violence was ended in Western Darfur and a comprehensive 
Iranian Missiles Could Target US, Israel, And Europe A senior Iranian official announced that his country has missiles capable of striking American troops, Israel and parts of Europe, Reuters reported.
Accountant Says Fannie Mae Pressured Him According to Roger Barnes, Fannie Mae, the giant mortgage finance company where he worked as an accountant for more than a decade, used "threats, intimidation and reprisal" against him and others who raised concerns about the company's accounting.
Fannie Mae chief defends accounting WASHINGTON - Fannie Mae chief Franklin Raines told Congress on Wednesday that the huge mortgage company did not intentionally manipulate earnings to boost executives #39; bonuses.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Frank Thomas Has Ankle Surgery and Prepares for a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By The Associated Press. Frank Thomas, who played in only 74 games with the Chicago White Sox this season, had surgery yesterday on his left ankle and might not be ready for spring training.
Science mourns DNA pioneer Wilkins Nobel Laureate Wilkins, 87, played an important role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, the molecule that carries our  quot;life code quot;, Kazinform refers to BBC News.
New Dinosaur Discovered: T. Rex Cousin Had Feathers  quot;It #39;s the kind of thing we expected, but we thought we might never find a fossil that would justifiably show it, quot; said Mark Norell, who co-authored a paper that describes the new species.
Novell spiffs up its desktop Linux software This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Novell plans to release in early November a new version of its open-source operating system for desktops.
Weapons Ban Eased At Airports People soon will be able to carry guns and other dangerous weapons onto the grounds and parking lots of Reagan National and Dulles International airports, after officials 
Chief Says Fannie Mae Did Nothing Wrong Franklin D. Raines, the head of Fannie Mae, took issue with every major damaging conclusion of the mortgage giant's regulator on Wednesday.
Attacks against civilians in Darfur Omar Ahmad al-Bashir of Sudan, Christian Aid is calling for radical new measures to end the crisis in Sudan. Christian Aid is calling for a change in the mandate of the African Union monitors in Darfur.
Iraq, Sadr Militia Begin Peace Talks Description: Efforts are under way to arrange a ceasefire in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City, where militiamen loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr have been battling US forces.
A Biotech Company's Aggressive Move Backfires The suspension of Chiron's flu vaccine has not only cost it three-quarters in expected profits, but also some credibility.
Kurzweil's Quest for Eternal Youth  Sets Buzz Inventor Ray Kurzweil takes 250 nutritional supplements a day in his quest to live long enough to reap the benefits he expects from biotechnology. He says he's trying to reprogram his body, like he would his computer. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Just Another Day in the Pit as Oil Tops \$52 While consumers, presidential candidates and the stock and bond markets are focused on oil prices, the oil traders themselves are more concerned about volatility.
Small Firms  Vie for Slice Of Security Pie Small technology businesses in the Washington area have learned that breaking into the homeland security business is a lot harder than they'd expected. Just getting a call returned or a proposal considered is a victory. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Pennington #39;s return energizes Jets EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- Chad Pennington returned for New York and the franchise quarterback showed why the Jets need him down the stretch drive.
New Cool, Quiet Laptop Hard Drives (PC World) PC World - Western Digital's Scorpio drives promise stinging performance.
Annan Urged to Pull U.N. Staff From Iraq (AP) AP - Two organizations representing more than 60,000 United Nations staff members urged Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Wednesday to pull all U.N. staff out of Iraq because of the "unprecedented" risk to their safety and security.
MLB Not Likely to Punish Steroid Users (AP) AP - Don't expect major league baseball to discipline Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi and Gary Sheffield over reported admissions of steroid use.
Suicide Car Bomb Kills 37 at Pakistan Religious Rally  MULTAN, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb exploded in  central Pakistan, killing at least 37 people and wounding more  than 50 at a rally for an assassinated militant religious  leader early on Thursday, police said.
Haitian Police, UN Troops Raid Aristide Stronghold  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - Haitian police backed by  U.N. peacekeepers raided a slum stronghold of supporters of  ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Wednesday and  arrested 75 people accused of violent attacks in the Haitian  capital, a police spokeswoman said.
Northeast Indian State Votes Amid Tight Security  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - People braved a steady drizzle  to come out to vote in a remote northeast Indian state on  Thursday, as troops guarded polling stations in an election  being held under the shadow of violence.
The Unraveling of a Terror Case Spun From Thinnest Threads The wreckage of a Detroit case about a "sleeper operational combat cell" reveals that it was built on evidence that has since been undermined.
Ethics Panel Rebukes DeLay Twice in a Week WASHINGTON - The House ethics committee unanimously concluded Wednesday that Majority Leader Tom DeLay appeared to link political donations to a legislative favor and improperly persuaded U.S. aviation authorities to intervene in a Texas political dispute...
Twins and Yankees Tied 5-5 After 11 NEW YORK - Mariano Rivera failed to hold a two-run lead in the eighth, and the Minnesota Twins and New York Yankees were tied at 5 after 11 innings Wednesday night in Game 2 of their best-of-five series in the AL playoffs.    Derek Jeter, Gary Sheffield and Alex Rodriguez homered to back Jon Lieber, but Minnesota rallied from a 5-3 deficit, ending Rivera's 12-for-12 mark in postseason save chances at Yankee Stadium...
Turkey a Step Closer to Joining E.U. Turkey took a significant step Wednesday toward its long-cherished goal of joining the European Union when the E.U.'s executive branch proposed opening formal negotiations over membership for the predominately Muslim nation.
U.S. Set to Aid Brazil Drug Shootdown Plan-Officials &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington is likely to help Brazilin its plan to shoot down planes suspected of smuggling drugsafter determining it has enough safeguards to preventaccidental killings, senior U.S. officials said on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Brazil's Vasp Airline to Face Bankruptcy Two Brazilian subsidiaries of General Electric Co. that provide maintenance services to financially troubled airline Vasp are calling for the bankruptcy of Brazil's fourth-largest airline.
Taking Their Game to the Next Level Professional video-game players are converging on San Francisco for a world championship event, and while none of their faces have yet wound up on a Wheaties box, some make tens of thousands of dollars a year in winnings.
PeopleSoft's Ex-Chief Says He Misspoke to Analysts Craig A. Conway said that he did not lie in 2003 but had simply not been clear when he suggested that all pending software orders had been completed.
Who's There? How Parents Can Be IM Watchdogs Instant messaging and online chat are well on their way to ubiquity -- especially among the young. How can parents ensure messaging is safe?
Connecting Paper and Online Worlds by Cellphone Camera Printed symbols called SpotCodes can help cellphones with cameras find their way around cyberspace.
CA to buy Netegrity for US\$430 million Computer Associates International announced on Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire Netegrity, a maker of network identity and access software, for about US\$430 million.
Magic Center DeClercq May Miss 3-4 Weeks (AP) AP - Orlando Magic center Andrew DeClercq will likely miss 3-to-4 weeks while he recovers from his second knee surgery of the year.
Crew Extend Unbeaten Streak to 16 Games (AP) AP - The Columbus Crew won their first Eastern Conference title and extended their unbeaten streak to an MLS-record 16 games with a 1-0 victory over the Chicago Fire on Wednesday.
Karzai Rival Lacks Charisma, but Mujahedeen Back Him He is short, bespectacled and lacks charisma, yet Yunus Qanooni, 47, until July the education minister, is the most formidable rival to President Hamid Karzai 
Torre Chooses Brown in Game 3 Yankees Manager Joe Torre bypassed Javier Vazquez in favor of Kevin Brown, the 39-year-old right-hander who has pitched in two World Series.
Clorox Buys Back Henkel's Stake in Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Clorox Co. agreed on Wednesday to\buy back a 29 percent stake in itself from Germany's Henkel\KGaA for  #36;2.84 billion of cash and assets, helping Persil-maker\Henkel finance its acquisition of Dial Corp.
Record High Oil Prices Hit Asian Markets  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Most Asian stock markets fell after  oil prices hit a record high on Thursday, reigniting worries  that high energy costs will dent household incomes, raise  companies' expenses and hurt global economic growth.
Deal for Cigna Bond Unit Bear Stearns  amp; Companies said Tuesday that its asset management arm had agreed to acquire the TimesSquare Capital Management bond business of the Cigna Corporationin New York.
Twins Lead the Yankees 6-5 in 12th NEW YORK Oct. 6, 2004 - Torri Hunter hit a long home run off Tanyon Sturtze in the 12th inning as the Minnesota Twins took a 6-5 lead over the New York Yankees on Wednesday in their best-of-five series in the AL playoffs.
Bankruptcy Proceedings Could Free Williams From Contract As tailback Ricky Williams contemplates a return to the NFL, his representatives are considering having him file for bankruptcy in an attempt to void the remainder of his contract with the Miami 
Two blasts kill 33 in central Pakistan Two bombs exploded at a gathering of Sunni radicals early Thursday in Multan in central Pakistan, killing at least 33 people and injuring dozens of others, said a police officer.
Wall Street stocks enjoy late-day rally despite high oil price Wall Street stocks ended higher Wednesday, boosted by a late-day rally despite the record crude oil price of more than 52 US dollars per barrel.
for the Gilt-Edged Gadget Groover Each January, the world #39;s gizmo freaks, gadget heads, and general arbiters of cool descend on Las Vegas for CES -- the Consumer Electronics Show -- a four-day look at what electronics makers worldwide are planning to wow consumers with and thus fatten 
HICKMAN EYES RECORD WIN James Hickman is looking to secure an unprecedented fifth consecutive global title as he spearheads a small British team in the World Short-Course Championships starting in Indianapolis today.
Twins would be better off with best-of-one If every postseason game were an opener, the Metrodome would be filled with World Series banners. Eight times in a row, Minnesota has won the first game of a playoff.
2004 WNBA Finals Matchups Analysis Meyers, who was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2003, broadcasts WNBA and women #39;s NCAA games for ABC and ESPN. She has also been a regular Blog Squad contributor to WNBA.
IBM to Widen Use of Mainframes in China, Elsewhere (Reuters) Reuters - Buoyed by brisk sales of its\mainframe computers in recent quarters, IBM is aiming to\broaden the use of the powerful machines, particularly in\China, the world's fastest growing large economy.
Suicide Car Bomb Kills 39 at Pakistan Religious Rally At least 39 people were killed and more than 80 wounded when a suicide car bomb exploded at a rally for an assassinated militant religious leader in central Pakistan early Thursday, police said.
IBM to Widen Use of Mainframes in China, Elsewhere  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Buoyed by brisk sales of its  mainframe computers in recent quarters, IBM is aiming to  broaden the use of the powerful machines, particularly in  China, the world's fastest growing large economy.
Concerns About Winter Push Oil to Record  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The price of crude oil broke into new  record territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter.
Yanks See the Brink, Then Bounce Back Alex Rodriguez's ground-rule double tied the game and Hideki Matsui's line-drive sacrifice fly scored the winning run in a rollicking, 7-6, 12-inning victory over the Twins.
Bryant Accuser Cannot Remain Nameless A federal judge rejected a request from the woman who accused the basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape to remain anonymous in her civil lawsuit.
Finally, a Boeing-Airbus Showdown The European jetmaker has long skirted subsidy rules. Now Washington #39;s WTO complaint will drag that abuse into the light of day.
Veto This Bill IN JUNE, the House and Senate each passed corporate tax bills. As we wrote at the time, both threatened to inflict further complications on the tax code, widen the budget deficit and affirm the belief of corporations 
Netegrity is bought, will fire A Waltham maker of security software is being acquired by software behemoth Computer Associates in a cash deal worth almost a half-billion dollars, the companies announced yesterday.
Corning to take nearly \$3 billion in charges, cites gloomy telecom &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CORNING, NY -- Corning Inc. will take non-cash charges of as much as \$2.9 billion against third-quarter results as the company #39;s telecommunications unit continues to struggle with industry sluggishness.
Maurice Wilkins, DNA Pioneer, Dies at 88 Maurice Wilkins, 88, a Nobel Prize winner whose role in discovering the double helix structure of DNA has been overshadowed by more-celebrated colleagues for the past half-century, died Oct. 5 in a London hospital.
Google feature offers pages of books online Internet search giant Google, quiet since going public in August, introduced a feature Wednesday that lets users search through pages of books online.
Astronaut Gordon Cooper Dies On Monday, astronaut Gordon Cooper Jr., 77, died at his home in Ventura, Calif. He was one of the original seven Mercury astronauts.
Yankees Take Dramatic 12-Inning Victory Over Twins Hideki Matsui hit a sacrifice fly to score Derek Jeter in the bottom of the 12th inning, giving the New York Yankees a dramatic 7-6 victory over the Minnesota Twins in the American League Divisional Series Wednesday.
After Games pressure, world short course presents different &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - After the pressure of the Olympic Games, training for the world short course swim championships was a challenge for Victoria #39;s Rick Say.
Hewitt advances to third round Top seeded Lleyton Hewitt rallied to a 6-0, 3-6, 6-1 win over Japan #39;s Gouichi Motomura yesterday in the second round of the Japan Open.
Braves and Astros open second day of playoffs Wednesday BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - The Houston Astros hope their miraculous run towards the postseason spills over into their National League Division Series with the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday.
Favre #39;s brother-in-law killed in ATV accident The brother-in-law of Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre died Wednesday evening after crashing an all-terrain vehicle on the player #39;s property.
WORLD IN BRIEF VIENNA -- Brazil has tentatively agreed to let the UN atomic agency view parts of its equipment used to enrich uranium -- a deal that would end squabbling over access to technology that can be used to build nuclear weapons, diplomats said Wednesday.
Bush Attacks Kerry; Edwards Says Bush 'In Denial' (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, going on the attack\after a slip in the polls, said on Wednesday Democratic rival\John Kerry's "mind-set of September 10th" would paralyze the\United States and weaken its ability to respond to threats.
Help for Home Team Mayor Anthony Williams is exploring ways to raise money to invest in neighborhoods and schools and allay critics of the mayor's plan to pay for a stadium.
Cambodian King Delays Return, Wants to Abdicate  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk, now  83, sick and dismayed at political infighting in his  impoverished country as it tries to recover from the "Killing  Fields" era, wants to give up his throne.
Cambodia's king 'has abdicated' Cambodia's King Sihanouk has announced his abdication, his son tells the country's National Assembly.
Yankees Rally to Win Game 2 Over Twins NEW YORK - Alex Rodriguez hit a tying double in the 12th inning, then Derek Jeter dashed home on Hideki Matsui's sacrifice fly and the Yankees bailed out Mariano Rivera with another improbable postseason comeback, beating Minnesota 7-6 Wednesday night to even their series at a game apiece.    The Yankees responded with a championship-caliber rally after falling behind in the 12th on Torii Hunter's home run...
U.S. 'Almost All Wrong' on Weapons The 1991 Persian Gulf War and subsequent U.N. inspections destroyed Iraq's illicit weapons capability and, for the most part, Saddam Hussein did not try to rebuild it, according to an extensive report by the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq.
Flower Dealer Gets 17 Months for Smuggling An orchid dealer was sentenced Wednesday to a year and five months in federal prison for scheming to smuggle prized tropical lady slipper orchids into the United States.
Fed: Economic Growth on Track  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. economic expansion remains on  track and inflation under control, top Federal Reserve  officials said Wednesday in comments likely to reinforce views  the Fed will hike rates again this year.
Ex-PeopleSoft CEO testifies WILMINGTON, Del. - Former PeopleSoft Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway testified Wednesday that he may have overreacted to Oracle Corp.
Congress drops tobacco curbs in tax bill Smoking foes, led by Ohio Republican Sen. Mike DeWine, yesterday vowed to continue their fight for government regulation of tobacco products, shortly 
AUTO INDUSTRY REPORT: Ford CEO has new goal Ford Motor Co. CEO Bill Ford Jr. plans to revive his push to make the automaker more environmentally friendly now that he no longer has to deal with a financial crisis, Newsweek reported.
Trade war erupts over aero subsidies WASHINGTON - A decades-long struggle between the world #39;s two largest aircraftmakers escalated into a new trade war between the United States and Europe.
TI Declares Qualcomm Court Victory Texas Instruments Inc. said Wednesday that a Delaware court ruled a second time that the company did not materially breach an agreement with cell phone chipmaker Qualcomm Inc.
Favre feeling better; Pederson could be done GREEN BAY, Wis. (Oct. 6, 2004) -- Brett Favre skipped practice, still feeling the effects of a concussion to go along with a softball-sized bruise on his left leg and a loose left shoulder.
Wheatley expects to miss 2-to-4 weeks with shoulder injury Oakland Raiders running back Tyrone Wheatley expects to miss 2-to-4 weeks with a shoulder injury.  quot;I #39;ve seen better days, quot; Wheatley told Sacramento radio station KHTK on Wednesday.
Concerns About Winter Push Oil to Record (Reuters) Reuters - The price of crude oil broke into new\record territory above  #36;52 Thursday on heightened concerns that\supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the\northern hemisphere winter.
Fed: Economic Growth on Track (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. economic expansion remains on\track and inflation under control, top Federal Reserve\officials said Wednesday in comments likely to reinforce views\the Fed will hike rates again this year.
Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge The subscription software company adds 85,000 individual subscribers to its online customer information system.
Briefly: Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge roundup Plus: RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux...Microsoft ships Virtual PC 7...SGI warns of lower revenue, deeper loss.
Skype readies business telephone offering New service will feature SkypePlus voicemail and expanded conference calling, as well as let users get calls from the traditional phone network.
Indonesia supports OPEC leaving quotas unchanged : Indonesia will support the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) if it decides at its Dec. 10 meeting to leave its output quota unchanged, Iin Arifin Takhyan, Director General of Oil and Gas said.
Blu-ray camcorders next year: report Sony, Matsushita and other firms are planning to launch camcorders using next-generation, smaller DVDs in the Blu-ray format as early as 2005 to win a lead over a rival offering, a report said today.
First Thoughts - PalmOne TungstenT5 I #39;ve had my review unit of the PalmOne TungstenT5 for about 8 hours now, and I #39;m ready to make a first pass at PalmOne #39;s newest high-end model.
Hamas fires more rockets at Israel Minister Ariel Sharon ordered his army to press on with a week-old offensive that has killed 75 Palestinians. briefed him on Israel #39;s biggest and bloodiest military campaign in the Gaza Strip in four years of open conflict.
Israeli offensive hits children in Gaza An Israeli missile hit the house of a Palestinian family of 10, killing two and badly injuring some of the eight children in Beit Lahia, northern Gaza.
Contextual Ads: Vital to a Search Marketing Campaign? Are you bidding on keywords through Overture's Precision Match, Google's AdWords or another pay-for-placement service? If so, you're eligible to participate in their contextual advertising programs.
Samsung plans to invest \$24bn in chips by 2010 Samsung Electronics, the worlds second largest chipmaker, said on Monday it would invest Won25,000bn (\$24bn) in new chip production lines by 2010 to generate accumulative sales of Won200,000bn.
Thai policeman suspected of shooting Britons surrenders: police (AFP) AFP - A Thai policeman suspected of shooting dead two British tourists last month gave himself up, police said.
 #36;71M Judgment Vs. Zimbabwe Party Tossed (AP) AP - A federal appeals court has tossed out a lawsuit that resulted in a  #36;71 million penalty against Zimbabwe's ruling party for allegedly torturing and killing political opponents.
Yankees Rally to Win Game 2 Over Twins NEW YORK - Alex Rodriguez hit a tying double in the 12th inning, then Derek Jeter dashed home on Hideki Matsui's sacrifice fly and the Yankees bailed out Mariano Rivera with another improbable postseason comeback, beating Minnesota 7-6 Wednesday night to even their series at a game apiece.   "Alex had a little trouble settling in here, but when you do this at Yankee Stadium in a postseason game, especially coming from behind, God only knows what it's going to do for him," New York manager Joe Torre said...
US, EU take Boeing, Airbus dispute to WTO WASHINGTON -- Intensifying a high-altitude trade war, the United States and the European Union filed dueling legal complaints at the World Trade Organization yesterday, charging each other with showering illegal subsidies on The Boeing Co.
Oil sets fresh record, closing above \$52 a barrel NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- US stocks staged a late-day rally to end higher Wednesday, with the Nasdaq climbing for the seventh straight session, as investor appetite for attractively valued shares trumped concern over a spate of profit warnings and a new high 
Cingular #39;s CEO says  #39;poaching #39; to cost it customers Customer losses at Cingular Wireless, which is set to buy Redmond #39;s AT amp;T Wireless for \$41 billion, may rise after that purchase, said Ed Whitacre, chief executive of Cingular parent SBC Communications Inc.
Varitek's Homer Helps Red Sox Tie Angels (AP) AP - Jason Varitek hit a two-run homer off Bartolo Colon in the sixth inning to bring Boston from behind, and the Red Sox and Anaheim Angels were tied 3-3 after six innings Wednesday night.
Twins Exhaust Nathan With 49 Pitches (AP) AP - Forty-nine pitches. Joe Nathan hadn't thrown that many in more than four years.
US asks Israel to clarify disengagement plan Jerusalem, Oct 07 - The United States has asked Israel to clarify a statement made by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s senior advisor Dov Weisglass, which said Tel Aviv #39;s disengagement plan meant a  quot;freezing of the peace process, quot; media reported here.
Cambodian King Delays Return, Wants to Abdicate Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk, now 83, sick and dismayed at political infighting in his impoverished country as it tries to recover from the  quot;Killing Fields quot; era, wants to give up his throne.
Yankees Take Dramatic 12-Inning Victory Over Twins  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hideki Matsui hit a sacrifice fly to  score Derek Jeter in the bottom of the 12th inning, giving the  New York Yankees a dramatic 7-6 victory over the Minnesota  Twins in the American League Divisional Series Wednesday.
Judge: Kobe Bryant Accuser's Name to Be Disclosed  DENVER (Reuters) - The young woman who accused basketball  star Kobe Bryant of rape must disclose her identity in her  civil case against him, a federal judge ruled on Wednesday.
Stern #39;s broadcast, salary go sky-high Shock jock Howard Stern, a lightning rod for furors over broadcast standards, won #39;t have to take network heat much longer. The trash-mouthed provocateur is ditching over-the-air radio to claim his future in orbit: via satellite radio.
Fed #39;s Poole calls for end to rate hints WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The Federal Open Market Committee should end its practice of hinting at the likely course of future policy actions, said William Poole, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St.
False gas data at El Paso Corp. led to charges Four former El Paso Corp. employees have agreed to plead guilty to reporting false natural gas trades and will help prosecutors in ongoing investigations.
Audit finds auditors lacking An inspection of Canada #39;s big four audit firms has found no material problems with the work the Bay Street firms conduct, but did find three cases out of 46 examined that did not meet generally accepted auditing standards.
Novell updates SuSE Linux desktop Novell has officially announced the early November availability of SuSE Professional 9.2, adding mobility features to the distribution including support for Bluetooth and wireless LANs.
Tiger Woods ties the knot in style Rumor became reality Tuesday night as golf star Tiger Woods, 28, wed his girlfriend, Elin Nordegren, 24, at an exclusive Barbados resort, according to the Associated Press.
Nathan left in a few pitches too long Forty-nine pitches. Joe Nathan hadn #39;t thrown that many in more than four years. It didn #39;t matter that Torii Hunter hit a go-ahead home run in the 12th inning, Nathan couldn #39;t hold the lead.
Arsenal lost 23M in Emirates deal The Gunners are delighted with their 100 million deal with the Dubai-based airline this week. But The Sun says Arsenal could have banked a total of 123m by separating the naming rights and shirt deal.
Angels and Red Sox tied after six innings Jason Varitek hit a two-run homer off Bartolo Colon in the sixth inning to bring Boston from behind, and the Red Sox and Anaheim Angels were tied 3-3 after six innings Wednesday night.
An arms-hungry Saddam feared Iran, says report Saddam Hussein was obsessed with his status in the Arab world, dreaming of weapons of mass destruction to pump up his prestige. And even as the United States fixated on him, he was fixated on his neighboring enemy, Iran.
Shock jock defecting to satellite radio Deal gives big boost to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Howard Stern, the self-proclaimed  quot;king of all media, quot; rocked the industry Wednesday by announcing plans to abandon traditional airwaves for the relatively untried frequencies of satellite radio in January 2006 in order to escape the tightening grip of 
Savings back in vogue as rates climb Latest figures from Principality Building Society show that net savings have increased by almost 50 since the base rate rise in August.
Google Launches Google Print Rescate writes  quot;As reported by Reuters,Google is launching Google Print, which will show book excerpts next to regular Google search results.
NASCAR glance 1. KURT BUSCH. He has scored nine consecutive top-15 finishes, including his second fifth-place effort in a row in the EA Sports 500 at Talladega Superspeedway on Sunday.
Blair faces final judgement on WMD The Government is facing up to confirmation Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction. The group hunting for Saddam #39;s arsenal said it had found no evidence he had chemical, biological or nuclear weapons at the time of the US-led invasion.
Bomb-grade plutonium driven across France Wednesday after a more than two-week journey from Charleston in the United States. They fear it is vulnerable to. plutonium will be recycled into nuclear fuel.
Australia #39;s Labor Party faces uphill battle in election campaign Campaigning was never going to be easy for opposition Labor Party leader Mark Latham: an Australian economy into its 13th year of expansion, interest rates at their lowest in 30 years, inflation in check an close race likely to be decided in just a 
Asia, Europe seek closer and smoother economic relations More than 300 business delegates from Asia and Europe gathered in Hanoi Thursday to seek more opportunities to promote free flows of trade and investment between the two continents in the coming years.
Gadhafi Appeals for Freedom of British Hostage in Iraq Libyan President Moammar Gadhafi has appealed for the release of British engineer Kenneth Bigley, who was taken hostage in Iraq three weeks ago.
UN staff in Iraq; The nuclear imbalance; Policing the world The United Nations Staff Union, in response to David Malone #39;s  quot;Nobody said it would be safe, quot; (Views, Oct. 1), would like to point out that around 30 UN staff members have already been deployed to Iraq - a 
US Congress agrees huge tax bill The US Congress has agreed in principle a huge corporate tax bill providing tax breaks for manufacturers in return for repealing export subsidies.
Cambodian king abdicates The announcement was made in a letter read to the National Assembly on Thursday by Prince Norodom Ranariddh, the king #39;s son and chairman of the assembly.
Nine killed in US air raids on Fallujah: hospital Nine people were killed in two pre-dawn raids by US planes on suspected reel targets in Fallujah, west of Baghdad today, according to a local hospital.
Annan Urged to Pull All UN Staff Out of Iraq Organizations representing 60,000 United Nations employees are urging Secretary-General Kofi Annan to pull all UN staff out of Iraq.
Australian PM gets election boost with surprise drop in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : Prime Minister John Howard #39;s election campaign received a last-minute boost as new unemployment figures showed a larger than expected fall in the number of jobless, two days before an election he has fought on his economic record.
Car Bombing Kills 39 at Pakistan Religious Rally  MULTAN, Pakistan (Reuters) - At least 39 people were killed  and more than 80 wounded when a car bomb exploded at a rally to  commemorate an assassinated militant religious leader in  central Pakistan early Thursday, police said.
Iraq war debate fuelled by report A key US report saying Saddam Hussein had no WMD intensifies debate on the justification for war with Iraq.
War's Rationales Are Undermined Again The release of the account on Iraq's weapons is only the latest in a series of damaging blows to the White House's strategy of portraying the war as being on the cusp of success.
FINDINGS   Illegal Trade in Skins Of Big Cats Grows &lt;br&gt;The illicit trade in tiger and leopard skins is growing sharply in India, Nepal and China and posing a serious threat to the survival of the big cats, a conservation group said yesterday.
British Citizen Indicted on U.S. Terrorism Charges   A man arrested in Britain in August for allegedly soliciting money and recruiting jihadist fighters using Internet servers in the United States also purchased bombmaking materials and camouflage suits, according to court papers filed by the U.S. attorney in Connecticut yesterday.
Astros appear ready to shake postseason blues While 11,000 tickets went begging in Game 1 of this playoff series, the Houston hitters did not. The Astros #39; heat wave that produced a 36-10 record in the last six weeks of the season descended on Atlanta.
Fed: Economic Growth on Track US economic expansion remains on track and inflation under control, top Federal Reserve officials said Wednesday in comments likely to reinforce views the Fed will hike rates again this year.
LDS Church now a major player among Nebraska landowners The LDS Church has bought a large part of a western Nebraska ranch, becoming one of the state #39;s largest landowners. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints recently paid \$17.
Google looks at the books GOOGLE INGENUES Sergey Brin and Larry Page, have been visiting the Frankfurt Book Fair this week peddling a new service to publishers for the search engine outfit.
Thailand declines to back shark proposal at CITES meeting Thailand has refused to support a proposal at the ongoing CITES meeting to strict the trade in greatwhite sharks due to concern over the possible adverse effect on its shark 
U. scientists create  #39;Louse Buster #39; In about a year, a teacher who finds head lice on a child may be able to send her to the school clinic for a 30-second treatment of hair heating and drying - safely blowing those lice right out of her hair.
Sports: Red Sox 8 Angels 3 (Red Sox lead series 2-0) ANAHEIM, Calif. Manny Ramirez collected two RBI #39;s and sparked a four-run ninth as the Boston Red Sox beat Anaheim 5-to-3 to take a two-games-to-none lead in the AL Division Series.
Thursday #39;s previews Points: With no hurricanes approaching Hattiesburg, Southern Miss finally gets to play at home. Traveling, however, hasn #39;t bothered the Golden Eagles, who lead the nation in turnover margin (3.
Car bombing kills 39 in Pakistan At least 39 people have been killed and more than 80 wounded after a car bomb exploded at a rally to commemorate an assassinated militant religious leader in central Pakistan, police say.
Sharon aide tells of pullback motive A top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was quoted as saying yesterday that Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is intended to block Palestinian statehood indefinitely and that the policy had US backing.
Aid Afghan democrats Afghan President Hamid Karzai dodged death three weeks ago when Taliban fighters fired a rocket at him in Gardez. Yesterday, his running mate in Saturday #39;s national election, Ahmad Zia Masood, barely survived a Taliban bomb in Faizabad.
Suicide car bomber kills 16 A SUICIDE car bomber ploughed into an Iraqi military checkpoint north-west of Baghdad, killing 16 Iraqis and wounding about 30, as United States and Iraqi forces sealed off roads south of the capital to curb insurgency.
Cambodia #39;s King Sihanouk abdicates the throne TOKYO, October 7 (Itar-Tass) - King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia has abdicated the throne, his son Prince Norodom Ranariddh, leader of the royalist party FUNCINPEC and Chairman of the National Assembly, has announced, according to reports reaching here.
News Corp soothes investors over US shift Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp says it has approved stricter corporate governance provisions, soothing critics of a plan to shift its legal base to the United States from Australia.
Fannie Mae CEO Raines defends leadership Fannie Mae (FNM) CEO Franklin Raines defended his stewardship of the housing finance giant Wednesday, as a former employee said Raines ignored warnings of accounting problems.
SuSE 9.2 arrives on time NOVELL SAID that a new version of its Linux package SuSE professional will be available in November as it planned. The company plans to have regular six month upgrades for SuSE, which is currently siting on version 9.1.
Half Life 2 wait starts stopping to be a wait THIS MORNING, OR late this evening as we call it here in Britain,the long Half-Life 2 wait will start to be over. You get the multiplayer version, Counter-Strike: Source, the full enchilada at that moment.
Israeli tank fires shells at group in northern Gaza An Israeli tank fired two shells Thursday morning at a group of Palestinians in the town of Beit Lahiya in northern Gaza, killing two people, hospital officials said.
Record Oil Prices Weigh on Asian Shares  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices hit record highs on  Thursday, fueling gains in some energy stocks, but fears that  high power costs will dent household incomes, raise firms'  expenses and hurt global growth weighed on Asian share markets.
US and EU face off over aerospace subsidies The United States and the European Union have taken their fight over billions of dollars in subsidies for Airbus and Boeing to the World Trade Organisation.
Oil price exceeds record mark OIL #39;S RECORD-breaking rally took US crude over US\$52 a barrel yesterday fuelled by the impact of Hurricane Ivan on US winter inventories.
Business Glance ALBANY, NY - The Robertson Stevens Investments firm agreed to pay \$30 million to settled allegations it allowed  #39; #39;excessive #39; #39; market timing in its mutual funds, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Wednesday.
US CEOs see economic growth slowing Top US executives are pessimistic about next year #39;s economy, citing high oil prices, geopolitical threats and stuttering consumer confidence, according to a survey.
VW recruits former Daimler cost-cutter Volkswagen has recruited Wolfgang Bernhard, who as DaimlerChrysler #39;s former star manager built a reputation as an aggressive cost-cutter, to join its board.
INDUSTRY REPORT: Apparel -- Wolverine improves Wolverine World Wide Inc., maker of Hush Puppies shoes and Merrell boots, reported third-quarter revenue of \$260.89 million, a 13.
SEC Charges Ex-Peregrine Execs with Fraud The US Securities and Exchange Commission filed civil suits on Wednesday charging that six former top executives at the technology company Peregrine Systems committed massive accounting fraud.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks End Lower on Profit Taking Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as investors took profits after five straight sessions of gains. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Employer insurance rates #39; rise to ease up Costs of employer-sponsored health plans are expected to climb an average of 8 percent in 2005, the first time in five years increases have been in single digits.
MGM plans to keep its casino LAS VEGAS -- Terry Lanni, head of the MGM Mirage casino group, Wednesday said MotorCity Casino in Detroit would be sold and not the MGM Grand Detroit if the Federal Trade Commission approves the merger between MGM Mirage and Mandalay Resort Group.
ElBaradei Urges Iran to Suspend Enrichment Activities  TOKYO (Reuters) - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog,  Mohamed ElBaradei, said Thursday he hoped Iran would fully  suspend its uranium enrichment-related activities and that his  agency was working with it to do so.
Skype readies business telephone offering Skype plans to offer a business telephone service for  quot;individuals and workgroups, not CIOs quot; that the free Internet phone service provider believes will shake-up another major telephone market.
Corporations too trusting of Indian security ERNST AND YOUNG #39;S the Global Information Security Survey is just the latest to survey senior management #39;s cluelessness when it comes to IT and are far too trusting when it comes to Indian outsourcing, it alleges.
FRANCIS CRICK: THE PIONEER OF DNA Dr. Francis Crick, a renowned radicular Biologist, died of cancer on July 29, 2004. Prof. D. Wilson Devaprasad, an ardent reader of SOM had the opportunity of listening to his talk on  #39;DNA Helix #39; at Hyderabad in 1981.
Martinez Ends Losing Steak as Red Sox Beat Angels Pedro Martinez pitched seven strong innings to end his losing streak and lead the Boston Red Sox to an 8-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels in the second game of an American League Division series on Wednesday.
I #39;m telling ya, couch potato-ing the Division series gets no &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ST. LOUIS -- So I have this idea for a new reality TV show. Kind of a Survivor/Apprentice/Benefactor/Wife Swap thing, except without the competition part.
CRICKET: KUMBLE JOINS THE 400 CLUB ANIL KUMBLE claimed his 400th Test victim yesterday - but could not stop Australia gaining the upper hand in Bangalore. The wrist spinner bowled Simon Katich for 81 in the 79th over to reach the milestone 
England #39;s Owen on the mend England striker Michael Owen, who is nursing a back injury, should complete a full training session on Thursday before the World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday.
Cavaliers wary of struggling Tigers The numbers suggest a mismatch: Virginia is 4-0 and ranked No. 10. Clemson has lost three straight. But records only tell part of the story, at least where the Tigers are concerned.
Thai PM Takes Over Battle to End Muslim Unrest  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra  said Thursday he would take charge of efforts to end violence  in the largely Muslim south, where nearly 360 people have been  killed since violence erupted in January.
AL playoffs: Rodriguez-led NY finds a way The Yankees needed someone to save Mariano Rivera. Alex Rodriguez and Derek Jeter sparked a championship-caliber rally just in time.
Tiger #39;s swing the problem - Vijay World number one Vijay Singh, who leads the star parade at the dunhill links championship at St. Andrews this week, believes Tiger Woods is paying a heavy price for tampering with his swing.
Dreams hinge on Okla.-Texas outcome AUSTIN - Jason White, the heady Oklahoma quarterback with the two surgically repaired knees, already has ensured his legacy in the Red River Shootout, no matter the outcome of Saturday #39;s game.
Europe cheers EU recommendation of Turkey Supporters found plenty of reasons to cheer the EU #39;s recommendation Wednesday that talks begin on making Muslim-majority Turkey a member.
40 Sunnis Killed In Twin Pak Bomb Blast Islamabad, Oct. 7 (NNN): At least 40 people were killed and over 100 injured when twin bomb blasts went off in a Sunni Muslim gathering in Pakistans Multan city on early Thursday morning.
Politics: Both sides eye climbing world oil prices nervously The news that the National party is to hold back on key policy announcements until closer to the election has had a mixed reception.
Asia, Europe Seek Better Business Ties Asian and European business leaders at a joint forum pushed for greater trade between their regions Thursday, with Asians calling for more transfer of technology to their countries and Europeans demanding greater Asian investment.
Pro-Aristide protesters make threats to foreigners PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Enraged supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide armed themselves and roamed a downtown slum, threatening to behead foreigners after UN peacekeepers and Haitian police arrested dozens of people yesterday.
Edmonds back in the swing The last two weeks of the regular season were agonizing for Jim Edmonds, robbed of enthusiasm once the St. Louis Cardinals clinched the NL Central.
Varitek stays one step ahead The first two at-bats were the kind of moments he'd like to forget. Red Sox catcher Jason Varitek looked, for lack of a better word, wobbly in his initial appearances against Anaheim fireballer Bartolo Colon.
Astros discover killer instinct The Killer B's didn't have to go it alone. Roger Clemens and the powerful Houston lineup made sure the Astros got off to a good start in their quest to finally win a playoff series.
This season, they've been fish out of water The perfect place for the Dolphins' pregame meal Sunday is in Boston's theater district. When things have been going like they have for Miami, what better place to dine than Rock Bottom?
Special attention is paid to teams All signs point to plenty of emphasis on special teams this week in Patriotland after a shoddy performance against the Bills last Sunday in Orchard Park, N.Y. Safety Shawn Mayer , who missed a tackle on Buffalo's Terrence McGee on a 98-yard kickoff return, was released Tuesday. The Patriots brought back Je'Rod Cherry yesterday in the hopes of ...
Light decides to stay awhile Matt Light was a good old country boy. Now he's a rich, good old country boy.
Simms picked to start Chris Simms will make his first pro start at quarterback for the winless Tampa Bay Buccaneers this week, replacing Brad Johnson .
Cassell returns to the fold Sam Cassell and the Minnesota Timberwolves apparently are back on good terms. The veteran guard reported for yesterday afternoon's practice after skipping the team's media day and first day of workouts earlier in the week. Cassell, 34, was unhappy about not getting a contract extension.
Holliston grad off to a fast start in college Lindsay Bove, a graduate of Holliston High School, has made an immediate and positive impact on the women's soccer team at The College of Saint Rose in Albany, N.Y.
US 'deserter' gets trial date Ex-US soldier Charles Jenkins, accused of defecting to North  Korea, will face a court martial on 3 November.
On world stage, no one else compares to Els It was two years ago when Ernie Els explained how it was possible that Tiger Woods could be overtaken in the world rankings. Of course, at the time the South African sat third in the order with a point value of 7.80, slightly behind Phil Mickelson and miles shy of Woods's whopping 17.54, so you can understand if there were ...
Nepal troops face 'abuse' charge The US-based Human Rights Watch says both Nepalese troops and Maoist rebels are responsible for civilian killings and abductions.
More turbulence ahead Kim and Brian Ursino haven't yet earned enough seniority at US Airways Group to get some major holidays off, forcing an unusual tradition on their family: the three-hour Christmas.
Radio's Stern reality I'll be back with the news about Howard Stern's planned departure to satellite radio. But first, this endless block of commercials and station promotions.
Beleaguered Merck looks to future A week after saying it was withdrawing its \$2.5 billion arthritis drug Vioxx from the market and losing a quarter of its stock market value as a result, Merck  amp; Co. will try to dodge the storm clouds and turn its attention tomorrow to a brighter subject with the official opening of its Boston research lab.
Ex-head of oil-for-food program accused of accepting bribes NEW YORK -- The top US arms inspector accused the former head of the \$60 billion UN oil-for-food program of accepting bribes in the form of vouchers for Iraqi oil sales from Saddam Hussein's government while running the program, according to a report released yesterday.
Spending slow on Iraq rebuilding, report says WASHINGTON -- Less than 7 percent of the \$18.4 billion that Congress approved last year to rebuild Iraq has been spent, the Bush administration said yesterday in its latest report on progress there.
Medium seeks wide impact If satellite radio's proponents are right, the new medium could be the next cable television, only bigger. Currently available through two companies, the XM and Sirius satellite radio networks, satellite radio requires that users pay a monthly fee and buy a special receiver to translate the signal. Both networks offer a wide range of programming on more than 120 stations, ...
Conferees back bill to resolve trade row WASHINGTON -- A major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a trade dispute with Europe won congressional negotiators' backing yesterday after House Republicans beat back efforts to increase tobacco regulation. The measure would repeal a tax break for thousands of US exporters that the World Trade Organization ruled illegal. As a replacement, it offers more than \$140 billion ...
Cambodian king says he's abdicating throne BANGKOK -- Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk, now 83, sick, and dismayed at political infighting in his impoverished country as it tries to recover from the Khmer Rouge era of mass killings, wants to give up his throne. Sihanouk had delayed his scheduled return from China, where he has been undergoing medical treatment for several months, and announced his desire to ...
Crude passes \$52 a barrel Crude futures surged above \$52 a barrel yesterday as a possible strike by Nigerian oil workers loomed and petroleum output in the Gulf of Mexico continued to suffer more than two weeks after Hurricane Ivan whipped through the region.
Iran says it has produced gas for nuclear enrichment TEHRAN -- Iran said yesterday it has processed several tons of raw  quot;yellowcake quot; uranium to prepare it for enrichment -- a key step in developing atomic weapons -- in defiance of the UN nuclear watchdog agency.
United eliminating some US routes, expanding overseas to increase profits United Airlines, increasingly squeezed by discount carriers in the US market, is cutting back its domestic flight schedule and expanding its international presence in the push to become profitable again.
Two bombs kill at least 36 at Sunni gathering in Pakistan MULTAN, Pakistan -- Two bombs exploded at a gathering of Sunni Muslim radicals in the central Pakistan city of Multan before dawn today, killing at least 36 people and wounding about 100, according to police, who suspect a sectarian attack.
Worcester Centrum to be renamed Digital Federal Credit Union, a fast-growing alternative to traditional banks, said it is buying the naming rights to Worcester's Centrum Centre. The \$5.2 million, 10-year deal renames the building to DCU Center. The signs are expected to be changed by the end of the year. DCU, based in Marlborough, has been aggressively raising its profile with television, radio, and print ...
Chemistry Nobel to 2 Israelis, American STOCKHOLM -- Israelis Aaron Ciechanover and Avram Hershko and American Irwin Rose were awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in chemistry yesterday for discovering a key way cells destroy unwanted proteins -- starting with a chemical ''kiss of death. quot;
N.Y. woman doubts getting early release from Peruvian prison CAJAMARCA, Peru -- Lori Berenson, the 34-year-old New Yorker jailed in Peru for collaboration with Marxist guerrillas, holds little hope that an expected international court ruling in her favor will get her out of prison before she turns 45.
Computer Associates to buy Netegrity Corporate computing software giant Computer Associates International Inc. said yesterday it will pay \$430 million in cash to acquire Waltham data security firm Netegrity Inc. The deal marks a major expansion of Computer Associates' security business. It also comes as the company tries to move on from a major financial scandal that forced the resignation of its chief executive.
UN troops and police in Haiti try to curb pro-Aristide violence PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Enraged supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide armed themselves with machetes, guns, rocks, and bottles and roamed a downtown slum, threatening to behead foreigners after UN peacekeepers and Haitian police arrested dozens yesterday.
Study: J amp;J neck stent is as effective as surgery Johnson  amp; Johnson's neck stent is as effective as surgery in clearing blocked blood vessels to the brain that can cause strokes and death, according to a company-funded study in tomorrow's New England Journal of Medicine.
Rising fuel costs worsen outlook, airline says US Airways Group Inc. said yesterday that sharply rising fuel costs in recent weeks have made the bankrupt airline's already dismal financial outlook even more acute.
Health insurer to halt payments MINNEAPOLIS -- A Minnesota health insurer says it won't pay the bill when doctors make serious mistakes -- apparently the first time an insurer has taken such a hard-line stand against medical errors.
Winter heating costs expected to top \$1,000 on average Residential heating costs are projected to soar this winter to more than \$1,000 on average because of higher fuel prices and colder weather, the government said yesterday.
Summit attracts top tech leaders A host of high-tech big wheels, from information technology leaders to inventors and visionaries from across the region, are slated to converge for a summit in Portsmouth on Oct. 14 and 15.
Aircraft subsidies trigger trans-Atlantic trade fight Washington state #39;s \$3.2 billion package of tax incentives for Boeing #39;s 7E7 project has become a focal point of the quickly worsening trade dispute between the US and Europe over government support for airplane makers.
Oracle/PeopleSoft: merger signs and portents October 6, 2004 6:43 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - It is looking increasingly likely that Oracle could be victorious in its lengthy takeover battle with PeopleSoft.
Conferees back bill to resolve trade row A major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a trade dispute with Europe won congressional negotiators #39; backing yesterday after House Republicans beat back efforts to increase tobacco regulation.
Henkel says will not issue bond to finance Dial buy Henkel KGaA (HNKG.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it would not need to issue a bond to finance its acquisition of US-based Dial Corp.
DNA pioneer, Nobel winner transformed medical field Maurice Wilkins, 88, who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1962 along with the two scientists credited for describing the structure of DNA, Francis Crick and James Watson, died Tuesday at a London hospital.
On world stage, no one else compares to Els It was two years ago when Ernie Els explained how it was possible that Tiger Woods could be overtaken in the world rankings. Of course, at the time the South African 
England striker Owen believes he can make it in Madrid side MANCHESTER: Michael Owen insists he has been unaffected by the fierce criticism that has dogged his short career at Real Madrid and is desperate to use England #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales to restore his flagging reputation.
Virginia opens ACC vs. nemesis Clemson After bolting to a 4-0 record and its highest ranking in five years against opponents with a collective 7-13 record, Virginia begins its football season 
Against OU, Texas hopes to finally hold  #39;em Blame him, Mack Brown says. Texas hasn #39;t beaten Oklahoma in four years, hasn #39;t made the Sooners so much as sweat in a couple of those games.
Sosa #39;s costly departure Various media outlets, including mlb.com and ESPN Radio 1000, are reporting the Cubs have docked their superstar a day #39;s pay for leaving last Sunday #39;s Cubs-Braves game well before it ended.
Ex-teammates sour on Williams The latest news in the Ricky Williams saga - that he has instructed agent Leigh Steinberg to explore avenues for a return -as all the impact of a wet diaper with his ex-Miami Dolphins teammates.
Bradley caught way off base The good news for the Dodgers this time is Milton Bradley did not completely lose his cool. Did not scream, take off half his uniform in public or berate the fans in a profanity-filled tirade.
Pakistan: at least 36 people died in suicide car bomb attack Car detonated at a rally in the city of Multan when people had gathered to commemorate first anniversary of the assassination of extremist Sunni religious leader Azam Tariq.
Karzai: Vote without fear Afghan President Hamid Karzai has told his supporters to vote without fear at a rally in a Kabul stadium the Taliban once used for beheadings.
What happened? OTTAWACanada #39;s military is facing tough questions today after a submarine fire billed as minor and  quot;non-life-threatening quot; claimed the life of a crewman.
Blair pushes Darfur accord KHARTOUMSudan has agreed to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces from Darfur and to boost the number of international ceasefire monitors in the province, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday.
Target practice Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered the Israeli Defense Forces to stop the barrage of missiles from the Gaza Strip. Thus, the Israeli Army and Air Force are engaged in a major confrontation with the terrorists in Gaza.
UK music to 'sue online pirates' The UK music industry is set to launch legal action against people who download music from the net.
EU panel urges talks with Turkey about membership BRUSSELS, Belgium -- In a move that could extend Europe #39;s borders to the edge of the Middle East, the European Union on Wednesday recommended starting negotiations with Turkey on full membership.
Iraq cleric agrees to ceasefire... sort of However, key members of the cleric #39;s movement insisted terms of the deal had not been finalised. The claims and counterclaims followed an announcement Tuesday by prime minister Ayad Allawi that the basis of 
Backgrounder: Leading candidates in Afghan election Following are brief profiles of the leading candidates in Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election to be held on Saturday.
Blair in Ethiopia to outine vision for Africa ADDIS ABABA : British Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to outline his personal vision for the future of Africa at a meeting of the organisation he set up to spur development efforts in the region.
AP: Iran Converts Uranium Into Gas TEHRAN, Iran Oct. 6, 2004 - Iran has converted a few tons of raw uranium into hexafluoride gas needed for enrichment, a necessary step toward producing nuclear fuel or nuclear weapons, a top nuclear official told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Customer views from PeopleSoft Connect At PeopleSofts European conference this week, the vendors senior executives were keen to point out the progress that the firm has made in the past year, including new services to make updates easier for customers.
News Corp soothes US move critics Australia #39;s News Corp has adopted corporate reforms aimed at soothing critics of its planned move to the US. The media giant, owner of Fox TV in the US, and the Times and Sun newspapers in the UK, promised not to issue new shares with extra voting rights.
German Stocks Gain, Led by Henkel, Utilities; Comdirect Slides German stocks advanced. Henkel KgaA, the maker of Persil detergent and Dial soap, gained after saying it will trade its 29 percent stake in Clorox Co.
Coors Light in the balance MONTREAL -- A seven-year-old marketing agreement between Molson and US-based Adolph Coors Co. was not amended for the merger proposal between the two companies.
Corning sees Q3 charges of \$2.9B SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Corning said late Wednesday it will take \$2.8 billion to \$2.9 billion in third-quarter charges because of reductions in projected future global demand for its fiber-optic products used in telecommunications networks.
Noranda defends China sale TORONTO and OTTAWA - Senior executives from Noranda Inc. are adamantly defending controversial talks to sell the company to China #39;s communist government, despite suggestions from MPs that Parliament may block the proposed sale.
Stocks shake off oil-cost worries to rally Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally yesterday, finishing higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies.
Japan Officials Check on Auction of New Banknote (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese officials were trying to confirm\Thursday whether a 1,000 yen ( #36;9) bill that was being auctioned\on an Internet site was really a prototype of a new high-tech\banknote that slipped through their fingers.
The browser wars are back, according to Netscape #39;s founder This time, it #39;s not Andreessen #39;s former company Netscape Communications that #39;s taking on Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer; it #39;s the emerging popularity of smaller products such as Apple Computer #39;s Safari and open-source browser Firefox, Andreessen said.
Yankees short hops com. Are you really surprised that the Yankees came back to win Game 2 over the Twins, avoiding an 0-2 deficit heading back to Minneapolis on Friday?
FOSTER WANTS SWEETENHAM TO MODERATE APPROACH Mark Foster has called on national performance director Bill Sweetenham to moderate his approach after returning to the British team following his Olympic exile.
Sven #39;s three-striker plan Sven-Goran Eriksson is considering playing Michael Owen, Wayne Rooney AND Jermain Defoe as part of a three-pronged attack for Saturday #39;s vital World Cup qualifer against Wales.
UPDATE 1-Clarke makes 151 on debut to lift Australia Debutant Michael Clarke made a sparkling 151 and captain Adam Gilchrist 104 to lift Australia to 474 all out on the second day of the first test against India on Thursday.
Dodgers Notebook: Bradley engages in heated confrontation with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Just over a week after vowing to get anger management help, he lashes out in interview, calling writer  #39;an Uncle Tom. #39;. By Bill Cizek.
Turkish press jubilant over green light for EU accession talks Adorned with Turkish and EU flags, Turkey #39;s newspapers hailed Thursday an official EU report recommending the country start talks to join the bloc, while largely ignoring the stringent conditions attached to the announcement.
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS A car bomb exploded early Thursday during a celebration of Islamic militants in the central Pakistan city of Multan, killing at least 35 people and wounding dozens more, police and hospital sources said.
Afghan government says drug smugglers were behind political attack &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL, Afghanistan The Afghan government is blaming drug smugglers for yesterday #39;s attack on the leading vice presidential candidate .
ASEF Dedicated to Closer Asia, Europe Despite getting less attention than the summit talks at the ongoing Asia Europe Meeting (ASEM) here, officials of the Asia Europe Fund (ASEF) are busy carrying out their duties behind the scenes.
Profile: King Norodom Sihanouk King Norodom Sihanouk #39;s abdication announcement is not the first time the mercurial and enigmatic Cambodian has caught his nation by surprise.
Space Tourism Faces Safety Regulations (AP) AP - Thrill seekers are plunking down six figures to ride rockets that haven't even been built yet, and a new airline called Virgin Galactic promises to be up and soaring in the next three years. Still, the budding space tourism faces a myriad of safety concerns  #151; in the sky and on the ground  #151; that must be resolved before any paying passenger takes off.
Early T-Rex Relative Had Feathers -- Study (Reuters) Reuters - The earliest known relative of the\mighty Tyrannosaurus rex had primitive feathers, probably to\help it keep warm.
Alert Level Dropped at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Geologist David Johnston wouldn't have died on Mount St. Helens today.
Virtual gamers reveal themselves A photography exhibitions in London documents what online identities gamers create for themselves.
Online map shows risk of flooding A 30m online map is launched telling homeowners in England and Wales what risk of flooding they face.
Talks look for new climate effort Climate experts and politicians  will discuss policies they believe may be needed beyond the Kyoto Protocol.
Sources: EU Probes Oracle, PeopleSoft (Reuters) Reuters - The European Commission has resumed\its probe of Oracle's  #36;7.7 billion hostile attempt to buy\PeopleSoft in a bid to complete approval before Competition\Commissioner Mario Monti leaves office, sources familiar with\the situation said on Thursday.
Concerns About Winter Push Oil to Record  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into fresh record  territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter.
Sources: EU Probes Oracle, PeopleSoft  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission has resumed  its probe of Oracle's \$7.7 billion hostile attempt to buy  PeopleSoft in a bid to complete approval before Competition  Commissioner Mario Monti leaves office, sources familiar with  the situation said on Thursday.
IMF: High Oil Price a Threat for Years  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Tight oil supplies could leave the  global economy worryingly vulnerable for years to come, a  senior International Monetary Fund official said on Thursday.
CA pays \$430M for Netegrity Computer Associates International Inc., as promised, has returned to the acquisition game, scooping up its second computer security company in as many months with an agreement to buy Netegrity Inc.
 #39;Toba outlook for GDP down It sounds worse than it is. RBC Financial Group has downgraded Manitoba #39;s GDP prospects for 2004 to 3.1 from 4.1, blaming weaker than expected employment growth and a bad summer for farmers.
Corning Shares Drop in Europe on 3rd-Quarter Charge of \$2.9 Bln Shares of Corning Inc., the world #39;s largest maker of glass used in flat-panel televisions, fell as much as 5.7 percent in Europe after the company said it will take a charge of as much as \$2.
Yankees rally in 12th, even series They knew all about this haunted house in the Bronx and about the ghosts that come out around midnight in October. But until last night, the Minnesota Twins hadn #39;t lived the nightmare themselves.
Pac-10 notebook: All eyes on USC-Cal showdown Uh, actually Rodgers was talking about the prospect of ESPN #39;s  quot;GameDay quot; coming to Los Angeles for the Cal-USC game Saturday.
Blasts kill 39 in central Pakistan Two bombs exploded at a religious gathering in Pakistan early Thursday, killing at least 39 people and injuring over 100, police.(Xinhua/AFP Photo).
Burma clouds Asia-Europe talks Leaders from 38 Asian and European countries are in Vietnam #39;s capital Hanoi for the fifth Asia-Europe summit. The European delegations say they will use the meeting to protest against the 
Election  #39;There to Be Won #39;, Says Howard Mr Howard has dismissed claims his party needed a miracle to seize power from Labour. And today he said the Tories could win the election.
Bolivians Vote in Municipal Elections Bolivians voted Sunday in municipal elections that polls predicted would see indigenous and peasant organizations gaining ground on the traditional political parties that have long dominated the nation.
Study of Cell Breakdown Captures Nobel Two Israelis and one American won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their work on how a cell breaks down proteins that are damaged or have outlived their usefulness.
Critical Gene a Suspect in Lethal Epidemic By recreating the influenza virus that killed up to 50 million people in 1918-19, researchers may have identified the gene that turned it into one of the most lethal in human history.
For Flu Shots, Smaller Supply, More Concern With the nation facing a vaccine shortage, an uncertain allocation of prevention - who will get a shot and who will not - began in earnest.
Genetic Map Created for First Breed of Cattle Scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, giving researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products.
Music Industry Sues 459 European Net Song-Swappers (Reuters) Reuters - The piracy-battered music industry said\Thursday it will sue British, French and Austrian music fans\for the first time as it intensifies its legal crackdown on\Internet song-swappers.
FCC staff OKs Cingular-AT amp;T Wireless (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - Agency commissioners hope to issue a final ruling on the deal by the end of the month.
Conway: Ellison's Genghis Khan (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - PeopleSoft's CEO admits to starting a campaign to smear Oracle right after announcement of the deal.
Genesis Samples Arrive at Space Center (AP) AP - Thousands of samples from the Genesis space capsule have arrived at the Johnson Space Center, where the project's curator must assemble a giant jigsaw puzzle that could hold clues to the origins of the solar system.
Face-off in gaming olympics Computer gamers from around the planet are gathering in San Francisco for the World Cyber Games.
AP: Ex-Colombian Rebels Seen As Farmers (AP) AP - Rebels and paramilitary fighters who have laid down their arms in Colombia could soon be slaughtering hogs and cultivating blueberries if a proposal by members of Congress succeeds.
Blair in Ethiopia to outline vision for Africa (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to outline his personal vision for the future of Africa at a meeting of the organisation he set up to spur development efforts in the region.
Two Koreas Discuss Road, Rail Links Across Border (Reuters) Reuters - Military officers from Seoul and\Pyongyang met Thursday to discuss rail and road links through\the Demilitarised Zone, ending a three-month break in two-way\talks, but North Korea dodged making any clear pledge over key\issues, the South Korean defense ministry said.
Ameircan deaths The Pentagon has released the names of the following US service members killed recently in Iraq. As of Saturday, at least 1,269 members of the military have died since the Iraq war began in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count.
Bush, Kerry Health Care Plans Differ (AP) AP - Although a raucous debate over national security has dominated the presidential campaign, President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry differ even more sharply on how to provide better health care to more Americans.
GOP Must Decide Fate of Hurricanes Bill (AP) AP - Top congressional Republicans must decide the fate of a  #36;14 billion package for victims of hurricanes and drought, with the approach of Election Day leaving both parties in particularly generous moods.
Blair: Time for Excuses on Africa Is Over  ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (Reuters) - British Prime Minister  Tony Blair is to say Thursday that the time for excuses on  Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will  turn the continent's problems into a global priority.
Dozens killed in Pakistan blasts Pakistani troops patrol the city of Multan after bomb blasts at a Sunni gathering left 39 people dead.
Ivorian exile's gardener killed An employee of Ivory Coast opposition leader Alassane Ouattara is found dead in suspicious circumstances.
Peru TV staff quit in Toledo row Peruvian TV journalists resign after claims of electoral fraud sparked an angry outburst by President Toledo.
UK music to 'sue online pirates' The UK music industry is set to prosecute people who swap music illegally over the internet.
Hepburn papers donated to library Movie scripts and personal letters belonging to the late star Katharine Hepburn are to go on show.
For His Royal Playfulness, Goats, Sheep, but Nary a Toy King Oyo of Uganda celebrated the ninth anniversary of his coronation last month. But at 12, he just wants to be a kid.
Kerry Would 'Weaken' U.S., Bush Says The president leveled his toughest attack on John F. Kerry, warning that his Democratic challenger "would weaken America and make the world more dangerous."
Grim Picture of Gaza's Mayhem  GAZA CITY -- Jumaa Saqqa, a senior physician at Gaza's Shifa Hospital, shuffled through a thick stack of photographs like a deck of playing cards. These are cherished possessions -- pictures of friends and neighbors, babies and children, famous people, militants, elderly men and women. Occasionally his eyes lit up as if he'd found an ace, and he flipped the picture on the desk.
Israeli, American Chemists Win Nobel  Two Israelis and an American won the Nobel Prize in  Chemistry yesterday for discovering the method by which cells tag proteins that are defective or have outlived their usefulness and direct them to the cellular machinery that grinds them up into reusable parts.
Man Pleads Guilty in Passport Case   Soliman S. Biheiri, the only person convicted in a broad probe into whether Islamic charities in Northern Virginia were financing terrorist organizations, pleaded guilty yesterday to illegally possessing and using a U.S. passport to enter the United States last year.
All Options Open for OPEC Meeting - Iran  TEHRAN (Reuters) - All options, including cutting quotas,  are up for discussion when OPEC ministers meet in Cairo this  week to plan their response to a sharp fall in prices, Iran's  Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh said Monday.
Stern switches to unfiltered Saying he #39;s  #39;tired of the censorship, #39; the shock jock announces he #39;s abandoning traditional broadcasting and going over to satellite.
Crude oil prices hit all-time high in after-hours trading Crude oil reached a new high in Asian trade Thursday, hitting \$52.38 US per barrel as the market took stock of reports of a possible strike in Nigeria and the sluggish revival of output in key Gulf of Mexico oil fields following hurricane 
News Corp adopts raft of governance changes to secure move to US SYDNEY : Global media giant News Corp caved in to investor pressure and adopted a series of corporate reforms aimed at averting a shareholder revolt over its plan to relocate from Australia to the US state of Delaware.
IMF: High Oil Price a Threat for Years Tight oil supplies could leave the global economy worryingly vulnerable for years to come, a senior International Monetary Fund official said on Thursday.
Music Industry Sues 459 European Net Song-Swappers The piracy-battered music industry said Thursday it will sue British, French and Austrian music fans for the first time as it intensifies its legal crackdown on Internet song-swappers.
A-Rod #39;s magical moment YORK -- This is the night we saw beyond the dollar signs, the night Alex Rodriguez morphed from simply stylish to sublimely substantive.
Everton duo left frustrated Scotland defender Gary Naysmith has admitted that his lack of action at Everton has added to Berti Vogts #39; list of worries. Injuries have already robbed the Scots of Jackie McNamara, Malky Mackay and Nigel 
Paul Abbandonato, Western Mail SIR BOBBY ROBSON believes Craig Bellamy can strike fear into the England camp in Saturday #39;s crunch World Cup showdown at Old Trafford.
Australia all out for 474 Bangalore, Oct. 7 (PTI): Australia were all out for 474 in their first innings after lunch on the second day of the first cricket Tests at the M Chinnaswamy stadium here today.
Drug Smugglers Blamed in Afghan Attack KABUL, Afghanistan Oct. 7, 2004 - The Afghan government on Thursday blamed drug smugglers not Taliban or al-Qaida fighters for a bomb attack on interim leader Hamid Karzai #39;s vice presidential running mate 
Car bomb kills dozens at Pakistani rally for outlawed leader MULTAN, PAKISTAN - At least 39 people were killed and nearly 100 injured when a car bomb exploded in Pakistan #39;s central city of Multan during a celebration marking the first anniversary of the death of an outlawed Sunni Muslim leader.
Iraq Again In The Forefront as Australian Election Approaches Australia #39;s election campaign is in its final stages, with the country #39;s role in Iraq again a major talking point. Australian Prime Minister John Howard says he does not need to apologize for joining last 
Martinez Ends Losing Steak as Red Sox Beat Angels (Reuters) Reuters - Pedro Martinez pitched seven\strong innings to end his losing streak and lead the Boston Red\Sox to an 8-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels in the second\game of an American League Division series on Wednesday.
Clijsters Doesn't Need Wrist Surgery (AP) AP - Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters will not play again this season, but won't need surgery for her latest wrist injury.
Today's schedule College field hockey: Fitchburg St. at Endicott, 3:30 p.m.; Regis at UMass-Dartmouth, 3:30 p.m.; Lasell at UNew England, 3:30 p.m.; Saint Anselm at Stonehill, 4 p.m.; Bentley at AIC, 4 p.m.; Gordon at Nichols, 4 p.m.; Trinity at Eastern Conn., 4 p.m.; Dartmouth at UNH, 7 p.m.; Merrimack at UMass-Lowell, 7 p.m.; Anna Maria at Clark, 7 p.m.
Olympic star Phelps right back at it Michael Phelps will attempt a racing schedule nearly as ambitious as what he did at the Olympics. But this time he won't be swimming as far. Six weeks after winning six gold medals and two bronzes in Athens, the 19-year-old will swim six events in a 25-meter pool at the World Short Course Championships that begin today in Indianapolis. Phelps ...
OK, so Ellison is not a sociopath... Craig Conway, the ex-boss of PeopleSoft, admitted yesterday that he may have over-reacted to the attempted takeover of his firm by Oracle.
Santander bank says trial order based on illegitimate request &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano has said a court order to open a trial against its chairman Emilio Botin and other bank executives was based on illegitimate requests.
Tax bill modified; Harkin, Grassley disagree A key issue in the \$140 billion bill involves removing Food and Drug Administration regulation from tobacco products. Updates in tax law to help agricultural cooperatives.
Google to Sell Books Online Google has launched a new search technology that helps publishers sell books online. The service, called Google Print, will be incorporated into Google search queries.
Genesis Samples Arrive at Space Center Thousands of samples from the Genesis space capsule have arrived at the Johnson Space Center, where the project #39;s curator must assemble a giant jigsaw puzzle 
Steamrolling Houston flattens Atlanta ATLANTA - Major League Baseball #39;s regular season officially closed last Sunday. Somebody forgot to tell the Houston Astros. The team that came from nowhere to capture the National League wild card came from 
Miller: Better to fade away than burn out If anybody knows about burnout, it #39;s Johnny Miller. Now the straight-shooting color analyst for NBC #39;s golf coverage, Miller had 18 PGA Tour titles before his 30th birthday, including two major championships 
UPDATE 2-McGrath strikes after Clarke, Gilchrist tons Michael Clarke made a sparkling 151 on his debut and captain Adam Gilchrist 104 to put Australia in command against India in the first test on Thursday.
Is The Burden too much for Texas to handle? Never mind cover boy Adrian Peterson, the quarterback with a Heisman at home, the stifling defense or the sideline genius of Bob Stoops.
Ernie and Sammy: Opposites, a fact Ernie Banks was 35 when Cubs manager Leo Durocher first tried to bench him. Banks was starting to age and was struggling during spring training in 1966.
EU Gives Turkey Green Light In addition to praising the reforms Turkey undertook in the five years since it obtained the status of candidate country in 1999, the report also gives Turkey the green light to start membership negotiations.
Hamas leader calls for fair mediation SHTOURA, Lebanon -- A senior Hamas official expressed hope yesterday that the United States and the European Union would be fairer in mediating the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, but he said his group would continue its resistance even if a Palestinian state is established.
US seeks to fine spyware makers American lawmakers are close to outlawing the making of spyware that smuggles its way on to your PC.
'No experiments' for SpaceShipOne Burt Rutan, the man behind X-Prize winner SpaceShipOne, says the craft will not be used for scientific space experiments.
Banks boosting mortgage rates TORONTO -- Canada #39;s big banks raised long-term mortgage rates by more than one-tenth of a point yesterday, reflecting the higher cost of borrowing in the bond market.
A cost cutter takes over VW brand FRANKFURT Volkswagen, plucking a fallen star from a rival carmaker, announced Wednesday that Wolfgang Bernhard, a former DaimlerChrysler executive known for his cost-cutting skills and new-product flair, would take over its ailing flagship car brand.
Angola, IMF talk to re-launch aid A senior Angolan official has said negotiations between the Angolan government and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to unblock aid are making good progress and a formal accord 
Builders take a breather in August Canada #39;s housing industry is still firmly on track for another year of record home building despite an unexpected drop in building permits during the month of August, Statistics Canada reported Wednesday.
10 soldiers, driver killed in bomb attack SRINAGAR -- A roadside bomb killed 10 Indian soldiers and their civilian driver yesterday in Indian-controlled Kashmir in the most devastating attack by separatist guerrillas since India's government began withdrawing troops from the disputed region last month. Witnesses said the blast ripped the sport utility vehicle apart, killing everyone, including an Indian Army major. The explosion left a crater several ...
Internet file-sharers under fire The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) will announce it is taking legal action against illegal internet file-sharers for the first time today.
459 Net song-swappers sued LONDON: The piracy-battered music industry said on Thursday it will sue British, French and Austrian music fans for the first time as it intensifies its legal crackdown on Internet song-swappers.
Grand Prix agreement close Jackie Stewart is confident that the British Grand Prix will go ahead as normal next year. Formula Ones governing body announced last week that there would be no race in Britain in 2005 because of a cash-wrangle with the owners of Silverstone.
Els is always a bridesmaid Despite passing Tiger Woods in the world rankings, he still is No. 2, now behind Vijay Singh. By BOB HARIG, Times Staff Writer. The pursuit has been long and exhausting and at times depressing.
Sosa #39;s home runs may have gone to his head I never thought I #39;d say this, but I #39;m ashamed to be a Sammy Sosa fan. Sosa #39;s 2004 season was one of struggle. The 35-year-old missed 36 games with various injuries, including back spasms caused by a violent sneeze.
UK #39;s Straw Expects Turkey #39;s Talks With EU to Start in January Britain expects the European Union to start membership talks with Turkey in January, when Luxembourg assumes the EU #39;s rotating presidency, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said.
Mbeki on Ivory Coast peace trip BOUAKE, Ivory Coast -- President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa traveled yesterday to the rebel-held north of Ivory Coast, telling cheering crowds that his peacemaking efforts were designed to improve the life of all people in the former French colony and economic hub of West Africa.
CORRECTED - Reuters to make Bangalore biggest employment hub (Reuters) Reuters - In BANGALORE story headlined "Reuters to make Bangalore biggest employment hub", please read in second paragraph ... its workforce of 14,700 ... instead of ... 14,900 (corrects number).
DeLay Is Again Rebuked on Ethics (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; House Majority Leader Tom DeLay (R-Texas) was unanimously rebuked by the ethics committee Wednesday for involving a federal agency in a Texas partisan matter and staging a fundraiser in a way that appeared to link access to the congressman with political donations.
Prof Pursued by Mob of Bloggers A Utah professor finds himself the target of an unexpected flood of hate mail after posting a report defending the disputed Bush National Guard memos. The incident is one of many examples of the power of bloggers acting in unison. By Staci D. Kramer.
Robotic Fish Gather Data, Prize Naomi Ehrich Leonard trains robotic fish to swim the oceans and glean information. The fish also helped her pick up a \$500,000 'genius' prize from the MacArthur Foundation. Read the first in a series of Wired News profiles featuring MacArthur winners. By Kari Lynn Dean.
Induce Act Talks Sputter Technology industry reps say they failed to reach consensus with the entertainment industry on language for the proposed Induce Act, which would make it illegal to encourage copyright infringement. By Katie Dean.
Hot Wheels Hit the Road It's cute, tiny and plastic. The kids love it. It also gets 70 miles per gallon, and you can fit three in a single parking spot. Move over, Mini: The Smart microcar could be the next big thing on America's roads. By Douglas McGray from Wired magazine.
NASA Hedges Bets on Hubble The space agency taps Lockheed Martin and MD Robotics to build robotic technology it may use to repair the ailing Hubble Space Telescope. By Amit Asaravala.
RFID Driver's Licenses Debated Virginia legislators are weighing a plan to add biometric data and radio signal emitting chips to licenses to prevent identity theft and thwart terrorists. Critics say the plan could compromise privacy and allow new varieties of fraud to flourish. By Mark Baard.
Italy seeks Libya migrant deal Italy's leader Berlusconi heads for Libya to discuss how to stem the flow of migrants trying to reach Italy.
France moves US plutonium south France sends plutonium from scrapped US nuclear warheads south under heavy guard to be reprocessed.
Three children missing on moors Three children from a care home are missing on the Lancashire moors after they are separated from a group.
Findings on Iraq by 2 UN arms inspectors The findings released yesterday by Charles Duelfer, the chief UN arms inspector in Iraq, strengthened preliminary findings of his successor, David Kay.
Satellite radio #39;s a tough sell: There #39;s stuff to buy, fees to pay The news that shock jock Howard Stern is jumping from free AM/FM radio to pay satellite radio has brought instant attention to the young medium.
Fannie Mae Execs Testify on Hill Description: Top Fannie Mae executives defend the company #39;s accounting practices in Congress. CEO Franklin Raines denied allegations the company had manipulated its books, telling lawmakers the controversy 
Google planning big things with Books and GMail Google has not had anything big for us since it went public some time ago. Now, it is back with some news that could worry biggies like Amazon and Barnes and Noble.
Record industry targets 28 music up-loaders Legal action is being taken against 28 people in the UK for illegally swapping music over the internet, the British Phonographic Industry announced today.
Remembering Gordon Cooper NASA mourns the loss of Mercury astronaut Gordon Cooper, who rocketed into space in his Faith 7 capsule on May 15, 1963 (above, right).
World #39;s largest LCD TV developed The Sharp Corp. of Japan has developed the world #39;s largest liquid crystal display (LCD) color television. The television has a 65-inch screen, far bigger than the 45 inches that 
Clarke leaves India reeling India #39;s batsmen made a less than ideal start to their first innings in Bangalore, losing two wickets for just 34 runs after Australia finished strongly to build a commanding lead.
Montoya fears cancelled GP qualifying Formula Ones top stars are braced for bad weather this weekend in the Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka. Weather forecasters predict a typhoon will hit Suzuka on Saturday in time to wreck qualifying and the 
Israeli forces kill two Palestinian children in Gaza Two Palestinian children were killed Thursday by Israeli fire in the Jabaleya refugee camp in northern Gaza as Israel #39;s bloody offensive enters its ninth day.
Second helping Remember this about Johnny Damon dubbing his happy-go-lucky band of brothers a bunch of idiots. He never meant their baseball IQ bordered on brainless.
Ahead in the count, they know nothing's guaranteed The temptation is overwhelming. Go ahead, admit it. You're fighting it as you read this. You are thinking this series is over.
Yankees rally in 12th, even series They knew all about this haunted house in the Bronx and about the ghosts that come out around midnight in October. But until last night, the Minnesota Twins hadn't lived the nightmare themselves. Now, they have.
Brown will get the call for Game 3 And the Yankees' mystery pitcher for tomorrow's Game 3 is . . . Kevin Brown , who got the nod yesterday over Javier Vazquez , whose last few outings have been shaky.  quot;It took us a while, quot; conceded manager Joe Torre , who went with Brown (10-6, 4.09) based on his playoff experience (11 games) and last ...
Late show: New York does it again They play to the last out in the Bronx, you know. The Minnesota Twins were agonizingly close to heading home with a 2-0 series lead. But funny things can happen when ballgames reach the 12th inning and pitchers are out there doing things they don't ordinarily do. And so after watching the Twins reach their tiring reliever ...
No mistaking formula One way to compete with a team whose payroll is more than \$100 million dollars more than yours is to do all you can to make sure you're not going to beat yourself.
Fall guys are up to their old tricks ANAHEIM, Calif. -- So, just what was it Curt Schilling said in Pedro Martinez's ear when he put an arm around him in the Sox dugout last night?
Under constant glare, Francona cool on hot seat The job is utterly and completely thankless -- unless you win the World Series. When October rolls around, the manager of the Boston Red Sox undergoes more scrutiny than the governor, the mayor, and the cardinal combined.
Colon a load for opponents That arm. Oh, yeah, now you're talking. Any discussion of all things Bartolo Colon centers on his powerful right arm, which he first began to whip into shape when he was a kid in Altamira, Dominican Republic, heaving sticks and stones and all available bric-a-brac to bring down coconuts.
Schilling keeps eye on ankle The folks at  quot;Jimmy Kimmel Live quot; hoped Curt Schilling would stop by Tuesday for an appearance after he led the Red Sox past the Angels in Game 1 of the Division Series. But they ran into a couple of problems, including Schilling winding up at a local hospital to undergo a second round of X-rays on his ...
Bullpen came undone The Angels' bullpen, a collection of arms expert in dishing out misery all season, took lead roles in their own ugly production of Les Miserables here last night in Game 2 of the American League Divison Series.
Unilever to close UK Birds Eye plant, 600 jobs lost LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Anglo-Dutch giant Unilever (UK:ULVR) said it will close its Birds Eye frozen food brand factory in Grimsby, UK with a loss of 600 jobs.
Home sales should dip California #39;s median home price will maintain its record pace next year, reaching above \$500,000 for the first time, but appreciation will ease as sales fall to their second-highest level, according to a forecast released Wednesday.
UK record labels to sue song-swap pirates Record companies in the UK are for the first time to sue music fans who download tracks illegally from the internet. The British Phonographic Industry, the trade body for record labels in the UK, is to announce 
 #39;No experiments #39; for SpaceShipOne Burt Rutan, the man who designed and masterminded the X-Prize winning SpaceShipOne, says the craft will only be used for people, not experiments.
Monti: Courts must rule on MS anti-trust Mario Monti, the outgoing European competition commissioner, has told Microsoft that  quot;the time for settlement has passed quot; on the anti-trust charges the company faces.
Beard, Phelps highlight short course swimming field Olympic medalists will take another bow and several hopefuls for the 2008 Beijing Games will take out some frustrations for the next five days at the World Short Course Swimming Championships in Indianapolis.
Fergie to get United seat? Malcolm Glazer is set to offer Sir Alex Ferguson a more powerful role at Old Trafford in return for the Scots support of the American tycoons planned takeover at Manchester United.
Europeans welcome qualified yes for Turkey talks to join EU Supporters found plenty of reasons to cheer the European Unions recommendation of yesterday for talks to begin on making Muslim-majority Turkey a member.
Cambodia #39;s King Says He Is Stepping Down Cambodia #39;s ailing King Norodom Sihanouk has issued a statement of abdication following nearly a year of self-imposed exile. Citing previous health concerns and a  quot;new and serious ailment, quot; the long-ruling 
UN Challenges Israel on UNRWA Terror Link Claims Israel is holding 25 UN employees in the Palestinian West Bank or Gaza but has not charged any with a crime or even told the United Nations of their detention, UN officials said on Wednesday.
US eyes cut in troops in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan -- The United States could cut its forces in Afghanistan next summer if Taliban militants accept an amnesty to be drawn up by President Hamid Karzai and neighboring Pakistan, the senior US commander in Kabul said yesterday.
Google enters online bookstore market US search engine Google.com launches a new search service, Google Print, Wednesday (Oct. 6). The service will allow users to search books and help publishers promote their books online for free.
Record industry target 28 music downloaders the British Phonographic Industry is taking legal actionagainst 28 people in Britain for illegally swapping music over the internet.
Suse 9.2 goes mobile with Bluetooth and power management The update includes complete manuals, 90-day installation support, both 32-bit and 64-bit versions (including Intel #39;s EMT architecture) and around 3,500 packages.
Agents search Will County office in permit probe More than two dozen federal agents with subpoenas spent five hours Wednesday searching the Will County land use department #39;s computer records in an investigation related to building permits.
Headed for a fall? Hot tracking technology oversold, analysts say Tracking inventory using inexpensive radio tags is one of the hottest technologies in supply chain management, with promising applications in retail and many other sectors.
India make disastrous start, lose 4 wickets India have made a disastrous start to their reply to Australia #39;s first innings total of 474 runs on day two of the first Test against India in Bangalore.
Dueling backs get their day Reggie Bush is the player who makes the difference for USC. Marshawn Lynch waits his turn at Cal. These two young athletes are linked by rare talent and Saturday #39;s showdown at the Los Angeles Coliseum.
Can Warriors be Memphis West? 10-man rotation a possibility La Jolla , San Diego County -- Fittingly, a team expected to rely on its depth has plenty of backup when discussing its depth. Vice president Chris Mullin, general manager Rod Higgins and assistant coach Mario 
Too much auditing, not enough auditors (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Two weeks ago Monday was a lousy day for Julianne Biagini, chief financial officer of a Sunnyvale wireless company.
Will Howard Stern deal turn satellite into a star? com October 7, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. Potty talk could be just what the fledgling satellite radio industry needs to become a viable, mainstream business, industry analysts said Wednesday 
Airbus Attacks Washington #39;s WTO Challenge Airbus SAS on Thursday attacked a US decision to file a World Trade Organization complaint against subsidies received by the European aircraft maker.
Cigarette Maker Agrees To Limit Hip-Hop Marketing Theme ALBANY, NY -- The makers of Kool cigarettes have settled lawsuits claiming it was targeting black youths. RJ Reynolds Tobacco Company agreed to limit a hip-hop marketing campaign following lawsuits by attorneys 
Housing prices expected to keep rising in  #39;05 The price boom that #39;s pushing home purchases beyond the reach of middle-wage households in San Diego County will continue in 2005, according to a forecast released yesterday by the California Association of Realtors.
Qualcomm loses suit over chips After a year-and-a-half legal battle, Texas Instruments has won the right to continue using Qualcomm #39;s patented cell-phone technology without paying royalties.
Google to begin indexing books If you want to hit the books online - you can point your Internet browser to hit the online search engine Google. The site is inviting publishers to include entire books in its index.
File-sharers face the music in crackdown The BPI, the UK record industrys trade association, is targeting people who make their music collection available on the internet, illegally, for other web users to share.
Sony Woos The Fox With the war on for the next-generation DVD disk format, Sony, Matsushita Electric Industrial, Sharp and other companies are considering developing 8cm (3 inch) Blu-ray discs compared with the standard 12cm discs.
Court case looms over LCD patent In a move that could affect the future prices of many products using LCD technology, Honeywell has announced that it has filed suit against 34 companies for alleged LCD-related patent infringement.
Induce Act Talks Sputter After four days of painstaking negotiations, technology and consumer groups said they have failed to reach a consensus with the entertainment industry on the language of the Induce Act, a proposed bill making it illegal to encourage copyright infringement 
Mark Cuban prompts dot-com redux com October 7, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
MLB: Yankees Even Series with Twins The Major League Baseball playoffs continued Wednesday, with the series opener between the Houston Astros and Atlanta Braves and the second games of the best-of-five series between the New York Yankees and Minnesota Twins and the Boston Red Sox and 
Silverstone date can be saved - Sir Jackie SIR JACKIE Stewart is optimistic that Silverstone can take its place on next years Formula One calendar. Talks between Formula One chiefs and Silverstones owners are understood to be at an advanced stage 
Loss from the jaws of victory painful A year ago, the Twins lamented the day off that followed their victory against the Yankees in Game 1 of the American League Division Series.
US gives blessing #39; to road map freeze An Israeli army tank moves into the Gaza Strip, Oct 6. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s  quot;unilateral disengagement quot; plan means  quot;the freezing of the peace process quot; with US permission, a senior Sharon aide said Wednesday.
The Conflict Over War The United States is fighting a war in Iraq and Americans are divided over whether it #39;s right. The war is a huge issue in the 2004 presidential election.
Car Bombing Kills 40 at Pakistan Religious Rally  MULTAN, Pakistan (Reuters) - At least 40 people were killed  and more than 100 wounded when a car bomb exploded at a rally  to commemorate an assassinated militant religious leader in  central Pakistan early Thursday, police said.
Oil Sets New Highs on Winter Fuel Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into fresh record  territory above \$52 on Thursday on heightened concerns over  tight winter heating fuel supplies.
Stocks Seen Flat with Oil Above \$52  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open flat on  Thursday under pressure from the surge in oil prices and  lackluster September sales reports from U.S. retailers.
Europe Stocks Hug 5-Month Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares notched up a fresh  five-month high on Thursday, helped by miners as base metal  prices shot to multi-year peaks and by German utility giant  E.ON  on news of an asset sale in Norway.
News Corp. Assures Investors on U.S. Move  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Buckling under investor pressure, Rupert  Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd. agreed on Thursday to stick to  Australia's tough corporate governance standards when it moves  its legal base to the United States.
Zale Sees Deeper Loss, Hurricanes Hurt  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jeweler Zale Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ZLC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ZLC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said its quarterly loss would be deeper than expected and sales  at stores open at least a year would be flat to down 1 percent,  hurt by the recent string of hurricanes in Florida, the U.S.  Southeast and Puerto Rico.
Reuters Makes Bangalore Biggest Info Hub  BANGALORE (Reuters) - Financial news and information  provider Reuters Group Plc said on Thursday it plans to make  Bangalore its biggest information-gathering hub, employing up  to 1,500 people, or 10 percent of its total workforce.
Energy Dept. Predicts Rise In Winter Bills Most households and businesses will pay more for heating this winter as the prices of crude oil and other energy sources continue to rise.
Stocks to Open Lower Before Jobs Report NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen opening lower as traders show caution in advance of Friday's key jobs report, though big retail sales news Thursday could push stocks early...
Oil prices reach new record highs past 52 dollars World oil prices bolted up to new record summits beyond 52 dollars on markets nervous about tight global supplies with winter looming in the northern hemisphere.
UK interest rates remain at 4.75 UK interest rates have been kept on hold at 4.75 following the latest meeting of the Bank of England #39;s rate-setting committee.
Israel Holding 25 U.N. Workers At least 25 Palestinian U.N. workers have been detained by Israel for as long as two years under charges Israel refuses to reveal, U.N. officials said Wednesday.
CA set to buy Netegrity for 241m Computer Associates plans to buy security software firm Netegrity, in a deal valued at \$430 million (241m). The acquisition will strengthen the firm #39;s position in the IT security market and builds on last 
UK Music Industry Sues File Sharers The UK music industry has today launched a  #39;rolling program of legal action #39; against illegal downloaders, the first of its kind in the country.
Astros pound Braves (10/07/04) The Houston Astros took game one of their NL Division Series, setting team playoff records for runs and homers in a 9-3 pounding in Atlanta.
Japan Open smiles on Hewitt and Sharapova Top seeds Lleyton Hewitt and Maria Sharapova did their best in the second round, but could only win in three sets at the \$860,000 Japan Open.
UK bank mulls rival proposal for Man Utd The head of a British investment bank, Seymour Pierce, is considering a financial restructuring of Manchester United as a possible rival proposal to a planned takeover by US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer, a British newspaper reported today.
FOOTBALL: DO THE MATHS, THIS IS A TITMUSS-T WIN GAME FOR US, BOSS WHEN Berti Vogts hands Abi Titmuss her morning muesli, I hope the old terrier has a grin from ear to ear. But I #39;d rather the Scotland boss racked up points on the table than notches on the headboard.
Some California beamin' for BC ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Everybody came here to represent. The Cali Contingent of Boston College's basketball team -- junior Craig Smith of Los Angeles, Sean Marshall of Rialto, and Jared Dudley of San Diego -- had quite a bit of incentive in last night's 74-64 victory over UCLA in the Wooden Classic before a crowd of 14,027 at Arrowhead Pond.
Web blunder boosts Bush bashers Dick Cheney has accidentally given a boost to opponents by wrongly recalling a website address.
Monti Reflects On Evolution Of Antitrust He was vilified in U.S. industry and government circles for blocking the merger of General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc. in 2001 after the Justice Department had approved it. And when the European Union directorate he heads ordered Microsoft Corp. to remove a key feature from its Windows operating system, the U.S. antitrust community convulsed again.
Urging Fact-Checking,  Cheney Got Site Wrong Vice President Cheney dropped a dot-bomb Tuesday night when he inadvertently directed millions of viewers of the vice presidential debate to an Internet site critical of the Bush administration.
Va. Licenses Could Go High Tech Virginia lawmakers are considering a futuristic plan to embed computer chips in driver's licenses, making the cards harder to counterfeit by criminals or terrorists and placing the state at the forefront of a national debate about trade-offs between security and privacy.
Electronic Nose NASA researchers are developing an exquisitely sensitive artificial nose for space exploration.
IT departments turn to gateways to manage IM Since early 2001, Media General Inc. management had been encouraging employees in its interactive division to use America Online Inc.'s AIM public instant-messaging network, but by early 2003, the company's IT department was very concerned about the unmonitored and unmanaged use of IM.
UConn crushes Crusaders From Staff And Wire Service Reports Connecticut coach Geno Auriemma keeps a list of 14 goals he wants his young basketball team to achieve in each game, and the Huskies accomplished nine of them yesterday.
ATI Technologies 4th-Qtr Profit Doubles as Sales Rise (Update1) ATI Technologies Inc., the world #39;s second-biggest maker of computer-graphics chips, said fourth- quarter net income more than doubled, helped by sales of graphics- enhanced cell phones and high-definition televisions.
Costco #39;s 4Q Profit Beats Outlook Costco Wholesale Corp., the largest wholesale club operator in the United States, said Thursday that fourth-quarter earnings rose 24 percent to beat Wall Street expectations, but revenue for the period was light.
NASCAR fouled up punishment Much of America still needs an interpreter to wade through the interviews at NASCAR races. Theyre so packed with technical talk, car numbers, jargon, good ol boyisms and corporate plugs that by the end 
Arena in the swim MANCHESTER was celebrating another huge sporting coup today after winning the right to hold the world short course swimming championships.
Myanmar, EU draw lines in the sand The showdown between Myanmar #39;s military regime and the European Union at the upcoming Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) of Asian and European leaders has been propelled into one 
Guinea-Bissau troops in barracks, talks to resume Dissident troops who killed two army chiefs and seized key buildings in Guinea-Bissau #39;s capital told soldiers to stay in their barracks on Thursday while talks to resolve the standoff continued.
New Technology Helping Volcanologists (AP) AP - Geologist David Johnston wouldn't have died on Mount St. Helens today. New equipment developed since the 1980 eruption of the volcano has made it possible for volcanologists to take better measurements without hiking up the volatile mountain, a requirement 24 years ago that cost Johnson his life.
Wal-Mart Same-Store Sales Up 2.4 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, on Thursday said sales at stores open\at least a year rose 2.4 percent in September, slightly higher\than its preliminary report but still toward the low end of its\forecast range.
Wal-Mart Same-Store Sales Up 2.4 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, on Thursday said sales at stores open  at least a year rose 2.4 percent in September, slightly higher  than its preliminary report but still toward the low end of its  forecast range.
Stocks Seen Lower; Retailers, Oil Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were seen opening  lower  on Thursday as rising oil prices and lackluster September sales  reports from retailers weighed on the market.
Oil prices reach new record highs past 52 dollars LONDON : World oil prices bolted up to new record summits beyond 52 dollars on markets nervous about tight global supplies with winter looming in the northern hemisphere.
Marriott #39;s 3rd-quarter profits surge Marriott International, the largest US hotel operator, Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 45 as room rates grew faster than occupancy for the first time in three years.
Volkswagen hires former Chrysler executive to head namesake brand LONDON, October 7 (newratings.com) - Volkswagen AG (VOW.ETR) has appointed Wolfgang Bernhard, a former Chief Operating Officer at DaimlerChrysler #39;s Chrysler unit, to turn around the sales of the Volkswagen brand, which accounts for half of the company #39;s 
Property tax payers get a break for now As property tax bills hit Chicago mailboxes next week, most will deliver a lighter thud than before. Don #39;t get too excited -- that thud will gradually get heavier.
Update 1: Freeze Is Upheld on Yukos Subsidiaries A Russian court on Thursday rejected an appeal by the Yukos oil company seeking to overturn a freeze on the accounts of the struggling oil giant #39;s core subsidiaries.
IBM Adds Downtime Safety To WebSphere IBM has added a new feature to WebSphere Application Server designed to help safeguard Internet business applications against outages.
Pressley Out of Scotland Squad Scotland manager Berti Vogts has suffered another setback ahead of the World Cup qualifiers against Norway and Moldova with the news that Steven Pressley has pulled out of the squad.
Russia will continue its nuclear energy cooperation with Iran MOSCOW A senior Russian official says his country is going to continue its nuclear energy cooperation with Iran in spite of concern that Tehran could be trying to develop atomic weapons.
ASEM enlarged to 39 members HANOI : The Asia-Europe Summit Meeting was enlarged on Thursday to include the European Union #39;s 10 new members as well as three Asian nations -- Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar.
Andreessen: Microsoft to make IE more competitive SAN FRANCISCO -- The success of alternative browsers such as Mozilla Foundation's Firefox may ultimately have an unexpected side effect, causing Microsoft Corp. to be more aggressive in leveraging its dominance of Internet client software, said Marc Andreessen, one of the founders of the browser company that Microsoft beat out in the late 1990s, Netscape Communications Corp.
European Commission restarts clock on Oracle-Peoplesoft BRUSSELS -- The European Commission has restarted its investigation into Oracle Corp.'s hostile bid to acquire PeopleSoft Inc. and will issue its judgement by early November at the latest, it said on Thursday.
Richardson lifts Suns PORTLAND, Ore. -- Quentin Richardson made eight 3-pointers and scored 37 points, sparking the Phoenix Suns to a 121-99 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers last night.
Here come the judge: Simon's a 'Shrek' extra (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A guest ogre has been recruited for the Shrek 2 DVD. It's none other than that caustic Brit Simon Cowell of TV's American Idol  doing what he does best: passing judgment.
ECB, Bank of England Leave Key Rates Alone (AP) AP - The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at 2 percent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-nation euro zone may be sputtering.
Blair to Address Roots of Africa Problems (AP) AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday warned that poverty and instability in Africa is providing a fertile breeding ground for terror and criminal organizations.
Tokyo Stocks End Lower on Profit Taking (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as investors took profits after five straight sessions of gains. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Google Offers New Book-Search Feature Online search leader Google Inc. is becoming more bookish. Expanding a program introduced last year, Google is inviting publishers to include entire books in its index, enabling people to peak at the contents before making a decision on whether to buy.
Satire Sequel Parodies U.S. Newsmakers From the creators of the political satire sensation "This Land" comes a sequel set to the tune of "Dixie."
On-Demand Video Game Services Vary Internet downloads are nothing new when it comes to buying music and software online. So why does video game shopping still mostly involve either shlepping to a store or waiting for the delivery truck after you order online?
Canada defends submarine fleet Canada defends its decision to buy second-hand submarines from Britain, after the death of a crewman.
Cricket: Aussies watch India tumble Australia take control of the first Test, reducing India to 150-6 after posting 474.
EU threatens new Burma sanctions The EU is set to impose new sanctions against Burma, overshadowing a summit of Asian and European leaders.
'Come and join us' urges Howard Michael Howard brings his party's annual conference to a close with a pitch to Labour and Lib Dem voters.
\$40,000 Library Mural Misspells Names LIVERMORE, Calif. - It didn't take a nuclear physicist to realize changes were needed after a \$40,000 ceramic mural was unveiled outside the city's new library and everyone could see the misspelled names of Einstein, Shakespeare, Vincent Van Gogh, Michelangelo and seven other historical figures...
Austrian Novelist Jelinek Wins Nobel Prize STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Austrian novelist, playwright and poet Elfriede Jelinek, 57, won the Nobel Prize in literature, the Swedish Academy said Thursday, citing her ability to reveal "the absurdity of society's cliches and their subjugating power."   The decision to award the prize to a woman - and a poet - was the first since 1996, when Polish poet Wislawa Szymborska won. Since the prize was first handed out in 1901, only nine women have won it...
House Left to Wrestle With 9/11 Bill WASHINGTON - Senate passage of a bill to enact the Sept. 11 commission's terror-fighting recommendations now puts the focus on the House, where getting Republicans and Democrats to agree on the legislation may be more difficult...
Airbus attacks Washington #39;s WTO challenge PARIS Aircraft maker Airbus is attacking a US decision to file a World Trade Organization complaint over subsidies Airbus. Airbus today says the US complaint shows that Washington is unwilling to negotiate 
European Central Bank Leaves Rates Alone The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at 2 percent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-nation euro zone may be sputtering.
Markham #39;s ATI Tech triples profit MARKHAM (CP) - Graphics chip maker ATI Technologies Inc. says its fourth-quarter profit almost tripled to \$61.2 million US as revenue soared 50 per cent.
Marriott 3Q profit jumps 45 No .1 hotel operator earns 55 cents a share, in line with estimates, as room rates rise 4. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marriott International Inc.
Wal-Mart September Sales Up 2.4 Percent Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, on Thursday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.4 percent in September, slightly higher 
Unilever to axe 600 jobs at frozen food factory LONDON : Unilever, the Anglo-Dutch consumer products giant, is to close a frozen-food plant in Grimsby, northern England, next year with the loss of 600 jobs, a spokesman said.
Home prices still soaring, Realtors say Bee Staff Writer. A continued housing shortage will push California #39;s median home resale price up by a double-digit percentage again next year even as interest rates rise and sales slow, the 
SF investment adviser penalized A San Francisco investment adviser for mutual funds will pay \$30 million to settle charges that it secretly allowed favored clients to conduct frequent short-term trading, in violation of the funds #39; rules and in exchange for extra fees, regulators said 
Kodak sues Sun for \$1 billion Sun Microsystems, maker of the wildly popular Java programming language, got handed a stunning and potentially expensive defeat in court when a federal jury declared that Sun #39;s Java infringed upon Kodak #39;s intellectual property.
Astros, Red Sox, Yankees Win In Baseball Playoffs Clemens, who couldn #39;t pitch the season finale for Houston because of a stomach virus, pitched seven strong innings to help the Houston Astros to a 9-3 win over Atlanta in the first game of their National League Division Series.
Scotland defender Pressley ruled out of qualifiers Scotland defender Steven Pressley is the latest player to drop out of a depleted squad for the World Cup qualifiers with Norway and Moldova.
Seahawks Slant Coach Mike Holmgren labels the matchup of the Seahawks #39; defensive line vs. the St. Louis Rams #39; offensive line the game within the game when the NFC West frontrunners square off Sunday at Qwest Field.
Simms Signals Start of Future In some ways, Jon Gruden #39;s decision to replace quarterback Brad Johnson with Chris Simms is similar to a baseball manager changing pitchers after the infield has made three errors.
Turkish press eyes road to EU Turkey #39;s press is dominated by comment on the European Commission #39;s recommendation that the EU open accession talks with Ankara.
EU threatens new Burma sanctions The European Union is set to impose new sanctions against Burma, according to the EU #39;s Dutch presidency. The EU warned last month that it would take action against Burma unless human rights improved before 
UK #39;s Blair Calls for EU Force for Africa Clashes (Update2) UK Prime Minister Tony Blair called for the European Union to develop the capability to deploy troops to Africa within 10 days by next year, part of plans to fight poverty, disease and war in the region.
European Central Bank holds rates steady The European Central Bank has left its key interest rate unchanged, taking more time to gauge the effect of soaring oil prices on the inflationary outlook and slow economic recovery.
Unilever to Close UK Plant With Loss of 600 Jobs (Update1) Unilever, the world #39;s largest maker of food and soap, will close its Birds Eye plant in Grimsby, England, leading to the loss of 600 jobs at the UK #39;s biggest producer of frozen foods.
Housing sales to slow a bit The torrid pace of home sales across the Bay Area and the state will cool next year, but prices will stay on an upward trajectory, according to a real estate trade group.
Reuters looks to make India job hub Financial news and information provider Reuters Group PLC plans to make Bangalore its biggest worldwide employment center in order to become more competitive, executives said Thursday.
Reuters Makes Bangalore Biggest Info Hub (Reuters) Reuters - Financial news and information\provider Reuters Group Plc said on Thursday it plans to make\Bangalore its biggest information-gathering hub, employing up\to 1,500 people, or 10 percent of its total workforce.
J.C. Penney Same-Store Sales Rise 2 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - J.C. Penney Co. Inc. said on Thursday\its September sales at department stores open at least a year\rose 2 percent.
Jobless Claims Drop Despite Hurricane  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of people filing  first-time claims for U.S. jobless insurance fell 37,000 last  week despite continued elevated applications in Southeast  states struck by a rash of hurricanes, the government said on  Thursday. 
Wal-Mart September Sales Up 2.4 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, on Thursday said sales at stores open  at least a year rose 2.4 percent in September, slightly higher  than its preliminary report but still toward the low end of its  forecast range.
J.C. Penney Same-Store Sales Rise 2 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - J.C. Penney Co. Inc. said on Thursday  its September sales at department stores open at least a year  rose 2 percent.
Stocks to Watch on Thursday, October 7  CLOROX CO. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CLX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CLX.N&lt;/A&gt;:
Weekly Jobless Claims Fall Sharply The number of new applications filed last week for unemployment benefits fell sharply, offering a hopeful sign that the recovery in the job market may be gaining some steam.
Aide criticises Putin over Yukos The economic adviser to Russian President Putin tells a newspaper that chasing Yukos for tax bills was a "serious mistake".
Eurozone rates kept on hold The European Central Bank keeps eurozone interest rates unchanged at 2 for the fourteenth month in a row.
UPDATE: Reuters Chooses India As Hub For Global Data Ops NEW DELHI (Dow Jones)--Publishing Thursday joined the list of industries tapping into India #39;s outsourcing boom, with global business news provider Reuters Group PLC (RTRSY) announcing plans to turn Bangalore into a hub for its data operations.
Honeywell Sues 34 Companies Over LCD Patent The lawsuit claims the companies use a patented Honeywell technology for brightening images and reducing interference on displays.
Open-source community cuts Netline #39;s development time Software company Netline claims its decision to open source the latest version of its email server platform has reduced the development time for the new release by a factor of 10.
SEATTLE HOPE TO MAKE HISTORY The Seattle Seahawks finished two games behind the St Louis Rams in the NFC West last season. But with a victory over the Rams on Sunday at Qwest Field, the Seahawks will take complete control of the division.
Bulger hurt, but Rams win ST. LOUIS -- Steven Jackson ran for 119 yards on 26 carries, his first career 100-yard game, to help the St. Louis Rams compensate for Marc Bulger's shoulder injury in a 16-6 victory over the San Francisco 49ers yesterday. Jackson, the first running back taken in this year's draft, took advantage of Marshall Faulk's bruised left knee to get his ...
Asian, European Leaders Gather in Vietnam for Annual Summit Leaders from 38 Asian and European nations are gathering in Vietnam for a summit of the Asia-Europe Meeting, know as ASEM. One thousand delegates are to discuss global trade and regional politics during the two-day forum.
Google feature offers pages of books online (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Internet search giant Google, quiet since going public in August, introduced a feature Wednesday that lets users search through pages of books online. Google is taking aim at online retailer Amazon.com, which offers similar technology on its e-commerce site.
Details emerge in Honeywell's suit against Apple (MacCentral) MacCentral - Honeywell on Wednesday announced that it has filed suit in federal court against Apple Computer Inc. and more than thirty other companies, alleging infringement over a 1994 patent that describes technology used to improve the quality of images shown on a Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) panel. MacCentral has obtained a copy of the documents Honeywell filed on October 6, 2004 in U.S. District Court for the district of Delaware.
Will Microsoft Makes Its Browser Better? (PC World) PC World - Success of alternative apps like Firefox may be putting pressure on the software giant.
Conway acknowledges slamming Oracle (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A subdued Craig Conway admitted Wednesday that he responded to a hostile takeover bid for the company he led, PeopleSoft (PSFT), with a campaign of "vilification" aimed at Oracle (ORCL) and its chief executive, Larry Ellison.
Green, Chiefs not half bad OAKLAND, Calif. -- Trent Green completed 14 of 15 passes after halftime for 229 of his 340 yards and hit Eddie Kennison for a tiebreaking 70-yard touchdown with 2:04 left in Kansas City's 34-27 victory over the Oakland Raiders yesterday. Kennison's game-winning catch came at the 35-yard line, then he ran out of the grasp of rookie safety Stuart Schweigert. ...
Love DRM or my family starves: why Steve Ballmer doesn't Get It Ballmer digs pit, inserts whole MS strategy, keeps digging
Tornado kills four, injures hundreds in central Bangladesh (AFP) AFP - Four people died and hundreds were injured when a tornado bore down on a field where a large number of Muslim devotees had gathered to pray in central Bangladesh, police said.
T-Mobile brings Wi-Fi to Borders' UK stores Thumb through the book - then buy a clean copy from Amazon
Sadr Aide Freed as Iraq Seeks Pre-Election Calm  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. military freed a top aide to  rebel Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Thursday in a gesture  that could help the interim government's efforts to calm  rebel-held strongholds before elections due in January.
A giant win for Redskins LANDOVER, Md. -- Stop the game and have a parade. The Washington Redskins finally scored 20 points. The big moment occurred with 41 seconds left in the first half of yesterday's rout of the New York Giants, when tight end Robert Royal caught Patrick Ramsey's 9-yard pass. Royal's first career touchdown gave the Redskins a 21-0 lead on the way ...
Afghans Say Trouble Inevitable But Won't Stop Vote  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai vowed on  Thursday that a historic presidential election would go ahead  in two days' time and reflect the people's wishes despite  inevitable attempts by Taliban fighters to derail the vote.
Africa's Woes Make It Haven for Terrorists - Blair  ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Poverty and conflict in Africa have  made it a refuge for terrorists, British Prime Minister Tony  Blair said on Thursday at a summit in Ethiopia he hopes will  turn the continent's problems into a global priority.
'Violence can't stop Afghan poll' The Afghan government says it is confident that presidential elections will go ahead despite threats of violence.
Satire Sequel Parodies U.S. Newsmakers NEW YORK - From the creators of the political satire sensation "This Land" comes a sequel set to the tune of "Dixie." The online animation "Good To Be in DC!" features the presidential and vice presidential candidates along with Attorney General John Ashcroft, CBS News anchor Dan Rather, filmmaker Michael Moore, talk show host Rush Limbaugh and Jane Fonda.   "In This Land,' you had basically (President) Bush and (John) Kerry," said Evan Spiridellis, who co-produced the cartoons with his brother, Gregg...
Jobless Claims Decline Sharply Last Week WASHINGTON - The number of new applications filed last week for unemployment benefits fell sharply, offering a hopeful sign that the recovery in the job market may be gaining some steam.    The Labor Department reported Thursday that the number of new people signing up for unemployment insurance benefits dropped by a seasonally adjusted 37,000 to 335,000, the lowest level since the beginning of September...
Austrian Novelist Jelinek Wins Nobel Prize STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Austrian feminist writer Elfriede Jelinek won the Nobel Prize in literature, the Swedish Academy said Thursday, citing her "musical flow of voices and counter-voices in novels and plays."   The decision to award the prize to a woman, and a poet, was the first since 1996, when Wislawa Szymborska of Poland won. Since the prize first was handed out in 1901, only nine women have won it...
Epsom Salts Could Reveal History of Water on Mars BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Epsom-like salts believed to be common on Mars may be a major source of water there, say geologists at Indiana University Bloomington and Los Alamos National Laboratory...
Space Tourism Faces Governmental Safety Regulations By JOHN ANTCZAK     LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Thrill seekers are plunking down six figures to ride rockets that haven't even been built yet, and a new airline called Virgin Galactic promises to be up and soaring in the next three years. Still, the budding space tourism industry faces a myriad of safety concerns - in the sky and on the ground - that must be resolved before any paying passenger takes off...
Genesis Mission Samples Arrive at Space Center By PAM EASTON     HOUSTON (AP) -- Thousands of samples from the Genesis space capsule have arrived at the Johnson Space Center, where the project's curator must assemble a giant jigsaw puzzle that could hold clues to the origins of the solar system.    Wafers on five collector panels that broke into thousands of pieces when the capsule slammed into Earth last month secured samples of atoms and ions from solar wind...
NASA Software Allows Satellites to Troubleshoot in Space Goddard Space Flight Center -- NASA scientists recently successfully radioed artificial intelligence (AI) software to a satellite. They tested the software's ability to find and analyze errors in the spacecraft's systems...
Airbus battle lands at WTO SEATTLE -- US trade authorities, prodded by The Boeing Co., reignited a long-dormant trade war Wednesday by filing a complaint before the World Trade Organization accusing the European Union of buoying aircraft maker Airbus with \$15 billion in illegal 
ECB and Britain leave rates alone despite inflation fears The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at two per cent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-country euro zone may be sputtering.
Update 1: Texas Instruments May See Wireless Boost The court ruling that ended a yearlong legal battle between Texas Instruments Inc. and Qualcomm Inc. could boost TI #39;s presence in the wireless sector, analysts say.
Stocks to Watch on Thursday, October 7 The US cleaning products maker has agreed to buy back a 29 percent stake from Germany #39;s Henkel KGaA (HNKG_p.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) .
Unisys plans to cut 1,400 workers Unisys Corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, or nearly 4 percent of its work force, and consolidate some facility space, moves that will help yield annualized savings of about \$70 million a year by 2005.
Clampdown on music pirates London - An international music industry group said on Thursday it was launching hundreds of lawsuits across Europe accusing people of piracy for illegally sharing music on the internet.
Will Microsoft Makes Its Browser Better? The success of alternative browsers such as Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox may ultimately have an unexpected side effect. It may be causing Microsoft to be more aggressive in leveraging its dominance of Internet 
Details emerge in Honeywell #39;s suit against Apple Honeywell on Wednesday announced that it has filed suit in federal court against Apple Computer Inc. and more than thirty other companies, alleging infringement over a 1994 patent that describes technology 
Love DRM or my family starves: why Steve Ballmer doesn #39;t Get It Last Sunday Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer kicked off this week #39;s European tour by sitting down with a small group* of British journalists and dispensing pearls of wisdom, notably on the future of Apple in home networking (it has none, natch, says Steve).
Yahoo Tests Personal Search Yahoo became the latest search engine to try its hand at personalized search, unveiling tools Tuesday that let searchers save and edit search results.
FAMILIAR FOE FOR MARIUCCI Jim Mora Jr and Steve Mariucci are familiar with each other from their days with the San Francisco 49ers. Mora was defensive co-ordinator under Mariucci with the 49ers and the two will renew old acquaintances 
COLTS LOOK FOR MOMENTUM After surviving the roughest part of their schedule, the Indianapolis Colts look poised to build some momentum. The Colts aim for their fourth straight win on Sunday when they host the Oakland Raiders, who are trying to snap an 11-road-game losing streak.
Red Sox Cruise Into 2-0 Lead Over Angels (Reuters) Reuters - Pedro Martinez pitched seven\innings and Manny Ramirez drove in the go-ahead run with a\sacrifice fly to power the Boston Red Sox to an 8-3 win over\the Anaheim Angels in the American League Divisional Series\(ALDS) Wednesday.
2 US Soldiers Killed in Iraq US military officials in Iraq say two US soldiers were killed in separate incidents late Wednesday. One soldier was killed and two others were wounded in an attack on their convoy near the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah.
Myanmar among new Asia-Europe forum members An Asia-Europe forum has accepted Myanmar and 12 other new members ahead of a summit strained by Yangon #39;s human rights record and detention of democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi.
Cambodia #39;s King to Step Down Cambodia #39;s ailing King Norodom Sihanouk has issued a statement of abdication following nearly a year of self-imposed exile. Citing previous health concerns and a  quot;new and serious ailment, quot; the long-ruling 
Bledsoe, Bills keep rumbling MIAMI -- In a shootout worthy of Dan Marino and Jim Kelly, Drew Bledsoe threw four touchdown passes, and the Buffalo Bills forced seven Miami turnovers to maintain their late-season surge by beating A.J. Feeley and the Dolphins, 42-32, yesterday. Feeley threw three touchdown passes, all in the first 12 1/2 minutes. He also had a hand in six turnovers, ...
Adults and Kids Urged to Skip Flu Shot By CATHERINE TSAI     DENVER (AP) -- While officials across the nation are urging healthy adults and schoolchildren to skip their annual flu shot, parents are mulling their options.     The news that British regulators have shut down a major flu-shot supplier carries particular concern in Colorado, which was the epicenter of last year's flu season with 12,885 reported cases and the deaths of 12 children...
Whole Foods Creates New Gluten-Free Product Line By MARGARET LILLARD     MORRISVILLE, N.C. (AP) -- The scents of molasses, sugar and ginger hang in the air like an invitation to sin as Lee Tobin shows off his new bakery...
Red Sox Cruise Into 2-0 Lead Over Angels  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Reuters) - Pedro Martinez pitched seven  innings and Manny Ramirez drove in the go-ahead run with a  sacrifice fly to power the Boston Red Sox to an 8-3 win over  the Anaheim Angels in the American League Divisional Series  (ALDS) Wednesday.
CA offers usage-based pricing for mainframe tools Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) introduced a usage-based pricing and licensing option for its mainframe management products on Thursday, aligning its offerings with IBM Corp.'s On Demand model.
IBM promotes open source in India BANGALORE, INDIA -- IBM Corp. has partnered with a computing and an educational institution in India to promote the development of open-source software in the region, the company said Thursday.
Dollar Up on Jobless Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar edged higher on Thursday  after a report showed first-time claims for U.S. unemployment  dropped steeply, but traders said its significance for Friday's  widely anticipated payrolls report was limited.
Costco Profit Up 24 Percent, Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Costco Wholesale Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COST.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COST.O&lt;/A&gt;  reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit and a healthy  rise in September sales on Thursday, sending its shares up 2  percent in pre-market trading.
Wal-Mart September Sales Rise 2.4 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, on Thursday said sales at stores open  at least a year rose 2.4 percent in September, slightly higher  than its preliminary report but still toward the low end of its  forecast range.
Will Microsoft Makes Its Browser Better? Success of alternative apps like Firefox may be putting pressure on the software giant.
New Technology Helping Volcanologists Predict Eruptions By WILLIAM McCALL     VANCOUVER, Wash. (AP) -- Geologist David Johnston wouldn't have died on Mount St...
NASA Develops Revolutionary Cockpit Display Technology NASA -- Imagine seeing clear skies all the time. It's not some weather fantasyland, but a revolutionary cockpit display technology being developed by NASA to make flying safer...
Retailers Report Modest Gains in September Consumers spent frugally for a fourth straight month in September, giving major retailers modest gains during the critical back-to-school season.
Surf's up for Hutchinson CHICAGO -- Chad Hutchinson, who was surfing in California a little more than two months ago, made his first Chicago start a memorable one yesterday, throwing three TD passes to lead the Bears past the Minnesota Vikings, 24-14. Minnesota (7-5) saw its playoff chances hurt for the second straight year by a late-season loss to the Bears.
ATI Technologies boosts outlook MARKHAM, Ont. (CP) - Graphics chip maker ATI Technologies Inc. is boosting its outlook after fourth-quarter profit almost tripled to \$61.
Clemens Helps Astros Take 1-0 Series Lead Over Braves Roger Clemens pitched seven innings and Carlos Beltran homered, had three hits and scored three runs to help the Houston Astros rout the Atlanta Braves 9-3 in the opening game of their National League Divisional Series Wednesday.
Sandy Lane, take a bow My sincere congratulations to the management and staff at the Sandy Lane Hotel for making it possible for Barbados to receive such massive media coverage due to the recent wedding of Tiger Woods and Elin Nordegren.
Sharapova reaches Japan semifinals Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova had little trouble overcoming France #39;s Youlia Fedossova 6-3 6-4 to claim her place in the women #39;s semifinals at the Japan Open.
Manchester United Football Club confirm bid The Reds have announced the news following intense speculation that American sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer was ready to significantly increase his stake in the club.
Gailey: Ball still the starter Georgia Techs Reggie Ball walks toward the sideline during Saturdays loss to Miami. ATLANTA - There is no starting quarterback controversy at Georgia Tech.
Raiders notes: Wheatley says he #39;ll miss 2 to 4 weeks Bee Staff Writer. ALAMEDA - Raiders starting running back Tyrone Wheatley says he #39;ll be out up to a month - not that the team wants you to know.
My Yahoo Embraces RSS Feeds My Yahoo Embraces RSS Feeds\\I started using RSS in January 2000 after Blake Carver sent me a exasperated e-mail asking why, for heaven's sake, I wasn't using it. Surely, he noted, I could see that RSS was the greatest thing since sliced soap. (He may have used slightly different words.) ...
Google Books and GMail Plans Google Books and GMail Plans\\Google has not had anything big for us since it went public some time ago. Now, it is back with some news that could worry biggies like Amazon and Barnes and Noble. It has decided to get into book selling business. The service is called Google ...
User-Guided Search Refining in Google User-Guided Search Refining in Google\\Despite the fact that the Google API hasn't been updated in over two years, people keep doing Cool Things with it. The latest Cool Thing I've seen is the very nice MyGoogleSearch ( http://www.mygooglesearch.com ). The idea behind this hack is that you can take the ...
Update 1: Costco 4Q Earnings Up 24 Pct. to \$296.8M Costco Wholesale Corp. #39;s earnings rose 24 percent in its latest quarter, lifted by improvement in both net sales and membership fees which more than offset a minor accounting charge.
Cognos reassigns N. America chief after indictments Cognos Inc. has reassigned its North America operations chief after he was indicted by a grand jury in San Diego in connection with a financial scandal at Peregrine Systems Inc.
Corning Plans to Take 3Q Charges of \$2.8 Billion to \$2.9 Billion CORNING, NY -- Corning Inc. (GLW) plans to record \$2.8 billion to \$2.9 billion in noncash charges in the third quarter to impair goodwill and investments in its struggling telecommunications segment and establish a deferred-tax valuation allowance.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - Net calling service Skype: Simple, free, not perfect (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - VoIP, or Voice over Internet Protocol, may be geek speak for calls routed through cyberspace. But for many consumers, VoIP translates into ever-cheaper and sometimes feature-rich telephone alternatives. Consider the Skype service I've been testing. It lets members talk free from one computer to another.
Nintendo Says 12 DS Games to Debut in Japan (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nintendo Co. Ltd. said on\Thursday it will make available 12 software titles for its new\"DS" handheld game console when the dual-screen machine debuts\in Japan on Dec. 2.
Google steals a page from Amazon #39;s book search Frankfurt/London  Reuters News Service, 7 October 2004 - Google yesterday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
TSMC says chip sales softening PURE PLAY foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) said in a statement it had noticed a decline in wafer sales in September, compared to August.
Kodak vs Sun suit moves forward The penalty phase of Eastman Kodak #39;s Java patent lawsuit against Sun Microsystems starts this morning, and the outcome could cast a shadow over the future of the Java programming language.
CA delivers industry #39;s first virus protection solution for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Johannesburg, 7 October 2004 - Computer Associates International, Inc (NYSE: CA) today announced general availability of eTrust Antivirus for Microsoft Windows XP Embedded - the industry #39;s first virus protection solution designed specifically for 
McGrath has India reeling Glenn McGrath claimed three wickets, Michael Kasprowicz two and Shane Warne bagged the all-important scalp of VVS Laxman to reduce India to 150 for 6 wickets by the end of Day 2 in the first Test against Australia at the Chinnaswamy stadium in Bangalore 
Major ankle op for Thomas Chicago White Sos slugger Frank Thomas could miss the start of next season after undergoing surgery on his left ankle. The 36-year-old, nicknamed  quot;Big Hurt quot;, had debris removed from the joint, underwent a 
Scientists Puzzled by Synchrony of Migratory Birds (Reuters) Reuters - They rarely see each other, spend\winters in different countries and don't communicate for long\periods but pairs of a species of Icelandic migratory birds\know exactly when to return home to breed.
Nintendo Says 12 DS Games to Debut in Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nintendo Co. Ltd. said on  Thursday it will make available 12 software titles for its new  "DS" handheld game console when the dual-screen machine debuts  in Japan on Dec. 2.
September Storms Left Retailers All Wet  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. retailers, including Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, reported lackluster September sales on  Thursday, as warm weather and string of hurricanes that  battered the East Coast dampened buying.
Star-Power Surge for Satellite Radio Shock jock Howard Stern's decision to jump ship from traditional radio gives a boost to the emerging technology of blasting tunes, news and other staples of AM and FM radio via satellite. \ &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Conspiracy Theories Flourish on the Internet Darren Williams has his suspicions about 9/11 and he's attracting hordes of readers to his Web site interested in his unorthodox ideas about the attack.
Retailers Report Modest Gains in September Consumers spent frugally for a fourth straight month in September, giving major retailers only modest gains during the critical back-to-school season.
Investing With Borrowed Dimes Only invest on margin if you know what you're doing -- and maybe not even then.
Flu Vaccine Failure Spotlights Faulty System By PAUL ELIAS     SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- The crisis in the nation's flu vaccine supply has led to renewed calls to modernize a half-century-old manufacturing system that relies on millions of chicken eggs and a lot of educated guesswork.    Because it takes at least six months to produce the annual flu vaccine, no manufacturer can replace the 46 million shots Chiron Corp...
Israeli Military Kills Three Palestinians in Gaza  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed two Palestinian  teenagers and a gunman in the Gaza Strip on Thursday as the  Israeli army pressed ahead with its biggest and bloodiest  offensive in Gaza for four years.
Oil Prices Again Hit Record Highs in US Oil prices have hit record highs in the United States for the third straight day in early trading Thursday, amid continuing concerns about the supply of crude oil.
EU warns of evidence against harmful US aerospace subsidies The European Union warned the US ambassador to the WTO Thursday that the EU had abundant proof that US aerospace subsidies are harming European competitors by undercutting prices and causing them to lose markets.
ECB keeps rates steady despite surging oil prices BRUSSELS - European Central Bank left its key interest rate at a post-war low of two percent Thursday with ECB chief Jean-Claude Trichet playing down worries about weakening economic growth but warning about the risks posed by surging oil prices.
Interest rate is held at 4.75 Interest rates have been kept at 4.75 amid signs that five rises over the last year had finally put the brakes on house prices and consumer spending.
Bombardier Aerospace to cut 2,000 jobs Bombardier Aerospace said on Thursday it will cut about 2,000 jobs at its Montreal-area and Belfast operations and the severance costs linked to the layoffs will affect current year results.
Costco profit beats forecast Wholesale retailer shares jump on news profit beat expectations by 4 cents a share, sales up 11. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Costco Wholesale Corp.
ATI Technologies 4th-Qtr Profit Doubles as Sales Rise (Update2) ATI Technologies Inc., the world #39;s second-biggest maker of computer-graphics chips, said fourth- quarter profit more than doubled, helped by sales of graphics- enhanced cell phones and high-definition televisions.
Stronger provisions NEWS Corporation has agreed to retain its full foreign listing on the Australian Stock Exchange if shareholders approve the company #39;s proposal to shift to the US.
Update 1: Clorox, Henkel in \$2.8 Billion Deal Clorox Co. and Henkel KGaA have agreed to a \$2.8 billion stock swap and cash deal, in which Henkel will sell back its 29 percent ownership stake in Clorox in return for \$2.
Wal-Mart September Sales Up 10.8 Percent Retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Thursday that its net sales grew 10.8 percent in September, helped by a boost from its international division and strong sales at Wal-Mart locations.
Russia Could Finish Kyoto Approval by Year-End  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia could ratify the Kyoto Protocol  by the end of the year and kick-start global attempts to  control climate change, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zhukov  said on Thursday.
Crewman Critical as Canadian Sub Still Adrift  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A crewman rescued from a fire-damaged  Canadian submarine adrift in the Atlantic was moved to  intensive care in hospital on Thursday as his condition  worsened.
Crew face third night on fire sub The crew of a Canadian submarine drifting off the west coast of Ireland face another night at sea as rescue efforts continue.
Pope replaces sex scandal bishop Pope John Paul II accepts the resignation of an Austrian bishop over a porn scandal at a seminary in his diocese.
UN warns of 'growing Gaza crisis' A group of 12 United Nations agencies warn of an impending humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip.
Stocks Slip on Oil, Soggy Sept. Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday,  pressured by record oil prices, disappointing September sales  from retailers and a drop in drug stocks.
EU-US Plane Fight May Turn to Peace Deal  GENEVA (Reuters) - Washington and Brussels may have gone  for their guns in a fight over plane subsidies, firing off huge  tit-for-tat cases at the World Trade Organization (WTO), but  analysts say a peaceful deal may yet be done.
Google Print: The Next Big Thing NEW YORK - Yesterday, Howard Stern--who loudly claims to dominate media, but has rarely, if ever, added one iota to the sum of human knowledge--made waves by announcing he will move his act to another media.
Music piracy: What should be done? The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) is to take legal action against people who download music illegally from the internet. The organisation has said it will target individuals who make music available 
VoIP Gains Ground With Bank Of America Deal The largest voice-over-IP business deployment revealed to date presents new opportunities, for both the bank that #39;s using it and the services provider that #39;s implementing it.
Gilchrist #39;s follow-on fears AUSTRALIAN captain Adam Gilchrist admitted today he was spooked by the prospect of enforcing the follow-on because of Steve Waugh #39;s fateful attempt during the Calcutta Test of 2001.
A-Rod becomes a Yankee No matter how good or bad of a year Alex Rodriguez had this season in New York, his first year in pinstripes would ultimately be judged on how he performed in October.
Hawks face curse of byes KIRKLAND - Bye weeks provide NFL teams a welcome reprieve from the rigors of a 16-game season. For the Seahawks under coach Mike Holmgren, the down week has carried another meaning.
Woodgate suffers further injury setback Real Madrid centre-back Jonathan Woodgate had to retire from a practice match on Thursday after suffering a recurrence of his thigh muscle injury.
Grover #39;s making name with mane a huge mass of unruly brown locks perched upon his head that forced him to go up a helmet size -- or Purdue #39;s 4-0 start that has gotten him a little notoriety on campus.
Sosa reportedly fined \$87,400 The Chicago Cubs are not ignoring the fact that Sammy Sosa arrived late to last Sunday #39;s season finale, and then left early. The club announced Wednesday the slugger will be fined a day #39;s pay - or \$87,400, according to the Chicago Tribune.
German Press Review: A Long Way for Ankara German newspapers on Thursday commented on Turkey coming a step closer to fulfilling a 40 year old dream after the European Commission recommended that the EU begin membership talks with Ankara.
Blair Calls for EU Reaction Force for Africa Clashes (Update3) UK Prime Minister Tony Blair called for the European Union to develop the capability by next year to deploy troops to Africa within 10 days as part of plans to fight poverty, disease and war in the region.
Time for the UN to act on Irans nuclear program There is substantial evidence that Iran is developing a capability to manufacture nuclear weapons while claiming that it is only for peaceful power-generating purposes.
The choice: how the contenders shape up Mark Latham #39;s central pledge is to restore the rungs to his metaphorical  quot;ladder of opportunity quot; by giving tax relief and incentive to lower and middle-income earners, restoring bulk-billing levels, making schools funding fairer and based on need and 
Libya Deported 1,000 Egyptian Migrants from Italy Libya said today it had deported 1,000 Egyptian migrants back home after their controversial expulsion from Italy. Italy airlifted illegal immigrants to Libya this week in a bid to deter would-be asylum seekers 
UN Peacekeepers, Haitian Police Arrest 75 in Sweep UN peacekeepers and Haitian police say 75 people have been arrested during a sweep aimed at curtailing violence in the capital city of Port-au-Prince.
Defense keeps San Diego in charge SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Chargers' long nightmare is coming to an end. And if the Chargers do go on and break their eight-year playoff drought, they can thank their anonymous defense.
Sirius and Stern There is more to Howard Stern's migration to satellite radio than meets the FM dial's eye.
A Dazed and Confused America Many of us are bewildered by common documents -- with dangerous results.
Bank of America to cut 4,500 jobs beginning this month CHARLOTTE, NC - Bank of America said Thursday it will cut about 4,500 jobs beginning this month as a result of its merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Global strength repels oil surge Oil prices keep climbing but for the moment the economists are sticking to the line that the global and Australian economies will weather the storm.
Bank keeps interest rates on hold THE Bank of England #39;s monetary policy committee kept Britain #39;s 11m homebuyers, businesses and the City happy today when it left interest rates on hold at 4.75 for the second month in a row.
Retailers report modest gains in September Consumers spent frugally for a fourth straight month during September, giving major retailers modest gains during the critical back-to-school season.
BUTTON PLEADS FOR SILVERSTONE FUTURE Jenson Button today issued a passionate defence of Silverstone, insisting it would be  quot;devastating quot; if the British Grand Prix was axed.
Nalbandian loses at Japan Open Second-seeded David Nalbandian of Argentina lost at the Japan Open on Thursday, beaten by Gilles Muller of Luxembourg 7-6 (4), 3-6, 6-4 in the third round.
Zenit Eyes Lazio, Newcastle in Draw Zenit St. Petersburg faces the daunting prospect of being picked to play against Lazio, Newcastle United or Feyenoord in Tuesday #39;s draw for the inaugural group stage of the UEFA Cup.
Hill out for nine months London - Richard Hill, a key member of the long-established England World Cup-winning back row, will be out of action for up to nine months after knee surgery.
In Pakistan, 2 bombings kill dozens at Sunni rally MULTAN, Pakistan Two bombs planted in a car and motorcycle exploded at a gathering of Sunni Muslim radicals in central Pakistan before dawn Thursday, killing at least 39 people and wounding about 100 others in what police suspected was a sectarian attack.
UN to investigate terrorist link UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has dispatched a team to Jerusalem to look into allegations that a UN ambulance driver was filmed putting a Qassam rocket into his vehicle.
Investors back News revisions THE News Corporation Ltd has won the battle to gain local support for its move to the US after unveiling far-reaching concessions on corporate governance.
Stocks Fall on Climbing Oil Prices A disappointing retail sales report and the threat of oil prices reaching \$53 per barrel sent stocks lower Thursday in early trading.
Unisys to lay off 1,400 workers worldwide Unisys Corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, primarily in general and administrative areas, and consolidate its office space worldwide, it announced Wednesday.
Bombardier to Cut 2,000 Aircraft Jobs on Weak Demand (Update1) Bombardier Inc., the world #39;s third- biggest maker of commercial airplanes, said it will reduce production of its regional jets because of weak demand and cut about 2,000 jobs.
Taiwan Semi sales dip TSMC, the world #39;s largest contract chip maker, said Thursday its sales fell in September for the first time in 7 months and warned they could continue to drop as demand falters amid a broad industry slowdown.
Racing: Consortium claims it has agreed terms to keep Silverstone &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : A consortium, including former world champion Nigel Mansell, claims it has agreed terms to ensure Silverstone remains one of the venues for the 2005 Formula One world championship.
Hewitt survives at Japan Open, Sharapova advances Top seed Lleyton Hewitt was pushed to three sets by a Japanese player for the second day in a row at the \$860,000 Japan Open on Thursday.
Stephen Dunn/Getty Images com. Orlando Cabrera has already figured out how to part the Red Sea. With a three-run double in the top of the ninth, Cabrera sent waves of red-clad Angels fans to the exits.
Newcastle #39;s profits fall Newcastle United #39;s profits for the year ending July 31 dropped more than three million pounds (\$6.7 million Cdn) from the year before, the Premier League club said Thursday.
Clorox Helps German Soap Maker Buy Dial  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Henkel, the German soaps and  adhesives group, has shed its 29 percent stake in Clorox,  raising \$2.84 billion to pay for its purchase of U.S.  detergents and cosmetics maker Dial Corp.
Bengals finish strong BALTIMORE -- First, Carson Palmer tossed the ball all over the field during his finest day in the NFL.
ATI Technologies boosts outlook after Q4 profit almost triples to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Graphics chip maker ATI Technologies Inc. is boosting its outlook well above analysts #39; estimates after a strong fiscal fourth quarter in which profit almost tripled and revenue soared 50 per cent.
Partners said to support Lazard IPO Memo says offering has support, muting talk that some fear IPO will give bank head too much power. LONDON (Reuters) - Head of Lazard Bruce Wasserstein has  quot;near unanimous support quot; from the working partners 
Google Launches Google Print Researching things on the web is an essential part of everyday business - but too often books and other printed sources get left behind.
459 sued for file-sharing in Europe, 28 in the UK The European music industry today announced a major crackdown against file-sharing, the practice of sharing copyrighted songs over the internet using networks like Kazaa, with the filing of 459 suits against file-swappers, 28 of whom are British.
New Palm Handheld Features More Memory, No Wi-Fi The T5 is a slim and shiny business device that looks like a stretched-out T3 (3.1 quot; x 4.8 quot; x 0.6 quot; HWD, 5.1 oz), minus the slider design.
VoIP Gains Ground With Bank of America Deal The largest Voice-over-IP business deployment revealed to date presents new opportunities for both the bank that #39;s using it and the services provider that #39;s implementing it.
Woods scuba dives amid wedding reports Golfer Tiger Woods went scuba diving Tuesday off a yacht reported to hold Swedish fiance Elin Nordegren and guests, while Barbados #39; ritziest resort, Sandy Lane Hotel and Golf Club, prepared pagodas for a lavish celebration overlooking the Caribbean Sea.
Bank mulls rival proposal for Manchester United The head of a British boutique investment bank, Seymour Pierce, is considering a financial restructuring of Manchester United as a possible rival proposal to a planned takeover by US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer.
Bank of America Cutting 4,500 Jobs in Reorganization (Update3) Bank of America Corp., the third- biggest US bank, will cut 4,500 jobs in addition to the 12,500 positions it will eliminate as part of the purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
EU Confident In Aircraft Subsidy Dispute With US The European Union voiced confidence on Thursday that it could win its case against the United States at the World Trade Organization (WTO) over state aid for aircraft rivals Boeing and Airbus.
Eurozone rates on hold again The European Central Bank has left interest rates in the eurozone unnchanged for the sixteenth consecutive month. Despite a slowdown in the 12-nation zone, the bankers today (Thursday) decided not to adjust the rate of 2.
Bombardier Aerospace cutting 2,000 jobs in Montreal, Belfast; more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Bombardier Aerospace is cutting about 2,000 jobs - including 1,440 in the Montreal area - because of slowing demand for its Canadair Regional Jets.
Another son of Mondavi quits at the winemaker OAKVILLE, California A second Mondavi is loosening ties to the California winemaking company Robert Mondavi, which plans to divest its high-end wine assets.
Novell Packs More Power In New Desktop Release Novell today announced the November availability of SuSE Linux Professional 9.2, targeted at both unfamiliar users and open source enthusiasts, and compatible with standard 32-bit PC processors as well as AMD Athlon 64 and Intel Extended Memory 64 
Music Industry Group Launches Piracy Suits (AP) AP - An international music industry group said Thursday hundreds of lawsuits were being filed across Europe accusing people of piracy for illegally sharing music on the Internet.
Star-Power Surge for Satellite Radio (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Shock jock Howard Stern's decision to jump ship from traditional radio gives a boost to the emerging technology of blasting tunes, news and other staples of AM and FM radio via satellite.
Mount St. Helens Calms Down, Scientists Lower Alert (Reuters) Reuters - Government scientists said that\volcanic activity on Washington state's Mount St. Helens had\started to taper off and downgraded their safety warning on\Wednesday, following nearly two weeks of seismic activity and\steam eruptions.
Digital radio sales 13m 'by 2008' Thirteen million digital radios will be sold in the UK by the end of 2008, industry body DRDB predicts.
Dillon needed 1 to get 2 CLEVELAND -- In Corey Dillon's postgame interview with the media yesterday, the running back indicated he hurt his leg after he had gained 98 yards in the first half, but he wanted to go back in for 2 more yards and his seventh 100-yard game this season.
More than 53,000 Nigerians killed in three years of ethnic strife (AFP) AFP - Three years of fighting between rival Christian and Muslim ethnic groups in the central Nigerian state of Plateau has claimed 53,787 lives, a third of them children, the state administration said.
Minority Liberals to oppose Bloc amendment, put government on line (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin's minority government is set to put its political life on the line Thursday by opposing a Bloc Quebecois amendment to the throne speech.
Bush, Kerry have similar postwar strategies (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - President Bush says U.S. forces will stay in Iraq as long as necessary but no longer. John Kerry says he wants to bring U.S. troops home but will not "cut and run" before the country is stable. Despite differences over how the United States went to war, either man as president would pursue a similar strategy now, their campaign statements show.
Big Changes Likely in Bush Cabinet if He Wins (Reuters) Reuters - If President Bush defeats Democrat\John Kerry on Nov. 2, Republicans expect many new faces in a\second-term Bush Cabinet.
Afghans Say Trouble Inevitable But Won't Stop Vote  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai vowed on  Thursday that a historic presidential election would be  successfully held this weekend and reflect the people's wishes  despite inevitable sabotage attempts by Taliban fighters.
Parents Mull Flu Vaccines Amid Shortage DENVER - While officials across the nation are urging healthy adults and schoolchildren to skip their annual flu shot, parents are mulling their options. The news that British regulators have shut down a major flu-shot supplier carries particular concern in Colorado, which was the epicenter of last year's flu season with 12,885 reported cases and the deaths of 12 children...
U.S. Raises Alert in Baghdad's Green Zone BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two American soldiers were killed and two others were wounded in separate attacks involving roadside bombs, U.S. officials said Thursday, and 20 Iraqis were arrested in the north in operations against those suspected of planting explosives...
Bank of America reveals plans to lay off 4,500 Bank of America said Thursday it will layoff 4,500 employees as part of the companys ongoing integration of FleetBoston Financial.
News deal paves way for move GLOBAL media giant News Corp succumbed to intense institutional pressure yesterday and agreed to retain its full foreign listing on the Australian Stock Exchange if shareholders approved the company #39;s proposal to shift to the United States.
Clorox Helps German Soap Maker Buy Dial Henkel, the German soaps and adhesives group, has shed its 29 percent stake in Clorox, raising \$2.84 billion to pay for its purchase of US detergents and cosmetics maker Dial Corp.
Nintendo Says 12 DS Games to Debut in Japan Japan #39;s Nintendo Co. Ltd. said on Thursday it will make available 12 software titles for its new  quot;DS quot; handheld game console when the dual-screen machine debuts in Japan on Dec. 2.
Worley buys US partner WORLEY Group became a true global player in mining services yesterday with the acquisition of an American partner. The \$US245 million (\$A350 million) purchase of US-based Parsons E amp;C will turn Worley into a near billion-dollar business.
Honeywell LCD suit targets Apple, others Industrial conglomerate Honeywell International on Wednesday said it has filed a lawsuit against 34 electronics companies including Apple Computer and Eastman Kodak, claiming patent infringement of its liquid crystal display technology.
NBC Adding Delay to NASCAR Telecasts (AP) AP - NBC is adding a 5-second delay to its NASCAR telecasts after Dale Earnhardt Jr. used a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview last weekend.
Defense was up for challenge CLEVELAND -- The Patriots' defense wasn't tested much while the outcome was in doubt during a 42-15 victory over the Cleveland Browns yesterday. The Patriots allowed one first down and picked off a Luke McCown pass in taking a 14-0 lead in the first quarter.
Sosa Fined  #36;87,400 for Last-Game Bolt (AP) AP - Sammy Sosa was fined  #36;87,400  #151; one day's salary  #151; for arriving late and leaving early at the Cubs' regular-season finale at Wrigley Field.
Music Industry Group Launches Piracy Suits An international music industry group said Thursday hundreds of lawsuits were being filed across Europe accusing people of piracy for illegally sharing music on the Internet.
Chinese Prosperity Seen as Threat to Endangered Wildlife Many endangered species are under threat from growing prosperity in China, where exotic animals are butchered for gourmet banquets, exotic medicines or luxury goods.
Woodgate re-injures thigh during scrimmage Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Real Madrid and English international defender Jonathan Woodgate re-injured his left thigh during practice Thursday.
Now is the hour for Vogts From Mount Florida to Moldova, five days in which Scotland #39;s World Cup fate will be spinning like a top. Five days in which wee Berti could be king, could be clown.
FIFA Plans Show to Kick Off 2006 World Cup (AP) AP - The 2006 World Cup will break with tradition and begin with a separate show a day before the opening game.
Australian Voters Face Stark Choice on Iraq Australian Prime Minister John Howard gave his last nationally televised campaign speech today as he bids for a fourth three-year term.
Gaza battle rages ISRAEL #39;S deadly offensive in northern Gaza entered its ninth day with the Government vowing to press on until Palestinian rocket fire stopped.
Report: Cubs Fine Sosa \$87,400  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - Chicago Cubs slugger Sammy Sosa  has reportedly been fined \$87,400, equal to his salary for one  game, by the team for his decision to leave Sunday's season  finale early.
Hewitt Survives at Japan Open, Sharapova Advances  TOKYO (Reuters) - Top seed Lleyton Hewitt was pushed to  three sets by a Japanese player for the second day in a row at  the \$860,000 Japan Open Thursday.
Mauresmo Struggles Past Schnyder at Filderstadt  FILDERSTADT, Germany (Reuters) - New world number one  Amelie Mauresmo struggled to a 7-5, 6-4 victory over Patty  Schnyder in the second round of the Filderstadt Grand Prix on  Thursday.
Newark, NJ OKs Arena for Devils Hockey Team -- Paper  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Newark, New Jersey's City Council has  approved plans for a \$310 million hockey arena for the New  Jersey Devils, local newspapers said on Thursday.
Security Concerns Shelve MSN Messenger 7 Beta testers find flaws in a new feature of the instant messaging app.
Bank of America to Cut 4,500 More Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Bank of America Corp.  on\Thursday said it would increase the number of jobs it will cut\by 36 percent to 17,000 after its acquisition of FleetBoston\Financial as it simplifies operations.
Oil Hits \$53 High on Supply Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices set a new record at \$53 a  barrel on Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel  supplies and news that a strike in Nigeria could put some crude  exports on hold.
Storms Soak Retailers' September Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. retailers, including Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, reported lackluster September sales on  Thursday as warm weather and the string of hurricanes that  battered the East Coast dampened buying.
Bank of America to Cut 4,500 More Jobs   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of America Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BAC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BAC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said it would increase the number of jobs it will cut  by 36 percent to 17,000 after its acquisition of FleetBoston  Financial as it simplifies operations.
Oil Sets New \$53 High Supply Concerns  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices set a new record at \$53 a  barrel on Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel  supplies and news of an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil  terminals.
Dollar Dips Ahead of Greenspan, Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slipped on Thursday as  traders adjusted positions to neutral levels ahead of Friday's  key U.S. payrolls report but some analysts think the currency  is poised to rally against the euro.
Bank of America to Cut 4,500 Jobs Bank of America said Thursday it will cut about 4,500 jobs, or about 2.5 percent of its work force, beginning this month as a result of its merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Bank of America to Cut 4,500 More Jobs Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it would increase the number of jobs it will cut by 36 percent to 17,000 after its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial as it simplifies operations.
Sensitivity wins for News Corp The detail of the agreement News Corporation has struck with the Australian Council of Super Investors confirms the extent of the victory achieved by ACSI and its campaign partner, Corporate Governance International.
UPDATE 1-Smith Barney sees Delta bankruptcy soon Smith Barney analyst Daniel McKenzie on Thursday said he saw a high probability that Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , struggling to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy 
A nice opening act CLEVELAND -- Returning kicks is dangerous work. It is a job for adrenaline junkies and those overloaded with fast-twitch muscle fiber, because things are not always what they seem.
Netscape #39;s Andreessen Predicts New Browser Wars Ahead Alternative Web browsers like Safari and Firefox will grow in popularity and force Microsoft to respond by improving Internet Explorer, predicts Marc Andreessen, founder of Netscape Communications.
Viet Nam determined to fight illegal trade in wild animals and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bangkok (VNA) - The Vietnamese Government has shown its determination in the fight against the illegal trade in wild animals and plants as well as its goodwill in the implementation of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) by 
Microsoft Kicks Off SMB Partner Road Show Microsoft is taking its SMB show on the road. The software giant is using recreational vehicles to tour the United States, bringing in partners of Hewlett-Packard and Cisco.
Microsoft Fixes Key SP2 Issue Microsoft has issued an update for Windows XP SP2 to address installation problems caused by a third-party adware program, TV Media.
BBC Wants Help With Dirac Codec Number Ten Ox writes  quot;According to The Register the BBC wants help to develop their open source video codec Dirac.  #39;Lead developer Dr.
Bosses  #39;too trusting #39; of outsourcer #39;s security CEOs aren #39;t taking the care that they should with their customers #39; data when they outsource, according to a new survey of senior management.
Glazer - has yet to reveal his hand (Getty Images) Manchester United are not likely to find out if Malcolm Glazer intends to launch a takeover bid until next week at the earliest. The American business tycoon is widely believed to be pondering a bid for the 
 #39;A dream come true #39;, says Clarke Michael Clarke entered Australian folklore at the Chinnaswammy Stadium today, by converting his overnight 76 into a brilliant 151 on his Test debut.
Pakistan Bombing Prompts Ban on Gatherings MULTAN, Pakistan Oct. 7, 2004 - Pakistan announced a ban on religious and political gatherings nationwide after a bomb attack against Sunni Muslim radicals in a central city early Thursday killed at least 39 people and wounded about 100 others.
Cambodian Monarch Wants Out King Norodorn Sihanouk, known as much for his colorful personality as his controversial statesmanship, has been synonymous with Cambodia #39;s modern history for six decades.
Citigroup Takes On Intel The financial services giant takes over non-memory semiconductor chip production.
Pavano hears Yankees' sales pitch; next step Baltimore names The Carl Pavano tour across the American League wrapped up its New York engagement yesterday with the free agent righthander meeting with Yankees officials and Reggie Jackson . Pavano, who went to Yankee Stadium Saturday to meet with team trainers and video personnel, had dinner in Manhattan with Yankees president Randy Levine , general manager Brian Cashman , and ...
Unbeaten Auburn gets squeezed out of Orange ATLANTA -- It came down to simple math. Three teams trying to squeeze into two slots. No computer printout, no voter bias, no pleas by coaches could solve that problem for the Bowl Championship Series.
Bill Imposes Prison Time Over 'Spyware' (AP) AP - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw "spyware," irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
Spyware Bills Win House Approval (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Two bills designed to curb the proliferation of Internet "spyware" took another step toward law this week with overwhelming approval from the House of Representatives, but supporters said they face a tough race against the clock to get Senate approval before Congress disperses for the November elections.
Intel preaches gospel of mobile diversity &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Standardised phones? Pah!
Oil Prices Keep Rising The cost of a barrel of oil jumped more than 25 cents in just a few hours Thursday -- hitting \$52.53. .At this rate, the price could be aiming for the \$53 mark soon.
Sudan Resumes Peace Talks with Southern Rebels (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government and southern rebels\resumed talks on a final peace deal on Thursday amid fears that\tensions in the oil-producing south and the newer Darfur crisis\could plunge Africa's biggest country into chaos. Underscoring\the external pressures on Khartoum to end its 21-year-old\southern civil war, U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan's special\representative to Sudan, Jan Pronk, warned both sides not to\re-open previous agreements signed in May.
Celtics trip on first step in loss to Kings SACRAMENTO -- Celtics coach Doc Rivers knows the first game of an extended West Coast swing can set the tone for the entire trip. Boston can only hope its 119-105 loss to the Kings last night does not set a pattern for the remaining four games on the itinerary. Otherwise, the trip might seem a lot longer than the scheduled ...
Blair outlines 'immense and powerful' moral case for helping Africa (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair issued a clarion call for the world to help Africa free itself from poverty, disease and conflict, describing his personal crusade for the continent as  quot;the one noble cause worth fighting for quot;.
Sub tragedy may divert Martin's first major foreign tour as PM (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The tragic events aboard HMCS Chicoutimi may divert Paul Martin's first major foreign tour as prime minister.
Sudan Resumes Peace Talks with Southern Rebels  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Sudan's government and southern rebels  resumed talks on a final peace deal on Thursday amid fears that  tensions in the oil-producing south and the newer Darfur crisis  could plunge Africa's biggest country into chaos.
Spyware Bills Win House Approval Two bills designed to curb the proliferation of Internet "spyware" took another step toward law this week, but they are racing against the clock as Congress prepares to disperse for the November elections. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Tributes touch DNA pioneer's family The family of DNA pioneer Professor Maurice Wilkins has been touched by floods of tributes from around the world.
Nigerian clashes: '50,000 killed' The number of people killed in communal clashes in central Nigeria is far higher than previously thought, a new government study says.
Austrian Novelist Jelinek Wins Nobel Prize STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Austrian writer Elfriede Jelinek, a reclusive author whose feminism, leftist politics and pacifism are common themes in her works, won the Nobel Prize in literature Thursday for what the Swedish Academy called her "musical flow of voices and counter-voices in novels and plays."   Her most famous novel, "The Piano Teacher" in 1983, was adapted into a 2001 film by director Michael Haneke, although her other works are well-known in German-speaking countries and she is widely translated in French.    Jelinek, 57, told The Associated Press in Vienna she would not attend the Dec...
Recording Industry Broadens File-Sharing Wars The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry is firing up its campaign against illegal file-sharing with 459 legal actions against music uploaders.
BBC demos open-source codec The BBC has demonstrated an open source video codec named Dirac which it claims offers twice the bit rate of MPEG-2. According to a story on The Register, the new codec was revealed at the LinuxWorld exhibition 
Astros #39; aces trump Braves #39; depth Before the Braves-Astros series began, the conventional wisdom was that the Astros deserved the nod as favorites -- even though they barely squeaked into the playoffs and won fewer games than Atlanta.
Trojan pretends to do good Symantec warns Net users of Trojan horse that removes adware but alters security settings in computers.
NBC Adding Delay to NASCAR Telecasts NBC is adding a 5-second delay to its NASCAR telecasts after Dale Earnhardt Jr. used a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview last weekend.
Sosa Fined \$87,400 for Last-Game Bolt Sammy Sosa was fined \$87,400 - one day's salary - for arriving late and leaving early at the Cubs' regular-season finale at Wrigley Field.
Boston Marathon Champ Johnny Kelley Dies Johnny Kelley, a two-time Boston Marathon champion who became a beloved figure in the history of the race by running it a record 61 times, died at 97.
'Pure' outsourcing model falls from favor BANGALORE, INDIA -- The purely offshore outsourcing model is out of favor, and Indian business process outsourcing (BPO) companies are finding that they need U.S. facilities and staff to run operations for their American clients.
Drug Stocks Fall as Journal Blasts FDA (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of large U.S. and European drug\makers fell on Thursday after a prominent cardiologist\questioned the safety of new arthritis drugs and the\performance of U.S. regulators in monitoring drug safety.
Tyson, Union Ratify Iowa Plant Contract (Reuters) Reuters - Workers at the Tyson Foods Inc. \retail deli plant in Cherokee, Iowa, ratified a five-year labor\agreement, which includes bonus pay, a competitive health-care\plan, and a flexible retirement savings program, Tyson said on\Thursday.
EU-US Plane Fight May Find Peaceful Deal  GENEVA (Reuters) - Washington and Brussels may have gone  for their guns in a fight over plane subsidies, firing off huge  tit-for-tat cases at the World Trade Organization (WTO), but  analysts say a peaceful deal may yet be done.
Fannie Mae Investigation Lawrence J. White, professor of economics at New York University's Stern School of Business, discusses the investigation into accounting practices at Fannie Mae.
Do You Take Cash, Credit or Chip? A Japanese company creates a memory card which could change the method of spending money. Also: Google to set up digital book samples    hellip;. Nintendo equips handheld console   hellip;. and more.
Infocus: Defeating Honeypots: Network Issues, Part 2 The purpose of this paper is to explain how attackers behave when they attempt to identify and defeat honeypots, and is useful information for security professionals who need to deploy honeypots in a more stealthy manner. Part 2 looks at Sebek-based honeypots, snort_inline, Fake AP, and Bait and Switch honeypots.
European Economies: Orders and Retail Sales Decline (Update2) German factory orders dropped more than economists expected in August and a gauge of European retail sales fell for a second month in September, adding to evidence that economic growth may be slowing amid record oil costs.
Bank mulls rival proposal for Manchester United LONDON : The head of a British boutique investment bank, Seymour Pierce, is considering a financial restructuring of Manchester United as a possible rival proposal to a planned takeover by US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer.
Hewit advance to the third round of the Japan Open Australian Lleyton Hewitt ousted home favourite Goichi Motomura 6-0 3-6 6-1 to advance to the third round of the Japan Open on Wednesday.
Most Coral Reefs Under Threat, Some Resilient (Reuters) Reuters - About 70 percent of the world's coral\reefs have been wrecked or are at risk from human activities\but some are showing surprising resilience to global warming, a\report said on Monday.
Nintendo unveils lineup for DS handheld Madden NFL 2005 and Spider-Man 2 are among the dozen video games Nintendo Co. says it plans to offer for is new DS handheld system within a month of the product #39;s November launch.
Initial jobless claims fall 37,000 The US Labor Department said Thursday first-time applications for unemployment benefits fell last week for the first time in four weeks.
Do You Take Cash, Credit or Chip? A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
Wish Upon a Starbucks Shares of Starbucks (Nasdaq: SBUX) slipped last night in after-hours trading when the coffee champ reported same-store sales that were more lackluster than usual.
Energy lifts TSX; Dow dips The Toronto stock market was on positive ground this morning as energy stocks continued to benefit from record high oil prices that hit \$53 (US) a barrel.
Parmalat to sue Bank of America Administrators at bankrupt Italian food group Parmalat have filed a lawsuit against Bank of America, reportedly claiming \$10bn (5.
Nintendo Unveils Lineup for DS Handheld (AP) AP - Madden NFL 2005 and Spider-Man 2 are among the dozen video games Nintendo Co. says it plans to offer for is new DS handheld system within a month of the product's November launch.
Google invades Amazon turf Google is invading Amazon.com turf with its latest Internet service, it was reported Thursday. Google, the search-engine kingpin, is introducing a program called Google Print for book publishers who want to 
UK Music Industry to sue 28 persistent file sharers The BBC has today reported that 28 UK file sharers are to be sued by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The BPI warned in March it would take legal action against users of peer-to-peer music services 
Bill Imposes Prison Time Over  #39;Spyware #39; WASHINGTON - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw  quot;spyware, quot; irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
Siebel Refocuses on Customers LOS ANGELESSiebel Systems Inc., under the leadership of new CEO Mike Lawrie, is rededicating itself to ensuring enterprises #39; success at implementing, deploying and managing its market-leading but complex CRM software applications.
Nintendo seeks to dominate portable game market with new console (AFP) AFP - Japanese video game giant Nintendo said it will seek to retain its dominance of the portable game market with the launch of wireless Nintendo DS, a hand-held double-screen console.
Starmap plans push into US and Asia (FT.com) FT.com - Starmap, an international alliance of second-tier European mobile operators, including Wind of Italy and MMO of the UK, is looking to expand its membership into the US and Asia as it seeks to rival the global footprint of leading operators such as Vodafone.
Mauresmo wins first match as world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo overcame a slow start Thursday to win her first match as the world #39;s top ranked player, beating Patty Schnyder of Switzerland 7-5, 6-4 at the Porsche Grand Prix.
India still in the game: Harbhajan Harbhajan Singh, who claimed five wickets in Australia #39;s first innings in the first Test in Bangalore, does not believe the game has slipped away from India, who are facing the prospect of a follow-on.
Judge in London gives okay to let premature baby die LONDON (AFP) - Doctors caring for a critically-ill premature baby, Charlotte Wyatt, were given permission by a British judge to allow her to die if her condition seriously deteriorates and her breathing stops.
Ethics in Practice In debate, participants often present ethics as an overriding consideration.  nbsp;Sometimes, ethics is referenced by several  nbsp;participants in support of contradictory positions.  nbsp;When this happens debate tends to stall, as participants lack a framework for resolving their varying ethical valuations.  nbsp;In the interest of keeping K5 flamewars running smoothly, below is an attempt to outline what such a framework might look like.
U.S. 30-, 15-Year Mortgage Rates Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Interest rates on U.S. 30-year and\15-year mortgages edged higher this week amid signs the economy\is improving, stoking inflation concerns, mortgage finance\company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
U.S. 30-, 15-Year Mortgage Rates Rise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Interest rates on U.S. 30-year and  15-year mortgages edged higher this week amid signs the economy  is improving, stoking inflation concerns, mortgage finance  company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
Drugs, Oil Drag Stocks Lower  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were knocked lower on Thursday  as investors worried that rising prices for oil and commodities  would shrink corporate profits, while drug shares fell on  possible stricter scrutiny from regulators.
Asia-Europe Forum Grows, Myanmar Irritates  HANOI, Vietnam (Reuters) - An Asia-Europe forum accepted  Myanmar and 12 other new members Thursday ahead of a summit  strained by Yangon's human rights record and detention of  democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi.
Finally, A Boeing-Airbus Showdown The European Jetmaker Has Long Skirted Subsidy Rules. Now Washington #39;s WTO Complaint Will Drag That Abuse Into The Light Of Day.
UPDATE 11-Oil sets new \$53 high on winter worries, Nigeria Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for US crude on Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil terminals.
Duma wants convincing arguments for Kyoto ratification MOSCOW, October 7 (Itar-Tass) - The State Duma lower house of the Russian parliament will ratify the Kyoto Protocol, but to make this decision, lawmakers want the government to present  quot;rather convincing arguments and figures, quot; a number of 
US 30-, 15-year mortgage rates rise in latest week Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages edged higher this week amid signs the economy is improving, stoking inflation concerns, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
Group sues illegal file-swappers in Europe The Federation of the Phonographic Industry said it filed 459 lawsuits against illegal music file-sharers in Europe. The suits were filed on behalf of Warner Music Group.
Piggyback developers in a bind over IE com October 7, 2004, 9:50 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Kodak, Sun settle potential \$1B lawsuit (October 7, 2004) - Eastman Kodak Co. and Sun Microsystems Inc. have settled their contentious legal dispute over Java programming language, skirting a trial on financial damages that could have brought Kodak more than \$1 billion.
Spyware Legislation To Take Effect Jan. 1 Some experts doubt whether the California law will have much impact on illegal spyware activity. By George V. Hulme. A new California law aimed at curbing spyware, software applications that surreptitiously 
Report: VoIP to Top 12M Homes by 2009 The number of US households using Voice over IP (define) will rocket from 400,000 to 12 million over the next five years, a new report from JupiterResearch predicts.
Taiwan #39;s VIA Joins 64-bit Chip Fray After watching nearly every other semiconductor manufacturer produce their x86 64-bit chips, VIA Technologies has come to the table.
Group including Mansell says it has deal to save British GP A group that includes former Formula One champion Nigel Mansell said Thursday it had reached a deal with F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone to promote the race.
Cubs Fine Sosa for Leaving Game The Chicago Cubs have fined Sammy Sosa a club-record \$87,400 -- one day #39;s pay -- for leaving the team #39;s last game shortly after it began.
Dodgers #39; Weaver eager to escape NY state of mind Jeff Weaver says the potent St. Louis Cardinals lineup reminds him of the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox batting orders. That #39;s about the only New York comparison the former Yankee wants to summon tonight.
Oklahoma still owns Texas in the Red River Shootout Back in 1961, when Tommy Nobis was a freckle-faced, raw-boned high school linebacker from San Antonio, he took a recruiting visit to Oklahoma.
ST. LOUIS (2-2) At SEATTLE (3-0) KEY MATCHUP -- Rams RB Marshall Faulk vs. Seahawks front seven. The sometimes pass-happy Rams are most effective when they use balanced attack, like last week when they jumped out to 24-0 halftime lead after calling 19 running plays and 18 passes.
Baby Charlotte can be allowed to die, judge rules Charlotte Wyatt, the premature baby clinging to life in a hospital oxygen box, is to be allowed to die if her breathing stops. A High Court judge today gave Charlotte #39;s doctors permission not to resuscitate 
Britain: Weapons Report Proves Hussein Was a Threat Britain says a CIA report that concludes Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction before the US-led invasion last year nonetheless confirms that Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein posed a threat that could not be ignored.
Oil Hits \$53 High on Supply Worries Oil prices set a new record today on concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and news that a strike in Nigeria could put some crude exports on hold.
Paisley to meet Blair as efforts continue to secure North deal Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley is due to meet British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London today as part of ongoing efforts to restore devolved government in the North.
Wish Upon a Starbucks For some investors, today may seem like a discount day for shares of the coffee purveyor.
Mount St. Helens Volcanic Eruptions: 1980 vs. Now When Mount St. Helens erupted in 1980, people hundreds of miles away heard the roar. The blast turned day to night, leveled miles of forest, and claimed 57 lives.
Does Mars Methane Indicate Life Underground? New methane readings from a space probe raise the possibility that microbial life could exist on Mars. Some scientists, though, remain skeptical.
New Dinosaur Discovered: T. Rex Cousin Had Feathers Scientists say they have found a small, earlier cousin of &lt;I&gt;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt;/I&gt; that had at least a partial coat of feathers. &lt;i&gt;Includes image gallery.&lt;/i&gt;
Chimps Shown Using Not Just a Tool but a "Tool Kit" Wild chimpanzees have been filmed using tools in combination to extract termites from mounds #151;further evidence that tool use is not unique to humans.
Extinct Giant Deer Survived Ice Age, Study Says Like the woolly mammoth, a giant, prehistoric deer survived the last ice age, a new study shows. So what caused the Irish elk's eventual extinction?
CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing Computer Associates introduces usage-based pricing model for mainframe software.
Netline touts open-source move The maker of a rival Microsoft Exchange product that went open source says its new beta would have taken 10 times longer to do alone.
In Japan, it's TV gadget heaven Want tiny? Here's an eyepiece TV. Want big? There's a wall-size display. All video devices great and small hit the floor at CEATEC.
Word mangled by unpatched security hole A highly critical and unpatched security hole in Microsoft Corp.'s ubiquitous Word software could be used to launch a denial of service attack and give system access.
French security policy bombs French police ended their practice Sunday of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly ending up on a flight out of Paris #39; Charles de Gaulle airport.
Parmalat files US lawsuit THE bankrupt Italian food group Parmalat said today its special administrator Enrico Bondi has filed a US lawsuit against Bank of America.
Google Creates Searchable Book Library Amazon already has book-searching technology and last month launched A9.com, a subsidiary that adds personalization features to search results.
Kodak, Sun settle over damages in Java dispute ROCHESTER, NY Eastman Kodak has reached an out-of-court settlement with Sun Microsystems over the damage phase of Kodak #39;s successful lawsuit regarding Sun #39;s Java computer programming language.
CA offers usage-based pricing for mainframe tools Computer Associates Thursday introduced a usage-based pricing and licensing option for its mainframe management products, aligning its offerings with IBM #39;s On Demand model.
Security concerns put MSN Messenger beta on hold Microsoft has suspended the beta testing of the next version of its MSN Messenger client because of a potential security problem. Testers discovered a potential security issue in the early version of MSN Messenger 
House OKs bill imposing prison time for  #39;spyware #39; WASHINGTON - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw  quot;spyware, quot; irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
Singh, Els among stars at Duhill ST. ANDREWS, Scotland (Ticker) -- The world #39;s top golfers team up with famous faces from the worlds of film and sport on Thursday for the start of the 2004 Dunhill Links championship.
Astros-Braves Game 2 preview The Houston Astros refuse to live in the past, especially with their immediate future looking so bright. Roy Oswalt, the National League #39;s only 20-game winner, will try to give Houston a commanding lead in 
Cubs fine Sosa \$87,400 (one day #39;s pay) Chicago slugger Sammy Sosa was fined \$87,400 Wednesday for leaving the ballpark while the Cubs were playing the Atlanta Braves in the season finale.
Caldwell Confident Despite Injury Woes Gary Caldwell insists he is confident Scotland can overcome their injury problems to secure the right results against Norway and Moldova.
Red River Shootout is Fair Game This Saturday, the undefeated meet. No. 2 Oklahoma and No. 5 Texas take aim for a win at the 99th Red River Shootout. The rivalry is one of the biggest games in college football.
Judge in London gives okay to let premature baby die LONDON : Doctors caring for a critically-ill premature baby, Charlotte Wyatt, were given permission by a British judge to allow her to die if her condition seriously deteriorates and her breathing stops.
Israel Backs 2-State West Asia Solution: US Washington, Oct. 7 (NNN): The United States said on Thursday that it has got assurances from Israel that it still backs the two-state solution to the West Asian conflict.
US Arms-Grade Plutonium Starts Road Journey Across France A consignment of US weapons-grade plutonium began a north-south road journey across France to be turned into fuel to make electricity by Areva SA, the world #39;s biggest maker of nuclear reactors, Greenpeace France said.
CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing com October 7, 2004, 10:30 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Microsoft stops winking on MSN 7.0 beta Microsoft has delayed beta testing of the next version of MSN Messenger because of a security flaw. Vulnerabilities were discovered in MSN Messenger 7.0, due to be released today, after testers found it had 
Defoe - excited about Old Trafford clash Jermain Defoe is convinced England #39;s new-look  #39;awesome #39; forward line can douse the Welsh dragon #39;s fire at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Retailers and Their September Sales (AP) AP - September sales and sales for the fiscal year to date reported by leading retailers.
Pfizer Will Weather the Storm The company will likely come out on top regardless of the outcome of the latest controversies.
Shock jock Stern has \$690m to launch his ego into orbit HOWARD Stern, the New York radio star with the super-sized hair and ego, has given censors the finger by announcing a \$US500 million (\$690 million) deal to move over to the fledgling and largely unregulated airwaves of satellite radio.
US, EU take to skies in battle of the giants In a nasty trade battle that could rattle the multibillion-dollar aerospace industry, the US and Europe formally sued one another in the World Trade Organisation over the huge government subsidies paid to their respective aircraft giants, Boeing and Airbus 
Bombings in Paskistan Deadly blasts occurred outside a gathering &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MULTAN, Pakistan - Two bombs, one planted in a car, one attached to a motorcycle, exploded at a gathering of Sunni Muslim radicals in central Pakistan before dawn today, killing at least 39 people and hospitalizing about 100 others.
5th Asia-Europe begins in Hanoi The Philippine government is expected to strongly advocate for a closer partnership between the countries in the Asia-Pacific region and Europe when the 5th Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) kicks off in Hanoi, Vietnam Friday.
Senate Talks Fail on File-Sharing Software (AP) AP - Entertainment groups and consumer organizations were unable Thursday to reach a compromise over a Senate proposal aimed at manufacturers of file-sharing software commonly used to steal electronic copies of music, movies and computer programs.
Google launches new Web site for readers, publishers (AFP) AFP - Leading Web search engine Google launched a new site for book lovers at the world's largest publishing show that will provide a new avenue for sales.
Rent-A-Car Cos. Expanding to Face Rivals (AP) AP - It's part of an intensifying car rental rumble: As Enterprise Rent-A-Car increases its visibility at airports, longtime airport leader Hertz is muscling into America's neighborhoods, Enterprise's closely guarded turf.
Sudan Peace Talks Resume for South as Tensions Brew (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government resumed\talks with rebels in the oil-producing south on Thursday while\the United Nations set up a panel to investigate charges of\genocide in the west of Africa's largest country.
UN Panel to Look Into Genocide in Sudan's Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan named a five-member panel on Thursday led by Italian\judge Antonio Cassese to investigate whether genocide has taken\place in Sudan's Darfur region.
Toronto doctor changes story under cross-examination, panel hears (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A Toronto doctor accused of co-signing thousands of prescriptions without seeing patients changed his story several times under heated cross-examination at his disciplinary hearing Thursday.
Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report (AP) AP - Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last year, but insisted that "we were right to take action" against Saddam Hussein.
Bush, Kerry on Issue of Drug Importation (AP) AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and their responses:
Bush Defends Iraq War Despite Report Finding No Illicit Arms President Bush conceded today that Iraq did not have the banned weapons he had warned of, but insisted that "we were right to take action."
Rockets Hit Hotel in Baghdad; Shiite Rebel Offers Truce Deal The rocket attack temporarily overshadowed a pledge by a top aide to Moktada al-Sadr to disarm his militia.
Ethics Rebuke to DeLay Prompts Democratic Calls for Ouster House Democrats declared that the latest case against the leader of the Republican majority proved that he was unfit to lead.
Saddam Hussein Sowed Confusion About Iraq's Arsenal as a Tactic of War Saddam Hussein hid behind ambiguities and evasions about whether Iraq possessed illicit weapons, partly as a deterrent to Iran.
Two Rockets Hit Downtown Baghdad Sheraton BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two rockets hit a downtown Baghdad hotel housing foreigners and journalists Thursday, and gunfire erupted in the neighborhood across the Tigris River from the U.S. Embassy compound...
Stocks Fall on Poor Retail Sales, Oil NEW YORK - Disappointing retail sales and oil prices that threatened to top \$53 per barrel sent stocks lower Thursday as investors worried that rising energy costs could further hamper consumer spending.    With a number of companies having already warned that energy costs would squeeze third-quarter profits, investors saw the September retail sales report as reason to worry that a sustained rise in oil prices could harm fourth-quarter results as well...
Briefly: CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing roundup Plus: The company also expects to meet or exceed analyst estimates...Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge...RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux.
Russia Could Finish Kyoto Approval by Year-End Russia could ratify the Kyoto Protocol by the end of the year and kick-start global attempts to control climate change, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zhukov said on Thursday.
Economic optimism hikes mortgage rates Mortgage rates climbed for the second consecutive week on news that the economy may soon be improving, according to surveys conducted by mortgage buyer Freddie Mac and Bankrate.
Dial #39;s parent sells Clorox interests Germany #39;s Henkel and California #39;s Clorox Co. Thursday agreed to a \$2.8 billion stock swap and cash deal. Under the agreement, Henkel will sell back its 29 percent ownership stake in Clorox in return for \$2.
McGahee Still Waiting His Turn With Bills (AP) AP - Running back Willis McGahee is biding his time, if not biting his tongue, regarding his limited role in the Buffalo offense. The 2003 first-round pick is not entirely content, but maintains he's not frustrated spending most of Buffalo's first three games  #151; all losses  #151; watching from the sideline as a backup to Travis Henry.
 #39;Rocket man #39; has local ties com.  quot;It was a flawless flight and a glorious day for our family, quot; said William Binnie. He, wife Catherine and daughters Sheila and Katie had good reason to celebrate on Monday.
Uganda Opposes Trade in Ivory A TEAM of wildlife officials has left for a global meeting in Bangkok, Thailand to oppose the lifting of the ban imposed on ivory trade.
ESPN.com #39;s Pitching Preview  2004 MLB Playoffs In Thursday #39;s two NLDS Game 2 matchups, Dodgers starter Jeff Weaver has a tough assignment vs. St. Louis, while the Astros aim to take a commanding series lead over Atlanta with their second Cy Young candidate on the mound in as many days.
Twin bombs take terrible death toll AT least 39 people were killed when two bombs exploded at a gathering of Sunni Muslim radicals in the central Pakistan city of Multan early yesterday.
Phelps Eases Back Into Pool at Short Course Meet  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps made a comfortable  return to the pool at the world short course swimming  championships Thursday, touching first in his preliminary heat  in the 200 meters freestyle.
Ferrer Upsets Ferrero in Lyon  LYON (Reuters) - Third seed Juan Carlos Ferrero suffered a  shock defeat at the hands of fellow Spaniard David Ferrer in  the second round of the Lyon Grand Prix Thursday.
Graeme McDowell Hits 62 to Match Old Course Record  ST. ANDREWS, Scotland (Reuters) - Briton Graeme McDowell  took a leaf out of Tiger Woods's book to equal the St. Andrews  Old Course record of 62 Thursday and take a three-stroke lead  in the Dunhill Links Championship first round.
SAP plans to move administrative jobs to Prague German business software vendor SAP plans to relocate a number of administrative jobs from its German headquarters and European subsidiaries to Prague, in a move aimed at streamlining its operations and reducing costs.
Treasuries Lower Despite Auction Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slipped on  Thursday as a well-received auction of inflation-protected debt  failed to quell market anxiety one day before the government  releases its national employment report for September.
Oil, Drug Woes Send Stocks Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Thursday as investors  worried that oil's jump to a record \$53 a barrel would hurt  consumer spending and cut into corporate profits.
US, EU Trade Blows on Aircraft Subsidies WASHINGTON, DC / BRUSSELS, Belgium - 10/07/04 - Whatever meager goodwill was gained by the move yesterday - albeit tardy - by Congress to act on the contentious Foreign Sales Corporation - Extraterritorial Income Act (FSC-ETI) export tax mechanism has 
Fed could pause on rates if economy slows-Bernanke A slowdown in the US economy could justify a pause in the Federal Reserve #39;s interest rate increases, Fed Governor Ben Bernanke said on Thursday.
Henkel to sell Clorox stake Henkel, the German consumer goods group, said yesterday night it would swap its 29 per cent stake in Clorox for a combination of the US companys operating businesses and its stake in a joint venture with Henkel, and about \$2.
UPDATE 2-US pension agency chief warns of solvency risk The longer-term solvency of the US agency that insures pensions is at risk, threatened by troubled airlines and other companies failing to fund their retirement plans, the agency #39;s director said on Thursday.
Plus a change in Franco-US relations At meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund the French said non to the US proposal of writing off 90-95 per cent of Iraqs \$12bn of bilateral debt.
KPMG Settles Lernout   Hauspie Lawsuit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - KPMG, one of the Big Four accounting  firms, agreed to settle a shareholder lawsuit over the collapse  of Belgium's Lernout   Hauspie Speech Products N.V., by  agreeing to pay \$115 million, one of the law firms representing  investors said on Thursday.
Sirius Satellite Signs Howard Stern to 5-Year Accord (Update9) Howard Stern, host of the top-rated radio show for young men in New York and Los Angeles, will move to Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.
PeopleSoft Softens Opposition to Oracle Merger There was a twist in Oracle #39;s hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft earlier this week when a PeopleSoft director testified in court that he would be open to discussions about a merger.
US pension agency chief says solvency at risk The longer-term solvency of the US fund that insures traditional pensions is at risk, the director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp.
Putin aide warns of dangers to economy ECONOMIC POLICY President Vladimir Putin #39;s economic adviser has warned that Russia is jeopardising its economic growth by drifting away from liberal market reforms and moving towards increased state intervention.
Four deals taking off in busy IPO day NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Retailer New York  amp; Co. and medical equipment firm InterLace delivered premiums Thursday as the two initial public offerings distinguished themselves among a pack of four deals.
Bank of America To Lay Off 4,500 Bank of America will begin this month to cut 4,500 jobs across the company, predominantly in non-customer-facing positions. Bank of America said the cuts will spell \$150 million in severance 
Further rate rises in balance as factories stall again The Bank of England was handed an unexpected dilemma yesterday as factories suffered their worst fall in output for two years but house prices bounced back sharply.
Music Industry Sues European Internet Pirates The music industry has targeted 459 prolific  quot;uploaders quot; in Austria, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy and the UK, who they accuse of illegally providing their music collections to others on online file-sharing networks.
Sony Moves Forward with Blu-Ray DVD Standard Sony rivals Toshiba, Sanyo and NEC are working on HD-DVD rather than Blu-ray. Both are designed to have much more storage capacity than the current generation of discs.
Stem Cell Molecules Repair Genetic Damage Researchers report that embryonic stem cells sent molecular signals that repaired fatal genetic damage to heart cells in laboratory mice.
Tech Briefs The city of Seattle, which is considering building a municipally owned high-speed Internet network, has named a task force to study proposals that include a Wi-Fi, WiMax, cable or fiber optic system.
Component of volcanic gas may have played a significant role in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Scientists at The Scripps Research Institute and the Salk Institute for Biological Studies are reporting a possible answer to a longstanding question in research on the origins of life on Earth--how did the first amino acids form the first peptides?
Spyware Bills Win House Approval Two bills designed to curb the proliferation of Internet  quot;spyware quot; took another step toward law this week with overwhelming approval from the House of Representatives, but supporters said 
Nokia, Motorola plan handset units in India Leading mobile handset makers like Nokia and Motorola could soon follow LG in setting up manufacturing operations in India. A Motorola India official said the company is seriously considering manufacturing mobile phones in the country.
Phelps Eases Back Into Pool at Short Course Meet Michael Phelps made a comfortable return to the pool at the world short course swimming championships Thursday, touching first in his preliminary heat in the 200 meters freestyle.
Press Row: Pundits praise Pedro com. Pedro Martinez was the focal point of press coverage after pitching the Red Sox into a two-up position over the Angels in the American League Division Series.
Familiar Faces in French Team France tonight named their team for Saturdays World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland - with eight of Raymond Domenechs starting line-up possessing Premiership experience.
Owen is closer to England go-ahead England striker Michael Owen took part in a full training session on Thursday, but keeper David James missed out as they prepared to face Wales.
Quiet week precedes Afghan elections EDITORS NOTE: This is one in an occasional series in October about the 160 members of Fort Waynes 221st Ordnance Company in Afghanistan.
Sharon pounds Gaza The Israeli army has embarked on a vicious punitive bombardment in Gaza. The clampdown in Gaza is ostensibly in retaliation for the death of two Israeli settler children in a Hamas missile attack on the settler town of Sderot on 30 August.
Australia #39;s Howard Stresses Economic Record in Even #39; Election Prime Minister John Howard is betting eight years of economic growth and interest rates at a three- decade low will win him a fourth consecutive term in office when 13 million Australians elect a new government tomorrow.
Quick Draw on Wynn Resorts Investors roll the dice on Steve Wynn's new resort, bidding the stock up though the place won't open until April.
KMPG Agrees to Pay \$115 Million to Settle Suit The accounting firm KPMG has agreed to settle a shareholder lawsuit claiming the company failed in its audit of a software company which later collapsed.
Maryland is thrown for a loss TJ Thompson scored 27 points as George Washington upset No. 12 Maryland, 101-92, yesterday in the championship game of the BB amp;T Classic in Washington, the Colonials #39; fifth straight victory.
Schu doesn #39;t rule in France Michael Schumacher may rule the roost at the pinnacle of motor sport, but he failed to become  #39;Champion of Champions #39; at the novel event inside Paris #39; Stade de France.
KPMG Settles Lernout  amp; Hauspie Lawsuit KPMG, one of the Big Four accounting firms, agreed to settle a shareholder lawsuit over the collapse of Belgium #39;s Lernout  amp; Hauspie Speech Products NV, by agreeing to pay \$115 million, one of the law firms representing investors said 
Update 1: Music Industry Group Launches Piracy Suits The international record industry escalated its fight against music piracy Thursday, announcing that it will file hundreds of lawsuits across Europe against individuals and groups it accuses of illegally sharing music through the Internet.
Volcanoes May Have Sparked Life on Earth, Study Says Peptides are chains of amino acids. They form the proteins that are the basis of living cells. Scientists have had little success in demonstrating a plausible chemical reaction that could have formed peptides 
Palm OS to favour phones PalmSource is to focus on wireless devices with its new version of Palm OS, but can it succeed against the likes of Microsoft and Symbian?
U.S. Names Cyber Chief, House Eyes More Clout for Job (Reuters) Reuters - The Department of Homeland Security\named an acting U.S. cybersecurity chief on Thursday as\Congress weighed whether to give the position greater clout to\fight hackers, viruses and other online threats.
IBM renews vows to mainframe (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - IBM shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform Thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry-focused solutions, and new partnerships.
Mount St. Helens' Crater Floor Rising (AP) AP - Part of Mount St. Helens' crater floor has risen 50 to 100 feet since Tuesday while earthquake rates have been low, signs that magma is moving upward without much resistance, scientists said Thursday.
Williams lends hand to Jones Roy Williams wasn #39;t the Lions #39; most productive rookie Sunday, but he played a big role in two plays that helped tailback Kevin Jones, another member of the Lions #39; 2004 rookie class.
Report: Chip-gear industry having a good year Gartner says 2004 is likely to be one of the best years for the semiconductor capital gear market, but next year isn't looking quite so hot.
Details of New John Kerry Television Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry to begin airing this week:
Rebuked Lawmaker Withstands Calls to Step Aside (Reuters) Reuters - House of Representatives Majority\Leader Tom DeLay, admonished twice in six days by his chamber's\ethics committee, withstood calls on Thursday by rival\Democrats and citizen groups that he step aside.
Qwest, DirecTV bring satellite TV to Western states The two companies expand an alliance to bundle DirecTV's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.
Bush defends action against Iraq President Bush backs his policy on Iraq, despite confirmation that Saddam Hussein did not have WMD.
At Japan show, it's all gadgets great and small The CEATEC exhibit rounds up everything from wall-size "wallpaper" displays to the Scopo eyepiece TV.
Actor Fox Appears in Kerry Campaign Ad NEW YORK - Actor Michael J. Fox is returning to TV - in a commercial praising Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for his stance on stem cell research...
Rockets Hit Downtown Baghdad Sheraton BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants fired rockets at a hotel housing foreigners in the heart of Baghdad on Thursday night, causing minor damage, while U.S. officials said two American soldiers were killed by roadside bombs outside the capital and authorities arrested 20 Iraqis suspected of planting homemade explosives...
IBM renews vows to mainframe IBM shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform Thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry-focused solutions, and new partnerships.
ATI Reports Record Quarterly Revenues Thanks to PC and consumer product sales, Ontario, Canadas ATI Technologies Inc. today announced its second consecutive quarter with record revenues.
US bank mergers good for stability, says Greenspan Alan Greenspan, Federal Reserve chairman, said yestedray that the wave of US bank mergers since 1995 had increased the stability of the financial sector.
Unisys to ax 1,400 workers Unisys Corp. said Wednesday night that it plans to lay off about 1,400 employees, mostly in general and administrative areas. The computer hardware, software and services company didn #39;t say how many of the 
Sudan peace talks resume for south sets up a panel to investigate charges of genocide in the west of Africa #39;s largest country. A Sudanese intelligence official said the government was arming tribes to counter a perceived new rebel threat in the east.
Removing Palestine  quot;The significance of our disengagement plan is the freezing of the peace process. It supplies the formaldehyde necessary so there is no political process with the Palestinians effectively 
Google introduces wireless service Google Inc. on Thursday launched a beta test version of Google SMS, a new service that lets users of wireless devices query Google for specific information, such as business or residential phone listings, product prices and word definitions, the company announced.
Oil Hits \$53 on Winter Worries, Nigeria  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for  U.S. crude Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel  supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil terminals.
Flip Open That Cellphone: It's IM on the Move Although it grew up on desktop PCs, instant-messaging software has gone mobile  and it looks more and more as if it has outgrown its roots in teenage chatter.
Biolase hits 20-mo. low on Q3 warning NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Biolase Technology Inc. took a dive to a 20-month low Thursday after the maker of lasers used in dental procedures warned that it would report a third-quarter loss and lower-than-anticipated revenue.
Greenspan Has Kind Words for a Predecessor Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan praised predecessor Paul Volcker for being willing a quarter-century ago to ratchet up interest rates to end a long bout of dangerous inflation.
Reuters bets big on Bangalore unit Mr Geert Linnebank, Editor-in-Chief and Global Head of Content, Reuters; Mr Kiran Karnik, President, Nasscom; and Mr N. Dharam Singh, Chief Minister of Karnataka, at the inauguration of Reuters #39; new facility in Bangalore on Thursday.
Study: VoIP to proliferate in US households The number of US households that use Net phone technology is expected to reach 12 million by 2009, a new study has shown. About 17 percent of all broadband homes in the United States will use Web telephony 
Press Row: A-Rod earns his stripes com. Alex Rodriguez had yet to prove to Yankees fans that he was worth his hefty price tag before this American League Division Series against the Twins.
Minnesota seeks win, not revenge vs. Mich. The unbeaten Golden Gophers led Michigan by three touchdowns with a quarter left, yet lost 38-35.  quot;Do you really think that I have to remind them we blew a 21-point lead in the fourth quarter against Michigan last year?
Bank of America to cut 4,500 jobs Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) plans to cut about 2.5 percent, or 4,500 jobs from its workforce, and it #39;s unclear how those cuts will affect Austin employees.
Mortgages rates up this week Mortgage rates around the country went up this week, with 30-year mortgages climbing to the highest level since early September. Freddie Mac, in its weekly survey released Thursday, reported that rates on 
ATI Technologies 4th-Qtr Profit Doubles as Sales Rise (Update4) ATI Technologies Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 maker of computer-graphics chips, said fourth-quarter profit more than doubled on surging demand for components used in digital televisions and mobile phones with color screens.
The Web, Take 2.0 SAN FRANCISCO -- The next time you visit one of your favorite Web sites, you may be contributing to it as much as you #39;re taking from it.
Co-Founder of Google #39;s Blogger Leaving Company Web search leader Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said the head of its Web log service, Blogger, will leave at the end of the week to pursue other interests.
HP Shows New Inkjet, Laser Printers At TechXNY this week, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
Braves look to tie up series Mike Hampton has never won a Division Series game, but he needs to pitch at a top level today to help the Atlanta Braves pull even in their first-round set against the Houston Astros.
Sosa fined \$87,400 for last-game bolt CHICAGO - Sammy Sosa #39;s agent said Thursday he likely will file a grievance after the Chicago Cubs star was fined \$87,400 - one day #39;s salary - for arriving late and leaving early at the season finale.
Domenech names experimental midfield for Ireland France #39;s coach Raymond Domenech opted for an experimental midfield on Thursday when he named his side to take on Ireland in a World Cup qualifier this weekend.
Latest news briefs from the Jewish Telegraphic Agency Both vice presidential candidates said Yasser Arafat is not a partner for peace. As Vice President Dick Cheney faced off in Cleveland on Tuesday night against Sen. John Edwards (DN.
Stocks Close One Percent Lower  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The major stock indexes ended 1  percent lower on Thursday after crude oil rose to a record \$53  a barrel and drug makers like Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; and Merck    Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; sank on worry that the government may intensify  scrutiny of that sector.
Oil Hits \$53 on Winter Worries, Nigeria Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for U.S. crude Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil terminals.
Marriott's 3Q Earnings Up 45 Percent Hotel operator Marriott International Inc. said its third-quarter earnings rose 45 percent as growing demand for rooms helped drive revenue up 9 percent.
Biolase cuts outlook, shares tumble Medical technology company Biolase Technology Inc. (BLTI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday cut its outlook for the third and fourth quarters, sending its shares tumbling by 
Ferguson issues Blues warning Alex Ferguson sounded a warning note to Chelsea after they maintained their five-point gap at the top of the Barclays Premiership with a 4-0 thrashing of Newcastle.
Nokia Eyed for Pace of Recovery at Phones Unit Investors will be looking to see if the world #39;s top mobile phone maker Nokia can sustain momentum at its recovering handset unit into the key Christmas season when it reports earnings next week.
NTPC issue sold 4 times on Day 1 National Thermal Power Corporations (NTPCs) initial public offering (IPO) opened to a thumping response today, and was subscribed almost four times.
Consumers Tighten Borrowing in August WASHINGTON Oct. 7, 2004 - Consumers cut back on their borrowing in August by the largest amount since the end of 1990 as confidence in the economy fell and energy prices surged.
Newspaper Companies #39; Profit Seen Rising NEW YORK - Hurt by erratic advertising demand, many of the nation #39;s newspaper companies will fail to deliver the profits they had hoped for in the latest quarter.
Read book snippets on Google SAN FRANCISCO -- If you want to hit the books online, you can point your Internet browser to hit the online search engine Google. The site invited publishers to include entire books in its index, which will 
British P2P File Sharers Face Legal Action The British Phonographic Industry threatens tough action.  quot;We will get IP addresses and names, quot; a spokesperson said.  quot;P2P users have a misconception that they are anonymous, but they are not.
Kodak, Sun Settle Java Lawsuit Eastman Kodak Co. and Sun Microsystems Inc. have settled their lawsuit over whether Sun infringed on Kodak #39;s patents in creating the Java platform.
Google Sends Out an SMS Google this week launched a beta test version of Google SMS, a new service that lets users of wireless devices query Google for specific information, such as business or residential phone listings, product prices, and word definitions, the company says.
HP unveils cheaper, faster, smaller mono printers Hewlett Packard has introduced a new range of smaller, quicker and cheaper mono printers targeted at the home, SME and enterprise markets.
Sosa fined \$87,400 by Cubs Sammy Sosa was fined \$87,400 -- one day #39;s salary -- for arriving late to the Cubs #39; regular-season finale at Wrigley Field and leaving the game early.
Italian premier tells EU immigration control top priority Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Thursday that the problem of immigration was one of three priority issues facing his government, the day after it resumed mass deportations of illegal immigrants.
UN, Haitian police round up 75 in dawn sweep to curtail violence PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (AFP): UN peacekeepers and Haitian police rounded up 75 people for questioning Wednesday in a dawn sweep of the capitals Bel-air district, bastion of former president Jean Bertrand Aristides partisans, aimed at quelling violence 
Israel Retracts Allegations about Transporting Rockets by UNRWA #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following allegations that UNRWA help transporting Qassam rockets in its vehicles, the Israeli government retracted Tuesday its allegations, Israeli Haaretz Online Daily reported.
Music industry sues Net song-swappers The piracy-battered music industry will for the first time sue British, French and Austrian music fans, including a French school teacher 
For the record 7 October The founder of the Netscape browser, software which once vied for the top spot with Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer, has said he believes the browser wars may be back.
Opportunity Rover Stumbles Upon Rocky, Maybe Watery, Find Almost by accident, NASA #39;s Mars rover Opportunity has found a rock that may point to a second water event in the red planet #39;s past.
Microsoft delays IM beta release over security concerns com October 7, 2004, 12:45 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution St. Louis -- Jason Marquis pitches tonight with both eyes facing forward. He has tried it the other way. It didn #39;t work, not while he played in Atlanta.
A European Turkey stands to be a guiding light for the Muslim &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Is Turkey ready to officially become part of Europe? The world will know the answer in another 10 years. A decade may sound a long time, but the ball is finally rolling on Turkey #39;s European Union membership after 40 years of wavering talks.
Suspected Shiite bombs kill 39 Pakistani Sunnis Two bombs planted in a car and motorcycle exploded before dawn this morning at a gathering of Sunni Muslim radicals in central Pakistan, killing at least 39 people and wounding about 100 others.
Sadr aide released from US detention in Iraq A top aide to radical Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr was freed from US detention on Thursday, an aide to Sadr said. Sheikh Moayad al-Khazraji, who was believed to have been held 
Israeli Cat out of the Bag One of Ariel Sharon #39;s closest advisers, in fact, his former chief of staff, Dov Weisglass, has revealed to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz the ulterior motives behind Sharon #39;s unilateral decision to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.
Hong Kong bank crushes more than customer #39;s spirits Hong Kong - A Hong Kong bank that trashed 83 safety deposit boxes and their valuable contents apologised on Wednesday for the blunder and offered customers a compensation package worth up to 12.
Auburn: Unbeaten, unhappy Now Auburn knows what it #39;s like to be the odd team out -- a feeling Southern Cal knew only too well last year. This year, though, the Trojans have no complaints.
Newspaper Companies #39; Profit Seen Rising Hurt by erratic advertising demand, many of the nation #39;s newspaper companies will fail to deliver the profits they had hoped for in the latest quarter.
Kodak, Sun Settle Patent Case Three days after a jury found Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) had infringed on Eastman Kodak patents, the two parties settled their lawsuit out of court.
Bush defends war despite arms report US President George W. Bush on Thursday defended his decision to go to war against the  quot;unique threat quot; of Iraq, despite an official US report that Baghdad did not have weapons of mass destruction, as a Shiite militia pledged to disarm.
Doctors told to let baby Charlotte die The parents of a premature baby have lost their battle to force doctors to keep tiny 11-month-old Charlotte alive if she stops breathing a fourth time.
Co-Founder of Google's Blogger Leaving Company (Reuters) Reuters - Web search leader Google Inc.\ on Thursday said the head of its Web log service,\Blogger, will leave at the end of the week to pursue other\interests.
First Look: Polaroid's Snazzy Photo Printer (PC World) PC World - Thermal printer produces great-looking snapshots, but they don't come\  cheap.
REVIEW: GPS Navigation in a Mobile Phone (AP) AP - O.K., so I don't like asking for directions. But I don't get lost so often that I need to spend more than  #36;1,000 on a built-in car navigation system to plot my course with global positioning satellites.
Kodak, Sun Microsystems Settle Java Suit (AP) AP - Eastman Kodak Co., poised to ask for more than  #36;1 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems Inc., has reached an out-of-court settlement in a long-running patent dispute over the Silicon Valley company's Java programming language.
Death Stars: Sterilizing the Galactic Center (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Anyone looking for signs of extraterrestrial life need not look in the center of our galaxy.
Rockets Hit Downtown Baghdad Sheraton BAGHDAD, Iraq Oct. 7, 2004 - Rockets struck a Baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the precarious security in the heart of the Iraqi capital.
AT T to Cut About 7,000 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - AT T Corp.  will cut about\7,000 jobs and reduce the value of its assets by  #36;11.4 billion\due to its retreat from traditional consumer telephone\services, the company said on Thursday.
Labor Costs, Hurricane Hit Alcoa Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Alcoa Inc. , the world's\biggest aluminum producer, said on Thursday that net income for\the quarter rose slightly, as labor problems and the effect of\Hurricane Ivan offset high aluminum prices.
Japanese Cars Tops Fuel Efficiency List (AP) AP - Japanese vehicles dominate the government's annual list of vehicles with the best fuel economy, but Ford Motor Co. can claim the most fuel efficient pickup and sport utility vehicle.
La-Z-Boy Shares Tumble on Lowered Outlook (AP) AP - Shares of furniture maker and retailer La-Z-Boy Inc. fell nearly 13 percent Thursday after the company lowered its second-quarter outlook on rising raw material costs.
Stocks Fall on \$53 Oil, Drug Sector Woes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks sank on Thursday as crude oil  climbed to a record \$53 a barrel and major drug makers' shares  slid on the possibility they will face more stringent scrutiny  from regulators.
Labor Costs, Hurricane Hit Alcoa Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Alcoa Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest aluminum producer, said on Thursday that net income for  the quarter rose slightly, as labor problems and the effect of  Hurricane Ivan offset high aluminum prices.
Oil Prices Hit \$53 a Barrel, Then Stage a Retreat This winter, as crude oil touched \$53 a barrel today, they will translate into higher heating bills for American households.
AT T to Cut 7,000 Jobs and Reduce Assets by \$11.4 Billion The new measures are due to AT T's retreat from selling services to consumers, the company said today.
Government to Rest in Enron Fraud Trial The government prepared to rest its fraud and conspiracy case today following testimony from a key Enron executive that a barge sale was a sham designed to inflate profits.
Radio Astronomers Remove the Blindfold PPARC -- UK radio astronomers at the Jodrell Bank Observatory, working with colleagues from Europe and the USA, have demonstrated a new technique that will revolutionise the way they observe.     To create the very best quality images of the sky, they routinely combine data from multiple telescopes from around the world  a technique called Very Long Baseline Interferometry (VLBI)...
Walking a Bit More May Help Keep Weight Off By JOSEPH B. VERRENGIA    DENVER (AP) -- A year ago, Dr...
Oracle may be readying new PeopleSoft bid During courtroom testimony, a director for the database giant offers insight into the future of the takeover bid.
Syrian President Makes Peace Overtures (AP) AP - Fearful of being left behind, Syrian President Bashar Assad has been saying something quite startling  #151; that he is willing to resume peace talks with Israel unconditionally.
Martha Stewart Accuses US of Hiding Key Memos A day before Martha Stewart was to start serving a prison sentence, the lifestyle trendsetter on Thursday accused prosecutors of withholding evidence she hopes will help 
Tanguay, Zednik join NHL #39;s influx to Europe Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Colorado Avalanche left wing Alex Tanguay and Montreal Canadiens right wing Richard Zednik have both signed with European teams, joining a growing list of talent who will play overseas during the NHL #39;s current labor dispute.
Explosion in Hotel at Israel-Egypt Border An explosion rocked at hotel in the Egyptian border town of Taba, near Israel, on Thursday and a large number of casualties were reported, Israel Radio reported.
Qwest, DirecTV expand satellite deal The two companies increase an alliance to bundle DirecTV's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.
SAP touts NetWeaver enhancements SAP is rolling out a new set of Java and business intelligence enhancements to its NetWeaver middleware and integration stack.
IBM spells out mainframe strategy IBM is laying out a new road map for its mainframe that will include the adoption of the Common Information Model standard that allows different platforms to exchange information.
Attachmate details new Synapta tools Attachmate's new Synapta presentation and builder tools are designed to abstract host information so developers can more quickly build composite applications with existing assets.
CA offers usage-based pricing for mainframe tools Computer Associates said all of its products for use with IBM's zSeries mainframes and the zOS operating system are now available on a pay-as-you-go basis.
Users mixed on Siebel's 'Chapter Two' direction Users of Siebel's CRM software offered mixed reviews on the "Chapter Two" strategy the company unveiled this week as a way to revitalize its sagging fortunes and help customers complete successful software rollouts.
Howard Schmidt to lead U.S. CERT Howard Schmidt, chief security officer at eBay and a former White House cybersecurity adviser, has been named chairman of the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.
Andreessen: Microsoft to make Internet Explorer more competitive The success of alternative Web browsers could push Microsoft to more aggressively leverage its dominance of Internet client software, said Marc Andreessen, one of the founders of Netscape.
Q A: Cognos CEO calls business intelligence ROI a 'fuzzy' metric Cognos CEO Rob Ashe says companies are demanding a more tangible means of measuring the return on their business intelligence investment.
Analysis: PeopleSoft's future hard to predict Last week's firing of Craig Conway as PeopleSoft's CEO, followed by testimony from a PeopleSoft director this week that he would be open to discussions with Oracle if the price was right, appears to have changed the dynamics between the two companies.
Brief: CA expects loss on restructuring, settlement charges Although Computer Associates met its sales forecast for its second quarter, it will post a loss for the period as it absorbs restructuring charges and the \$225 million it agreed to pay in compensation for its accounting violations.
First Look: Polaroid's Snazzy Photo Printer Thermal printer produces great-looking snapshots, but they don't come cheap.
Congressional Bill Imposes Prison Time Over 'Spyware' By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw "spyware," irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.    It would add penalties of up to five years in prison for people convicted of installing such programs without a computer user's permission...
International Music Industry Group Launches Piracy Suits By JANE WARDELL    LONDON (AP) -- The international record industry escalated its fight against music piracy Thursday, announcing that it will file hundreds of lawsuits across Europe against individuals and groups it accuses of illegally sharing music through the Internet.    The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, representing record companies tired of losing millions of dollars in revenue, said its affiliates are filing 459 lawsuits in Britain, France, Germany, Denmark, Italy and Austria...
MSNs Search Engine Preview is Back MSN's Search Engine Preview is Back\\At the end of July I reviewed MSN's first tech preview for their new search engine. I wasn't impressed. (Man, I'm getting crabby. Hey you kids, get off my lawn! Where's my Geritol?!) Now there's another preview available at http://techpreview.search.msn.com/ and the relevancy is much ...
IceRocket Adds Blog Search to New Features IceRocket Adds Blog Search to New Features\\IceRocket, the search engine that has been hailed by many for their approach to "pioneering commercial search by putting the interests of wants and consumers before advertisers" has recently added some new features which are sure to increase their buzz - but not as ...
Anti-Spyware Bill Passed by House Anti-Spyware Bill Passed by House\\Legislation prohibiting spyware practices was passed Tuesday by the United States House of Representatives in a 399-1 vote. Termed the Spy Act, this bill not only prevents all things associated with spyware, but it also requires that opt-ins, notices and consents accompany any legal software that ...
Columnists: Fueling the Fire The latest Symantec Threat Report can provide us with information, knowledge, and even a little bit of wisdom -- about what has truly become an epidemic and an avenue for organized crime.
Microsoft Looks to Expand Windows at Home (AP) AP - Efforts by Microsoft Corp. and the PC industry to expand into to the living room will get a boost next week as they show off technologies that try to balance Hollywood's piracy fears with the appeal of digital media.
Sun: MS truce clears way to open source Solaris &lt;strong&gt;LinuxWorld&lt;/strong&gt; If that's selling out, we want to sell out more often
Blast in Egypt-Israel Border Hotel, Bomb Suspected (Reuters) Reuters - A huge blast tore through an Egyptian\hotel used by vacationing Israelis at the border resort of Taba\on Thursday, scattering dozens of bodies in what Israeli media\said was a suspected car bombing.
Iran Wants Syria Cooperation in Face of U.S. Pressure (Reuters) Reuters - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami\said on Thursday Syria and Iran had to cooperate for the sake\of peace in the Middle East and in the face of pressure from\the United States.
Crippled Sub Under Tow After Fire (Reuters) Reuters - A British tug on Thursday began towing a\crippled Canadian submarine to safety, a day after a fire\killed one crewman and critically injured another.
Peru TV Shows Images of Man Burned Alive (AP) AP - Peru's state-run television station broadcast images Thursday of villagers in the country's remote Lake Titicaca region dousing an accused thief with gasoline and setting him ablaze.
Red Sea hotel blast leaves at least seven wounded: Israeli medics (AFP) AFP - An explosion at a hotel in Egypt's Red Sea resort of Taba neighbouring Israel left several casualties, Israeli police and medical sources said.
Explosion Rattles Kabul Ahead of Elections (AP) AP - A loud explosion rattled the Afghan capital early Friday, the day before historic elections, and an international peacekeeper said the blast occurred several hundred yards from peacekeeping headquarters.
Democrats: Republican 'Hammer' should step down (AFP) AFP - Outraged Democrats called for the resignation of senior Republican lawmaker Tom DeLay for a  quot;disturbing pattern of corruption quot; following his censure by a House ethics panel.
Support independent journalism Please donate now to our Fall Fund Drive to help the Monitor bring you insightful, quality journalism.
US Wants Israel to Explain Comment on Peace Process  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States wants Israel to  further explain an Israeli official's statement that Israel  aims to freeze the peace process and effectively deny the  Palestinians a state, a U.S. official said on Thursday.
Ukraine enters third week of crisis with new deadlock (AFP) AFP - Ukraine entered its third week of political crisis with a new deadlock, as the opposition clashed with the ruling regime over changing the constitution ahead of a new runoff presidential vote ordered by the supreme court.
U.S. Bomb-Grade Plutonium Convoy to Cross France  BORDEAUX, France (Reuters) - A heavily guarded convoy of  vehicles believed to be carrying a large shipment of U.S.  weapons-grade plutonium crossed France on Thursday on its way  for recycling, despite protests by anti-nuclear campaigners.
Iran Wants Syria Cooperation in Face of U.S. Pressure  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami  said on Thursday Syria and Iran had to cooperate for the sake  of peace in the Middle East and in the face of pressure from  the United States.
Pro-Chavez Lawmakers Push for Venezuela Media Curbs  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan pro-government  lawmakers began a final drive on Thursday to push through a  media content bill that international watchdogs and opposition  leaders warn could gag the press.
Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home  ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of  schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.
Blast at hotel in Red Sea resort A possible gas explosion at a hotel on the border between Egypt and Israel causes several casualties.
Report: Saddam Benefitted From U.N. Deals NEW YORK - Suitcases full of cash, secret bank accounts, covert operatives, corrupt politicians on the take. A report detailing alleged illicit U.N...
Ravens' Lewis Pleads Guilty to Drug Charge ATLANTA - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis will be sentenced to four months in federal prison and two months in a halfway house after pleading guilty Thursday to a lesser charge in a federal drug conspiracy case.    Under the deal with prosecutors, Lewis would serve his sentence during the NFL offseason...
Insurgents Hit Baghdad Hotel With Rockets BAGHDAD, Iraq - Rockets struck a Baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the precarious security in the heart of the Iraqi capital. Outside Baghdad, roadside bombings killed two more American soldiers...
Explosion Rips Through Egyptian Hotel A strong explosion damaged the Hilton hotel in Egypt's Taba resort, only yards from the Israeli border, on Thursday night, witnesses said. Israeli medics said they had been informed of "a large number of casualties.
Brazil Seeks Airline Debt Payment Plan The government will allow financially troubled airline Vasp to continue operating for at least another six months if Brazil's fourth-largest airline comes up with a debt payment plan by Friday, Defense Minister Jose Viegas said Thursday.
Oil Prices Hit \$53 a Barrel, Then Stage a Retreat Over the summer, rising oil prices meant higher gasoline costs for drivers in the United States. This winter, as crude oil touched \$53 a barrel today, they will translate into higher heating bills for American households.
ECB holds rates steady The European Central Bank held its key interest rates steady on Thursday, amid signs it is becoming increasingly concerned about the negative effects on economic recovery of the runaway price of oil.
Alcoa Third-Quarter Profit Rises Aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. said Thursday that third-quarter profit rose 1.1 percent in the third quarter compared with a year ago, but fell significantly compared with the previous three months.
AMD Posts Profit, Sees Sales Growth Computer chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a third-quarter profit compared with a loss a year earlier and predicted a fourth-quarter pickup in sales.
AT amp;T to Cut Workforce 20, Take \$11.4 Bln Writedown (Update2) AT amp;T Corp., the largest US long- distance telephone company, will eliminate 20 percent of its workforce this year and write down \$11.
Apple, Dell Hit By LCD Patent Suit Dell Computer (Quote, Chart), Nokia (Quote, Chart) and Apple Computer (Quote, Chart) are among 34 companies manufacturing giant Honeywell (Quote, Chart) has filed suit against, charging they infringed its patent on liquid crystal display technology (LCD).
Browns' Suggs Impatient to Start (AP) AP - Waiting has become a part-time job for Lee Suggs, one he'd like to quit for good.
Phillies Eye Baylor, Manuel and Little (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Phillies are wasting no time trying to replace Larry Bowa, setting up interviews with former managers Don Baylor, Charlie Manuel and Grady Little for next week.
Denmark's First Players' Strike Is Over (AP) AP - Denmark's first soccer strike ended Thursday with an agreement between teams and the National Players' Association, which had walked out Aug. 17.
Vikings #39; Moss probable with ankle injury Randy Moss left Vikings practice Thursday afternoon with a sore ankle, but the All-Pro wide receiver isn #39;t expected to miss any action Sunday at Houston.
Hockey Players Look for Lockout Work (AP) AP - Just months ago, Steve Montador was living every hockey player's dream  #151; playing in the Stanley Cup finals. Now his Calgary Flames are closed for business  #151; along with the rest of the NHL  #151; and he's chasing pucks in front of 2,000 people in a remote corner of France.
Mauresmo Wins First Match at No. 1 (AP) AP - Amelie Mauresmo overcame a slow start to win her first match at No. 1 in the rankings, beating Patty Schnyder of Switzerland 7-5, 6-4 at the Porsche Grand Prix on Thursday.
Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.
Asian, European Leaders Gather in Vietnam for Annual Summit Leaders from 38 Asian and European nations are in Vietnam for a summit of the Asia-Europe Meeting, known as ASEM. The main purpose is to discuss global trade and international issues, but that the question 
Lewis Pleads Guilty Ravens running back Jamal Lewis will be sentenced to four months in federal prison and two months in a halfway house after pleading guilty Thursday to a lesser charge in a federal drug conspiracy case.
Portis Keeping Silent Clinton Portis, who said after Sunday's loss in Cleveland that the Browns seemed to know the Redskins' plays, is taking another tack this week: He's not talking.
Astros Lead Braves Jeff Bagwell and Raul Chavez homered, and the Houston Astros took a 2-0 lead over the Atlanta Braves heading into the fourth inning Thursday, as Houston moved a step closer to winning a playoff series for the first time.
Treasuries Slip as Payrolls Jitters Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell on  Thursday as anxiety over Friday's U.S. September payrolls  report largely overwhelmed relief at bond-friendly comments by  a top Federal Reserve official.
Stern Goes Satellite, But Will Listeners Follow? Sirius claims it will need to generate only one million more subscribers to pay for the five-year, US\$500 million deal with Stern.
Labor Costs, Hurricane Hit Alcoa Profit Alcoa Inc. (AA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest aluminum producer, said on Thursday that net income for the quarter rose slightly, as labor problems and 
PalmOne in partnership with Microsoft Is this a joke or is it a misleading headline? The answer is neither. It #39;s for real. PalmOne, the handheld manufacturers as opposed to PalmSource, the operating system company, signed a licensing agreement 
CA Opens Utility Pricing for Mainframes Keeping its promise to migrate toward more flexible pricing for its software, Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) has unleashed Measured Workload Pricing for its mainframe management products.
Aragones in trouble over racist remark Madrid: Spain coach Luis Aragones landed himself in trouble on Wednesday after appearing to make a racist comment about French striker Thierry Henry during a training session.
Clarke and McGrath punish India An innings of the utmost brilliance from a novice, a superb exhibition from a temporary captain, a precise burst from a returning paceman and a robust contribution from an underestimated 
Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Visit Prime Minister Tony Blair is on his way back to the UK following a three-day trip to Africa, Downing Street confirmed tonight. Mr Blair has cut short his visit to Ethiopia - he was due to return to the UK tomorrow.
Italy Transports 360 Migrants to Libya Italian military planes carried 360 would-be migrants from the Italian island of Lampedusa to Libya on Wednesday, a move that officials here described as an emergency response 
UPDATE 3-AMD posts profit, sees sales growth; shares rise Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a \$44 million third-quarter profit from a loss a year earlier, and predicted 
Alcoa profits up slightly despite fire, hurricane and strikes PITTSBURGH Alcoa reported slightly improved earnings today on higher aluminum prices, though the company was plagued throughout the third quarter by a fire, a hurricane and labor strife.
AT amp;T to Cut About 7,400 Jobs AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) will cut another 7,400 jobs and reduce the value of its assets by \$11.4 billion, spurred by its retreat from traditional consumer 
Bank of America to cut 4,500 jobs Bank of America Corp., which operates 25 branches in the Houston area, plans to cut about 2.5 percent, or 4,500 jobs, from its work force.
KPMG agrees to pay \$115 million to settle shareholder suit The accounting firm KPMG and a Belgian affiliate agreed Thursday to pay \$115 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit claiming the companies failed in their audit of Lernout  amp; Hauspie Speech Products, which later collapsed.
Reuters opens Bangalore office BANGALORE, Oct. 7. - Reuters, the 3.2-billion information group, opened its back office here today, its fourth such centre in the world after Tiverton in the UK, New York and Singapore.
Oracle Extends PeopleSoft Offer (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Thursday\said it had again extended its  #36;7.7 billion tender offer for\all of the common stock of rival business software maker\PeopleSoft Inc. , though it did not change the terms of\its hostile takeover proposal.
AT T Expands Job Cut Plan by 7,400 AT T Corp. is cutting 7,400 more jobs and slashing the book value of its assets by \$11.4 billion, drastic moves prompted by the company's plan to retreat from the traditional consumer telephone business following a lost court battle.
Shock Jock Dodges Censors With Move To Satellite Radio Howard Stern, one of the most popular but polarizing personalities in radio, has proclaimed his emancipation from the decency czars of the Federal Communications Commission.
Bank of America to cut 4,500 additional jobs Bank of America said Thursday that it would cut an additional 4,500 jobs from its work force, increasing the number pared since its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial by 36 percent, to 17,000.
Update 2: Brazil Seeks Airline Debt Payment Plan The government on Thursday extended the operating concession of financially troubled airline Vasp for another six months after the airline delivered a debt payment plan, the defense ministry said in a statement.
Kabul Blast Was Outside U.S. Embassy, No U.S. Casualties (Reuters) Reuters - An explosion in the Afghan capital\Kabul was 200 to 300 meters (yards) outside the U.S. embassy\and there were no U.S. casualties, a U.S. official said late on\Thursday.
European music-sharers face legal attack The entertainment industry took aim at law-breaking European internet file-sharers on Thursday, with the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) announcing plans to sue hundreds of copyright infringers.
Kodak, Sun Microsystems Settle Java Suit ROCHESTER, NY - Eastman Kodak Co. accepted a \$92 million payout by Sun Microsystems Inc. to settle a \$1 billion patent-infringement lawsuit over the Silicon Valley company #39;s Java programming language.
CORRECTED: Siebel Sees Sales Topping Street Business software maker Siebel Systems Inc. on Monday said third-quarter revenue would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
Texting Your Google Search Mobile SMS users in the United States received a new mobile search tool today courtesy of none other than Google (Quote, Chart). The new SMS service, now in beta at Google Labs, promises to help mobile users execute search queries via SMS (define).
What #39;s gone wrong with Tiger #39;s swing - by Vijay ST ANDREWS (Scotland) - Vijay Singh has avoided the  #39;Tiger Slump #39; debate - until now. In fact, the Fijian has come up with a theory about what is wrong with Tiger Woods #39; game: He has not adapted his swing to the changes in his body.
Young star salutes with ton on debut Aren #39;t we blessed to have so many young players breathing life into cricket just as soon as it comes a little predictable. It was about time the Australian selectors took the risk of giving Michael Clarke a baggy green cap.
Denmark soccer strike ends but parties refuse to disclose deal Denmark #39;s first ever soccer strike was called off Thursday according to the players #39; and clubs #39; representatives, who refused to release details of the agreement.
Explosion at Hotel Near Israel Leaves Many #39; Wounded (Update1) An explosion at a Hilton resort hotel frequented by Israelis on Egypt #39;s Red Sea coast near the border with Israel left many, many #39; #39; wounded, Israel #39;s Magen David Adom emergency medical service said.
Sunni leader blames Shi #39;ites MULTAN (Pakistan) - A leader of a radical Sunni group blamed yesterday #39;s bombings at a religious gathering on radical Shi #39;ite Muslims.
Bush administration seeks clarification of Israeli officials #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Bush administration expressed confidence Thursday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon intends to  quot;move forward quot; on peacemaking with the Palestinians after he withdraws Jewish settlers and Israeli troops from Gaza.
Howard has no regrets on Iraq as poll battle goes down to wire The Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, yesterday called on voters to trust him and refused to express regret over the Iraq war ahead of tomorrow #39;s general election.
Dems, GOP Claim Lead Going Into 2nd Debate (AP) AP - President Bush needs to do a lot more than improve his body language for Friday night's second debate, says Democrat John Edwards. The Republicans say it's John Kerry who's got the explaining to do about his policies.
Russian Envoy Sees Korea Nuclear Talks in Late Jan (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea could return to six-party\talks on its nuclear programs in late January after President\Bush forms his new cabinet, Russian ambassador to Japan\Alexander Losyukov said Monday.
Studies Question Ranking of Best Hospitals (AP) AP - Older patients with similar chronic conditions receive treatment that varies widely, even among the top-ranked hospitals, according to studies released Thursday that suggest more expensive and frequent intervention does not make for better care.
Blasts Hit Egyptian Resorts, 23 Feared Dead  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Suspected bomb blasts hit three  Egyptian Red Sea resorts used by vacationing Israelis on  Thursday and at least 23 people were feared dead from the  biggest explosion, Israeli media said.
Kabul Blast Was Outside U.S. Embassy, No U.S. Casualties  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An explosion in the Afghan capital  Kabul was 200 to 300 meters (yards) outside the U.S. embassy  and there were no U.S. casualties, a U.S. official said late on  Thursday.
UN Panel to Look Into Genocide in Sudan's Darfur  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan named a five-member panel on Thursday led by Italian  judge Antonio Cassese to investigate whether genocide has taken  place in Sudan's Darfur region.
Yes, but can your VoIP service do this? Vonage and AT #38;T, still locked in a price war, are separately planning new features in a battle for VoIP customers.
Brief: AT T lays off 20 of workforce AT T today announced layoffs affecting more than 20 of its workforce, far higher than the 8 it had said earlier in the year would be laid off.
IBM promotes open-source in India The new Open Source Software Resource Centre will be funded with \$1.2 million over three years and will try to promote open-source software by establishing a portal for exchanging information on the subject and initiating proof-of-concept projects.
Google introduces wireless service Text messaging users can use Google SMS to get specific search information such as prices, definitions, area codes, ZIP codes and phone listings.
Stocks Drop on Poor Retail Sales, Oil NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks sharply lower Thursday as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs pressured pharmaceutical stocks. The Dow Jones industrials, which include drug makers Pfizer Inc...
Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...
Blast Kills 23 on Egypt-Israeli Border CAIRO, Egypt - Three explosions shook popular resorts on Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, where Israelis were vacationing Thursday night at the close of a Jewish holiday, Egyptian officials and witnesses said.    The first blast, about 10 p.m., shook the Hilton hotel in the Taba resort, only yards from the Israeli border...
Sun, Kodak settle Java lawsuit SAN FRANCISCO - Sun Microsystems Inc. has agreed to pay US\$92 million to settle a software patent lawsuit brought against it by Eastman Kodak Co., Sun announced Thursday. The settlement comes just six days after a New York jury found Sun guilty of violating Kodak's patents, but before any damages had been awarded. Kodak had been seeking \$1.06 billion in lump sum royalties in the case.
PeopleSoft trial airs dirty laundry As PeopleSoft Inc. and Oracle Corp. continue dragging each other into courtrooms across the country, the trials are bringing to light reams of internal documents and discussions usually hidden from public view. Highlights so far from this week's case in Delaware's Chancery Court include:
Canon Introduces LCOS Projector New lens technology creates a versatile sub-\$5000 projector good for home theater or business.
UPDATE 1-Brazil ministry requests Vasp license extension The Brazilian defense ministry said on Thursday it had requested the president extend the flying license of indebted airline Vasp (VASP3.
Kidd Skipping Night Session, Irking Nets (AP) AP - Jason Kidd is refusing to attend night sessions during the New Jersey Nets' two-a-day practices at training camp, and he doesn't care if the team fines him for it.
Siebel #39;s New CEO Sees CRM Provider More As Partner Than Vendor  quot;CRM is not a product. CRM is not an event, quot; CEO Mike Lawrie says.  quot;It #39;s a business strategy to drive companies closer to their customers.
Microsoft Looks to Expand Windows at Home Efforts by Microsoft Corp. and the PC industry to expand into to the living room will get a boost next week as they show off technologies that try to balance Hollywood #39;s piracy fears with the appeal of digital media.
SAP touts NetWeaver enhancements OCTOBER 07, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Looking to penetrate further into the software infrastructure market, applications vendor SAP AG is rolling out a new set of Java and business intelligence enhancements to its NetWeaver middleware and integration stack.
Brady's Targets Depleted by Injury (AP) AP - When Tom Brady looked downfield last season, his top targets were Deion Branch and Troy Brown. He'll be focusing on other wide receivers Sunday.
Israel strikes refugee camp, killing two teens Two Palestinian teenagers are dead and three others wounded after an Israeli strike in northern Gaza. The Israeli military says the incident began when an unmanned drone aircraft spotted a flash from two suspicious 
Thomas Faces Long, Slow Rehabilitation (AP) AP - The Chicago White Sox are optimistic Frank Thomas' latest surgery will clear up chronic problems with his feet, but said the slugger faces a long, slow rehabilitation.
Three Explosions Reported In Egyptian Resort Areas CAIRO, Egypt -- A string of explosions Thursday rocked the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt, where Israelis have been celebrating the end of a Jewish holiday.
Ties to US and Asia at stake in Aussie polls SYDNEY - Voters face a stark foreign policy choice in tomorrow #39;s polls - Prime Minister John Howard #39;s unquestioning support for the United States alliance versus Labour opposition leader Mark Latham #39;s emphasis on building ties with Asia.
DBS warned of further supervisory action after safe deposit box &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DBS Group Holdings may face  quot;further supervisory action quot; after Hong Kong #39;s de facto central bank ordered it to investigate how 83 of its safe deposit boxes in its Hong Kong branch were destroyed.
Ferrero Upset by Ferrer at Lyon Open (AP) AP - Third-seeded Juan Carlos Ferrero was upset by David Ferrer 3-6, 7-5, 6-3 Thursday in the second round of the Lyon Open.
Correction: GLF-Woods-Wedding Story (AP) AP - In a story Oct. 6 about Tiger Woods' wedding, The Associated Press reported erroneously that Oprah Winfrey was among the guests. Winfrey was not invited and did not attend the wedding, according to her production company, Harpo.
Money Funds Rose in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds rose by  #36;135.5 million in the latest week to  #36;833.76 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
AT T to Cut About 7,400 Jobs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=T.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt; will cut another  7,400 jobs and reduce the value of its assets by \$11.4 billion,  spurred by its retreat from traditional consumer telephone  services, the company said on Thursday.
AMD Posts Profit, Sees Sales Growth  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Advanced Micro Devices Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday reported a \$44 million third-quarter profit  from a loss a year earlier, and predicted sales growth in the  current quarter because of better-than-expected demand for its  personal computers processors.
US Stocks Lower Investors sent US stocks sharply lower today as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs hit pharmaceutical stocks.
KPMG to Pay \$115 Mln to Settle Lernout  amp; Hauspie Suit (Update5) KPMG International, the world #39;s No. 4 accounting firm, will pay \$115 million to settle a class-action lawsuit over claims it helped Lernout  amp; Hauspie Speech Products NV artificially inflate sales for more than two years.
Big Music anti-piracy war p2pnet.net News:- Any lingering doubts as to whether or not the record label cartel has embarked on an all-out, across the board war against former clients to bludgeon them into buying  #39;product #39; have been dispelled.
CRM vendors branch out Siebel is aiming to take a larger role in enterprises, by branching out from customer relationship management (CRM) and by making its tools easier to use.
CA Introduces Usage-Based Pricing For Mainframe Software Computer Associates International Inc. on Thursday introduced usage-based pricing for its mainframe-management products in response to customer interest in the more flexible licensing model.
Mars Rover #39;s Wheels Are Malfunctioning A steering problem disabled the Mars rover Spirit Oct. 1, and the craft has not moved since, Space.com reported Wednesday. Spirit #39;s right-front and left-rear wheels did not operate as commanded, NASA said in a statement Tuesday.
John Doerr Disclaims Rumored GBrowser iseff writes  quot;Contrary to the rumors which have been circulating, John Doerr (VC and early investor in Google) told the Web 2.0 conference that although he believes in another browser war, Google won #39;t be a part of it.
Explosion rocks hotel in Taba, Egypt, killing 23 A huge explosion struck Hilton hotel at Egypt-Israel border, killing at least 23 people, Egyptian police sources said. Witnesses said they heard a second explosion at the Sinai desert region of Nuaiba, between the Taba and Sharm el-Sheikh.
Africa: Blair calls for action The Prime Minister made a passionate appeal to the developed nations to give the people of Africa more hope. Mr Blair was speaking at a summit in Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa of the Africa Commission, which 
Palestinian Teens Killed in Israeli Strike JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip Oct. 7, 2004 - Two Palestinian boys, ages 14 and 15, were killed in an Israeli missile strike on Thursday, their relatives said.
Two Rockets Hit Downtown Baghdad Sheraton Security guards at the Palestine hotel said two rockets hit the nearby Sheraton hotel, shattering windows and filling the main lobby of the hotel with smoke and debris.
US Stocks Fall in Broadest Decline Since July on Oil Prices US stocks fell in the broadest decline in more than two months as the price of oil climbed to \$53 a barrel, raising concern fuel costs will hamper profit growth.
Stocks Fall on \$53 Oil, Drug Sector Woes Stocks sank on Thursday as crude oil climbed to a record \$53 a barrel and major drug makers #39; shares slid on the possibility they will face more stringent scrutiny from regulators.
Blu-Ray Backers To Release Camcorders A group of companies backing the Blu-ray DVD format announced plans to release camcorders that are compliant with the standard and can record on smaller disks than are currently available.
Sun settles Kodak #39;s Java suit for \$92 million com October 7, 2004, 3:22 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
MS Word Security Flaw Reported A flaw in Microsoft Word 2000, and possibly Word 2002, could be used by hackers to crash PCs or run other code on the compromised machine.
Your Daily Tech News Service... GamePC have thrown up their review of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005! Here #39;s a snip. Windows XP Media Center Edition was originally launched roughly two years ago, and was the first variant 
Rover finds more evidence of water THE Mars rover Opportunity has found new evidence of past existence of water on the Red Planet, NASA said today. Opportunity keeps finding new clues of past water as it continues probing Mars, said mission 
AT amp;T asks if Microsoft is the best desktop choice Telecommunications giant AT amp;T has revealed that it is researching desktop alternatives (ie, Linux and Mac OS X) to Microsoft systems.
Taymor Shifts Crowns and Moves to Met (AP) AP - Julie Taymor shifts crowns Friday. Having conquered Broadway with "The Lion King," the celebrated director makes her Metropolitan Opera debut, taking on the Queen of the Night and all the forest creatures in a new production of Mozart's "Die Zauberfloete."
Sorry lads, the grass is NOT greener JUST over a year ago I travelled from Barcelona to Madrid on one of Spain #39;s inter-city trains. It was quite an experience. But there again, so is an attack of mumps.
MOTOR RACING: I WON #39;T BE THE BACK-MACHER THIS TIME MICHAEL SCHUMACHER last night shrugged off his Chinese torture and insisted he has nothing to prove in this weekend #39;s Japanese Grand Prix.
We wont let go this time, says Gilchrist BANGALORE, OCTOBER 7: Stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist said Australia were determined not to repeat the errors of 2001 after taking control of the first Test against India on Thursday.
Mauresmo wins first match at No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo of France overcame a slow start to win her first match at No. 1 in the rankings, beating Patty Schnyder of Switzerland 7-5, 6-4 at the Porsche Grand Prix on Thursday.
Packers quarterback Favre dealing with family tragedy once again For the second time in less than a year, Brett Favre is dealing with a death in the family. Favre #39;s brother-in-law died after crashing an all-terrain vehicle on the player #39;s property in Sumrall, Miss.
Too Far: Jamal Lewis should have his sentence lengthened Toward the end of last week, we heard that Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis had reached a plea bargain in regard to a drug distribution ring he and a childhood friend got going in 2000.
 #39;Small setback #39; for navy escalates into human tragedy, political &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - What began with word of a minor fire aboard a Canadian submarine in the North Atlantic has grown into an ongoing high seas drama carrying devastating personal consequences and a potentially high political cost.
Insurgents Hit Baghdad Hotel With Rockets Rockets struck a Baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the precarious security in the heart of the Iraqi capital.
Election doubt as UN staff ask to pull out Fresh doubts were raised over the feasibility of holding elections in Iraq yesterday with reports that the already minuscule United Nations team there wants to pull out because of the dangerous security situation.
Biologists Call Tropical Forest Protection (AP) AP - Fearful that growing pressure for development could cause the loss of vital plants and animals, biologists and conservationists are trying to rally new interest in protecting tropical forests and the keys they may hold for vital medicines.
UK's pay gap 'continuing to rise' The disparity between the earnings of the UK's top directors and their staff is continuing to widen, a report finds.
FCC delves into radio tag challenges Industry experts join government panel to look at what's keeping the old-fashioned bar code around.
Sun settles Kodak's Java suit for \$92 million The move comes less than a week after a jury ruled in Kodak's favor in the \$1 billion patent-infringement lawsuit.
Flaw found in older Office versions Microsoft blasts revelation of vulnerability in Word application.
US Still Wants Aircraft Deal with EU  quot;Our goal remains a new agreement benefitial to both sides, quot; says a senior official from Trade Representative Robert Zoellick #39;s office -- dismissing suggestions that the US action against the 
AT amp;T Cuts More Jobs AT amp;T Corp. on Thursday said it is reducing one fifth of its workforce this year and will record a non-cash charge of approximately \$11.
AT amp;T to Cut 7,400 More Jobs, Take \$11.4 Bln Writedown (Update3) AT amp;T Corp. said it will cut 7,400 more jobs this year and write down \$11.4 billion of assets as the phone company retreats from the residential business it once dominated.
Biovail Names Douglas Squires As New CEO Pharmaceutical company Biovail Corp. on Thursday said company founder Eugene Melnyk will give up the chief executive title and remain chairman.
GenVec Shares Plunge on Study Halt GenVec Inc. shares lost almost half their value Thursday after the Food and Drug Administration halted a study of its lead product candidate because the anti-cancer drug may increase blood clots in patients.
Record industry sues fans for illegally downloading music from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A year ago, Brianna LaHara felt the full weight of the American music business when the terrified 12-year-old was accused of illegally swapping songs online and forced to pay \$2,000 (1,175) compensation.
Sun: \$92M to settle Kodak suit Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. Thursday said it agreed to pay \$92 million to settle a long-running patent infringement lawsuit with Eastman Kodak Co.
Flaw found in older Office versions com October 7, 2004, 3:26 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Computer Associates Rolls Out On-Demand Pricing Computer Associates will offer an on-demand pricing model for many of its mainframe applications. The licensing program uses what CA calls  quot;measured-workload pricing quot; based on actual system 
Pires furious at Henry slur Robert Pires has called for action to be taken against the Spain coach, Luis Aragones, over racist comments apparently aimed at his Arsenal and France team-mate, Thierry Henry, which were picked up on television.
FIFA to finance lavish 2006 World Cup party BERLIN: Footballs world governing body FIFA will finance an extravagant, 22-million-euro, pre-World Cup party in Berlin in 2006, it was confirmed on Thursday.
Packers place Pederson on IR The Green Bay Packers placed backup quarterback Doug Pederson on injured reserve Thursday, ending his season. Pederson broke a rib, cracked a bone in his back and tore a muscle in his side in a 14-7 loss Sunday to the New York Giants.
2003 tri-series helped me: Clarke Bangalore, Oct. 8. (PTI): After winning the battle against Indian spinners Anil Kumble and Harbhajan Singh, Australia #39;s Test debutant Michael Clarke said the tour of 2003 for a triseries helped him adapt to the subcontinent conditions.
Run is back in Pittsburgh _ and Steelers are back in first place Hines Ward occasionally glances around the NFL, sees teams such as the Colts and Rams throwing down after down and wonders why it can #39;t be the Steelers.
Update 1: Regulators Ask Prosecutors to Probe UFJ Financial regulators on Thursday asked prosecutors to investigate allegations that UFJ Holdings Inc. #39;s banking unit illegally obstructed recent inspections by reporting misleading information about its nonperforming loans.
Man beheaded in Haitian capital A MAN #39;S beheaded body lay in the street in a seaside slum today near the smouldering remains of another beheaded corpse that was wrapped in tyres and set ablaze - victims accused of spying on loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Murdoch will have to play by Australian rules Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation yesterday agreed to be bound by key Australian rules when it reincorporates in the US. This will restrict Murdoch family #39;s ability to 
At least 35 die in Egyptian blasts A SERIES of explosions ripped through three Egyptian holiday resorts popular with Israelis last night, leaving at least 35 people dead and 160 more injured.
40 die in sectarian bomb attack AT LEAST 40 people were killed and more than 100 wounded in a double bomb attack at a religious commemoration in Pakistan yesterday, the nations second suspected sectarian attack in less than a week.
Oracle raps PeopleSoft customer refund program Oracle tells a judge the anti-takeover measure is unnecessary and ties the hands of a future board of directors.
India to grow at 8 for 10 years: FM The Indian economy is poised for sustained economic growth of 7-8 per cent for the next ten years, Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram told participants in a keynote address at the opening session of the World Economic Forum #39;s 20th India Economic 
Oracle again extends PeopleSoft offer Oracle Corp. has again extended its \$7.7 billion cash offer for PeopleSoft Inc. by two weeks. Shareholders now have until Oct. 22 to tender their shares, Oracle said Thursday.
AT T boosts 2004 job cuts to 20 percent AT T Corp. will cut more than 20 percent of its workforce this year, ratcheting up its planned layoffs from a previously estimated target of 8 percent, the long-distance telecommunications carrier announced Thursday.
TI-Qualcomm cross-licensing deal upheld again A Delaware judge has thrown out the last claim against Texas Instruments Inc. (TI) filed by Qualcomm Inc. in a licensing dispute between the two companies, ending the current round of litigation, TI said in a release Wednesday.
Rochester Business Journal Bank of America Corp. will make further cuts to its work force, eliminating another 4,500 positionsor 2.5 percent of its employee baseduring the next six months.
UPDATE 2-US Air seeks court-imposed cuts in wages, benefits Bankrupt US Airways Group Inc. (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday asked a court to impose wage and benefit cuts on its union employees to save 
US Stocks Edge Higher as Oil Tops \$52 US stocks were higher on Wednesday even as crude oil prices touched a record at over \$52 per barrel, which helped boost energy shares.
House Passes Resolution Honoring X Prize Recipients WASHINGTON, DC- By a voice vote, the House of Representatives last night approved a resolution introduced by Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Chairman Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA) congratulating Mojave Aerospace Ventures for winning the X Prize and 
Who spends the IT industry #39;s R amp;D dollars anyway? During his opening keynote at TechXNY on Tuesday, Computer Associates #39; interim CEO Ken Cron threw out a number that struck me kind of funny: \$20 billion.
Gordon Cooper, NASA Mercury Pioneer, Dies LOS ANGELES Oct. 4, 2004 - Gordon Cooper, who was the youngest and perhaps cockiest member of the original seven Mercury astronauts and set the space endurance record that helped clear the way for the first moon landing, has died.
Edmistone eases into semi-finals Australia #39;s Jade Edmistone has qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the women #39;s 50 metres breast stroke at the World Short Course Swimming Championships in Indianapolis.
Mauresmo underlines new status Mauresmo, 25, took time to find her rhythm against her Swiss opponent but, when her trademark backhand finally clicked, she dominated to take a place in the last eight.
Button in Silverstone plea Jenson Button believes the potential loss of the British Grand Prix would be  quot;devastating quot; for Formula One. The race is facing the axe in 2005 because the British Racing Drivers #39; Club has failed to meet the asking price for promotional rights.
Room for Owen, Rooney and Defoe as Sven looks forward ALL week Sven Goran Eriksson has been bombarded with advice on whether Michael Owen, Wayne Rooney or Jermain Defoe should be given the nod to play in attack against Wales in tomorrows World Cup qualifying match at Old Trafford.
Three share lead in South Carolina North Augusta, SC (Sports Network) - Grace Park, Kim Saiki and Silvia Cavalleri each posted rounds of six-under-par 66 on Thursday to share the first-round lead of the Asahi Ryokuken International Championship.
Islamist group claims resort blasts A CAR bomb that ripped through a hotel on the Red Sea coast of Egypt #39;s Sinai desert early today was one of three explosions targeting tourists, killing at least 35 people dead and wounding scores more.
Sadr Militia Offers to Surrender Arms BAGHDAD, 8 October 2004 - Militiamen loyal to Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr offered yesterday to surrender heavy and medium weapons in return for the release of prisoners and a role in Iraqs political process, hours after the US military freed one of 
UN envoy returns to Iraq for meetings on transition The top United Nations envoy for Iraq has returned to Baghdad this week and is meeting with a wide spectrum of Iraqi political leaders and actors to see how theworld body 
Blog Search Engines Blog Search Engines\\When searching for blogs or marketing your own blog, one must always take blog search engines and directories into account. Some blog search engines search databases of thousands of blogs, while some search through their own directory listings. If you own a blog, you're going to want to ...
News: Shifting cyber threats menace factory floors A new report says that external attackers have overtaken insiders as the most likely cyber threat to remote-controlled factory equipment. 
Sirius goes stellar (Variety) Variety - NEW YORK -- Shares in Sirius Satellite Radio surged for a second day as investors flocked to the satcaster in the wake of the Howard Stern deal.
More Protection Urged for Rare Toothfish at CITES (Reuters) Reuters - Environmentalists urged fishing nations\Thursday to do more to protect the rare Patagonian toothfish,\dubbed the "white gold" of the sea which is being driven to\extinction by rampant poaching.
About 100 Wounded at Egypt's Taba Hospital-Source (Reuters) Reuters - About 100 people were taken to a hospital\in the Egyptian border resort of Taba on Thursday after a huge\blast tore through an Egyptian hotel, a hospital source said.
France Urges Caution in Oil-For-Food Case (AP) AP - France urged caution Thursday in dealing with a U.S. inspector's allegations it was involved in corruption at the U.N. oil-for-food program in Iraq, while others singled out in the report rejected the charges as "far-fetched."
Japanese FM presses case for reducing US military presence (AFP) AFP - Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura pressed the United States to reduce its military presence in Japan, saying it was  quot;very important quot; and that Tokyo expected a  quot;reasonable solution. quot;
Woman mauled by grizzly in southern Alberta, escapes to find help (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BLAIRMORE, Alta. (CP) - A woman who stumbled upon a grizzly bear sow and two cubs in a wilderness area of southwestern Alberta was mauled Thursday but managed to escape.
Ex-U.S. Official Cites Syrian Cooperation (AP) AP - Syrian President Bashar Assad is offering to make peace with Israel and says he is ready to cooperate with the United States in stabilizing Iraq, a former senior State Department official said Wednesday.
Survey: State leads in use of generics Massachusetts leads the nation in the use of generic drugs, with 51 percent of its prescriptions written for the cheaper, non-brand medications, according to a survey.
Court Says U.S. Company Must Pay in Iran Murder Case  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The family of an Iranian-American  dissident assassinated on Tehran's orders is entitled to  millions of dollars in assets owed to Iran by a California  defense contractor, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Thursday.
Afghans refugees see hope in their absentee ballots About 740,000 Afghans who fled violence and repression at home are expected to vote in Saturday's election.
For marines on raids, an eerie silence Apparently lifeless towns like Haswah, a chronic site of insurgency, may typify what control US-Iraqi forces can achieve.
Extra cash for 'super-microscope' The giant Diamond synchrotron being built in Oxfordshire in southern England is to receive a further 120m of funding.
Nobel Peace winner to be named Speculation grows ahead of Friday's announcement of the 2004 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize.
Rights 'catastrophe' in Chechnya The Council of Europe says human rights in Chechnya are "catastrophic" - not the view of the region's president.
Kabul explosion on eve of polls Afghan and American troops seal off the diplomatic district in  Kabul after a rocket explodes in the area.
Mars Rovers Probing Water History at Two Sites NASA's Spirit and Opportunity have been exploring Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled. The more they look, the more evidence of past liquid water on Mars these robots discover.
Incubus Singer Arrested at N.Y. Airport NEW YORK - The lead singer of the rock band Incubus was arrested for a carrying a switchblade in his bag while trying to board a plane on his way to a concert in North Carolina.    Brandon Boyd, 28, was stopped Wednesday at LaGuardia Airport when baggage screeners spotted the knife in his carry-on luggage, said Lou Martinez, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the airport...
Bush, Cheney Concede Saddam Had No WMDs WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...
Blasts Kill 30 on Egypt-Israeli Border CAIRO, Egypt - An explosion tore through a resort hotel Thursday night where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday, killing at least 30 people and wounding more than 100, officials said.    Two smaller blasts were reported later at other tourist sites in Egypt's Sinai peninsula, and witnesses gave unconfirmed reports that car bombs caused all three blasts...
Astros and Braves Tied 2-2 After 8 ATLANTA - Jeff Bagwell and Raul Chavez homered early for the Houston Astros, but the Atlanta Braves rallied to a 2-2 tie heading into the ninth inning Thursday, as Houston sought its first victorious playoff series.    Houston took a 1-0 series lead into Game 2 against Atlanta at Turner Field...
Blasts Kill 30 on Egypt-Israeli Border CAIRO, Egypt - Three explosions shook popular resorts on Egypt's Sinai Peninsula on Thursday night as many Israelis vacationed at the close of a Jewish holiday. Officials said at least 30 people were killed and 114 wounded, and witnesses gave unconfirmed reports that all three explosions were caused by car bombs...
Google Introduces Google SMS Continuing their (exponential?) company growth, Google has introduced another service, this time, aimed at the mobile phone generation.
Judge allows ex-Computer Associates CEO #39;s business travel A federal judge in Brooklyn said Thursday that the former Computer Associates CEO can leave the country to attend a computer conference in France.
Furcal's 11th-Inning Homer Ties Series for Braves (Reuters) Reuters - Rafael Furcal smacked a two-run homer\in the bottom of the 11th inning to hand the Atlanta Braves a\4-2 victory over the Houston Astros in the National League\Divisional Series Thursday.
Western hotel in heart of Baghdad hit by rockets Rockets struck a Baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the insecurity even in the heart of the capital.
Johnny Damon Complains of Migraines (AP) AP - Boston Red Sox center fielder Johnny Damon is having a recurrence of migraine headaches that first bothered him after a collision in last year's playoffs.
Rodgers Hoping to Star in Cal Showdownn (AP) AP - This time, Aaron Rodgers is determined to finish what he starts against top-ranked USC.
Network Adds Delay to Nascar Telecasts NBC is adding a 5-second delay to its Nascar telecasts after Dale Earnhardt Jr. used a vulgarity during a postrace interview last weekend.
Nintendo handheld to feature wireless downloading Device will eventually let people download sample games at stores, as well as game data included in films at movie theaters.
Photo 1 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Record crude oil prices rise for 3rd day Crude oil futures rose to a record for a third day, reaching US\$52.53 a barrel in New York, on concern US supplies may be insufficient to meet demand this winter.
Judge weighs airline #39;s request for 23-percent pay cut ALEXANDRIA, Va. A federal bankruptcy judge is weighing whether to grant US Airways #39; request to impose 23-percent pay cuts on its workers to shore up its financial position while it reorganizes.
Grimsby feels the chill as Birds Eye site shuts Unilever is shutting its Birds Eye factory in Grimsby with the loss of 600 jobs as part of an attempt by the consumer goods giant to revive its struggling frozen food arm.
Nintendo handheld to feature wireless downloading TOKYO--Nintendo president Satoru Iwata revealed on Thursday that the company #39;s dual-screen DS handheld gaming console can download game data wirelessly, then play it back.
Google launches new site for readers, publishers Leading web search engine Google launched a new site for book lovers at the world #39;s largest publishing show on Thursday that will provide a new avenue for sales.
Music chiefs turn to law to stop internet downloading The music industry is to sue 28 people in London and the South-east alleged to have illegally swapped music over the internet, mimicking tough legal action in the United 
Blu-ray Disc Association Launches With More Than 70 Companies More than 70 companies from the consumer electronics, information technology, media producers, and software industries held the first official meeting of the Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA).
NASA Mars Rovers Find More Signs of Water The Mars rovers have found fresh evidence that water was plentiful in both the hills and plains of the now-barren Red Planet, scientists at NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory said on Thursday.
Microsoft Probes Flaw in ASP.NET Microsoft Corp. is investigating a reported security flaw in its ASP.NET technology that could allow intruders to access password-protected sections of a Web site simply by altering a URL.
Braves rally to even series ATLANTA - With plenty of incentive, Rafael Furcal made sure the Atlanta Braves #39; season lasts at least two more games. Set to report to jail once the post-season ends, Furcal hit a two-out, two-run homer 
Twins #39; young guns impress The notion that young people should be seen, and not heard, has never caught on within the Twins organization. Not in Spring Training.
Blasts Kill 30 on Egypt-Israeli Border EILAT, Israel Oct. 7, 2004 - An explosion tore through a resort hotel in Egypt #39;s Sinai Peninsula, where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday Thursday night, killing at least 30 people and wounding more than 160, officials said.
Ten Palestinians killed in IDF operations in territories Ten Palestinians and a Thai worker were killed over the past two days in clashes in the territories, mainly in the Gaza Strip, with Operation Days of Penitence entering its 10th day this morning.
Israel kills 3 more including children JABALIYA (Gaza Strip) - Three Palestinians, including two children, were killed by Israeli fire in Gaza yesterday as the UN delivered aid to Palestinian families trapped in the Jabaliya refugee camp.
AT amp;T deepening workforce slashing, taking \$11.4-billion asset &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (CP) - AT amp;T is deepening its job cuts and now expects to eliminate 20 per cent of its workforce this year. The formerly dominant long-distance telecommunications operator also said Thursday it will 
News Ltd bows to shareholder demands over move to US The Australian Council of Super Investors was one group that had urged News Corp to include major provisions of Australian corporate law in its proposed new US constitution in order to protect Australian shareholders.
Google Launches Beta of SMS Search Queries Google has launched a beta test to let US mobile phone and handheld device users tap into its search results via the short message service (SMS) platform.
VoIP to Reach 10 of US Homes in 5 Years VoIP will reach about 400,000 US households by the end of this year, a number that will grow to 12.1 million, or 10 percent of all homes in the US, by 2009, according to a forecast by New-York-based research firm JupiterResearch.
Braves Beat Astros 4-2 to Even National League Playoff Series Rafael Furcal hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the 11th inning as the Atlanta Braves beat the Houston Astros 4-2 to even their first-round National League playoff series at one game apiece.
Lonard second in Scotland Australian golfer Peter Lonard is tied for second after the opening round of the Links Championship event at St Andrews, Scotland.
Analysis / Culprits unknown, but goals a plenty Suicide bombers, booby-trapped cars or a gas leak; by midnight it was still impossible to get confirmed information from official Egyptian sources.
Egypt: Sinai blasts linked to Israel #39;s Gaza raid Egyptian government spokesman Magdy Rady linked to the Israeli military operation against the Palestinians in the neighboring Gaza Strip, where 84 Palestinians have been killed in an Israeli offensive that began on Sept.
Retailers Post Modest Gains in September NEW YORK Oct. 7, 2004 - The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain Thursday as the nation #39;s largest retailers reported they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
Cingular opposes Nextel plan WASHINGTON -- Cingular Wireless has urged communications regulators to reject a request by rival Nextel Communications Inc. to lower the cost of its plan to swap airwaves with the government, which is aimed at reducing interference with public safety communications.
Google Rolls Out Test of Short Message Service Google Inc. on Thursday announced a new test service that allows people to use mobile phones or handheld devices to tap Google #39;s Web search via text messages, or short message service.
McDowell rides Old Course luck Graeme McDowell, another great talent from the Walker Cup crop of 1999-01, equalled the course record yesterday and so took the lead in the Dunhill Links Championship.
Ever Busy, Phelps Gets Back to Main Thing; Doesn #39;t it seem as though Michael Phelps just got out of the pool at the Olympics in Athens? He has barely had enough time to dry off, let alone spend any quality time at his usual haunts in suburban Baltimore 
Kewell, Aloisi and Viduka on sidelines HARRY Kewell and John Aloisi did not travel with the Socceroos to the Solomon Islands yesterday, adding a touch of uncertainty to tomorrow #39;s Confederations Cup qualifying tie regarded as a foregone conclusion a week ago.
FTC Files First 'Spyware' Case in U.S. (AP) AP - The Federal Trade Commission on Thursday filed the first case in the country against software companies accused of infecting computers with intrusive "spyware" and then trying to sell people the solution.
Google Rolls Out Test of Short Message Service (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. on Thursday announced\a new test service that allows people to use mobile phones or\handheld devices to tap Google's Web search via text messages,\or short message service.
Frontier justice won't stop the spam Spam makes sense. Sure, most of it reads like filthy gibberish. But the authors of this dreck are not semi-literate perverts. They're cool, rational business folk who have found a sleazy but effective way to make a buck.
Windows Media Center survives in shrinkwrap purgatory Batteries not included, Sopranos not recordable
Afghans Prepare to Vote, Security Fears Loom (Reuters) Reuters - Afghans have one day left to make up\their minds about who to vote for as their country's first\elected president even though threats of violent reprisals by\Taliban militants may deter some from casting their ballots.
Cuba Hospitalizes Dissident After Wife's Protest (Reuters) Reuters - Cuban authorities transferred a jailed\dissident suffering from a herniated disc to a military\hospital on Thursday after his wife staged an unprecedented\protest in Havana's Revolution Square.
Canada Lawmakers Avoid No-Confidence Vote (AP) AP - Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin reached a last-minute agreement with opposition leaders Thursday night to avoid a no-confidence vote in Parliament that could have brought an end to his government and new elections.
At least 30 killed in blasts at Egyptian resorts frequented by Israelis (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - An explosion tore through an Egyptian resort hotel Thursday night where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday, killing at least 30 people and wounding more than 100, officials said.
AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue  #151; national security.
Player can't hit the high notes As more and more retailers try to cash in on the online music scene, things are becoming increasingly befuddling for consumers -- especially for consumers who stray from the Apple iPod fold.
Cuba Hospitalizes Dissident After Wife's Protest  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuban authorities transferred a jailed  dissident suffering from a herniated disc to a military  hospital on Thursday after his wife staged an unprecedented  protest in Havana's Revolution Square.
Ministers 'sorry' for Iraq error Cabinet minister Patricia Hewitt says the entire Cabinet is sorry for the failings in intelligence used to justify the war in Iraq.
Baghdad 'Safe Zone' Proves Vulnerable in Hotel Attack Insurgents fired two rockets into the Ishtar Sheraton Hotel in central Baghdad, setting rooms ablaze and forcing an evacuation.
Times Reporter Is Held in Contempt in Leak Inquiry Judith Miller was held in contempt after she refused to divulge sources to prosecutors investigating the leak of an undercover C.I.A. officer's identity.
Thornton Gets Star on Hollywood Walk LOS ANGELES - Billy Bob Thornton got a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame Thursday - as well on a special greeting on the pages of Variety from ex-wife Angelina Jolie.   "Billy, I love your brilliant mind...
Blasts Kill 30 on Egypt-Israeli Border EILAT, Israel - An explosion tore through a resort hotel in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday Thursday night, killing at least 30 people and wounding more than 160, officials said.    Two smaller blasts were reported later at other tourist sites in the Sinai, and witnesses gave reports that car bombs caused all three explosions...
Reuters re-writing journalistic rules BANGALORE: With global information group Reuters launching its data centre operations in Bangalore, journalism is being given a new spin.
AT amp;T expands job cut plan by about 7,500 Company also will slash value of its assets by \$11.4 billion. Moves are prompted by plan to retreat from traditional consumer telephone business.
KPMG Units Agree to Pay to Settle Malpractice Suits The American and Belgian arms of KPMG International, a global accounting cooperative based in Switzerland, have agreed to pay \$115 million to settle claims of accounting malpractice growing 
Snow says US tax reforms likely to focus on capital Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Thursday that future revisions to the US tax code would likely feature more write-offs to capital purchases by businesses.
AT and T to cut workforce by 20 US telecom giant AT and T will shrink even further, announcing on Thursday it would cut 20 percent of its workforce in 2004 and take an \$US11.
Mars rover plots crater  #39;escape #39; while twin keeps climbing hills NASA #39;s Mars rovers don #39;t seem to be wearing out so mission planners have begun to think more boldly, including a plan to let one climb up a steep  quot;escape hatch quot; from a crater it has been exploring and set out on a trek across a plain.
Windows Media Center survives in shrinkwrap purgatory Microsoft #39;s Media Center has survived the New Year cull, but it now looks set to inhabit the strange zone of purgatory between being a fully-marketed product and the remaindered bin.
More protection urged for rare toothfish toothfish, dubbed the  quot;white gold quot; of the sea, which is being driven to extinction by rampant poaching. other threatened species, quot; the US-based National Environment Trust (NET) said in a report on Thursday.
Los Angeles to bid for Summer Olympics After hosting the Summer Olympics in 1932 and 1984, the City of Angels may submit a bid for the Games. The City Council unanimously endorsed a proposal Wednesday to vie for the Summer Games as early as 2016.
Sponsored bibs to attract hosts In an attempt to encourage more cities to bid for world events, FINA will from next year introduce the wearing of bibs bearing sponsors #39; names for swimmers as they march to the poolside.
Bradley back in lineup following confrontation Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, a day following a clubhouse confrontation between the outfielder and a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
Lidge Blows Save, Micelli Loses Game (AP) AP - Phil Garner insisted bringing in Brad Lidge in the seventh inning was business as usual. For the Houston closer, the result was quite unusual.
Dozens killed in bomb blasts at Sinai resorts The surge of violence in the Middle East spilled across Israel #39;s southern border into Egypt last night as more than 30 holidaymakers were killed and scores more injured in a devastating series of apparently coordinated car bomb attacks in Red Sea resorts.
Geldof flies the flag for the poor The great and the good of Africa and international finance, hidden inside cavalcades of ageing limos flanked by motorcycle outriders flying the yellow and gold flag of Ethiopia, poured into the UN building in the heart of Addis Ababa in great long lines 
Photo 3 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Photo 8 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Photo 2 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Photo 5 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Photo 6 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Heavy rain hits Suzuka on Friday The forecasts had predicted rain throughout the weekend here at Suzuka and so far, they havent lied!
Photo 7 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Suzuka: not for the faint-hearted Along with Spa, the Japanese circuit is one of the toughest of the year. The drivers cannot afford the slightest mistake but can make a real difference.
Photo 4 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
HP launches standards-based telecommunications push Hewlett-Packard Co. on Thursday signaled its commitment to the Intel Corp. processor architecture and carrier-grade Linux for telecommunications infrastructure, announcing it will introduce a blade server based on those specifications as part of a new hardware, software and services strategy.
With Oil Prices Up, It Could Be a Long Winter This winter, rising oil prices will translate into higher heating bills for households.
More Job Cuts Set by AT T; Total to Hit 20 of Staff The company said most cuts would come in its network operations division, where work has become increasingly automated, and in the customer service group.
Airline Workers See Their Security Quickly Vanish Employees at US Airways, Delta and United are facing the stark realization that the security they hoped their jobs would provide is being taken away.
KPMG Units Agree to Pay to Settle Malpractice Suits The American and Belgian arms of KPMG International have agreed to pay \$115 million to settle claims of accounting malpractice.
Phelps wins first medal at Short Course World Championships Michael Phelps led all the way in winning the 200-meter freestyle at the World Short Course Championships on Thursday night, giving the world #39;s best swimmer a chance to equal the six gold medals he won at the Athens Olympics.
Bank of America to Cut 4,500 More Jobs The Bank of America Corporation said yesterday that it would cut an additional 4,500 jobs from its ranks, beginning this month, as it simplifies operations.
Drug Stocks Down on Safety Concerns Drug stocks across the board fell amid renewed safety concerns over a class of blockbuster drugs used to treat arthritis. Preprint articles published on the New England Journal of Medicine #39;s Web site Wednesday 
Select Comfort Cuts 3Q Profit Forecast Mattress retailer Select Comfort Corp. on Thursday said its same-store sales grew 15 percent in the third quarter ended Oct. 2, but lowered its profit forecast due to charges from boosting its warranty reserve during the period.
Sun and Kodak Settle Out of Court prostoalex writes  quot;The patent dispute between Eastman Kodak and Sun Microsystems in regards to three patents that EK claimed Sun was violating with Java, came to an end.
Lidge blows save in longest stint of season Phil Garner insisted bringing in Brad Lidge in the seventh inning was business as usual. For the Houston closer, the result was quite unusual.
Park heads three-way tie at Asahi Ryokuken Grace Park had four straight birdies on the back nine in a 6-under 66 that put her in a tie for the lead with Kim Saiki and Silvia Cavalleri after Thursday #39;s opening round of the LPGA Asahi Ryokuken International Championship.
Soccer / Extravaganza to kick off 2006 World Cup World football #39;s governing body, FIFA, will hold an event to mark the opening of the 2006 World Cup in Germany on the eve of the opening game, the organization #39;s president, Sepp Blatter, announced yesterday.
Tragic new chapter in history of town synonymous with the peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Beneath the sparkling five-star tourist sheen of Taba lies a richly historical region that is littered with memories of failed Middle East peace processes.
Mars Rovers Planners Plot Crater 'Escape' (AP) AP - NASA's Mars rovers don't seem to be wearing out, so mission planners have begun to think more boldly  #151; including a plan to let one climb up a steep slope from a crater it has been exploring to set out across a plain.
Study: Stem Cells Emit Healing Molecules (AP) AP - Embryonic stem cells may not have to actually grow replacement body parts to be useful. New research suggests these cells also secrete healing molecules powerful enough to reverse a lethal birth defect in mice.
Rare, Large Hornets Breeding in Arkansas (AP) AP - Entomologists at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville say a rare breed of hornet known as the European hornet is breeding for the first time in northwest Arkansas.
Malden Mills workers OK strike LAWRENCE -- Seven hundred workers at Malden Mills Industries could go on strike as early as tomorrow after the mill's largest union voted to reject the company's final contract offer.
AOL Shifts Strategy For years, America Online Inc. grew steadily  by treating subscribers to exclusive content  it hoped would produce the sort of captive audience that advertisers crave. But now, with users departing for online competitors, company officials are re-thinking their strategy. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
GenVec Halts Human Testing of Top Drug GenVec Inc. has suspended human testing of its leading drug, a potential cancer therapy, after a patient died during a study. Its stock closed at \$1.20, down \$1.06. But analysts said the link between the death and the drug has yet to be proved. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Stern's Move Is a Signal Event  Though Howard Stern's defection from broadcast to satellite radio is still 16 months off, the industry is already trying to figure out what will fill the crater in ad revenue and listenership that he is expected to leave behind.
AT T Plans More Cuts In Workforce AT T Corp. said it would restructure its business, cutting 20 percent of its jobs and writing down the value of its network by \$11.4 billion, as it winds down its residential telephone business.
Australia Govt in Pole Position for Saturday Vote  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's government looked set for a  fourth straight term, according to a poll trend released on the  eve of Saturday's election, as rival leaders made last-minute  pitches over the economy and the U.S.-led Iraq war.
ECB leaves interest rates unchanged European Central Bank holds rates at record low of 2, citing concerns about soaring oil prices. BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Central Bank left its key interest rate unchanged Thursday, taking more time 
Parmalat sues bank MILAN: Parmalat #39;s administrators sued Bank of America yesterday, the latest of several lawsuits against some of the world #39;s biggest financial institutions over the food group #39;s 14 billion-euro bankruptcy.
Stocks: Energy costs and retail sales worry investors Disappointing retail sales and oil prices that threatened to top \$53 per barrel sent stocks lower Thursday as investors worried that rising energy costs could further hamper consumer spending.
US Airways: Workers should not count on pension US Airways lawyers told a federal bankruptcy judge here Thursday that the carrier can #39;t afford to maintain its current pension plans.
Asian Stocks Fall as Oil Heads for 4th Weekly Gain; Sony Drops Asian stocks fell as a fourth weekly gain in oil prices increased concern that record fuel costs will stifle consumer spending. Sony Corp.
Birds Eye jobs among 1,400 to go in cost cuts Foods giant Unilever is to close one of its Birds Eye factories with the loss of 600 jobs in an effort to cut costs, as two other companies also revealed job cuts in the UK.
Kodak, Sun Microsystems Settle Java Suit Eastman Kodak Co., poised to ask for more than \$1 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems Inc., has reached an out-of-court settlement in a long-running patent dispute over the Silicon Valley company #39;s Java programming language.
Mars Rover Find Possible New Evidence of Past Water The US space agency NASA says one of its two rovers on Mars has found possible fresh evidence that liquid water existed there in the past.
Microsoft Lets the Digital Media Play Microsoft is making a major push into the entertainment world with the launch this week of its Portable Media Center platform. The software, which will be available first on a device from Creative, allows 
Exploring other browser options In the wake of the browser wars of the late 1990s, Microsofts Internet Explorer has reigned supreme - at least in the PC market.
Border Patrol expands fingerprint searches Border Patrol agents and other federal law enforcement officers can now simultaneously search through two federal fingerprint databases to see if aliens crossing illegally into the United States are wanted by authorities.
Phelps wins first medal, Sandeno wins three at Short Course World &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Phelps led all the way in winning the 200-meter freestyle at the World Short Course Championships on opening night Thursday, giving the world #39;s best swimmer a chance to equal the six gold medals he won at the Athens Olympics.
Frazar, six others share lead in Vegas Harrison Frazar took some time off to rest and find a way to make golf fun again. For the second week in a row it paid off with a share of the first-round lead, though he 
MAURESMO BATTLES BACK IN GERMANY Newly-crowned world number one Amelie Mauresmo struggled in her second-round clash in Filderstadt on Thursday before progressing to the quarter-finals of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix.
Smoltz, Lidge big factors in Game 2 The box score says John Smoltz and Brad Lidge did not figure in this Game 2 thriller. Typical of the  quot;win-at-all-costs quot; mind-set that the Astros and Braves carried into 
US goes to El Salvador in search of road points Washington, DC (Sports Network) - The United States men #39;s national team is aware of its struggles in Central America, but knows it needs points Saturday in El Salvador to assure a spot in the next World Cup qualifying round.
NFL Star Lewis Expected to Serve Prison Term in Drug Case National Football League running back Jamal Lewis will not be able to outrun a trip to jail. The Baltimore Ravens player is expected to be sentenced to four months in federal prison and two months in a halfway 
Notes: Bradley incident in the past Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley and Los Angeles Times reporter Jason Reid, who engaged in a clubhouse altercation after Wednesday #39;s workout, met before Game 2 on Thursday night.
Kidd skipping night practices, irking Nets Jason Kidd is refusing to attend night sessions during the New Jersey Nets #39; two-a-day practices at training camp, and he doesn #39;t care if the team fines him for it.
Reservations Decline at US Airways US Airways Group Inc. attorneys and executives acknowledged in bankruptcy court Thursday that bookings had fallen more steeply than they had anticipated in reaction to their Chapter 11 filing last month.
Israeli FM asks Egypt to help rescue Israeli wounded In the wake of three explosions that had killed at least 35 people in Egypt #39;s Sinai Desert, Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom on Friday asked his Egyptian counterpart to help rescue Israeli wounded.
Libyan, Italian leaders inaugurate gas pipeline Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and visiting Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Thursday inaugurated a natural gas pipeline linking their countries beneaththe Mediterranean, news from Tripoli reported.
Stern's Move Is a Signal Though Howard Stern's defection from broadcast to satellite radio is still 16 months off, the industry is already trying to figure out what will fill the crater in ad revenue and listenership that he is expected to leave behind.
Ex-Enron Official Details Merrill Lynch Deal HOUSTON, Oct. 7 -- The government prepared Thursday to rest its fraud and conspiracy case against four former Merrill Lynch   Co. executives and two former mid-level Enron Corp. executives, following testimony from a key Enron executive that a barge sale was a sham designed to inflate profits.
Money From Salvadoran Immigrants Aids Farming Cooperative Back Home SAN PEDRO MASAHUAT, El Salvador -- Marta Sonia Ayala hunched over a metal table in a room that resembles a large restaurant kitchen, scooping heaps of a light brown powder into plastic bags. Later, she placed the bags of &lt;em&gt;frijolito&lt;/em&gt; -- beans ground into flour -- in a heat-sealing machine, placed colored labels on them and shipped them to 22 stores throughout the country where they would sell for \$1.35 a pound.
Martha Stewart Should Fit Right In The now-notorious domestic diva will probably feel right at home this Christmas at Alderson Federal Prison Camp in West Virginia, what with the town's traditional inmate knitting bee.
3 Bombings at Resort Towns in the Sinai Three explosions shook three Egyptian Sinai resorts popular with vacationing Israelis, killing at least 30 people and wounding 100.
Boston techies envision TV's on-demand future At the end of a boisterous dinner, after several glasses of good red wine, technology entrepreneur John Landry pulled out his iPaq hand-held and beckoned me over to his side of the table.
FDA Accused of Silencing Vioxx Warnings WASHINGTON - The Food and Drug Administration silenced one of its drug experts who raised safety concerns weeks before Merck   Co. yanked the blockbuster drug Vioxx due to increased risks for heart attack and strokes, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee said Thursday...
CD in Iraq Said to Have U.S. Schools Info WASHINGTON - Federal law enforcement authorities notified six school districts in five states last month that a CD found by the U.S. military in Iraq contained crisis-planning information about their schools, two U.S...
Stern #39;s Move Is a Signal Event Though Howard Stern #39;s defection from broadcast to satellite radio is still 16 months off, the industry is already trying to figure out what will fill the crater in ad revenue and listenership that he is expected to leave behind.
ECB and Britain leave key interest rates alone BRUSSELS: Record high oil price pose the biggest threat to the global economic recovery, the European Central Bank said yesterday as it left its key interest rate unchanged at 2 per cent.
Reuters Plans to Triple Jobs at Site in India Reuters, the news service and data company, which is trying to meet stringent cost-cutting targets, said Thursday it would triple the number of employees it has in India by the end of next year.
AT amp;T Plans More Cuts In Workforce AT amp;T Corp. said it would restructure its business, cutting 20 percent of its jobs and writing down the value of its network by \$11.
Sun settles Kodak #39;s Java suit for US\$92 million Sun Microsystems has settled a patent suit brought by Eastman Kodak relating to Java software, agreeing to license Kodak #39;s patents for US\$92 million.
Ellis in seven-way tie for Las Vegas lead Danny Ellis posted the lowest score but had to be content with a share of the lead on eight-under-par with six other players after the first round of the \$4 million Las Vegas Championship on Thursday.
Kidd Takes Another Shot at Nets The first week of training camp is not over and the Nets #39; best player, Jason Kidd, has sounded off twice. On Thursday, the issue was whether Kidd, who is rehabilitating 
Rocket Explodes Above US Base in Kabul, No Casualties A rocket exploded in the air above the US military compound in Kabul on Friday, the eve of Afghanistan #39;s presidential poll, but there were no casualties, a spokesman for the international peacekeeping force said.
Update 8: Oil Remains Near Record Price in Asia Oil retreated further from its US\$53 per barrel threshold in early Asian trade Friday, but players in the market remained edgy about tight supplies heading into North America #39;s winter heating season.
Ultimate planner set to lose control of her life The media call it  quot;Camp Cupcake, quot; the locals call it  quot;the college campus, quot; but it #39;s unlikely Martha Stewart will ever call it home.
Better browser now the best Except for times when I use one online database that supports Microsoft #39;s dismal excuse for a browser, I never have much use for the blue lower-case  quot;e quot; on my desktop.
Word mangled by unpatched security hole A highly critical and unpatched security hole in Microsoft #39;s ubiquitous Word software could be used to launch a denial of service attack and give system access.
AOL Shifts Strategy to Attract More Advertisers, Users (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - For years, America Online Inc. grew steadily into the nation's biggest Internet service by treating subscribers to exclusive content and services it hoped would produce the sort of captive audience that advertisers crave. But now, with users departing for faster or cheaper online competitors, company officials are re-thinking their "walled garden" strategy.
Rick Say wins silver medal behind Phelps at short course world &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; INDIANAPOLIS (CP) - Rick Say of Victoria ensured there would be no Canadian medal drought at the world short course championships, picking up a silver medal in the men #39;s 200-metre freestyle Thursday night.
Breaking down the teams  PITCHING: Braves left-hander Mike Hampton, already pitching with a bad knee, had to leave the game with one out in the seventh inning when his left forearm tightened.
NBC Puts a Delay on NASCAR NBC will begin to air its NASCAR coverage with a five-second delay, after Dale Earnhardt Jr. #39;s use of profanity in a post-race interview Sunday.
Peacekeepers Battle Gangs in a Ravaged Haiti Description: NPR #39;s Lourdes Garcia-Navarro reports on gruesome violence in the Haitian capital of Port-Au-Prince. UN peacekeepers are attempting to restore calm in the city, where armed bands of gangsters are 
Furcal shows no leniency for Astros Rafael Furcal could be in jail. Instead, he was at Turner Field on Thursday sparking an Atlanta Braves team desperate to avoid another October meltdown.
Jeter, Yankees Look Dashing Once Again Here it comes. You can feel the rumbling of anticipation now. Just two games into the American League playoffs, we already have a colossal collision coming into focus.
Here #39;s to turnaround: Bottoms up Last. Last. Last. Last. End-of-the-season division snapshots were grim a year ago for the Atlanta Falcons, Jacksonville Jaguars, Detroit Lions and New York Jets.
Boston Scientific goes shopping Boston Scientific Corp. wants to get deeper under your skin. Lawrence C. Best, its chief financial officer, says the company will make more than \$2 billion worth of deals over the next two years, many of them in technologies that play a much more invasive medical role, compared to Boston Scientific's traditional products.
Efforts Mount to Persuade Sihanouk to Stay On (Reuters) Reuters - Efforts to persuade aging\and ailing Norodom Sihanouk to reverse his decision to abdicate\the Cambodian throne mounted Friday.
At least 30 killed as suspected car bombs rock Egypt's Red Sea coast (AFP) AFP - Suspected car bombs ripped through a hotel and two beachside tourist sites on the Red Sea coast of Egypt's Sinai desert, killing at least 30 people, most of them Israelis.
After terror and invasion, Afghans vote (AFP) AFP - Three years after the September 11 attacks on the United States changed the course of Afghanistan's history, the shattered nation votes Saturday in unprecedented presidential elections.
For \$999, a lifetime of Internet phone calls Making unlimited phone calls for a fixed monthly price has proven to be a key selling point for Internet phone services like Vonage and AT amp;T CallVantage.
Cheney: Weapons Report Justifies Iraq War (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney asserted on Thursday that a finding by the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq that Saddam Hussein's government produced no weapons of mass destruction after 1991 justifies rather than undermines President Bush's decision to go to war.
Bush, Cheney Concede Iraq Had No WMDs WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...
Blasts Kill 35 Near Egypt-Israeli Border EILAT, Israel - An explosion tore through a resort hotel in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday Thursday night, killing at least 35 people and wounding more than 160, officials said.    Israeli security officials said a car bomb caused the explosion, which was followed by two smaller blasts at other tourist sites in the Sinai...
CD in Iraq Said to Have U.S. Schools Info WASHINGTON - Federal law enforcement authorities notified school districts in six states last month that a computer disc found in Iraq contained photos, floor plans and other information about their schools, two U.S. officials said Thursday...
Cellphone marketing firm secures \$17.5m With everyone from ESPN to Eminem opening sales channels to cellphone-owning fans, m-Qube Inc., a Boston wireless company that delivers entertainment content, has raised \$17.5 million in venture capital funding to ramp up its sales and technology development.
Update 1: Tokyo Stocks Lower; Dollar Up Vs. Yet Tokyo stocks fell Friday morning as investors sold banking issues after Japanese authorities began a criminal investigation into UFJ Holding Inc.
Ravens' Lewis Pleads Guilty to Drug Charge (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis pleaded guilty Thursday to using a cell phone to try to set up a drug deal and will be sentenced to four months in prison, to be served after the regular season ends in January.
Google introduces wireless service Google today launched a beta test version of Google SMS, this new service will allow US wireless users to query Google for almost any type of information.
IBM Boosts Mainframe Offerings The company is opening a technology center in France to showcase how mainframes can be used for back-office tasks such as account reconciliation and funds tracking.
Phelps Wins First Medal, Sandeno Wins 3 (AP) AP - Michael Phelps led all the way in winning the 200-meter freestyle at the World Short Course Championships on opening night Thursday, giving the world's best swimmer a chance to equal the six gold medals he won at the Athens Olympics.
Woodgate comeback on hold Real Madrid defender Jonathan Woodgate has suffered a setback in his comeback from a thigh problem - which has kept him on the sidelines since April.
Mansell Into British Grand Prix The latest personality to pile into the situation concerning the future, if any, of the British Grand Prix is former World Champion Nigel Mansell.
Braves Beat Astros 4-2 to Even Series ATLANTA Oct. 7, 2004 - Rafael Furcal hit a two-out, two-run homer in the 11th inning that sent the Atlanta Braves over the Houston Astros 4-2 Thursday and tied their NL playoff series at one game each.
Szczerbiak Is Healthy Heading Into Season (AP) AP - Wally Szczerbiak sat back after another day at the Minnesota Timberwolves training camp, with ice packs on his knees and recovery drink in hand, and smiled.
Secret delivery of deadly cargo in France Saint-Paul-Les-Durance - A lorry carrying a shipment of plutonium from US weapons arsenals arrived early onFriday at a reprocessing plant in the south-western French town of Cadarache, a security source said.
Thomson Set to Start Game 3 for Braves (AP) AP - John Thomson had a successful stint in the bullpen before Thursday's game and is on track to start for the Braves on Saturday in Game 3 of the division series against Houston.
N.Y. Youth Soccer Group Mandates Headgear (AP) AP - For the first time in the nation, a New York regional youth soccer association will require the mandatory use of protective headguards, affecting nearly 35,000 players 14-years-old and younger.
Frazar, Six Others Share Lead in Vegas (AP) AP - Harrison Frazar took some time off to rest and find a way to make golf fun again. For the second week in a row it paid off with a share of the first-round lead, though he had to share it with six others in the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas.
Ellis in Seven-Way Tie for Las Vegas Lead  LAS VEGAS, Nevada (Reuters) - Danny Ellis posted the lowest  score but had to be content with a share of the lead on  eight-under-par with six other players after the first round of  the \$4 million Las Vegas Championship Thursday.
Furcal Shows No Leniency for Astros Rafael Furcal could be in jail. Instead, he was at Turner Field on Thursday sparking an Atlanta Braves team desperate to avoid another October meltdown.
Yankees Still Pondering the Enigmatic Brown MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 7 - Kevin Brown is as predictable as the height of the artificial turf at the Metrodome because he rarely changes. He trudges into the clubhouse with his chin to his chest, says little, takes his uniform into the trainer's room and gets dressed apart from his teammates and reporters.
The Red Sox Are Passing Baseball's Chemistry Test As Boston aims for a first-round playoff sweep over the Anaheim Angels on Friday at Fenway Park, the Red Sox are positively giddy.
Kidd Takes Another Shot at Nets The first week of training camp is not over and the Nets' best player, Jason Kidd, has sounded off twice.
Ready for Guard Duty Coach Eddie Jordan and guard Gilbert Arenas continue to work on strengthening their relationship as the team continues to work on mastering the Princeton offense.
Revisiting Past Goals Eleven and half years after his first international journey with the American squad, Brian McBride is heading back to El Salvador for a World Cup qualifying match at intimidating Estadio Cuscatlan.
Another Shot for Crawford Trying to end a four-game losing streak, Georgetown will start quarterback Andrew Crawford, who lost his starting job to Keith Allan earlier this season, in Saturday's homecoming game against VMI at Harbin Field.
Baseball Crowds Market Area companies may not have the budget to buy premium sports tickets or lease luxury suites to Washington's new baseball team.
Cavs Finish Off Tigers Alvin Pearman runs for 104 yards and two fourth-quarter touchdowns and No. 10 Virginia shuts Clemson down after the first quarter on its way to a convincing 30-10 victory.
Europe sues users over file sharing The international record industry announced Thursday that it is planning to file lawsuits against individuals who are sharing files, especially music, over the Internet.
Google tests short message service There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology. Its maintained is position for the past year.
Cracking May Signal Past Water on Mars NASA #39;s Mars rover Opportunity has found an unusual pattern of cracking on a rock it discovered inside a Martian crater -- evidence, perhaps, that water may once have soaked parts of the crater bed, researchers said yesterday.
US border crossings now linked to FBI database The US Department of Homeland Security unveiled new computer workstations Thursday that allow Border Patrol agents on the Canadian and Mexican borders to tap into the FBI #39;s fingerprint database, overcoming a technological hurdle that 
Computer doubles as telephone If you #39;re already paying for high-speed Internet service, why not make the most of your money? Those cables aren #39;t just good for downloading sports scores, they can digitally transmit and receive phone calls, too.
Carroll takes bronze for Australia Australia has won two medals on the first day of the World Shortcourse Swimming Championships in Indianapolis. The Australian 4x200 metre women #39;s freestyle relay team took silver, while 17-year-old Lara Carroll 
Give back our sacred heritage, Mr Blair Addis Ababa - Ethiopian campaigners pressed British Prime Minister Tony Blair to return sacred Ethiopian objects and ancient artefacts that were looted by British troops more than a century ago.
Fifth Asia-Europe Meeting opens in Hanoi The 5 th Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM 5) officially opened in Hanoi on Friday morning with the participation of top leaders and high-ranking officials from 39 ASEM member countries and more than 1,200 domestic and foreign reporters.
Oil price hits \$53 LONDON, Oct 7: World oil prices bolted to new record summits on Thursday, reaching \$53 in New York on markets nervous about tight global supplies with winter approaching in the northern hemisphere.
UPDATE 3-US pension agency chief warns of solvency risk The longer-term solvency of the US agency that insures pensions is at risk, threatened by troubled airlines and other companies failing to fund their retirement plans, the agency #39;s director said on Thursday.
Martha Stewart Begins Serving Sentence One precaution TV icon Martha Stewart must take when serving her sentence at the Alderson, West Virginia, prison is refrain from doing any business.
Shakeout seen for high-tech businesses Industry watchers say a report that IBM Corp. has put its once-dominant personal computer business up for sale could signal the first move in a broader consolidation destined to shrink the number of PC manufacturers by about a third over the next couple of years.
McDowell equals record A little over a month ago in Munich, when it was too late to make the team, Graeme McDowell scored a 62 on the final day of Ryder Cup qualifying.
SCHUEY TOPS WET FIRST PRACTICE Only a handful of cars ventured out during the first 50 minutes of the hour-long session. There was a flurry of activity towards the end, however, when rainmeister Michael Schumacher took his accustomed position at the top of the timesheets.
Mauresmo struggles past Schnyder at Filderstadt New world number one Amelie Mauresmo struggled to a 7-5 6-4 victory over Patty Schnyder in the second round of the Filderstadt Grand Prix on Thursday.
Retreat driven by spinelessness, not reason Aaron Lerner October 8, 2004. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is hardly the first Israeli prime minister who makes major policy moves because of orthopedic problems (the absence of a backbone).
IBM brings Unix, faster chip to Power blades Big Blue says it has improved the processor of its JS20 blade servers and now sells them with its AIX version of Unix.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Link Building With Affiliate Programs -- Does it Work? - Yahoo Launches Personal Search - Google To Snap? - Moving to a New Host - Any Issues With SEO? - Extending Your Search Marketing Campaign to Europe - New Overture Features - Raid of the Googlebots
Australian opposition leader to win campaign but lose election: analysts (AFP) AFP - Australian Labor Party leader Mark Latham may be tipped to lose Saturday's election but he is being seen as a winner regardless of the outcome after a strong campaign performance marked him out as one of the leading politicians of his generation.
Efforts Mount to Persuade Sihanouk to Stay On  PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Efforts to persuade aging and ailing  Norodom Sihanouk to reverse his decision to abdicate the  Cambodian throne mounted Friday.
Family seeking Sweden death probe The family of a Briton found dead in Sweden are trying to get the inquiry into his death re-opened.
Pentagon Sets Steps to Retake Iraq Rebel Sites Pentagon planners and military commanders have identified areas in Iraq that must be brought under control before elections.
Reporter for Times, Silent Over Sources, Is Facing Jail Time A reporter for The New York Times was held in contempt of court for refusing to name her sources to prosecutors investigating the leak of the identity of a covert C.I.A. agent.
Melissa Etheridge Has Cancer, Cancels Tour LOS ANGELES - Singer Melissa Etheridge has been diagnosed with breast cancer and has canceled upcoming tour dates to undergo treatment, her publicist said Thursday.    Etheridge, 43, will undergo surgery and a "speedy and complete recovery" is expected by her doctor, publicist Marcel Pariseau said in a statement...
An Ominous Drone From the Gaza Sky By day, the streets of this densely populated Palestinian labyrinth are jammed with seething funeral processions and solemn mourning tents. But gradually, long before dusk, the camp is transformed into a ghost town, with civilians cowering in their apartments and masked gunmen darting through the shadows carrying Kalashnikov assault rifles and homemade bombs.
Bush: WMD Report Bolsters War Decision President Bush said today that he was right to order the invasion of Iraq last year despite a new report by his chief U.S. weapons inspector that shows the country did not possess the weapons of mass destruction that were the original rationale for the war.
Kerry: Bush, Cheney in Denial About Iraq Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Thursday that President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have failed to recognize a deteriorating situation in post-war Iraq and "may well be the last two people on the planet who won't face the truth."
Bush: War in Iraq Was Right Despite No WMDs President Bush said on Thursday he\was "right to take action" in Iraq even though a new U.S.\report found that Baghdad had no stockpiles of weapons of mass\destruction and that its nuclear program had decayed.
New Google Service May Strain Old Ties in Bookselling Allowing consumers to search the content of books online could shift the balance of power between companies that produce books and those that sell them.
Still Exploring After Martian Winter, Rovers Send Back More Signs of Water The two roving vehicles Spirit and Opportunity have explored Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled and keep finding evidence of past liquid water.
The Man Who Grasped the Heavens' Gravitas The New York Public Library focuses on Isaac Newton and the influence of his ideas in its thoughtful and engaging exhibition.
Pension Guarantor Calls for Changes The government #39;s pension insurance agency yesterday called on Congress to strengthen its hand in seeking to attach assets of bankrupt companies to protect those companies #39; pension plan 
Cards Use 'Small Ball' to Beat Dodgers (AP) AP - Mike Matheny, Edgar Renteria and the St. Louis Cardinals can win with singles, doubles and triples, too.
No. 10 Virginia 30, Clemson 10 Alvin Pearman ran for 104 yards, including two fourth-quarter touchdowns, and Virginia shut down Clemson after the opening 15 minutes in a convincing 30-10 victory Thursday night.
 #39;We need to stay positive #39; - Harbhajan Harbhajan Singh conceded that India had an uphill task to get back in the game, but expressed his happiness at taking a five-wicket haul.
Between club and country I think an English football manager must have a hell of a nerve to tell a man to give up his international career or risk losing his place in the club that pays him.
Cambodia #39;s Sihanouk Signals Abdication The announcement Thursday that King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia would abdicate his throne because of poor health has raised new uncertainties for a country with 
Southern Mississippi Edges Houston 35-29 (AP) AP - Damion Carter came on in an emergency and saved Southern Mississippi's perfect start.
Cardinals Crush Dodgers to Grab 2-0 Series Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mike Matheny's two-run single  highlighted a three-run fifth inning rally which lifted the St.  Louis Cardinals to an 8-3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers in  the National League Divisional Series Thursday.
Cards Roll, and It's Getting Late Early for Dodgers Even without hitting home runs, the St. Louis Cardinals' potent attack continued to pummel the Los Angeles Dodgers, 8-3, Thursday.
Yankees Still Pondering the Enigmatic Brown Yankees pitcher Kevin Brown was more animated than usual on the eve of the start that could turn his misguided September punch into an almost amusing memory.
The Red Sox Are Passing Baseball's Chemistry Test As Boston aims for a first-round playoff sweep over the Anaheim Angels on Friday at Fenway, the Red Sox are positively giddy.
Backfield Carries Load Virginia's win over Clemson would not have been possible without 239 rushing yards.
Defense Improving The overall defense is coming off as fine a performance as anyone could have expected as the Hokies prepare for their first-ever ACC road game against Wake Forest.
Park in Three-Way Tie Grace Park has four straight birdies on the back nine in a 6-under-par 66 that puts her in a tie for the lead after the opening round of the Asahi Ryokuken International Championship.
Cards Take 2-0 Lead The Cardinals blasted their way to another 8-3 win over the Dodgers and head to Dodger Stadium with a 2-0 lead in the NL playoff series.
Conferees Ban Lease of Boeing Tankers (Reuters) Reuters - House and Senate conferees agreed\late on Thursday to ban the leasing of aerial refueling\aircraft as part of a final deal on a  #36;422 billion defense\authorization bill, killing a proposed  #36;23.5 billion Air Force\plan to lease and buy 100 Boeing Co.  tankers,\congressional sources said.
As Stewart Enters Prison, Her Company Refurbishes Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia is focused both on life without Ms. Stewart and on life once she returns.
Eagle soars above others It was a rough September for many retailers battered by hurricanes on one side and rising fuel prices on the other, but American Eagle Outfitters Inc.
Biovail, Innergex Power, Shermag: Canadian Equity Preview The following is a list of companies whose shares may make gains or losses in the Canadian market. Stock symbols are in parentheses after company names.
Stewart Attorney Asks For Prosecution #39;s Papers One day before Martha Stewart is slated to enter prison, lawyers for the multimillionaire businesswoman continued to press her appeal, accusing the government of withholding 
Nintendo unveils titles for DS portable gaming system Super Mario, Madden football and Tiger Woods golf highlight the opening array of games for the Nintendo DS portable gaming system, scheduled for launch on Nov. 21.
Yes, but can your VoIP service do this? SAN FRANCISCO--The next battle between top Internet phone service providers Vonage and AT amp;T will involve features like voice mail, according to key executives at both companies.
IBM brings Unix, faster chip to Power blades com October 7, 2004, 9:01 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Phelps makes winning return at world championships INDIANAPOLIS: Michael Phelps made a winning return to the pool at the world short course championships today, capturing the 200m freestyle title and the first of a possible six gold medals.
Australia takes charge in opening test against India Michael Clarke notched a century on his test debut and skipper Adam Gilchrist hit a blazing hundred yesterday as Australia took charge of the opening test against India.
Canadian sailor dies of submarine fire injuries FIRE AT SEA: The man died while being airlifted to hospital. Bad weather has delayed rescue of the remainder of the crew, who are adrift in waters northeast of Ireland.
Car bombing kills 40 Pakistanis, raises fears of sectarian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The authorities announced a nationwide ban on all political and religious meetings except Friday prayers after a car bombing early yesterday in the central city of Multan killed 40 people and wounded at least 100.
Strike, Hurricane Ivan cause flat quarterly earnings at Alcoa Alcoa yesterday reported third-quarter net income of \$283 million, or 32 cents per diluted share, unchanged from the aluminum maker #39;s results in the year-ago quarter.
China to Institute Online Ratings Systems (AP) AP - China plans ratings systems for online games, books and movies to protect children from violence and sexual content in the nation's latest effort to tighten controls on various media, reports said Friday.
Yanks look dashing again  to rest of league #39;s chagrin Here it comes. You can feel the rumbling of anticipation now. Just two games into the American League playoffs, we already have a colossal collision coming into focus.
Eugene Melnyk stepping down as Biovail CEO, will remain chairman TORONTO (CP) - Eugene Melnyk, who used his personal fortune to buy the Ottawa Senators last year, is stepping down as chief executive of Biovail Corp.
Oil Prices and Drug Safety Comments Send Shares Lower Investors sent stocks markedly lower yesterday as oil prices reached \$53 a barrel during the trading session and new questions were raised about the safety of arthritis drugs, putting pressure on pharmaceutical shares.
British File-Sharers Sued Following the footsteps of its American counterpart, Britain #39;s British Phonographic Industry announced it was bringing suit to 28 file-swappers.
Mars rover finds more proof of water The Mars rover Opportunity has found new evidence of past existence of water on the Red Planet, NASA said. Opportunity keeps finding new clues of past water as it continues probing Mars, said mission scientists 
Typhoon bears down on Japanese Grand Prix SUZUKA (Japan) - Michael Schumacher led the wet Friday practice for the Japanese Grand Prix with teams casting a wary eye to the skies with a typhoon approaching.
For once, a U.Va. sparring partner that punches back CHARLOTTESVILLE - Dragging into town with but a single victory to show for its season, Clemson was supposed to represent just another sparring partner for Virginia as the Cavaliers trained for their featured bout at Florida State two Saturdays from now.
Izenberg: Twins shouldn #39;t be fooled by near miss It #39;s a morality play as old as Ruth, Joe D. and the Mick. Who among the bit players has not come to the moment adrift in an ocean of clichs and platitudes:  quot;They pull their 
With commanding lead, Red Sox look to close deal They are the team of which the Boston Red Sox dare not speak. At least, not yet anyway. The Yankees may be somewhere on their minds, maybe even stuck in their craws.
Frazar fires 64 to share Vegas lead Harrison Frazar shot a bogey-free 64 to take his place among a crowded group at the top of the leaderboard with an 8 under at the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas.
Clarke and Gilchrist lead Aussie run spree Michael Clarke smashed a superb debut century to help Australia into a formidable position on the second day of the opening Test against India in Bangalore.
Polls point to Howard victory Australians vote in less than 24 hours to choose a new government with most key pointers suggesting the incumbent conservative coalition of Prime Minister John Howard will be returned.
Shoppers still frugal lot The quartet, of course, represents the four hurricanes that raked across Florida in late August and the first half of September -- storms blamed for death, destruction and a dampening of retail sales as well.
Spyware case hits US court THE US Federal Trade Commission has filed America #39;s first case against software companies accused of infecting computers with intrusive spyware and then trying to sell people the solution.
Phelps Opens Big Michael Phelps led all the way in winning the 200-meter freestyle at the World Short Course Championships on opening night Thursday.
Egypt Resort Bombs Target Israelis; at Least 15 Dead  TABA, Egypt/EILAT (Reuters) - Bomb blasts hit Egyptian Red  Sea resorts crowded with vacationing Israelis, killing at least  15 people in back-to-back attacks which Israeli officials said  appeared to be the handiwork of al Qaeda.
Bomb blast hits embassy in Paris A bomb explodes at the Indonesian embassy in Paris injuring up to 10 people including embassy staff.
Oil Holds Over \$52 as Rally Pauses  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices took time out on Friday  from this week's succession of record highs but anxiety over  outages in the U.S. Gulf, Nigeria and Norway in the run-up to  winter left little hope of relief for consumers.
Conferees Ban Lease of Boeing Tankers  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House and Senate conferees agreed  late on Thursday to ban the leasing of aerial refueling  aircraft as part of a final deal on a \$422 billion defense  authorization bill, killing a proposed \$23.5 billion Air Force  deal with Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt;, congressional sources said.
Blast at Indonesian Embassy in Paris Hurts 9 An explosion struck the Indonesian Embassy in Paris on Friday, slightly wounding nine people, a French radio station reported.
Cards Go 2-0 With Small Ball #39; Mike Matheny, Edgar Renteria and the St. Louis Cardinals can win with singles, doubles and triples, too. After tying a postseason record with five home runs 
Blast at Paris Indonesian embassy PARIS, France -- An explosion outside the Indonesian Embassy in Paris has wounded nine people, a fire commander has said. The cause of the blast early Friday morning is unclear but French radio station Europe 
Oracle Director Says Bid May Not Be Final A director of the Oracle Corporation testified that the company's \$7.7 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft might not be the final offer.
Crude oil close to record OIL retreated further from its \$US53 a barrel threshold in early Asian trade today, but players in the market remained edgy about tight supplies heading into North America #39;s winter heating season.
Oracle could offer more for PeopleSoft wilmington, del.Oracle Corp. director Joseph Grundfest testified yesterday that the company #39;s \$21 (US) per-share hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc.
Reuters to make B #39;lore biggest employment hub BANGALORE: Reuters, the global news and information provider, on Thursday announced that it plans to make Bangalore its biggest information-gathering hub, employing up to 1,500 people, or 10 of its total workforce.
SEC probing three exchanges - report The US Securities and Exchange Commission is preparing enforcement actions against the American, Philadelphia and National stock exchanges for failing to protect 
Small businesses find they can live with big-box stores Fears that big-box stores would devastate independent retailers and suck the life out of Canada #39;s downtown main streets appear overblown.
Word flaw could lead to denial of service A highly critical vulnerability has been discovered in Microsoft Word 2000 and 2002, an advisory from security advisory service Secunia says.
CITES tightens ramin controls, may save orang-utan A United Nations conference adopted a proposal on Friday to tighten controls on the trade of a commercially valuable hardwood known as ramin, which could help save the endangered orang-utan ape.
NASA will cover only a fraction of cost of module lost on shuttle NASA has turned back an \$87.7 million claim by Spacehab for equipment lost on the shuttle Columbia, but the company may appeal. Spacehab officials said Thursday that NASA #39;s rejection was 
Cavs #39; ground game grinds up Tigers Theresa special bookcase in Al Grohs office completely full of game plans from his days in the NFL. Green ones are from the Jets.
Park Is Locked In a Three-Way Tie Park was 4 under after just six holes in the LPGA #39;s final full-field event of the year. She was even sharper during a stretch coming in, using strong approach shots for the birdie run that started on No.
US Releases Senior Aide to Sadr The US military released a senior aide to the rebellious Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr on Thursday, and Sadr aides said momentum was growing toward an agreement to disband the 
Constitutional Court confirms Yudhoyono #39;s victory The Indonesian Constitutional Court has confirmed Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono #39;s election victory asincumbent Megawati Soekarnoputri left the public guessing whether she would accept the result.
Update 1: Oil Retreats From \$53 Per Barrel in Asia Oil retreated further from its \$53 per barrel threshold in early Asian trade Friday, but players in the market remained edgy about tight supplies heading into North America #39;s winter heating season.
Retailers fear more soft sales The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain Thursday as the nation #39;s largest retailers reported they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
Google Announces New Book Text Search Search engine giant Google is going to make it easy for book lovers to search though pages of books online and read a few pages too.
Pires slams Aragones Robert Pires and Sol Campbell have expressed their concern over alleged racist comments by Spain national team boss Luis Aragones about their Arsenal teammate Thierry Henry.
Takeover Protesters Hold Up Manchester United Reserve Team Game Manchester United #39;s reserve team match against Birmingham yesterday was held up for three minutes when 30 protesters entered the field holding a Not for Sale #39; #39; banner, the English Premiership team said on its Web site.
#2 Oklahoma (4-0) vs. #5 Texas (4-0) Kick-off for the 99th edition of the Red River Shootout is set for 11 am Saturday at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas. The game will be broadcast nationally by ABC.
Explosions rock Red Sea resorts in Egypt An explosion rocked the Hilton Hotel in Egypt #39;s Red Sea resort of Taba Thursday night, killing at least 35 people and injuring more than 160 others, Qatar-based al-Jazeera satellite TV channel reported.
Bomb rocks Indonesia #39;s Paris embassy A bomb has exploded in front of the Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn today, injuring about 10 people lightly, French radio station Europe 1 reports.
US condemns Pak blast, calls it  #39;despicable #39; United States has strongly condemned a car bomb attack in Multan city of Pakistan that killed more than 41 people and wounded 100 at a prayer vigil.
ElBaradei, Environmentalist Favored for Nobel (Reuters) Reuters - Among those tipped to win the 2004 Nobel\Peace Prize on Friday are the U.N. nuclear watchdog and its\leader Mohamed ElBaradei, a Kenyan environmentalist and a\Russian anti-nuclear activist.
ElBaradei, Environmentalist Favored for Nobel  OSLO (Reuters) - Among those tipped to win the 2004 Nobel  Peace Prize on Friday are the U.N. nuclear watchdog and its  leader Mohamed ElBaradei, a Kenyan environmentalist and a  Russian anti-nuclear activist.
Japan Defense Chief: Talks on U.S. Troops 'Grueling'  TOKYO (Reuters) - Negotiations between Washington and Tokyo  over the impact of a global realignment of U.S. military forces  are "grueling" because of sensitive issues involved for Japan,  Defense Minister Yoshinori Ohno said Friday.
Burma overshadows Asem Asian and European leaders open their biennial summit with the EU promising new sanctions against Burma.
Death Toll Varies in Blast at Sinai Resort TABA, Egypt - A car bomb and a suicide bomber tore through a resort hotel in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday Thursday night. Estimates of the death toll ranged from 19 to about 60...
For Kerry, Thinking Globally Began at a Young Age  From the beginning, John F. Kerry has formed his presidential campaign around his service in the Vietnam War. But it is another war, World War II, that shaped his belief that the United States is more effective on the global stage when it works closely with other countries.
Push Against Polio Launched in Africa  JOHANNESBURG, Oct. 7 -- Teams were to spread out across 23 countries in sub-Saharan Africa on Friday to begin what global health officials hope is the final push against the crippling polio virus, with the goal of vaccinating 80 million children, including those in northern Nigeria, where opposition had derailed the eradication effort.
An Afghan Woman's Patience Nears Its Reward   F   atima     Gailani  is used to waiting. After living in exile for 24 years, working for her embattled country out of a suitcase, the 50-year-old Afghan has mastered the virtue of patience by never losing hope. Saturday's presidential election in Afghanistan is an important milestone along that journey, she explained, though she knows steep obstacles remain.
Radio Karabagh, the Station  With Local Identification  KARABAGH&lt;br&gt; The letters that arrive at the three-room studio of Radio Karabagh  are small works of folk art. They come on elaborate stationery, covered with glitter applied by hand, pictures cut from newspapers and small bits of metal foil applied like gold leaf in patterns. A flower seller...
US House of Representatives passes new corporate tax bill The US House of representatives on Thursday passed a new corporate tax bill designed to end the trade war with Europe but the bill gives more tax cuts for some business including farmers and big companies.
BANKRUPTCIES ARE SINKING PENSION AGENCY October 8, 2004 -- The longer-term solvency of the US agency that insures pensions is at risk, threatened by troubled airlines and other companies failing to fund their retirement plans, the agency #39;s director said yesterday.
Attorneys demand that government hand over documents NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- One day before Martha Stewart is to begin serving her five-month prison sentence, attorneys for the lifestyle maven reiterated her desire to continue with her appeal by demanding that the government hand over documents.
RV, trailer maker announces \$20 million Goshen expansion Goshen (Associated Press) -- Forest River, a recreational vehicle and cargo trailer maker, plans to build seven new buildings at its Goshen complex and add more than 600 workers by April.
B of A blindsides Mass.: Huge job-cut roster includes surprise 140 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; That was the verdict of Massachusetts lawmakers yesterday after BofA announced a fresh wave of 4,500 job cuts, including an estimated 140 in the Bay State.
Linx Printing backs Danaher takeover Linx Printing Technologies says it is backing a 86 million pound takeover offer by US firm Danaher after a rival, lower, bidder withdrew.
Jobs report dominates pre-debate spin WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The final monthly jobs report before the Nov. 2 presidential election will be released Friday at 8:30 am Eastern.
Hutchison Telecom prices IPO at bottom of range Hutchison Whampoa Ltd, the flagship of Asia #39;s richest tycoon, Li Ka-shing, raised \$890 million from the flotation of its emerging markets phone arm after pricing it at the bottom of an indicated range.
US, Europe clash over subsidy for Boeing  amp; Airbus Fierce competition between giant aircraft makers, Boeing and Airbus, has been heating up. The US government and the European Union have both stepped in to boost their prospects.
Now what? It was an event more than eight years in the making. For the second time in less than a week, a piloted reusable suborbital spacecraftSpaceShipOnesoared into the outskirts of space, more 
Indymedia Server Raided by FBI The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Nobody #39;s exactly sure why or how the FBI got warrants to take Indymedia #39;s HDs, but their 
GARDEN PLOT: Naturalist to lecture Diana Beresford-Koeger, an Ontario horticulturist, naturalist and author, will appear at two events in Ann Arbor next weekend. She will lead a walking tour of trees in the Nichols Arboretum at 1 pm Oct. 16.
New light technology promises longer life and lower costs It #39;s a problem that confronts every homeowner: There #39;s always at least one lightbulb around the house that needs to be replaced -- often in places that require a ladder.
Schumacher wins first practice at rain-soaked Suzuka World champion Michael Schumacher drove the quickest time in the first practice on Friday for Sunday #39;s Japanese Formula One Grand Prix in Suzuka.
Jeter, Yankees look to take control of unshaken Twins Derek Jeter turned a season that started with a terrible slump into one of the best in his accomplished 10-year career.  quot;I don #39;t think there is any question, quot; the New York Yankees manager said.
Golf: Bohn, Ellis open with 63s at Michelin Championship LAS VEGAS, United States : Danny Ellis and Jason Bohn fired rounds of 63 to lead after the first round of the four million dollar PGA Michelin Championship.
NEXTEL CUP: Dale Jr. penalty too harsh Roush Racing driver Matt Kenseth, the defending NASCAR Nextel Cup champion, will share his views with Free Press readers through the final race in the Chase for the Championship, which ends Nov. 21 at Homestead, Fla.
It #39;s the Occupation, Stupid Four years ago on Sept. 28, 2000, when Ariel Sharon made his operatic visit to the Temple Mount, no one could have predicted how dire the situation would become so quickly: close to 6,000 dead; the building 
France to install 1,000 businesses in China The French government plans to install 1,000 businesses next year in China, declared French Junior Minister of Foreign Trade Francois Loos on Tuesday.
Iraq car bombs wreaking havoc As US military officials and Samarra residents assessed the damage from a major weekend offensive to rid that city of guerrillas, insurgents took their campaign into the heart 
Reuters data centre to house half of global staff by next year Reuters, the UK-based global information company for financial services, media and corporate markets, formally opened its new data centre in Bangalore on Thursday.
Bush to Replace Treasury's Snow -NY Times  NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Bush plans to replace John  Snow as U.S. Treasury Secretary and possible successors include  Andrew Card, currently the White House chief of staff, the New  York Times reported Monday.
Tiger needs focus It #39;s doubtful that Elin Nordegren, retired swimsuit model and nanny, ever aspired to the title  quot;Most Powerful Person in Golf.
Controversy may be just what NASCAR needs The tornado that was Talladega has swept up the NASCAR nation and dropped it in, of all places, the land of Oz. With the tumult of Talladega fresh in its psyche, NASCAR is hoping on one hand 
Decision Day: 2004 Referendum For a long, long time, November 2nd has been promoted as the biggest day of 2004. But that #39;s before October 9 fully came into focus.
Dollar Edges Up from Lows  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar clung to slim gains Monday but  stayed close to a record low against the euro and a five-year  low vs the yen, with traders saying it was just a matter of  time before the market dumps the U.S. currency again.
Explosives lost during security drill at French airport French police on Sunday ended their practice of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly ending up on a flight out of Paris #39; Charles de Gaulle airport.
Iran sites  #39;off limits for UN checks #39; TEHRAN: Iran yesterday said it was not obliged to allow UN inspectors to visit military sites alleged to be involved in secret nuclear weapons work, but that it was willing to discuss the issue.
UN Council Ready to Adopt New Anti-Terror Measure (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. Security Council was\set Friday to adopt a Russian-drafted resolution that seeks to\expand the prosecution and extradition of terrorist groups and\individuals, such as Chechen separatist leaders.
Results of AP Poll on Presidential Race (AP) AP - The Associated Press-Ipsos poll on the presidential race is based on telephone interviews with 1,541 adults, including 1,273 registered voters and 944 likely voters, from all states except Alaska and Hawaii. The interviews were conducted Oct. 4-6 by Ipsos-Public Affairs.
U.S. Base Attacked as Afghans Prepare to Vote  KABUL (Reuters) - Sporadic violence erupted in pockets of  Afghanistan on the eve of a historic presidential election in  the rugged war-torn land, highlighting the risks posed by  Taliban militants who have vowed to disrupt the vote.
ElBaradei: Iran Should Comply with IAEA by Nov. 25  TOKYO (Reuters) - Iran should freeze all its uranium  enrichment-related activities by a Nov. 25 board of governors  meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the  head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog, Mohamed ElBaradei, said on  Friday.
N.Korea Says It Will Resume Talks if U.S. Ends Hostility  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea wants bilateral nuclear talks  with the United States but would rejoin stalled six-party  immediately if Washington dropped what it called its "hostile  policy" toward Pyongyang, the communist state said on Friday.
Second Pitcairn man pleads guilty A second man pleads guilty to sex offence charges against young girls on the Pacific island of Pitcairn.
Cambodia rush to solve succession Cambodia races to pass laws to decide the sucession after King Sihanouk's abdication announcement.
Pakistan bans religious meetings Public religious meetings are banned in Pakistan after Thursday's bomb explosion in Multan kills at least 40 people.
Blasts at Egypt Resort Kill at Least 19 TABA, Egypt - Blasts from a car bomb and a suicide bomber tore through a resort hotel in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday Thursday night, officials said. There were at least 19 dead and the toll was likely to rise...
Kerry Takes Lead Over Bush in AP Poll WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry has taken a slight lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that found him gaining ground with women, boosting his overall popularity and cutting into the president's advantage on national security.    The two candidates remain in a very close race ahead of a second debate Friday night in St...
Cheney Once Pushed to Lift Iran Sanctions WASHINGTON - Vice President Dick Cheney, who has called Iran "the world's leading exporter of terror," pushed to lift U.S. trade sanctions against Tehran while chairman of Halliburton Co...
Concern over drug stocks hurts Dow Investors sent stocks sharply lower yesterday as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs pressured pharmaceutical stocks.
September sales at Target stores beat retail average MINNEAPOLIS - While other retailers struggled with a sluggish back-to-school season, Target Corp. reported same-store sales well above the industry average.
Jeter, Yankees Look to Take Control (AP) AP - Derek Jeter turned a season that started with a terrible slump into one of the best in his accomplished 10-year career.
Red Sox Manager Francona in Familiar Spot (AP) AP - This isn't the first time Terry Francona has come back to Fenway Park with a two-game lead in a playoff series.
Steelers rally for victory JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Now, Ben Roethlisberger has done it all, at least in the confines of the regular season. Staring at a 16-14 deficit with 1:50 left in the game, Roethlisberger led the Steelers to the 
Record high tornadoes for September, August The US National Weather Service #39;s Storm Prediction Center said Thursday that 173 tornadoes were reported in August and 247 in September.
Patel, Pathan defy Australia Bangalore - Parthiv Patel and Irfan Pathan put on 60 for the seventh wicket to prop up India on the third morning of the first Test against Australia here on Friday.
Measure of success The numbers keep coming up. Impressive numbers that should draw praise. Numbers like nine or more wins for eight straight seasons.
Johnny Kelley JOHNNY KELLEY, who died yesterday at age 97, had a modest way of living that belied his extraordinary athletic feats. His participation in 61 Boston Marathons, despite the demands of a regular job and without 
Jenkins court martial to begin Nov 3 TOKYO (AFP) - The court martial of US Army Sergeant Charles Jenkins, accused of deserting to North Korea nearly four decades ago, will begin in Japan on November 3, the US Army said Thursday.
Source: Samsung Profit Below Forecast  SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.'s  third-quarter operating profit has fallen around 10 percent  short of market forecasts due to weak sales of flat screens, a  source familiar with the company's business said on Friday.
House OK's \$136b in tax breaks  The House last night passed a sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law, a measure designed to end a trade war with Europe and shower \$136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers, and other groups.
Cyberkinetics gets public stock listing Cyberkinetics Inc. of Foxborough, a pioneering company developing a medical device that could one day enable paralyzed people to control computers and even their own limbs just using thoughts, went public yesterday by merging into the shell of an unsuccessful Canadian mining company.
Oil Sets New Highs on Winter Fuel Worries Oil prices broke into fresh record territory above \$52 on Thursday on heightened concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies.
SEC may backtrack on fund regulation The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering whether to abandon an unpopular proposal that was designed in part to curtail improper mutual fund trading, according to a published report Thursday.
Gov #39;s plan to add 18 inspectors greatly inadequate The Romney administration is planning a \$1.7 million, 18-job boost for the beleaguered agency that inspects amusement park rides, boilers and elevators, but a union official says at least 
Illinois Tool Won #39;t Pursue Linx After Danaher Offers More Money Illinois Tool Works Inc. said it won #39;t proceed with its bid for UK-based Linx Printing Technologies Plc after Danaher Corp. said it may offer 15 percent more for the company.
Melnyk steps aside at Biovail Billionaire Eugene Melnyk said yesterday he is stepping down as chief executive of Biovail Corp. The company said Doug Squires, the former CEO of New York-based MDS Pharma Services, a division of Toronto-based 
SpaceShipOne rockets in NEW ERA A red, white and blue rocket plane zoomed into space Monday, winning a \$10 million prize as the world #39;s first privately built reusable spacecraft and heralding the future of commercial space travel.
Phelps gets started with gold in 200 free He will have to do something spectacular like that at Conseco Fieldhouse to keep pace with US teammate Kaitlin Sandeno. Phelps won the 200-meter freestyle Thursday night to open the World Swimming 
Veteran guard Black bugs opponents The Connecticut Sun have the  quot;Tasmanian Devil quot; on their side as they enter the WNBA Finals tonight.  quot;Well, you know, I play a lot like that; I #39;m kind of 
Minnesota is back in a familiar place Last year, in the American League Division Series, the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in Game 1 at Yankee Stadium, then lost Game 2. The series shifted 
Paris blast terrorist act - Indonesia #39;s Yudhoyono Indonesian president-elect Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said a blast on Friday near Jakarta #39;s embassy in Paris was a terrorist act, and called on France and Indonesia #39;s outgoing president to take appropriate action.
Pesticide Persisting Beyond Scheduled Elimination Date Under a treaty known as the Montreal Protocol, methyl bromide was to be banned for most uses by the end of this year.
Thankfully, the BCS got it right this time BCS critics often vent frustration by omitting that middle letter. Not this time. It is needed. After Sunday, it #39;s clear what the C really signifies.
New Breed of Cat: Clones to Make Debut at Annual Show The annual cat show at Madison Square Garden, which begins on Friday, will include cloned kittens for the first time.
Update 2: Corporate Tax Law Overhaul Passage Likely The Senate is expected to follow the lead of the House and pass a major overhaul of corporate tax law that would dole out \$136 billion in new tax breaks to a wide array of US companies and provide a \$10.
Bombardier lays off 2,000 workers MontrealWith its stock in a tailspin and the prospect of cash-strapped US airlines bailing out on future jet orders, aerospace giant Bombardier Inc.
Marriott earnings up 45 percent on growing demand for rooms COLLEGE PARK, Md. - Hotel operator Marriott International Inc. said its third-quarter earnings rose 45 percent as growing demand for rooms helped drive revenue up 9 percent.
Rovers find more signs of liquid water on Mars Aging but still on the go, climbing in and around craters, tapping into the mysteries of strangely cracked rocks, the two roving vehicles Spirit and Opportunity have explored Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled.
TSMC Shows Signs of Tech Sector Slowdown Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the world #39;s biggest producer of custom-made chips, on Thursday reported record-breaking revenue for the third quarter, but signaled that the global technology sector might be heading for a slowdown in the fourth 
Security concerns put MSN Messenger beta on hold Microsoft Corp. has suspended the beta testing of the next version of its MSN Messenger client because of a potential security problem, a company spokeswoman said Wednesday.
CA Introduces Mainframe Usage Based Pricing It has been a busy few days at Computer Associates (CA) as the company first announced the acquisition of Netegrity and has now released details of a new licensing schema available on the company #39;s large portfolio of mainframe software products.
Gordo Cooper, American hero and astronaut But on that glorious day in May, 1963, Gordo Cooper went higher, farther, and faster than any other American. Twenty-two complete orbits around the world.
Old Course humbled Graeme McDowell matched a course record with a 10-under-par 62 on the famed Old Course yesterday to take the first-round lead in the Dunhill Links Championship at St.
Sox want to end series before Angels wake up Boston couldn #39;t be more confident heading back to Fenway Park, looking to close out the once-hot Angels. By MARC TOPKIN, Times Staff Writer.
How they #39;ve fared: teams split games this year June 11: Kamila Vodichkova scored 18 points and grabbed 10 rebounds, helping the Storm to a tough win. Lauren Jackson scored 22 points, but was just 7 of 18 and had just two rebounds.
Malicious Trojan Pretends To Be Good (TechWeb) TechWeb - Symantec is warning PC users about a new Trojan horse that terminates adware on a person's computer, but also plays dirty tricks.
Earnhardt sets sights on CNS Kerry Earnhardt, a son of late legendary NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt #39;s, is scheduled to compete in Saturday #39;s NAPA 150 at Colorado National Speedway.
Man U fans in uproar LONDONFans of the self-styled biggest soccer team in the world are outraged this week following news that Manchester United is subject to a reported takeover bid by Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer.
J. Lewis pleads guilty in drug case Baltimore Ravens Pro Bowl running back Jamal Lewis pleaded guilty yesterday in federal court in Atlanta to trying to set up a drug deal.
NFL games on TV Comments: The Seahawks are going for the first 4-0 start in franchise history. They lead the league in defense (242.3 ypg), having yielded only 13 points so far this season.
Gluecode Contributes Open-Source BPM Engine (TechWeb) TechWeb - Gluecode Software is contributing what it says is the first open-source business process management engine to the Apache Software Foundation.
Unknown group claims responsibility for Egypt bombings A previously unknown group calling itself the  quot;Islamic Unity Brigades quot; has claimed responsibility for a series of bombings in Egypt #39;s Sinai peninsula targeting Israeli tourists.
Embassy blast hurts nine A SMALL device planted outside the Indonesian Embassy in Paris exploded early today, slightly injuring nine people, including four embassy workers, authorities said.
ASEM Summit Starts amid Myanmar Discord Friday marks the beginning of the Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) in Hanoi, where themes such as terrorism and trade will be discussed.
Militants fire rockets at Baghdad hotel Militants fired rockets at a hotel housing foreigners in the heart of Baghdad last night, causing minor damage, while US officials said two American soldiers 
Haiti: Beheaded corpses found Port-Au-Prince - A man #39;s beheaded body lay in the street in a seaside slum on Thursday near the smouldering remains of another beheaded corpse that was wrapped in tires and set ablaze, as leaders of the uprising that ousted President Jean-Bertrand 
BABY CHARLOTTE: VERDICT:  #39;SHE CAN MEET HER END IN THE TLC OF THOSE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE judge who ruled sick baby Charlotte Wyatt must be allowed to die said she should do so with dignity in her parents #39; arms. Mr Justice Hedley told the anguished couple it was in their 11-month 
IBM Outlines Mainframe Integration Roadmap (TechWeb) TechWeb - Among the new features is support for IBM's Virtualization Engine, a slice-and-dice technology that splits processors into as many as 10 virtual CPUs.
Migo Transforms iPod Into Backup Device (TechWeb) TechWeb - The  #36;99.95 software stores Outlook e-mail, calendar and contacts, Internet Explorer favorites and browsing history, among other data.
Closer's role He was the insurance policy, neatly tucked away in a file cabinet in the basement, maybe destined to languish there until he was rendered irrelevant or forgotten. And Bronson Arroyo's potential beneficiaries -- his Red Sox teammates -- wondered why.
LaFrentz is on the rebound When training camp competition demanded Raef LaFrentz jump repeatedly in pursuit of a rebound, and when doing so did not give him pause, the power forward knew he could once again compete in the NBA. That was the best news on Day 1 of preseason.
No longer wrestling with job FOXBOROUGH -- Physically, Stephen Neal has seldom been overmatched in his athletic endeavors. A 6-foot-4-inch, 305-pound offensive lineman with the Patriots, Neal has held his own grappling with NFL defensive linemen, much the way he did with opponents on the wrestling mat at Cal State-Bakersfield, winning a pair of NCAA Division 1 titles. But ask Neal about the most daunting ...
Airbus hits back at Boeing over aid AIRBUS said last night that the move by the United States to file a complaint with the World Trade Organisation reveals Boeing #39;s unwillingness to enter talks to end massive federal and state support for its new 7E7 Dreamliner.
Stern show ruling  #39;a long way off #39; TORONTO -- No decision has yet been made on what to do with American radio shock-jock Howard Stern if an application to bring the US subscription service Sirius to Canada is successful, says the CBC, which is involved in the application.
Bombardier axes 2,000; another 1,200 jobs at risk 1,440 of them in Montreal -- as it slows the production rate of its 50-seat Canadair regional jet to face the realities of the struggling US airline industry.
ATI gains on Nvidia, revenue leaps 50 ATI Technologies Inc. saw revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter jump 50 as the Canadian computer graphics chip maker inched closer to eclipsing chief rival Nvidia Corp.
Nixon is eager to hit his stride ANAHEIM, Calif. -- In the immediate moments after Wednesday night's win over the Anaheim Angels, reporters gathered three-deep around the locker of catcher Jason Varitek, who clubbed a two-run homer to tie the game in the sixth, and helped navigate the heartening performance of Pedro Martinez, who notched a convincing playoff win, demonstrating high heat and the kind of location ...
Low payroll comes at a price Followers of the Yankees and Red Sox, do not delude yourselves: money does matter. Imagine, please, being Ron Gardenhire, manager of the Minnesota Twins, as opposed to either Joe Torre or Terry Francona. It's Game 2 of the American League Division Series. Your team has a chance to go up, two games to none, in Yankee Stadium. And who is ...
Down to their last prayer They haven't hit the way they can, or pitched the way they should, or executed fundamentals the way good teams are expected to in October.
They'll come out swinging There's a common determination between the Red Sox and Angels entering today's Game 3 of the best-of-five American League Division Series at Fenway Park, albeit for different reasons.
Sosa fined for untimely departure Sammy Sosa was fined \$87,400 -- one day's salary -- for arriving late to the Cubs' regular-season finale at Wrigley Field and leaving the game early. The slugger's agent, Adam Katz , said yesterday Sosa most likely will file a grievance. Sosa arrived 70 minutes before Sunday's first pitch, and he apparently left 15 minutes after the game started without ...
Lewis pleads guilty; will serve 4 months Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis pleaded guilty yesterday to using a cellphone to try to set up a drug deal and will be sentenced to four months in prison, to be served after the regular season ends in January.
NFL games on TV ST. LOUIS (2-2) vs. SEATTLE (3-0) When, where: Sunday, 4 p.m., at Seattle. TV: Ch. 25. Last season: Seattle won, 24-23, and St. Louis won, 27-22. Comments: The Seahawks are going for the first 4-0 start in franchise history. They lead the league in defense (242.3 ypg), having yielded only 13 points so far this season. They also lead in ...
Inglorious days are history for Patriots  quot;Who are the Patriots going to beat this week? quot; my son asked, and because he does not believe in answers, only a string of questions, he barely took a breath before adding,  quot;And where will the Patriots be playing this year's Super Bowl? quot;
But seriously folks Then there are those weeks when nothing on the menu appeals to you, for whatever reason. Maybe it's too many games between bad teams (Tampa Bay at New Orleans, Arizona at San Francisco) or too many games that involve teams that can't seem to get out of their own way (Carolina, Oakland, St. Louis, Washington come to mind), but you ...
Veteran guard Black bugs opponents The Connecticut Sun have the  quot;Tasmanian Devil quot; on their side as they enter the WNBA Finals tonight.
Kidd passes on night practices Jason Kidd is refusing to attend night sessions during the New Jersey Nets' two-a-day practices at training camp, and he doesn't care if the team fines him for it.
Conley making field hockey mark at Babson Babson College field hockey player Elise Conley of Shrewsbury, who suffered a facial injury last season that required her to wear a protective mask, has come back in a big way this fall.
Bentley hoping to avoid getting tripped up by Post A year ago, the Bentley Falcons ended C.W. Post's two-year reign as Northeast-10 Conference football champions. Now the Pioneers have a chance to return the favor. Sitting atop the conference standings, C.W. Post (4-1, 4-0) hosts Bentley tomorrow and can inflict serious damage on any hopes the Falcons have of repeating.
All of a sudden, Cal is loaded for bear Call them the  quot;almost ready for prime-time quot; Bears. Or maybe you can call them more than that after tomorrow. For the University of California, the time is now. Or, more specifically, tomorrow afternoon, when they take on top-ranked Southern Cal.
Frazar finds fun at top Harrison Frazar took some time off to rest and find a way to make golf fun again. For the second week in a row it paid off with a share of the first-round lead, though he had to share it with six others in the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas.
Andover now a target The tricky thing about being the team to watch is it's impossible to stay that way for long. Either you become an also-ran or you turn into the team to beat.
MacCallum boosts Hingham The Hingham boys' soccer team remembers the last time it lost a game. Since losing to Middleboro in last year's state quarterfinals, the Harbormen have been aching for revenge.
Weekend Highlights Friday -- The 4-mile Charles River Fun Run will begin at 6 p.m. at the Cambridge Fitness and Racquet Club at 215 First St. in Cambridge. The run is free and open to runners of all ability levels. For more information, call Steve Pepe at 781-275-1584.
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY AUTO RACING 2:30 p.m. -- NASCAR Busch Series Mr. Goodcents 300 qualifying at Kansas City, Kan., Speed Channel 4:10 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Banquet 400 qualifying at Kansas City, Kan., Speed Channel 1 a.m. -- Japanese Grand Prix qualifying at Suzuka, Speed Channel PRO BASEBALL 4 p.m. -- AL Division Series: Red Sox vs. Anaheim at Fenway Park ...
Transactions BASEBALL Chicago (AL): Assigned Ps Enemencio Pacheco, David Sanders, and Josh Stewart outright to Charlotte (IL). Chicago (NL): Fined OF Sammy Sosa \$87,400 for arriving late and leaving early for regular-season finale Oct. 3. Cincinnati (NL): Announced 1B Jacob Cruz declined an outright assignment and elected free agency. San Diego (NL): Released P Jay Witasick; assigned OF Kerry Robinson, and ...
Time for 2-year-olds to be in the spotlight This is the last big weekend for prep races before the Breeders' Cup at Lone Star Park Oct. 30, and the 2-year-olds will take center stage.
Latest bluefish battle well worth the fight Of The Doctor and the Great Fish, Part II. Dr. Anthony is a surgeon whose deft fingers have found their way into human hearts and back many thousands of times in his career, which makes his misadventures with fish somewhat enigmatic.
GenVec to suspend TNFerade trials Gaithersburg-based GenVec has run into a problem with its top drug candidate, and investors have had an adverse reaction. GenVec says the US Food and Drug Administration has requested that clinical trials 
HP Building Portfolio of Products For Telecom Carriers, Equipment &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vendor says it #39;s developing standards-based servers in various form factors for the telecom market. By Darrell Dunn. Hewlett-Packard on Thursday unveiled plans to create a portfolio of products and services 
Telcove Launches Managed VPN Telecommunications services provider TelCove has launched a managed VPN to give its customers #39; telecommuter and mobile employees secure, remote access to resources on their corporate networks from any location.
UMC continues to grow faster than TSMC Growth at foundry United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) continues to outpace that at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), which ended its record-sales streak in September.
Weaver wild as Cards deck LA Jeff Weaver supposedly was a changed man since leaving the Bronx, but New Yorkers surely recognized who was on the mound for the Dodgers last night: good ol #39; Mr.
GOLF: MCDOWELL:MY 62 WAS BLASPHEMY and admitted it felt like  quot;blasphemy quot;. Just like Tiger Woods at the 2000 Open, the Ulsterman kept out of every 
Potty mouth could cost Earnhardt Jr. more than \$3 million If you believe Dale Earnhardt Jr. is hurting now, wait until late next month, should he fail to recoup the 25 points he lost for uttering a naughty word on national television following last week #39;s emotional victory at Talladega (Ala.
SVEN CONSIDERING NEW-LOOK ATTACK England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson is considering using a three-man attack in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales. With Eriksson having confirmed at the start of the week that a fit-again Wayne Rooney 
Egypt bomb blasts kill 22 At least 22 people have been killed in back-to-back bombings in Egyptian resorts packed with Israeli tourists, and Israel says it appears to be the work of al Qaeda.
Security Tightened in Paris Following Embassy Bombing Security was tightened around Paris today after a bomb exploded outside the Indonesian Embassy, slightly injuring nine people. French Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin said a rigged package exploded 
Explosions rock Red Sea resorts At least 21 people are killed after a series of explosions at Egyptian resorts popular with Israeli tourists.
Blasts kill at least 30 at Egypt hotel  TEL AVIV -- Massive explosions ripped through a hotel last night on the Red Sea in Egypt, near the southern tip of Israel, killing at least 30 and injuring more than 160, many of them Israeli tourists, according to Israeli media reports and Egyptian officials.
Militants fire rockets at Baghdad hotel  BAGHDAD -- Militants fired rockets at a hotel housing foreigners in the heart of Baghdad last night, causing minor damage, while US officials said two American soldiers were killed by roadside bombs outside the capital and authorities arrested 20 Iraqis suspected of planting homemade explosives.
US troops strike site in Fallujah; 11 said dead FALLUJAH, Iraq -- A US air strike on the rebel-held city of Fallujah in western Iraq last night killed 11 people and wounded 17 at a wedding party, with women and children among the casualties, a hospital doctor said today.
Beheadings Mark Haiti's Latest Misery  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti, Oct. 7 -- At first it looked like an old glove, black and rubbery and flattened in traffic. But a closer look revealed toenails.
Privacy Act, Order Shielded U.S. Names on List CIA analyst Charles A. Duelfer's report on Iraq's weapons programs included lists of governments, political parties, companies and individuals from at least 44 nations who received vouchers to buy oil -- both legally and otherwise -- from the Iraqi government during Saddam Hussein's reign.
Iraq #39;s interim president, Jordan #39;s king visit White House Welcoming Iraq #39;s interim president to the White House offers President Bush a chance to persuade Iraqi minority groups to participate in next month #39;s election - pivotal step toward a democracy still threatened by a violent 
Wildlife treaty moves to protect Asian hardwood BANGKOK: The global treaty regulating trade in threatened wildlife moved to protect ramin, the Asian hardwood whose forests and their inhabitants have been devastated by rampant commercial logging.
UN to investigate Darfur genocide A UN panel is given three months to establish whether genocide is taking place in Darfur in western Sudan.
Fable creator explains online apology Games guru Peter Molyneux says he felt a duty to explain why some features are missing in his latest title.
Chiefs 34, Raiders 27 OAKLAND, Calif. - Trent Green nearly played a perfect half, tender ribs and all, to lead the Chiefs to an important comeback win. Green completed 14 of 15 passes after halftime for 229 of his 340 yards and 
Hollywood majors back Toshiba DVD Toshiba Corp says it has won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Warner Bros Studios, Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures and New Line Cinema, advancing its cause in the battle for the next-generation DVD.
Modalities for hiking foreign stake in banking sector soon UNI, New Delhi, Dec 5: The Finance Minister, Mr P Chidambaram, today announced further opening up of the banking sector, saying the modalities for foreign banks acquiring upto 74 per cent stake in Indian private banks will be announced by the year-end.
Standard Chartered Is Chosen as Preferred Bidder for Permata Standard Chartered Plc, a UK bank that makes two-thirds of its profit in Asia, will start talks to buy a 51 percent stake in PT Bank Permata, Indonesia #39;s seventh- largest lender, after being named the preferred bidder.
Holiday shopping outlook dimming Report finds retailers suffer fourth month of tepid sales as job security issues, gas prices and food bills scare consumers. By Anne D #39;Innocenzio.
Ohio Candidate Seeks Advice of Web Surfers (AP) AP - An Ohio candidate in a long-shot bid to unseat a 16-term House veteran has an unusual approach in deciding how to spend his campaign. He asks Web surfers: Should he sleep in? Prepare for his debate? Campaign door to door?
GeekTech: Picking Your Perfect PCI Express PC (PC World) PC World - Intel-based PCs are shipping now and AMD systems with the technology are on the way.
Sun and Kodak settle out of court In an out of court settlement, Sun Microsystems has agreed to pay Kodak \$92 million to settle the long running patent case involving Java technology.
Google Tests Short Message Service Google on Thursday, October 5, announced a new test service. People will need only mobile phones or handheld devices and they should tap Google #39;s Web search via text messages, or short message service.
Flaw in Office has DoS attack potential A security company warned on Thursday that a flaw in Microsoft Office could allow a denial-of-service attack to be executed on systems running somewhat older versions of the popular productivity suite.
Sprint PCS introduces Picture Mail developing Sprint PCS today made the first moves toward turning its popular Picture Mail service from a mere novelty to a full-fledged digital photography solution.
Furcals walkoff homer saves Braves Atlantas Rafael Furcal, at left with hand raised, is greeted by teammates including Chipper Jones, right, after hitting the game-winning home run against the Houston Astros in Game 2 of the 
Perfect day sees 7 lead Michelin LAS VEGAS - Harrison Frazar shares the lead with six others in the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas. Frazar shot a bogey-free 64 Thursday to take his place among a crowded group at the top of the leader board at 8 under.
FTC Files Case Against Spyware Suspects (AP) AP - The Federal Trade Commission on Thursday filed the first case in the country against software companies accused of infecting computers with intrusive "spyware" and then trying to sell people the solution.
Egyptian Resort Bombs Leave at Least 21 Dead (Correct) At least 21 people were killed and 122 injured at a series of bombings at two Egyptian resorts on the Sinai Peninsula coast that caused a 10-storey segment of a Hilton hotel to collapse.
Indonesia #39;s president-elect condemns bombing outside Paris embassy JAKARTA: Indonesia #39;s president-elect Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono condemned as  quot;an act of violence quot; a bombing outside his country #39;s embassy in Paris.
Possible Blackbeard Ship Cannon Found (AP) AP - Underwater archaeologists have found another cannon from the wreckage of what they believe was the flagship of the notorious pirate Blackbeard.
Extra cash for 'super-microscope' The giant Diamond synchrotron being built in England is to receive a further 120m of funding.
Shock treatment for coral restoration Electro-shock therapy is being tested as a way of saving some of the world's endangered corals.
Conway acknowledges slamming Oracle Ousted PeopleSoft (PSFT) CEO Craig Conway acknowledged in court Wednesday that he countered rival Oracle #39;s (ORCL) hostile takeover bid with a crusade to vilify the company and its CEO, Larry Ellison.
Bradley won #39;t be disciplined for slur Dodgers owner says he #39;s not upset about player #39;s heated exchange with Times writer nor does he consider it a serious blowup.
GeekTech: Picking Your Perfect PCI Express PC Intel-based PCs are shipping now and AMD systems with the technology are on the way.
Oracle extends Peoplesoft offer deadline The company #39;s initial offer of \$7.7bn or \$21 per share, was due to expire at midnight tonight but Peoplesoft will now have another two weeks, until 22 October, to make their decision.
Standard Chartered wins bid for Permata Standard Chartered has won a bid for a controlling stake in Indonesia #39;s seventh-largest bank for about \$278 million (155 million pounds), the British bank #39;s third attempt to buy an Indonesian financial institution, a source says.
Sun and Kodak settle out of court Sun Microsystems has settled a patent suit brought by Eastman Kodak relating to Java software, agreeing to license Kodak #39;s patents for \$92m.
Midland Group Plans to Start Formula One Team for 2006 Season A new British-based Formula One team is planned for the start of the 2006 season and may include Russia #39;s first-ever driver, the team #39;s co-founder said.
Escobar is no pushover A wolf in Angels wings? Or a sacrificial lamb to be served up on the Fenway mound this afternoon? Kelvim Escobar went 11-12 this season and was beaten by the Red Sox stats, schedule, 4 
No homers, no problem ST. LOUIS - Mike Matheny, Edgar Renteria and St. Louis can win with singles, doubles and triples, too. After tying a postseason record with five home runs in the opener, the Cardinals stayed in the ballpark for Game 2 Thursday night.
Pakistan on high alert after car bomb massacre MULTAN, Pakistan: Pakistan security forces were on high alert with troops deployed to the city of Multan after a car bomb killed 41 people and wounded more than 100 in the latest attack blamed on sectarian tensions.
Ahead of announcement for Nobel Peace Prize, odds favour fight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Speculation on who will win the Nobel Peace Prize has been hotly focused on the battle against one of the great threats to world peace: weapons of mass destruction.
UN to investigate Darfur genocide A five-member panel to investigate whether genocide has taken place in Darfur has been appointed by United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan.
DOJ, FCC concur on wireless deal (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The two agencies are coordinating their reviews of Cingular Wireless' purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services.
Situational ethics meets PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - A long and winding road runs from Joseph Fletcher to Craig Conway.
U.S. Air Strike Kills 11 in Iraq's Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. air raid, aimed at foreign\fighters led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, killed 11 people and\wounded 17 after a wedding party in the rebel-held Iraqi city\of Falluja Friday, residents and doctors said.
Report: Russia May Give Yukos Unit Warning (AP) AP - Russia's natural resources minister said Friday that he thought his ministry would give the main production unit of the battered Yukos oil company a three-month warning before pulling its drilling licenses, the Interfax news agency reported.
Cubans Force Dissident Protest From Park (AP) AP - Cuban authorities forced a group of protesters to leave a Havana park where they planted themselves two days earlier to demand the transfer of a jailed dissident to the capital for medical treatment, one of the protesters said.
Australia turn the screw against India (Reuters) Reuters - Glenn McGrath finished with four wickets as Australia quashed Indian hopes of a fightback by establishing a big first-innings lead in the first test on Friday.
Kenyan Environmentalist Wins Nobel Peace Prize  OSLO (Reuters) - Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai  became the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize  Friday for leading a campaign to plant tens of millions of  trees across Africa to slow deforestation.
Kenyan activist wins Nobel prize Kenya's Wangari Maathai wins this year Nobel Peace Prize, the first African woman to do so.
House clears huge business tax revamp to end trade war The House last night passed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, a measure designed to end a nasty trade war with Europe and shower \$136 
Government confirms Stanchart wins Bank Permata sale JAKARTA (Dow Jones): A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC has won the bidding for a 51 percent stake in PT Bank Permata, Indonesia #39;s seventh-largest lender, Minister of Finance Boediono said on Friday.
Marriott International Profit Rises Marriott International Inc. (MAR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US hotel operator, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 45 percent as business travel continued to perk up after three years of stagnation.
Titans Can Move Ball, but Can't Score (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans are doing a great job of holding onto the ball. Now, they have to find a way to get into the end zone.
Sportsview: Best Playoff Stuff Off Field (AP) AP - Ah, October, a time when leaves start turning, the carpet in the Metrodome gets a thorough vacuuming and Dodgers fans usually don't even get a chance to leave games early.
Virginia runs to victory over Clemson CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. - Facing the first real test to its dominance this season, Virginia showed Clemson - and the nation - that its numbers haven #39;t just been built against inferior competition.
Key college games on TV TEXAS (4-0) vs. OKLAHOMA (4-0) When, where: Tomorrow, noon, at Dallas. TV: Ch. 5. AP rankings: Oklahoma is No. 2, Texas No. 5. Last season: Oklahoma won, 65-13.
Excerpts From Citation for Peace Prize Excerpts from the citation awarding the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize to Kenyan Wangari Maathai for her contributions to sustainable development, democracy and peace.
BLAIR CALLS FOR INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT OF AFRICA The Africa Commissions motto is to find out means to develop Africa and explain the cause of continents poor growth in the past.
Crude Oil Falls From Record \$53; Supplies May Meet Winter Needs Crude oil fell after reaching a record \$53 a barrel in New York yesterday on speculation global output may provide US refiners with enough supply to meet winter needs.
Parmalat files lawsuit against Bank of America MILAN - The bankrupt Italian food group Parmalat said its special administrator Enrico Bondi has filed a US lawsuit against Bank of America.
Bank of America to cut more jobs The decision comes on top of 12,500 job cuts that the bank initially said it would eliminate during the merger. The bank #39;s move drew fire from two Massachusetts 
ATI Q4 sales, income rocket ATI saw its income almost triple during its most recently completed fiscal quarter, Q4 2004, the company said yesterday after announcing record results.
Indonesia Govt Confirms Stanchart Wins Bk Permata Sale JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC (STAN.LN) has won the bidding for a 51 stake in PT Bank Permata (BNLI.
Bush #39;s campaign of distortion IN THE FIRST presidential debate, George W. Bush asserted that he #39;ll win reelection because he knows how to lead -- and but for an absent prefix, the president might have been revealing his closing-stretch strategy.
Kodak, Sun settle Java dispute MANHASSET, NY - Sun Microsystems has reached an out-of-court settlement with Eastman Kodak Co. in a two-year patent dispute over its Java programming language, agreeing to pay the imaging products company 
Google goes ga-ga for SMS The new product, dubbed Google SMS, will see mobile phone users send simple queries to the US-only SMS shortcode 46645, which spells  quot;GOOGL quot; on most phones.
Microsoft to offer XP Special Edition to huge impoverished group EARLIER WE TOLD YOU about Microsoft #39;s launch of Media Center 2005 at retail, but there is another surprise MS announcement coming a little later on.
Phelps wins first medal after Athens Michael Phelps led all the way in winning the 200-metre freestyle at the World Short Course Championships on opening night on Thursday, giving the world #39;s best swimmer a chance to equal the six gold medals he won at the Athens Olympics.
USC, Oklahoma wary of weekend 1-2 punch Going in, this looks like a big weekend for the nation #39;s best two teams. The question is, will it look that way by Saturday night?
Kenyan environmentalist wins Nobel Peace Prize Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai became the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for leading a campaign to plant tens of millions of trees across Africa to slow deforestation.
Blast at Indonesian Embassy in Paris A bomb went off outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris early Friday, injuring nine people. The blast came on the heels of a deadly bombing at an Egyptian resort hotel.
US House passes repeal of tax law at centre of WTO sanctions case WASHINGTON : The US House of Representatives repealed a controversial tax break for US corporations in a bid to end hefty European Union trade sanctions more than a year after the World Trade Organization ruled against the practice.
SpaceShipOne propels space travel future Monday #39;s triumphant second flight of SpaceShipOne is a perfect example of private business taking up where government left off and improving an idea.
Web Snap(s) Search and Rebounds The Web glitterati came out for the Web 2.0 conference at San Francisco #39;s swanky Nikko hotel this week. In attendance were Amazon #39;s Jeff Bezos, Netscape cofounder Marc Andreessen, Bill 
Pedro aces a big test No matter where he happens to fall in the rotation, and he admits he has slipped a spot, Pedro Martinez insists he still is No. 1 on the day he pitches.
As usual, Jeter does whatever it takes to get  #39;W #39; You can #39;t rely on the boxscore to quantify the type of impact Derek Jeter had on Game 2 of the Yankees-Twins series. Or the influence he has on his team.
Egyptian cooperation insufficient in rescue work: Israeli fire &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel #39;s fire chief complained of insufficient cooperation from Egypt on Friday in rescue efforts at an Egyptian Red Sea resort hotel, torn apart by a bomb blast.
Schrder #39;s Afghan Visit on Track German Chancellor Schrder will travel to Afghanistan next week despite a rocket attack near the German embassy in Kabul. The attack came a day before the country #39;s first free presidential elections.
Afghan security forces on alert ahead of landmark election KABUL, Afghanistan More than 100-thousand Afghan and foreign security forces are on high alert the day before the country #39;s first direct presidential election.
Palestinian state off the agenda, says senior Sharon aide The language used by Mr Weisglass can hardly fail to embarrass even a US President as friendly to Israel as George Bush, who remains at least theoretically committed to the road 
US pressures EU on China arms ban Chinas human rights record does not warrant the lifting of a 15 year old EU arms embargo, said a senior US official. Gregory Suchan, US Deputy assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs 
SMS Google to Search Google has launched a beta test version of a text service that allows people to use mobile phones to search the Web via text messages.
Visionaries outline web #39;s future Universal access to all human knowledge could be had for around \$260m, a conference about the web #39;s future has been told. The idea of access for all was put forward by visionary Brewster Kahle, who suggested 
Aragones Apology for Racist Remark Spain coach Luis Aragones has issued an apology for his racist slur towards Arsenals French international Thierry Henry. Aragones claims he was trying to motivate Henrys Arsenal team-mate Jose Antonio 
McGrath keeps the pressure on Australia #39;s bowlers completed their rout of the Indian batting lineup on the third day of the first Test in Bangalore, after a brief but determined resistance from teenagers Parthiv Patel and Irfan Pathan that restored some pride to the hosts.
Indian economy to grow at 7: FM Speaking at the India Economic Summit in New Delhi, Finance Minister P Chidambaram said that the Indian economy will grow at 7 annually, for the next ten years, reports CNBC-TV18.
Opec in no hurry to cut quota LONDON - Despite a recent plunge in oil prices, Opec producers appear to be in no rush to cut output quotas and markets expect the taps to be left wide open when ministers meet in Cairo this week.
List of 10 Endangered Wildlife Refuges (AP) AP - The 10 most endangered national wildlife refuges as chosen by the environmental group Defenders of Wildlife, and reasons cited by the group:
BOFH: A ringside seat at the Boss-baiting pit &lt;strong&gt;Episode 34&lt;/strong&gt; Place your bets
AT #38;T culls another 7,400 staff 'Significantly exceeds previously estimated workforce-reduction target'
Visionaries outline web's future The web will be more interactive and will use tools to mine its vast pool of data, say experts.
Previous Peace Prize Winners From Africa (AP) AP - Previous winners of the Nobel Peace Prize who were from Africa.
Rockets rain on Afghanistan ahead of vote (AFP) AFP - Rockets rained on cities and military outposts across Afghanistan as the war-weary nation prepared to go to the polls in Saturday's historic presidential elections.
Kenyan Environmentalist Wins Nobel Peace Prize  OSLO (Reuters) - Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai  became the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize  Friday for aiding the continent's poor with a campaign to plant  millions of trees to slow down deforestation.
Drug hope in prostate cancer care A drug now used to treat breast cancer could help men with advanced prostate cancer live longer, say scientists.
Oracle extends tender offer for PeopleSoft; price unchanged NEW YORK, October 8 (newratings.com) - Oracle Corporation (ORCL.NAS) has extended its \$7.7 billion tender offer for PeopleSoft (PSFT) until the midnight of October 22 this year, leaving the terms of its hostile takeover proposal unchanged at \$21 per 
AT amp;T to slash about 7,400 jobs The job cuts are a part of the company #39;s efforts to shift its focus to business services and cut costs amid the competitive long-distance telephone services market.
Linx Printing Tech. recommends Danaher 550p/shr offer LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Linx Printing Technology (UK:LPT) said its board has agreed to recommend Danaher Corp. #39;s (DHR) 550p per share cash offer, valuing the British company at approximately 86 million pounds.
US consumer confidence dips US consumer confidence hasdropped to its lowest levels since the middle of the northern summer amid worries about high energy prices, uncertainty about the labor market and anxiety 
Siemens to Integrate Flarion #39;s FLASH-OFDM Siemens Communications has agreed to integrate Flarion Technologies #39; FLASH-OFDM technology into its portfolio of mobile broadband solutions.
SiS readies November AMD PCIE chipset launch SiS will next month join ATI, Nvidia and VIA in becoming a supplier of PCI Express chipsets for AMD processors. November will see the company commence volume production of its SiS761 North Bridge, which will 
Hewitt through to semis Top seed Lleyton Hewitt will take on Jiri Novak in the semi-finals of the Japan Open after sealing a 7-5 6-1 victory over Cyril Saulnier.
Players, teams ready to emerge All Cedric Benson did three weeks ago was be honest. Texas #39; star senior running back said he would like to win the Heisman Trophy, maybe more than he #39;d like to beat second-ranked Oklahoma on Saturday.
Pakistanis ban religious meetings Authorities here announced a nationwide ban on all political and religious meetings except Friday prayers after a car bombing early Thursday in the central city of Multan killed 40 people and wounded at least 100.
Chirac hopes visit strengthens partnership President Jacques Chirac has expressed the hope that his upcoming visit to China would further boost the Sino-French partnership.  quot;Our partnership is built on a shared view of the world, which is multipolar 
FDA Official Alleges Pressure to Suppress Vioxx Findings A Food and Drug Administration official who sought to estimate the harm done to patients by side effects of the painkiller Vioxx said yesterday that his supervisors tried to suppress his conclusions, according to Sen.
UPDATE:Stanchart To Buy 51 Stake In Indonesia Bk Permata JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC (STAN.LN) won the bidding for a majority stake in PT Bank Permata (BNLI.
Presse conomique / Telecoms BEDMINSTER, NJ--(BUSINESS WIRE)8 Octobre 2004--Siemens Communications va intgrer la technologie FLASHOFDM (R) (Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing)  son portefeuille de solutions mobiles haut dbit.
Catching A Good Break The WNBA #39;S month-long break during August, which accommodated players that took part in the Summer Olympics, had a vastly different effect on the Connecticut Sun and Seattle Storm.
Footage of Bradley confrontation erased Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, going 2 for 3 with a home run, double and walk in an 8-3 loss to St.
Podcasts: New Twist on Net Audio A technology that delivers internet audio programs directly to iPods and other MP3 players, podcasting is gaining a following among people who can't listen to their favorite shows when they're live. By Daniel Terdiman.
Gamers Spar for National Honor At the World Cyber Games 2004, the competition is about more than just who wins at Counter-Strike or WarCraft III. Gamers are competing to bring glory to their home countries. Daniel Terdiman reports from San Francisco.
Minniapple's Mini Radio Stations The Walker Art Center wants to put the 'public' back in the public airwaves. It's distributing tiny radio-transmitter kits so people can broadcast from their own personal radio stations. Michelle Delio reports from Minneapolis.
Makin' Woohoo Attempting an 'alternative lifestyle' in a game of The Sims 2 turns out to be an awful lot like plain ol' life. Go figure. Commentary by Gina Lynn.
NASA to Test Automated Mission Look, Ma, no hands! The U.S. space agency's latest spacecraft can run an entire mission by itself. By Amit Asaravala.
Drier Times Ahead in the West? Scientists unlock the rainfall history stored in tree rings and find evidence of long dry periods in the past that dwarf the current drought in the western United States. The research hints at another monster drought to come. By Stephen Leahy.
We've Created a Monster! Three programming geeks use monsters and metaphors to turn the Sci Fi Channel into the best little horror house in the movie business. By Gary Wolf from Wired magazine.
Stem Cells to the Rescue A new study shows that embryonic stem cells can heal defective heart cells in mice. It could be a new way to look at the potential healing power of these controversial cells. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Oracle bid has wiggle room Two days after a PeopleSoft Inc. board member suggested the company may be willing to sell to Oracle Corp. for the right price, an Oracle director said his firm #39;s offer to buy its Pleasanton rival for \$21 per share may not be final.
Kodak lawsuit cost Sun USD 92 millions Eastman Kodak Co. sued Sun Microsystems Inc. and claimed damages worth USD 1 Billion over long running patent disputes related to object management procedures implemented by Sun in the very popular Java programming language.
Google adds books to its epic search story Internet search engine Google has announced Google Print, a new book search service at the Frankfurt Book Fair. Google has already secured deals with major publishers, including Oxford University Press.
Internet bigwigs upbeat Some of the high-technology industry #39;s biggest executives, pontificators and bloggers assembled over three days this week in San Francisco, ending Thursday, to opine about the Web #39;s future.
Google Used to Identify 1993 Victim (AP) AP - Google, the Internet search engine, has done something that law enforcement officials and their computer tools could not: Identify a man who died in an apparent hit-and-run accident 11 years ago in this small town outside Yakima.
Saturday qualifying at Japanese GP postponed due to typhoon Qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix scheduled for Saturday was postponed Friday because a typhoon was approaching the area. Race organizers and Formula One moved pre-qualifying and 
The game Mack Brown can #39;t win While people out here debate the importance of Saturday #39;s Cal-USC game -- Biggest West Coast game in a decade? Biggest Cal game in school history?
Smith just keeps on churning out the yards Somewhere in Jeff Ulbrich #39;s house lies a Kodak moment worth savoring. The 49ers #39; linebacker is shown bringing down Emmitt Smith in a manner so forceful, it bore reenactment Thursday.
In employees she trusts (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Trust and freedom are words that come up over and over when you ask employees at the little Menlo Park marketing and communications company Tajima Creative to explain why they like their boss.
IBM Chief Sees Global Tech Spending Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Companies will spend more money next year\on information technology and other capital investments\compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest\computer company, IBM Corp, said on Friday.
U.S. Wildlife Refuges Facing Threats (AP) AP - A sweeping wildlife preserve in southwestern Arizona is among the nation's 10 most endangered refuges, due in large part to illegal drug and immigrant traffic and Border Patrol operations, a conservation group said Friday.
Second chance scammers and the meaning of 'Va va voom' &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers to the rescue
IBM Chief Sees Global Tech Spending Rise  PARIS (Reuters) - Companies will spend more money next year  on information technology and other capital investments  compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest  computer company, IBM Corp, said on Friday.
Stocks Seen Up After GE; Jobs Data Next  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a higher  market open on Friday, snapping back from the previous day's  losses, as oil prices eased below \$53 a barrel and General  Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; reported earnings in line with Wall  Street's expectations.
Legislation Increasing Indecency Fines Dropped Lawmakers last night derailed legislation that would have substantially increased the amount the Federal Communications Commission can fine broadcasters for airing indecent material, giving media companies at least a temporary reprieve after months of scrutiny and public outrage.
Dollar Under Pressure Ahead of Jobs Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar slid across the board on  Friday as cautious comments from Federal Reserve officials  raised doubts over the health of the U.S. economy before key  U.S. jobs data.
Stewart Attorney Asks For Prosecution's Papers One day before Martha Stewart is slated to enter prison, lawyers for the multimillionaire businesswoman continued to press her appeal, accusing the government of withholding material that might have led to her acquittal.
Fierce T. rex's 'fluffy' history Chinese scientists unearth the earliest known relative of the mighty &lt;I&gt;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt;/I&gt; - and it seems it was covered in fluffy feathers.
Caviar producers cut export quota Caviar prices are set to rise after major producers of the luxury sturgeon roe delicacy agree to slash exports.
Steroids Harmful for Head Injury Patients By Ed Edelson, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Giving steroids to reduce brain swelling can be deadly for patients with severe head injuries, according to the largest study ever done on the subject.    The research, which included more than 10,000 patients treated at 239 hospitals in 49 countries, found that 21 percent of those who were given steroids died within two weeks, compared to 18 percent of those given a placebo...
GE meets 3Q, ups guidance NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - General Electric posted relatively flat third-quarter earnings Friday on improved revenue, as the diversified conglomerate met Wall Street profit expectations and edged future guidance higher.
Stocks to Open Up Ahead of Payroll Data NEW YORK Oct. 8, 2004 - US stocks are seen higher at the open Friday although the release of non-farm payroll data due later will most likely dictate overall sentiment and direction.
OneChicago CEO and Chairman Rainer announces resignation William Rainer, recruited in 2001 to lead the Chicago financial markets #39; venture into the trading of single-stock futures, said Thursday he #39;s resigning to spend more time on family-owned enterprises.
Sun, Kodak settle patent dispute Sun Microsystems Inc. said it agreed to pay \$92 million to Eastman Kodak Co. to settle a patent-infringement lawsuit over Sun #39;s Java programming language.
Shopping.com: A Bad Long-Term Investment NEW YORK - Shopping.com is the latest meteor to streak across the new-issues market. The company #39;s planned initial public offering will generate intense interest, but bigger companies are lining up to enter 
Google searches go mobile in US INTERNET search firm Google is testing a new service in the US which allows people to use mobile phones to tap into its web search engine via text messages.
Fierce T. rex #39;s  #39;fluffy #39; history What is more, the creature, which lived 60 to 70 million years before T. rex, had fluffy feathers covering its body. Xing Xu and colleagues from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing found their tyrannosauroid 
Errors stretch Mauresmo New world No1 Amelie Mauresmo beat Swiss Patty Schnyder 7-5, 6-4 in the second round of tennis #39;s Filderstadt Grand Prix in Germany.
Lucky seven share lead after 18 holes Jason Bohn wasn #39;t having much success in Las Vegas --  quot;Been getting killed, quot; he said with a laugh -- until he picked up his golf clubs.
Many loyal Cal fans still afraid to believe BERKELEY -- Because a season unfolding as this one comes so seldom to Cal football, many who have spent years loyal to the program await not the immortal victory but the inevitable heartbreak.
Blasts Strike Sinai Resort in Egypt A string of bombs hit a resort and a campground popular with Israelis in Egypt #39;s Sinai Peninsula at the end of a Jewish holiday killing at least 19 people.
Kenyan in surprise Nobel peace win Kenyan Deputy Environment Minister Wangari Muta Maathai has been named winner of the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize, beating a number of much better known world names to the prestigious award.
US Jets Hit Suspected Terrorist Safe House in Fallujah US military officials in Iraq say US warplanes carried an air strike early Friday against a suspected insurgent hideout in Fallujah, an insurgent stonghold west of Baghdad.
No casualties in Kabul bomb blast A rocket attack caused a loud blast near the US Embassy in the Afghan capital of Kabul early Friday, but no casualties were reported.
Your view: Should baby Charlotte be allowed to die? A High Court judge has ruled that doctors can allow to let a seriously ill baby to die if she stops breathing again. The parents of 11-month-old Charlotte Wyatt, who was born three months premature, asked 
Google Used to Identify 1993 Victim Google, the Internet search engine, has done something that law enforcement officials and their computer tools could not: Identify a man who died in an apparent hit-and-run accident 11 years ago in this small town outside Yakima.
Wal-Mart sees sales up 2.4 WAL-MART Stores, the worlds largest retailer and owner of Asda supermarkets, said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.4 per cent in September, slightly higher than its preliminary report but still towards the low end of its forecast range.
SEC may act against exchanges The Securities and Exchange Commission is preparing enforcement actions against three US stock exchanges -- and possibly the head of one of them -- over charges that in-house regulators failed to adequately enforce their own rules 
Pension agency chief fears insolvency The longer-term solvency of the US fund that insures traditional pensions is at risk, the director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp.
Drug-industry veteran to be Biovail #39;s new CEO; Melnyk remains &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Eugene Melnyk, who used his personal fortune to buy the Ottawa Senators last year, stepped aside Thursday as chief executive of Biovail Corp.
Music industry clamps down on song-swapping London - The piracy-battered music industry said on Thursday it will sue British, French and Austrian music fans as it intensifies its legal crackdown on Internet song-swappers.
First Edinburgh man in space THE year is 2007. A five-seater spacecraft powers away from an aeroplane  quot;mother ship quot; ten miles above the Mojave Desert in the United States and shoots into the stratosphere.
Critical Flaw Discovered In MS Word According to an advisory published on security firm Secunias website, a critical vulnerability exists in Microsoft Word, which can be exploited by a malicious code to cause a DoS (Denial of Service) and potentially compromise a user #39;s system.
CA intros usage pricing for mainframes It has been a busy few days at Computer Associates (CA) as the company first announced the acquisition of Netegrity and has now released details of a new licensing schema for its large portfolio of mainframe software.
NASCAR #39;s caution flag It #39;s impossible to know how many of the stock-car-racing fans who heard Dale Earnhardt Jr. use a naughty word on television after winning a 500 at Talladega were offended -- or even noticed.
Bomb rocks Indonesia #39;s Paris embassy A small package bomb has exploded outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn, slightly injuring 10 people and shattering nearby windows, but officials said they had no leads about the motive.
Issues related to war in Iraq help define election in Australia SYDNEY -- On one side is the incumbent, a conservative career politician who steadfastly defends his decision to send troops to Iraq.
 #39;We #39;ll let Charlotte die in our arms #39; THE parents of a tiny premature baby clinging to life in a hospital oxygen box are preparing to let her die in their arms. A High Court judge yesterday ruled that Charlotte Wyatt should be allowed to die in 
GE Posts Higher Quarterly Profit (Reuters) Reuters - General Electric Co.  on Friday\reported higher third-quarter earnings as strength across many\of its financial and industrial businesses outweighed\hurricane-related insurance losses.
Before the Bell: GE, Sirius Slip (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of General Electric Co. \fell slightly before the bell on Friday after the industrial\conglomerate said quarterly earnings rose.
Export Support for German Recovery Slips (AP) AP - German exports fell slightly in August, the government's statistics agency said Friday, in a sign that the strong support from exports for the country's budding recovery is beginning to ease.
GE Posts Higher Quarterly Profit  BOSTON (Reuters) - General Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  reported higher third-quarter earnings as strength across many  of its financial and industrial businesses outweighed  hurricane-related insurance losses.
SEC Steps Up Probe of Krispy Kreme  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt;, looking at how it repurchased some of its doughnut  franchises, the company said on Friday.
Dollar Weakens Ahead of Payrolls Release  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell broadly on Friday as  dovish comments from several U.S. central bankers raised doubts  over the health of the world's biggest economy ahead of a  crucial U.S. jobs report.
Before the Bell: GE, Sirius Slip  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of General Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt;  fell slightly before the bell on Friday after the industrial  conglomerate said quarterly earnings rose.
Johnson Controls Sees Revenue, Earns Up  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Auto parts supplier Johnson Controls  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCI.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it expects higher sales and  earnings in fiscal 2005, driven by strength in both its  automotive group and controls business.
Bank of America to cut more jobs Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will eliminate 4,500 more jobs as it absorbs the operations of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
High-risk driver plan hit by senators Eighteen Democratic state senators say the Romney administration must gain legislative approval before moving ahead with a proposal to change the way high-risk drivers are apportioned among auto insurance companies in Massachusetts.
Spammer to pay \$25,000 settlement Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly declared a victory in the war on unwanted e-mail yesterday, as a Florida spammer agreed to pay \$25,000 to settle a state lawsuit alleging violations of a new federal antispam law.
Holiday retail outlook cloudy The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain yesterday as the nationrsquos largest retailers reported they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
Output worries drive up oil prices Oil prices reached \$53 a barrel yesterday and have advanced more than 20 percent in a month, in large part because output in the Gulf of Mexico was hobbled by a hurricane and has not been restored as quickly as expected.
US Airways, unions clash over proposed pay cut US Airways' unions say the bankrupt airline is ''barking up the wrong tree quot; as it seeks to ensure its solvency by imposing a 23 percent pay cut on its workers.
JetBlue, Northwest to expand at Logan Two airlines plan to expand service at Logan International Airport. Airport officials say JetBlue Airways tomorrow will add a third daily nonstop flight to Fort Lauderdale and a new daily nonstop flight to Fort Myers, both in Florida. Northwest Airlines is planning nonstop daily service to Indianapolis starting Oct. 31, using 50-seat jets, with three flights a day on weekdays ...
Parmalat sues in US for \$10b to recoup losses Parmalat's government-appointed administrator filed a suit yesterday against Bank of America in a federal court in North Carolina in the latest attempt by the collapsed dairy giant to recoup money from financial institutions with which it dealt.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks End Lower on UFJ Probe Tokyo stocks dipped Friday as investors sold bank shares after Japanese authorities began a criminal investigation into UFJ Holding Inc.
No  quot;Abramovich route quot; to top in F1 - Minardi boss Minardi boss Paul Stoddart has warned prospective Formula One team Midland F1 that there is no  quot;Abramovich route quot; to the top in the glamour sport.
Tennis Roundup  Second-seeded David Nalbandian of Argentina lost at the Japan Open Thursday at Toyko, beaten by Gilles Muller of Luxembourg 7-6 (4), 3-6, 6-4 in the third round.
Nine hurt in Paris bomb blast A bomb explosion outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris slightly injured nine people today, authorities said, in the first terror attack to strike the French capital in years.
Japan's mobile operators target elderly (FT.com) FT.com - Mobile phones have become a must-have item for every high-powered Japanese businessman, multi-tasking mum and self-respecting teenager. Even schoolchildren often carry a mobile phone to call home on their way back from late-night cram school.
US gets new cyber security chief The US has a new head of cyber security, a week after his predecessor suddenly resigned.
Abu Dhabi TV reports British hostage Kenneth Bigley killed by captors in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) - British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed by his captors in Iraq, Abu Dhabi television reported Friday. The British Foreign Office said it could not confirm the report.
Kenyan Green Activist Wins Nobel Peace Prize  OSLO (Reuters) - Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai  became the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize on  Friday, honored for her work planting tens of millions of trees  to save the environment. The award marks a new theme in  interpreting the 1895 will of Sweden's Alfred Nobel, who  founded the prize.
Israel's Sharon Vows to Fight Those Behind Bombings  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Friday he and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak had  agreed to "focus efforts and forces to fight terror," after  bombings at Egyptian resorts killed at least 31 people.
Bomb Hits Jakarta's Paris Embassy, Motive Unclear  PARIS (Reuters) - A small package bomb exploded outside the  Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn Friday, slightly  injuring 10 people and shattering nearby windows, but officials  said they had no leads about the motive.
N.Korea Says to Resume Talks if U.S. Ends Hostility  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea wants bilateral nuclear talks  with the United States but would rejoin stalled six-party  meetings at once if Washington dropped its "hostile policy"  toward Pyongyang, the communist state said on Friday.
Hostage Bigley reported killed The UK government is checking unconfirmed reports that British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed in Iraq.
F1: Storm disrupts Japan GP  Saturday's qualifying session for the Japan GP is postponed because of a typhoon.
Blair back after Africa troop vow Tony Blair arrives back in Britain from Africa after saying the continent should be the top priority for a new EU battle force.
Last push for votes in Australia The two main contenders in Australia's federal election make their final pitches before Saturday's poll.
IBM Chief Sees Global Tech Spending Rise &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; PARIS (Reuters) - Companies will spend more money next year\on information technology and other capital investments\compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest\computer company, IBM Corp, said on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;
Microsoft Looks to Expand Windows at Home Efforts by Microsoft Corp. and the PC industry to expand into to the living room will get a boost next week as they show off technologies that try to balance Hollywood's piracy fears with the appeal of digital media.
'The Sims 2' Draws Users Way In I didn't plan the party right: By the time it was underway, I had to get to work. That's when the breakfast I left on the stove caught fire and the guests fled. No one bothered to call the fire department. When I got home at 6 p.m., my kitchen was a pile of ash.
Shy flower causes stink in Sydney \A plant whose bloom produces an incredible smell has finally flowered in Sydney.
Report on Day Care Death Finds Flaws in System New York's Health Department called its oversight of day care centers a bureaucratic maze riddled with problems that spell potential dangers for children.
Bush, Kerry Set for 'Town Hall' Debate ST. LOUIS - Democratic candidate John Kerry will likely try to shed any appearance of aloofness and President Bush will probably avoid the grimacing that marked their previous face-to-face encounter when they answer questions from undecided voters Friday night...
Blasts at Egypt Resort Kill at Least 27 TABA, Egypt - A string of bombs hit resorts popular with Israelis in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, collapsing a 10-story wing of a luxury hotel and sending thousands of terrified people streaming back into Israel on Friday. At least 27 people were killed, and the death toll appeared likely to rise as rescuers searched through the rubble...
Kenyan Environmentalist Wins Peace Prize OSLO, Norway - Kenyan environmental activist Wangari Maathai won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for her work as leader of the Green Belt Movement, which has sought to empower women, improve the environment and fight corruption in Africa for almost 30 years.    Maathai, Kenya's deputy environment minister, is the first African woman to win the prize, first awarded in 1901...
John Kerry Takes Lead Over Bush in AP Poll Democrat John Kerry has taken a slight lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that found him gaining ground with women, boosting his overall popularity and cutting into the president's advantage on national security.
Kenyan  Wins Nobel Peace Prize Wangari Maathai, the Kenyan firebrand who mobilized the women of Africa in a powerful crusade against deforestation called the "Green Belt Movement," will receive the Nobel Peace Prize for 2004.
Blast at Egyptian Resort Kills at Least 20 A massive explosion tore off the front of a seaside hotel in the Egyptian resort of Taba late Thursday, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 100 in what appeared to be a terrorist attack aimed at Israeli tourists, officials said.
Indonesian Embassy Bomb Wounds at Least 9 A package filled with explosives blew up outside the Indonesian Embassy in Paris on Friday, slightly wounding nine people in the first terror attack in the French capital in years. The motive was not clear.
UPDATE 1-SEC steps up probe of Krispy Kreme US securities regulators have ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , looking at how it repurchased some of its doughnut franchises, the company said on Friday.
Stock market signals positive on GE profit report, job news, oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Early stock market indicators turned positive Friday as oil-price pressure eased, General Electric posted robust earnings and Canada reported employment growth.
Computer Associates intros usage-based pricing Computer Associates (CA) has introduced a usage-based pricing and licensing model for its mainframe management products. The model bases licensing costs on measured system usage rather than total potential 
Manchester United condemn takeover protest Manchester United have condemned the disruption of a reserve team match on Thursday by protestors opposed to the potential takeover of the club by American businessman Malcolm Glazer.
Zidane - enjoying new found freedom (Getty Images) Former France playmaker Zinedine Zidane has been making the most of his new-found freedom since retiring from international football.
Chill deepens for Clemsons year Clemson football coaches spent the off-season down-playing the unexpected departures of Donnell Washington and Derrick Hamilton, a couple of playmakers who bolted to the pros after their junior seasons.
Twins intimidated by Yanks? No way (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Too tired to take batting practice, the bleary-eyed Minnesota Twins milled around the Metrodome just hours after another postseason rally by the New York Yankees evened their American League Division Series at one game each.
Israel accuses al-Qaida of masterminding Sinai blasts Israel said Friday that the chain of blasts targeting Israeli tourists in Egypt #39;s Red Sea resorts which left some 150 people killed or injured bore the hallmarks of al-Qaida terror network.
Access to Tom Ridge or bust Another cyberczar has resigned, and CNET News.com's Charles Cooper wonders why nobody in government seems particularly concerned.
Siemens adds Flash-OFDM to broadband wireless family German engineering and manufacturing giant Siemens AG is adding another broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high-speed wireless systems slated for delivery early next year.
NFL Wrap: Manning Tosses Three TDs as Colts Win (Reuters) Reuters - Peyton Manning threw three touchdown\passes to move closer to the all-time season record as the\Indianapolis Colts routed the visiting Tennessee Titans 51-24\Sunday.
SANS unveils Top 20 security vulnerabilities IT security and research organization The SANS Institute is set to release its annual Top 20 list of Internet security vulnerabilities on Friday, with the intention of offering organizations at least a starting point for addressing critical issues.
Update: AMD's Q3 led by strong Opteron, Athlon 64 sales As expected, Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s (AMD's) third-quarter revenue came in a little under the company's earlier predictions, but strong increases in sales of its 64-bit desktop and server processors led to the company's fourth straight profitable quarter.
Job Growth Weaker Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. businesses added 96,000 jobs to  payrolls in September, the government reported on Friday, a  weaker-than-expected total that was expected to sharpen a  presidential debate later in the day over the economy's  direction.
Oil Near Highs, Nigeria Threat Eases  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held near record highs on  Friday even though oil unions in OPEC member Nigeria said a  two-day wildcat strike would pass without any impact on  exports.
Before the Bell: CMS, Krispy Kreme Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of CMS Energy Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMS.N&lt;/A&gt;  fell before the bell on Friday after it priced a public  offering of 28.5 million shares at \$9.10 per share.
Johnson Controls Sees Revenue, Earns Up    CHICAGO (Reuters) - Auto parts supplier Johnson Controls  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCI.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday that it expects higher sales and  earnings in fiscal 2005, driven by strength in both its  automotive group and controls businesses.
Citigroup Hits Back at Parmalat  MILAN (Reuters) - Citigroup on Friday launched a legal  challenge against Parmalat's restructuring plan, hitting back  after the bankrupt food group took the world's biggest bank to  court and rejected its claims for credit repayment.
Nintendo Unveils Lineup for New DS Handheld By MATT SLAGLE     (AP) -- Madden NFL 2005 and Spider-Man 2 are among the dozen video games Nintendo Co. says it plans to offer for is new DS handheld system within a month of the product's November launch...
Microsoft Looks to Expand Windows Brand at Home Efforts by Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) and the PC industry to expand into to the living room will get a boost next week as they show off technologies that try to balance Hollywood's piracy fears with the appeal of digital media.
Kodak and Sun Microsystems Settle Java Suit By BEN DOBBIN    ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP) -- Eastman Kodak Co...
Chinese Government to Institute Online Ratings Systems By ELAINE KURTENBACH     SHANGHAI, China (AP) -- China plans ratings systems for online games, books and movies to protect children from violence and sexual content in the nation's latest effort to tighten controls on various media, reports said Friday.    The system for censoring online games will be introduced by the end of October and will come ahead of "any similar actions on books and movies," the state-run newspaper Shanghai Daily said, citing officials attending a conference in Shanghai...
Political Spotlight Is on Jobs Report U.S. employers probably increased their hiring slightly in September, economists said in advance of jobs figures being released this morning.
General Electric Posts Higher 3rd-Quarter Profit The results matched the consensus estimate of 38 cents per share with health care and transportation among the businesses with a jump in orders.
Crude Oil Retreats From \$53 Threshold Oil retreated in Asian trade today, but players in the market remained edgy about tight supplies heading into North America's winter heating season.
Kings Beat Celtics for 4th Straight Win (AP) AP - Peja Stojakovic had 27 points, including six 3-pointers, to help the Sacramento Kings win their fourth straight game, 119-105 over the Boston Celtics Sunday night.
Krispy Kreme Says S.E.C. Steps Up Its Probe Krispy Kreme Doughnuts today said it has been informed by the S.E.C. that the agency's investigation of the company has become a formal probe.
EU blasts US pullout from air subsidy deal BRUSSELS (AFP) - The European Commission condemned Friday a unilateral US decision to terminate a 1992 accord on trans-Atlantic air subsidies, saying the move was invalid and therefore the deal remained in force.
AT amp;T to cut about 7,000 jobs ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. AT amp;T will cut about 7,000 jobs and reduce the value of its assets by \$11.
Krispy Kreme SEC probe widens Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. said Friday it has been informed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that the agency #39;s investigation of the company has become a formal probe.
Standard Chartered wins bid for Permata Standard Chartered has won a controlling stake in Indonesia #39;s seventh-largest bank with a bid of \$305 million (170 million pounds), gaining 
Sun and Kodak settle Java case Sun Microsystems has entered into a formal agreement with the Eastman Kodak Company to settle all claims in pending litigation regarding a software architecture based on the Java computer language.
Europe cracks down on downloaders THE international record industry has escalated its fight against music piracy, announcing it will file hundreds of lawsuits across Europe against individuals and groups accused of illegally sharing music via the internet.
Mars Rovers Probing Water History At Two Sites NASA #39;s Spirit and Opportunity have been exploring Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled. The more they look, the more evidence of past liquid water on Mars these robots discover.
Hewitt into Japan Open semis World number three Lleyton Hewitt has booked his place in the semi-final of the Japan Open with a straight sets win over Frenchman Cyril Saulnier.
Midland #39; team to race in 2006 - official  #39;Midland F1 #39; will put two Dallara-built cars on the Formula One grid in 2006, it was announced on Friday. Official website F1.
Rossi on provisional front row auloises Fortuna Yamaha rider Valentino Rossi rode his Yamaha YZR-M1 to third place in today #39;s provisional qualifying order at Sepang.
Vogts backs depleted side Scotland manager Berti Vogts believes he will still be able to field a strong team against Norway, despite a series of call-offs due to injury or illness.
Cambodia #39;s king abdicates as new political crisis looms Cambodia #39;s King Norodom Sihanouk announced his abdication while in self-imposed exile in Beijing, plunging the country Thursday into renewed political turmoil.
Payrolls Grow, But Miss Target (CBS/AP) The Labor Department said Friday that employers #39; payrolls increased by 96,000 overall in September while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.4 percent.
4,500 to be let go nationwide Bank of America Corp. has said it #39;s bringing more jobs to the New York area. But first, some existing employees apparently will be tossed overboard.
GE 3rd-Quarter Net Rises as Immelt Spurs Sales Growth (Update2) General Electric Co., the world #39;s largest company by market value, said third-quarter profit rose 11 percent as acquisitions and economic growth spurred the biggest quarterly sales increase in four years.
Word open to exploit An unpatched security vulnerability in popular older versions of Microsoft Word poses a severe threat to users, security reporting firm Secunia warned yesterday.
WOODGATE INJURY WOE FOR REAL Real Madrid #39;s doctor Alfonso del Corral claims he warned the club they were taking a risk in signing Jonathan Woodgate and has not ruled out the possibility of an operation to cure the defender #39;s long-standing thigh problem.
Tamada lays Malay marker Makoto Tamada beat Sete Gibernau and and Valentino Rossi to provisional pole for Sunday #39;s Malaysian Grand Prix. The Japanese star, who won the Rio GP in July and the Japan GP last month, clocked two minutes 2.394 seconds on his Honda at Sepang on Friday.
FA to launch EPO test The Football Association is to introduce a test for the banned drug erthropoietin (EPO) in response to drug claims by Arsenal #39;s Arsene Wenger.
UK Seeking to Corroborate Reports of Hostage Bigley #39;s Death UK government officials said they were seeking to corroborate reports by Abu Dhabi television that British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed.
PM downplays Weisglass remarks on road map freeze Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s office insisted Thursday that the diplomatic furor caused by senior adviser Dov Weisglass #39;s comments, that the disengagement plan was designed to freeze the road map peace process, is over.
Dell to Recall 990,000 Laptop Power Adapters--CPSC (Reuters) Reuters - Dell Inc.  will recall about\990,000 power adapters for some of its laptop computer models\because of a risk of overheating which could lead to a fire or\electrical shock, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission\said on Friday.
September Job Growth Weaker Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. businesses added 96,000 jobs to  payrolls in September, the government reported on Friday, a  weaker-than-expected total that was expected to sharpen a  presidential debate later in the day over the economy's  direction.
Krispy Kreme Stock Tumbles Amid Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt;, looking at its franchise repurchases, the company said  on Friday, triggering a slide of nearly 12 percent in its stock  before the bell.
Martha Stewart Reports to Prison  ALDERSON, W.Va. (Reuters) - Trendsetter Martha Stewart  reported to a minimum-security prison known as "Camp Cupcake"  on Friday to serve a five-month sentence for a suspicious sale  of stock, U.S. prison officials said.
Stocks Set to Open Lower After Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open lower on  Friday after a government report showed weaker-than-expected  job growth in September.
US jobs growth slows in September The US created 96,000 jobs in September, a slowdown from the previous month, in the last major figures before November's election.
Martha Stewart starts prison term US lifestyle guru Martha Stewart begins a five-month prison term for lying about her investments.
Dell to Recall 990,000 Laptop Power Adapters--CPSC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; will recall about  990,000 power adapters for some of its laptop computer models  because of a risk of overheating which could lead to a fire or  electrical shock, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission  said on Friday.
Thousands Rush Home After Egypt Bombings (AP) AP - Thousands of frightened Israeli tourists rushed back home Friday from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula after car bombs ripped through two Egyptian beach resorts crowded with Israeli visitors.
British, US officials meet on flu vaccine  LONDON -- Stunned US health officials met with British regulators yesterday to discuss the suspension of flu vaccine production that has slashed supplies across the United States and planned to inspect the British factory to see whether any impounded vaccine could be salvaged.
Oil sways amid labor strife, attacks Crude near \$53 a barrel level as Nigeria and Norway set strikes, bombings in Egypt, Paris. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices see-sawed Friday, getting closer to the \$53 a barrel level, as labor strife in Nigeria 
UPDATE 2-Citigroup hits back at Parmalat with court move Citigroup (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday launched a legal challenge against Parmalat #39;s restructuring plan, hitting back after the bankrupt food group 
UPDATE: Singapore ST Engineering 3Q Net 17 To S\$102.1M SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd. (S63.SG) reported a 17 rise in third-quarter net profit Friday because of stronger earnings from its ship-repair and shipbuilding activities.
Take part in the Great NME Downloading Debate The BRITISH PHONOGRAPHIC INDUSTRY (BPI) announced yesterday (October 7) that they are taking legal action against 28 UK file sharers, kicking off a rolling programme of legal action against  quot;major uploaders quot; - and NME wants to know what you think about 
Martha Stewart Reports to Prison in W. Va. ALDERSON, W.Va. - Martha Stewart reported to prison early Friday to begin serving a five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale, the federal Bureau of Prisons said...
Japanese F1 Grand Prix qualifying postponed by typhoon Typhoon  quot;Ma-on quot; has forced the qualifying for Sunday #39;s Japanese Formula One Grand Prix to be rescheduled, F1 officials said Friday.
FA to test for EPO The Football Association announced today they will introduce a test for the banned drug erythropoietin (EPO)  #39;in the near future #39;.
Frazar among leaders at Michelin tourney Harrison Frazar (above) shot a bogey-free 64 to take his place among a crowded group at the top of the leader board with an 8 under at the PGA Michelin Championship in Las Vegas.
British Hostage Beheaded in Iraq, Insurgents Say British hostage Ken Bigley was beheaded near Baghdad on Thursday afternoon, insurgent sources in the rebel-held town of Falluja said on Friday.
Artist Barney Looks to Brazilian Gods in New Film &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Fernanda Ezabella&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Matthew Barney haschoreographed dancing girls, filmed a demolition derby insidethe Chrysler Building and dressed up like Harry Houdini all inthe name of art.&lt;/p&gt;
Sharapova Eases Through to Second Consecutive Final  TOKYO (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  reached her second consecutive final with a 6-2, 6-3 victory  over Thailand's Tamarine Tanasugarn at the Japan Open Friday.
AT T, Covad close in on WiMax Both companies plan to start offering the super-speedy, cost-effective wireless technology as soon as possible.
Suzuka : Saturday cancelled! Typhoon Ma-on is due to hit Suzuka in the next few hours and the race organisers have decided to cancel Saturdays two free practice sessions and qualifying as a result. What a weekend
Microsoft, Sun, Intel push IT management via Web services Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Thursday are publishing a specification to leverage Web services for managing a broad range of IT systems including PCs and devices on a network.
Dell recalls laptop power supplies Dell Inc. is recalling some of the one million electrical adapters manufactured in China by Delta Electronics Inc. of Taipei and sold for use with Dell notebook computers, following seven reports of the adapters overheating. The adapters pose a risk of fire or electrical shock, according to Dell.
September Job Growth Weaker Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. businesses added 96,000 jobs to\payrolls in September, the government reported on Friday, a\weaker-than-expected total that was expected to sharpen a\presidential debate later in the day over the economy's\direction.
Martha Stewart Reports to Prison (Reuters) Reuters - Trendsetter Martha Stewart\reported to a minimum-security prison known as "Camp Cupcake"\on Friday to serve a five-month sentence for a suspicious sale\of stock, U.S. prison officials said.
U.S. Stocks Open Lower After Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell at the market open on  Friday after a government report showed weaker-than-expected  job growth in September, a sign the  economy may not be as  strong as Wall Street had estimated.
J J: Cancer Risk in Arthritis Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson will send a letter  to doctors next Monday warning them that patients taking its  rheumatoid arthritis drug Remicade may have a higher risk of  lymphoma, a blood cancer, than those not taking the drug, the  company said on Friday.
Getting Into Google Book Search - Google Print Getting Into Google Book Search - Google Print\\Google Print, Google Print, Argh Argh Argh! Since I got back from Web Search University I have been buried in sites and resources to review. I despair of catching up. And they keep piling on, as evidenced by the launch of Google Print. ...
GMail Notifier Enhanced GMail Notifier Enhanced\\Google enhanced their GMail Notifier client some days back. Unfortunately, the client did not auto-upgrade as I had originally expected it to. So, I installed the new version manually. It is a minor update with few feature enhancements, thus a minor update in the version number with no ...
Martha Stewart Reports to Prison to Begin Sentence Trendsetter Martha Stewart reported to a minimum-security prison known as  quot;Camp Cupcake quot; on Friday to serve a five-month sentence for a suspicious sale of stock, US prison officials said.
EU Says US Can #39;t Cancel Pact on Boeing, Airbus Aid (Update2) The European Union rejected the unilateral termination #39; #39; by the US of a 1992 accord that sets limits on government subsidies for Boeing Co.
Oracle again extends PeopleSoft offer Oracle has again extended its \$7.7 billion cash offer for PeopleSoft by two weeks. Shareholders now have until Oct. 22 to tender their shares, Oracle said Thursday.
UPDATE 2-INSTANT VIEW-Stocks-US September job growth lags The following are comments from stock market analysts and strategists about the US Labor Department #39;s report that US nonfarm payrolls expanded by a less-than-expected 96,000 in September.
Getting Into Google Book Search - Google Print Google Print, Google Print, Argh Argh Argh! Since I got back from Web Search University I have been buried in sites and resources to review.
House passes second spyware bill The US House of Representatives passed a second spyware bill on Thursday adding more teeth to a previously passed spyware bill that included fines for offenders.
Hostage timetable Thursday, Sept 16: Kenneth Bigley and two Americans - Jack Hensley and Eugene Armstrong - are seized by militants in a dawn raid in the wealthy Al-Mansour district of Baghdad.
9 hurt in blast at Indonesian Embassy PARIS -- An explosion struck the Indonesian Embassy in Paris today, slightly injuring nine people, a French radio station reported.
Dell to Recall 990,000 Laptop Power Adapters Dell Inc. will recall about 990,000 power adapters for some of its laptop computer models because of a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Friday.
Unemployment rate dropped slightly last month to 7.1 per cent &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - The economy created another 43,000 jobs last month, pushing the unemployment rate down to 7.1 per cent from 7.2 per cent in August, Statistics Canada said Friday.
Sun, Kodak settle Java lawsuit Sun Microsystems Inc. has agreed to pay US\$92 million to settle a software patent lawsuit brought against it by Eastman Kodak Co., Sun announced Thursday.
UK Music Industry Sues 28 Song-Swappers The British music industry is to sue 28 internet users it says are illegally swapping music online. The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) says it is targeting  quot;major uploaders quot; - those who make music available to share free with others.
Rumors of Next Generation of Ipods xyankee writes  quot;Apple is on the verge of releasing a 60GB iPod that will not only hold a ton of music, but also sport photo-viewing capabilities!
Sven Ponders Three-Pronged Attack Sven-Goran Eriksson today admitted he is considering deploying a three-man attack against Wales in tomorrows World Cup qualifier.
MOTOGP NEWS Moody Blues: Rossi, Gibernau and Formula One. In the latest of his exclusive columns for Crash.net, renowned Eurosport MotoGP commentator Toby Moody provides the latest behind the scenes news from Sepang, analyses the Valentino Rossi/Sete Gibernau championship battle and ponders just how committed 
Kenyan Nobel Prize winner pledges to continue planting  quot;seeds of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kenya #39;s environmentalist Wangari Maathai said Friday that she feels  quot;very excited quot; to win the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize and pledges to continue to plant the seeds of peace with her fellow Kenyans.
J J: Arthritis Drug Has Blood Cancer Risk (Reuters) Reuters - Johnson   Johnson  is warning\doctors that patients taking its rheumatoid arthritis drug\Remicade may have a higher risk of lymphoma, a blood cancer,\the company said on Friday.
Follow-on shy Aussies lead India by 355 runs (AFP) AFP - Hosts India braced themselves for a harrowing chase on a wearing wicket in the first Test after Australia declined to enforce the follow-on here.
Wholesale Inventories Up 0.9 Pct in Aug  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Inventories at U.S. wholesalers rose  0.9 percent in August, in line with expectations, as stocks of  autos, metals and computer equipment swelled, a government  report showed on Friday.
Oil Holds Near \$53 High  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held near record highs on  Friday even though oil unions in OPEC member Nigeria said a  two-day wildcat strike would pass without any impact on  exports.
SEC Opens Krispy Kreme Investigation The Securities and Exchange Commission has opened an investigation into Krispy Kreme, the company announced Friday.
Yukos escapes oil licence recall The Russian government delays a decision on whether to revoke Yukos' Siberian oil licences by three months.
The Fool's Look Ahead Forget the bulls. Ignore the bears. The week ahead was made for wolves, hogs, and forgetful elephants.
You Can Buy a Seat, but Can You Fit in It? Unlike major movie chains, many Broadway theaters have lagged behind (pun intended) when it comes to the most basic of audience amenities: their seats.
Focus! Focus! Focus! Diversification is usually a road to mediocrity for small companies. The truly great ones stay focused.
Martha Stewart Reports to Prison in W.Va. ALDERSON, W.Va. - Martha Stewart reported to prison early Friday to begin serving a five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale, the federal Bureau of Prisons said...
Economy, Terror Frame Bush-Kerry Debate ST. LOUIS - A lackluster unemployment report, troubling terrorism developments and fresh questions about President Bush's rationale for invading Iraq frame the second face-to-face encounter Friday night between Bush and John Kerry...
Ellis hopes for strong finish to 2004 A year ago, Danny Ellis was preparing for a trip to the PGA TOUR qualifying school. He played well there, too, finishing second, but his 2004 season on TOUR hasnt been as prosperous as he would like.
Germany #39;s Greens applauds Nobel choice BERLIN - The German government, in which pro-environment Greens share power, applauded the choice Friday of Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai as this year #39;s Nobel Peace Prize winner.
Dell to Recall 990,000 Laptop Power Adapters  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Dell Inc. will recall about 990,000  power adapters for some of its laptop computer models because  of a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or  electrical shock, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission  said on Friday.
Google Books It to the Finish Line Google is already viewed by many as the king of search engines, but the newly public company is continuing to launch new services like "Google Print" to keep its crown safe from close competitors. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Anniversary launch for 'nanosats' \Fifty mini-satellites are to be sent into space in 2007 to celebrate the launch of the first ever satellite Sputnik 1.
SEC lauches formal probe of Krispy Kreme RALEIGH, NC - Krispy Kreme said Friday that US stock market regulators have launched a formal investigation into the company, bumping up the status of what was originally an informal probe.
UPDATE 1-US rate futures jump on ideas of Fed pause in  #39;05 Short-term interest rate futures jumped on Friday after US jobs growth for September was reported below expectations, suggesting the Federal Reserve could slow down its program of rate increases.
AMERICAN MOSAIC And a report about why the next place for travelers could be out of this world. How would you like to take a rocket ship into space?
8cm Blu-Ray Discs Planned Sony and other technology companies working to launch the next generation of DVD format, Blu-ray Disc, are planning to develop a smaller (8cm) version of the disc, Sony have said.
Honeywell suing 34 electronic companies for alleged patent &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Honeywell, with Valley-based aerospace operations, has filed a patent lawsuit against 34 electronics companies claiming infringement of its technology that increases the brightness of images and reduces certain interference effects on a liquid crystal 
New F1 team targets 2006 entry A group calling itself the Midland Group has joined forces with chassis maker Dallara to become the first new team to enter the sport since Toyota began competing in 2002.
Aussies on top but India show fight Australia is in a commanding position at stumps on day three of the first cricket Test against India in Bangalore, despite a late fightback from the home side.
Belgian trio hit with bans The Belgian cycling federation for doping has banned Johan Museeuw, Chris Peers and Jo Planckaert for four years. None of the three failed a test but all have been implicated in the trafficking ring run by vet Jose Landuyt.
British hostage killed in Iraq: TV The British hostage held in Iraq by a militant group led by al-Qaida ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed Friday, pan-Arab Abu Dhabi TV reported.
Kenya #39;s Wangari Maathai wins 2004 Nobel Peace Prize: World News: Oslo, Oct 8 : Kenya #39;s environmentalist Wangari Maathai has won the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize  quot;for her contribution to sustainable development, democracy and peace, quot; the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced Friday.
Indonesian embassy blast TEN people were injured yesterday when a bomb exploded outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris. Most of the victims, who included four embassy staff, were hit by flying glass.
UN: Africa Condemned to Major Polio Epidemic A major polio epidemic in West and Central Africa is inevitable in coming months, but the disease could be eradicated worldwide next year by mass immunizations, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Friday.
EU, US launch battle at WTO over Boeing, Airbus ISN SECURITY WATCH (08/10/04) - The fierce competition between aerospace giants Airbus and Boeing is heating up, as the US and EU take their complaints to the World Trade Organization (WTO), protesting against what they call unfair subsidies for the two 
AMD posts profit over loss in Q3 Reported profit of \$44 million for third quarter over a loss of \$31 million a year ago and predicts 10 increase in sales for the 4th quarter.
Techs, banks weigh on Nikkei TOKYO, Japan -- Tokyo stocks slipped for a second straight day Friday as tech issues such as Fujitsu, NEC and Kyocera lost ground.
Thomson to Sell Media Unit to Investcorp for \$350 Mln (Update1) Thomson Corp., owner of the Westlaw legal-research and First Call financial data services, will sell its media unit, which includes the Bond Buyer and American Banker magazines, for \$350 million to buyout firm Investcorp SA.
Citigroup Sues Italy Over Parmalat Bankruptcy Case (Update3) Citigroup Inc., the biggest creditor of Parmalat Finanziaria SpA, sued Italy for its handling of the foodmaker #39;s bankruptcy, saying the restructuring violated its rights as a lender owed almost 540 million euros (\$665 million).
General Electric earnings up 11 General Electric is posting quarterly earnings in line with Wall Street expectations. The diversified manufacturer and financial services company says revenue rose 15 percent on higher 
AT amp;T to cut 7,400 more jobs, take US\$11.4B writedown AT amp;T Corp., the former monopoly that once dominated the US phone market, said Thursday it will cut another 20 per cent of its workforce and suffer an asset writedown of US\$11.
Dell to recall 990,000 laptop adapters Has recalled the power adapters due to a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock. WASHINGTON: Dell Inc.
Space Travel for the Rich Even before Burt Rutans SpaceShipOne soared on her second flight in six days to win the Ansari X Prize, the flamboyant British entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson, owner of Virgin Atlantic Airline, decided that he had seen an opportunity to make even more 
House approves anti-spyware bill The US House of Representatives yesterday unanimously passed a bill that would make using spyware to snoop of the online activities of consumers a criminal offence.
After .jpeg it #39;s .doc Security advisory service Secunia said that it has discovered a highly critical vulnerability in Microsoft Word 2000 and 2002 that can be exploited to cause a denial of service attack and compromise a user #39;s system.
Apple colour-screen  #39;PhotoPod #39; said to be in production The iPod looks set to make a further step into PDA territory if claims that Apple is preparing a 60GB model equipped with a 2in colour display and iPhoto synchronisation prove correct.
Adventurers prepay for journey into space Thrill seekers are paying 100,000 to ride rockets that haven #39;t even been built yet, and new airline Virgin Galactic promises to be up and soaring in the next three years.
Siemens adopts Flarion #39;s Flash-OFDM technology MANHASSET, NY Siemens Communications said Friday (Oct. 8) it will develop wireless broadband products using Flash-OFDM technology from Flarion Technologies.
Farina aware draw would be disastrous Socceroo goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer poses in front of a set of makeshift goal posts in the Solomon Islands. Photo: Tim Clayton. Australian coach Frank Farina last night admitted anything 
Man U condemns fan protest against Glazer Manchester United condemned the fans who disrupted a reserve team game to protest a potential takeover of the club by American businessman Malcolm Glazer.
Mauresmo, Slew of Russians Into Quarters at Filderstadt World No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo, looking to defend her shaky perch atop the WTA Rankings, moved into the quarterfinals Thursday at Filderstadt with a tough 7-5, 6-4 win over Swiss Patty  quot;Handshake quot; Schnyder.
They #39;re the 0-2 Guys Dodgers are on the verge of being swept again, and this time it #39;s the bottom of the Cardinal order that does much of the damage.
Cricket: Follow-on shy Aussies lead India by 355 runs BANGALORE, India : Hosts India braced themselves for a harrowing chase on a wearing wicket in the first Test after Australia declined to enforce the follow-on here.
Taliban attacks US military base in Kabul Taliban fighters fired rockets in parts of Afghanistan on Friday, the eve of the first direct presidential election in the country.
US: Termination of EU Aircraft Pact Legal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States was justified in  terminating an aircraft pact with the European Union because  the EU gave Airbus production subsidies that violated the pact,  a U.S. trade official said on Friday.
SEC Makes Krispy Kreme Probe Formal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; franchise buybacks, the company said on Friday,  triggering a sharp drop in its stock.
Alpharma Starts Generic of Pfizer Drug  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A generic version of Pfizer Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; \$3 billion epilepsy treatment Neurontin is set to hit  the U.S. market after Alpharma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALO.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it  will sell the cheaper version.
Poll: Voters Like Schwarzenegger As Gov. (AP) AP - California voters love their governor but do not want to see Arnold Schwarzenegger as president and do not like the idea of amending the U.S. Constitution to let him run.
Loss of Georgia Seat for Democrats Could Cost Senate (Reuters) Reuters - Democrats' hopes of retaining a Senate\seat in Georgia are fading fast and such a loss could deal a\fatal blow to the party's chances of regaining control of the\Senate.
At Least 26 Die as Egypt Resort Bombs Hit Israelis  TABA, Egypt (Reuters) - Bombs killed at least 26 people in  Egyptian Red Sea resorts packed with Israeli tourists, sending  thousands fleeing home across the border. Israel said it  suspected al Qaeda was behind the attacks.
BA's fuel surcharge to increase British Airways is to raise its fuel surcharge as a result of the continuing increase in the price of oil.
U.S. Base Attacked, Truck Bomb Found Before Afghan Vote  KABUL (Reuters) - Taliban insurgents fired rockets in parts  of Afghanistan and a huge truck bomb was intercepted on the eve  of the first presidential election in the rugged, war-torn  land, underlining the risk of sabotage by Islamic radicals.
Strong Quake Reported in Philippines - U.S. Agency  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A strong earthquake of magnitude 6.6  hit Manila in the Philippines overnight, the U.S. Geological  Survey's earthquake center in Golden, Colorado reported on  Friday.
Shares on the march as oil price cloud lifts A peace deal between rebel gangs in Nigeria helped drag the price of a barrel of oil back below \$50 in New York yesterday, giving a boost to the equity markets and pushing 
Intel Seen Limiting AMD #39;s Upside Credit Suisse First Boston maintained a  quot;neutral quot; rating on Advanced Micro Devices (nyse: AMD - news - people ), saying third-quarter earnings fell below expectations but that fourth-quarter outlook appears surprisingly healthy.
US jobs growth weaker than expected US businesses added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in September, the government has reported, a weaker-than-expected total that is expected to sharpen a presidential debate later in the day over the economy #39;s direction.
GE earnings up 11 percent in third quarter STAMFORD, Conn. -- General Electric Co. #39;s third-quarter earnings rose 11 percent and revenue jumped 15 percent as orders rose sharply, the company said Friday.
AT amp;T boosts 2004 job cuts to 20 percent AT amp;T Corp. will cut more than 20 percent of its workforce this year, ratcheting up its planned layoffs from a previously estimated target of 8 percent, the long-distance telecommunications carrier announced Thursday.
Millions of Dell power adapters recalled About 4.4 million AC adapters sold worldwide with Dell notebooks between September 1998 and February 2002 were recalled Friday. Dell sold the adapters with its Latitude, Inspiron and Precision series of computers, as well as separately.
Ansari X Prize In 1927 the Spirit of St. Louis carried Charles Lindburgh from New York to Paris to a \$25,000 prize, and more importantly, into the history books which continue to inspire.
Google SMS launched Google has developed Google SMS, a beta version of a service that is to enable users of mobile phones and other handheld devices to use its online search engine.
Schwarzer tips tough test in qualifiers Socceroo goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer says fans should not expect Australia to rout the Solomon Islands in Saturday #39;s first leg of the Confederations Cup qualifiers.
Jackson finds emotional rescue on court LAUREN JACKSON will start her quest for a first WNBA title in the United States this morning (AEST) with a heavy heart after saying farewell to her  quot;precious nan quot; 10 days ago from Seattle.
Nobel prize winner has ties to Geneva A Kenyan environmental activist whose children graduated from Hobart and William Smith Colleges was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in Norway today.
Election will resonate beyond Australia The world is watching closely the outcome of an election campaign that has mostly dealt with bread-and-butter domestic issues, writes Tony Parkinson.
Myanmar Casts Shadow Over Asia-Europe Summit Leaders of an Asia-Europe grouping urged new member Myanmar on Friday to improve its rights record and pursue democratic reforms but a final statement is unlikely to call 
The Israeli Invasion of North Gaza On Sept. 29th Members of the militant wing of Hamas fired a Qassam rocket across the Gaza border into the Israeli town of Sederot killing two small children.
Musharraf moves to keep army post A bill to let General  Musharraf stay as both Pakistani president and army chief  goes before parliament.
Dracula's descendant sets &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; straight &lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; Transylvania: the spine-tingling truth
Martha Stewart Reports to Prison in W.Va. ALDERSON, W.Va. - Martha Stewart reported to prison before sunrise Friday to begin serving a five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale, slipping all but unnoticed past waiting supporters and reporters...
Oscar Wilde Collection Goes Up for Auction NEW YORK - An auction of important manuscripts, letters and other items belonging to poet and playwright Oscar Wilde goes up for auction this month, the 150th anniversary of the ever-controversial Irish-born writer's birthday.    The 104-item collection, exhibited Thursday at Sotheby's Manhattan location, includes some of the most desirable items from the witty Wilde's holdings...
Google Books It to the Finish Line (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Google is already viewed by many as the king of search engines, but the newly public company is continuing to launch new services to keep its crown safe from competitors.
Dell Recalls Laptop Power Cords (PC World) PC World - Certain adapters may pose a risk of fire or electrical shock.
BenQ Readies IPod Rival (PC World) PC World - Hard-drive based digital audio player will be available by the end of the year.
Millions of Dell power adapters recalled The Taiwan-made AC adapters sold with Dell notebooks can overheat, posing risk of fire and electrical shock.
Strong Quake Reported in Philippines - U.S. Agency (Reuters) Reuters - A strong earthquake of magnitude 6.6\hit Manila in the Philippines overnight, the U.S. Geological\Survey's earthquake center in Golden, Colorado reported on\Friday.
Pakistan parliament backs Musharraf in uniform (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan's pro-military government on Friday tabled a bill in parliament to allow President Pervez Musharraf to stay on as army chief despite his pledge to give up the job by the end of the year.
DataPlay Discs Stage a Comeback Optical storage format had been highly anticipated in 2001, but never made it to market.
Huge Afghan poll attack 'foiled' Afghan forces in the southern city of Kandahar say they have foiled a truck bomb that could  have killed hundreds.
Paisley holds talks key Four decades after he barged onto Northern Ireland #39;s rancorous political stage vowing never to compromise, Protestant cleric Ian Paisley holds the key to striking a new deal to seal peace in the province.
FSA files criminal complaint against UFJ The Financial Services Agency filed a criminal complaint Thursday against UFJ Bank and three former bank executives for interfering in an inspection last autumn.
Investcorp to buy Thomson Media for \$350M NEW YORK -- Investcorp SA, a private investment firm, has inked a \$350 million all-cash deal to buy 54 business publications put on the block by The Thomson Corp.
UPDATE 1-Cenbank credibility helps policy-Fed #39;s Bernanke A plausible public commitment to pursue low inflation coupled with central bank autonomy make monetary policy more effective, Federal Reserve Governor Ben Bernanke said on Friday.
Dell Recalls Laptop Power Cords Dell is recalling some of the one million electrical adapters manufactured in China by Delta Electronics of Taipei and sold for use with Dell notebook computers, following seven reports of the adapters overheating.
One Mars rover plots crater  quot;escape, quot; while twin keeps climbing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES NASA #39;s Mars rovers continue to perform, working three times longer than their designed lives and prompting controllers to give them additional chores.
House Passes Second Anti-Spyware Bill The US House of Representatives unanimously passed a second bill to combat spyware. The Internet Spyware Prevention Act, or I-SPY, would impose a five-year prison term on those found guilty of using spyware to commit a crime.
Canadian Midland Group plans new F1 team Midland Group, a privately-owned international trading and investment organisation, has announced its involvement in Formula One racing, but is not buying the Jaguar team.
Murphy sizzles again as Skaife fizzles GREG MURPHY yesterday emphatically laid his claim for a fourth Bathurst crown, while four-time winner Mark Skaife experienced one of his worst days at the circuit.
Bigley: UK can #39;t confirm London - Reports of the death of Kenneth Bigley, a British national who was taken hostage in Iraq last month,  quot;are not confirmed quot;, a senior British government minister stressed on Friday.
Canadian PM faces crisis over sub fire CANADIAN Prime Minister Paul Martin yesterday headed off a no-confidence vote that could have brought down his Government, but immediately sailed into a new row over a stricken submarine.
Phelps Makes Winning Return at World Championships  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps made a winning  return to the pool at the world short course championships  Thursday, capturing the 200 meters freestyle title and the  first of a possible six gold medals.
News: Word open to exploit An unpatched security vulnerability in popular older versions of Microsoft Word poses a severe threat to users, security reporting firm Secunia warned yesterday.\
Israel, Egypt swap prisoners Sunday #39;s exchange is just one striking example of the post-Arafat thawing of relations between Israel and its Arab neighbors. BY SALAH NASRAWI.
US posts tepid jobs growth in September, potential blow to Bush (AFP) AFP - The United States posted disappointingly weak jobs growth in September, adding firepower to a pre-election Democratic assault on President George W. Bush's record.
GE Profit Rises Despite Hurricane Losses  BOSTON (Reuters) - General Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said its third-quarter earnings inched up 1 percent as strength  across many of its financial and industrial businesses  outweighed hurricane-related insurance losses.
Treasuries Surge, Hope for Fed Rate Pause  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices jumped on Friday  after a soft U.S. jobs report revived speculation the Federal  Reserve may not raise interest rates as far and fast as the  market had feared.
Martha Stewart Reports to Jail to Begin Sentence  ALDERSON, W.Va. (Reuters) - Trendsetter Martha Stewart  arrived at a minimum-security prison known as "Camp Cupcake"  under cover of early morning darkness on Friday to serve a  five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale.
Major Quake Shakes Philippine Capital An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.6 shook Manila on Friday night, sending high rises swaying, knocking out power to some areas and sending frightened residents into the streets. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Bank of America plans to cut 4,500 jobs Bank of America Corp., which operates 25 branches in San Antonio, plans to cut about 2.5 percent, or 4,500 jobs, from its work force.
Stocks Decline on Weak Jobs Growth News Weaker-than-expected jobs growth in September has stocks searching for direction. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 15 points in today #39;s early going.
Univision, Miller toast \$100M ad deal Miller Brewing Co. and Univision Communications Inc. have signed a \$100 million cross-platform advertising and marketing deal. The contract between the US #39;s second-largest brewer and the nation #39;s leading Spanish 
Water coursed through Martian hills The twin rovers on Mars - now reviving having survived the freezing depths of Martian winter - have found new signs that water was once plentiful on Mars.
Gaza children lose in games against real bullets Karam Abu Najib (center, 14) and friends brandishing some of the exploded bottles used in their deadly game with the Israeli military.
North Fork to Sell GreenPoint Credit Commercial bank North Fork Bancorp Inc. said Friday that it agreed to sell manufactured housing finance unit GreenPoint Credit LLC to Green Tree Servicing LLC.
MSN Delays New IM Client Beta MSN has delayed by a week the start of its beta for its MSN Messenger 7 instant-messaging client until some time next week. MSN officials had said the company planned to commence the MSN Messenger 7 beta this 
Howell and Donald bask in Ryder Cup afterglow Europe #39;s Ryder Cup players continued to bask in the glow of their victory over the United States as David Howell and Luke Donald climbed to the top 
Kidd causing more friction in Nets camp EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey - The first week of training camp is not over and the New Jersey Nets best player, Jason Kidd, has sounded off twice.
UK Seeking to Corroborate Reports of Bigley #39;s Death (Update2) UK government officials said they were seeking to corroborate reports by Abu Dhabi television that British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed.
ANALYSIS-Red Sea bombs fit al Qaeda #39;s aims and methods The bombings on Egypt #39;s Red Sea coast appear to bear the hallmarks of al Qaeda or a related group and to fit the agenda of Osama bin Laden #39;s network, security sources and analysts said.
Rockets rain, truck bomb found ahead of Afghan vote (AFP) AFP - Rockets rained on Afghan cities and military posts and a huge truck bomb was seized as the war-weary nation prepared for Saturday's historic presidential elections under the threat of further militant attacks.
Thomson to Sell Media Group for \$350 Mln  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Thomson Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOC.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOC.TO&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it  will sell its media division to investment group Investcorp in  a \$350 million cash deal that will tighten its focus on  electronic publishing.
Giants rookie #39;s kick return for TD lost in storm LANDOVER, Md. Derrick Ward chose a bad day to score his first career touchdown in the NFL. A rookie who was signed by the Giants off the Jets #39; practice squad earlier this year, Ward returned 
Is ATI's Success Doomed? The graphics chipmaker is optimistic about the future, but competitors aren't standing still.
Alpharma Launches Generic Pfizer Drug Drugmaker Alpharma Inc. on Friday said it launched its generic version of Pfizer Inc. #39;s Neurontin for the treatment of epilepsy.
British Airways Hikes Ticket Prices on Oil British Airways announced Friday that it was increasing its fuel surcharge on both short-haul and long-haul flight tickets because of rising oil prices.
Thomson to Sell Media Unit to Investcorp for \$350 Mln (Update3) Thomson Corp., owner of the Westlaw legal-research and First Call financial data services, is selling 54 business publications including the Bond Buyer and American Banker for \$350 million to buyout firm Investcorp SA.
Kodak, Sun Settle Java Patent Dispute Kodak and Sun Microsystems have reached a settlement in their patent dispute over Java technology, with Sun agreeing to fork over \$92 million to settle the suit.
Dell recalls nearly a million defective adapters The US Consumer Product Safety Commission has announced a voluntary recall of 990,000 AC adapters distributed by Round Rock-based Dell Inc.
The Browser Wars Are Back? jpkunst writes  quot;ZDNet UK reports and PCWorld.com report that, according to Netscape founder Marc Andreessen, whose comments came during a discussion with Yahoo Chief Operating Officer Dan Rosensweig at the Web 2.0 Conference in San Francisco on Wednesday 
CEOs  #39;too trusting #39; of outsourcer #39;s security com October 8, 2004, 8:28 AM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Hurricanes hinder spam in September, kinda sorta September #39;s hurricanes Jeanne, Frances, and Ivan pummeld the Florida coast, but they also took a toll on spam during the month, at least according to vendor FrontBridge.
League setup aids Big Ten in BCS With No. 14 Minnesota trying to become the seventh Big Ten member to earn a Bowl Championship Series berth, it #39;s a good time to point out that - in an age of conference expansion - staying small has its advantages.
Chicago Sun-Times Leaves Waterfront Home (AP) AP - It may have brought some luster to the riverfront when it was built a half century ago, but today the Chicago Sun-Times building looks like it belongs there about as much as a barge at a yacht club.
Major 6.4-Magnitude Quake Shakes Manila (AP) AP - An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.4 shook Manila on Friday night, swaying high rises, knocking out power over a wide area and sending frightened residents into the streets. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
US bank profits may rise despite languid quarter Most large US banks appear poised to post higher third-quarter profits, but may struggle to post big gains as sluggish commercial lending and weak stock trading 
House approves corporate tax cuts The US House has approved a \$136 billion corporate tax cut package, but the measure faces hurdles to passage in the Senate. The overall bill is aimed at repealing a corporate 
WRAPUP 2-US September job growth weaker than expected US payrolls grew by just 96,000 workers in September, the government said on Friday in a surprisingly weak report that will sharpen criticism of President 
Alcan Sells Trade Division to Managers Alcan Inc., one of the world #39;s largest aluminum producers, said Friday it agreed to sell assets of its ores and concentrates trading division to Ocean Partners Holdings Ltd.
AMD Shares Slip in Wake of Q3 Report Flash memory remained profitable for AMD, but declined sharply from the previous quarter due to inventory adjustments at cell phone manufacturers.
Dell recalls laptop power supplies OCTOBER 08, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Dell Inc. is recalling about 990,000 electrical adapters manufactured in China by Taipei, Taiwan-based Delta Electronics Inc.
Siemens backs new wireless technology German telecommunications gear maker Siemens is backing a new kind of broadband wireless technology that will compete with Wi-Fi and 3G cellular services.
Ban for rare Asian dolphin trade The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (Cites) has banned sales of a rare Asian dolphin. Environmentalists say the move is necessary to save the Irrawaddy dolphin, whose numbers are thought to be as low as 1,000 in the wild.
IBM #39;s Dream Deferred When IBM started talking about its next generation version of WebSphere Appli-cation Server (code named Vela) late last year, company officials were all hopped up about how the upcoming product was to be the first componentized version of the server.
Missing Link to Life Found? Mount St. Helens #39; recent eruption may be replaying a scene straight from the geochemical drama that led to life on Earth. Besides ash and lava, most volcanoes 
Wayne of Terror Will Threaten Wales - Lampard Frank Lampard is backing Englands three-pronged attack to put the frighteners on Wales in Saturdays World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford.
Klinsmann uses Iran match to test young players Germany #39;s new coach Juergen Klinsmann will seek to extend his unbeaten run to three in a friendly against Iran on Saturday but a smouldering dispute between his goalkeepers has put a damper on his spirits.
Americans closing in on spot in next round A winning streak of two games will propel the United States into the regional finals of World Cup qualifying by Wednesday night. The Americans play at El Salvador on Saturday night in Group A of the North 
Kenya #39;s Maathai Wins Nobel Peace Prize on Environment (Update3) Wangari Maathai of Kenya became the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize for her work to promote democracy, protect the environment and improve social conditions.
Good times make Howard favourite This morning, as Australians prepare to vote in their federal election, John Winston Howard looks increasingly likely to win a fourth term as Prime Minister, eclipsing Labor #39;s Bob Hawke to become 
HP, Microsoft Take Tech on the Road (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - At TechXNY Expo, the duo showcased an RV outfitted with servers, software, VOIP and more. They plan to roll out more trucks and visit 250 cities as part of a new initiative to bring technology to SMBs in remote parts of the country.
Oracle May Lower Its PeopleSoft Bid (AP) AP - Oracle Corp. chief executive Lawrence Ellison said discussions within the company at this point are leaning toward lowering the  #36;21-a-share bid Oracle is offering for rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Feds Poison Prairie Dogs to Save Ferrets (AP) AP - The federal government will begin poisoning prairie dogs in southwestern South Dakota next week after reaching a deal with conservationists designed to protect the endangered black-footed ferret.
New X Prize Sets Sights on Science, Technology and Social Solutions (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The X Prize Foundation and the World Technology Network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation and breakthroughs in a range of scientific arenas.
Solar Eclipse to Start Thursday, End Wednesday! (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A partial solar eclipse will take place next week, oddly ending the day before \  it begins.
Ban for rare Asian dolphin trade The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (Cites) bans all commercial sales of the rare Asian Irrawaddy dolphin.
Draft of cow 'life code' released Scientists release a first draft of the bovine genome - a run through of the genetic code that describes a cow.
Citigroup, Parmalat Brawl Over Billions  MILAN (Reuters) - Citigroup launched a legal challenge  against Parmalat's restructuring plan on Friday, hitting back  after the insolvent food group rejected its claims for credit  repayment and sued the bank for damages.
J J Warns of Blood Cancer Risk in Arthritis Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson is warning doctors  that patients taking its rheumatoid arthritis drug Remicade may  have a higher risk of lymphoma, a blood cancer, the company  said on Friday.
Strong Quake Jolts Manila, No Major Damage Reported  MANILA (Reuters) - A strong earthquake jolted Manila and  other parts of the northern Philippines on Friday night,  prompting many to rush into the streets, but officials said  there were no immediate reports of casualties or major damage.
Bomb Hits Jakarta's Paris Embassy, Motive Unclear  PARIS (Reuters) - A small parcel bomb exploded outside the  Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn on Friday, slightly  injuring 10 people and shattering windows, but officials said  they had no clues to the motive.
Left 'no threat' to Indian business  Indian Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram seeks to allay foreign investor fears over the influence of communist parties on his government.
Olympics: Show jump gold at risk A banned substance is found in the horse of Ireland's Olympic show jumping champion Cian O'Connor.
U.S. Added 96,000 Jobs in September, Fewer Than Expected The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 5.4 percent. The figures are expected to sharpen a presidential debate on domestic policy set for tonight.
Oracle May Lower Its PeopleSoft Bid Lawrence Ellison, Oracle's chief executive, said the company could lower the \$21-a-share bid Oracle is offering for rival PeopleSoft.
Oil Holds Near \$53 High Oil prices held near record highs today even though oil unions in OPEC member Nigeria said a two-day wildcat strike would pass without any impact on exports.
EADS offers to split US tanker deal with Boeing PARIS The parent company of European aircraft maker Airbus has proposed splitting a contested US Air Force contract for refueling tankers with its rival, Chicago-based Boeing.
Stewart Begins Five-Month Prison Sentence ALDERSON, W.Va. - Martha Stewart reported to prison before sunrise Friday to begin serving a five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale, slipping all-but-unnoticed past waiting supporters and reporters...
Brother Confirms British Hostage Is Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, his brother said Friday.   "We can confirm that the family has now received absolute proof that Ken Bigley was executed by his captors," Phil Bigley said in a statement he read on national television in Britain...
Economy, Iraq War Frame Bush-Kerry Debate ST. LOUIS - A lackluster unemployment report and fresh questions about President Bush's rationale for invading Iraq frame the second face-to-face encounter Friday night between Bush and Sen...
Stocks Slide on Lackluster Job Report NEW YORK - Investors pushed stocks lower Friday as a surprisingly lackluster job creation report deepened Wall Street's pessimism over the health of the economy, while a solid earnings report from General Electric Co. minimized losses for blue chips...
Video Said to Show British Hostage Killed BAGHDAD, Iraq - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, a witness who saw the videotaped killing said Friday.    The witness, who asked not to be identified by name, said the tape - sent to Abu Dhabi TV - showed six hooded, armed men standing behind the kneeling Bigley, whom the witness recognized from two previous tapes released by the kidnappers in which he pleaded for his life...
Can Mike Lawrie make Siebel better? No sweat, says the new CEO, who's imported from IBM. He also knows this will be the challenge of a lifetime.
Ellison: PeopleSoft talked merger in 2000 Oracle CEO says rival company raised the idea, but talks foundered over who'd lead the conjoined company. \&lt;br /&gt; Oracle e-mails urged scare tactics 
Dell Adapters a Flaming Hit The computer company recalls nearly a 1 million power adapters that could start fires. Also: Microsoft continues pursuit towards the computer television   hellip;. Nextel   rsquo;s phone is a mapquest in your hand   hellip;. and more.
Expert: Online extortion growing more common "Every online gambling site is paying extortion," says Alan Paller of the SANS Institute.
Siemens backs new wireless technology The company teams up with Flarion, which makes a new kind of wireless technology that competes with Wi-Fi and 3G cellular.
Rovers Still Turning Up Water Evidence Summary - (Oct 8, 2004) Now operating three times longer than originally expected, NASA #39;s Mars Exploration Rovers are still turning up fresh evidence that liquid water once flowed on Mars.
Google Goes Mobile with SMS Google has launched a search service for mobile devices, based on the SMS (short messaging service) protocol. Users can perform searches for phone numbers, dictionary definitions and product 
X Prize sponsors plan other prizes Sponsors of the \$10 million (euro8.13 million) Ansari X Prize, which helped propel a privately built manned rocket into space this week, announced Thursday a plan to offer other prizes to spur innovation in other fields.
Excitement Mounts Over Germany-Iran Soccer Friendly Arriving to a euphoric welcome by thousands of cheering locals in Tehran, Germany #39;s national soccer team takes on Iran Saturday in a friendly that promises much star-packed action.
Blackburn keeper considers retirement from international soccer Brad Friedel could have played his last game for the United States. A veteran of three World Cups, the 33-year-old keeper is not on the current roster and was quoted as saying on 
Talks include trade, security, and diseases control Thirtynine leaders from Asia and Europe yesterday began informal talks on issues on trade, security threats and terrorism, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction 
Pitcairn father  #39;fell in love #39; with 13-year-old One of the principal defendants in the Pitcairn Island sex abuse trials pleaded guilty to three charges yesterday but claimed to have been  quot;in love quot; with a 13-year-old girl with whom he had a long affair.
ASP.Net glitch discovered Microsoft Corp. is investigating a reported vulnerability in its ASP.Net that could allow an attacker to bypass security features on a Web server and view sensitive content, the company said Thursday.
Microsoft opens IP in licensing push Microsoft Corp. is expanding its efforts to move from a "trade secrets" company to one that banks on sharing its intellectual property (IP) and benefits from being seen as a more cooperative and open-industry player.
HP to roll out managed SMB services next year Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) will begin selling managed IT and communications services next year to small and medium-size businesses in three continents, offering Internet access, servers, voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP) and help desk calls at fixed monthly rates, an HP official said.
Find the Web's Worst Security Flaws The SANS Institute identifies the top 20 Internet vulnerabilities of the year.
Nearly 60 percent office computers have been infected by Internet bug (AFP) AFP - Nearly 60 percent of computer networks in Chinese offices, including those in the national defence department and the government, have been hit by Internet viruses or attacks, reported state media.
Oracle Talked of Lowering PeopleSoft Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  Chief\Executive Larry Ellison said on Friday his company has talked\about revising its current  #36;21-per-share offer to buy rival\PeopleSoft Inc. , although it has focused more on\lowering the bid instead of raising it.
National Geographic Updates World Atlas (AP) AP - From lines scratched in ancient dirt to Medieval charts with drawings of monsters in unknown parts of the ocean to modern computer printouts, maps have served a vital role throughout human history. Now, one of the nation's most venerable mapmakers, the National Geographic Society, is updating its massive Atlas of the World.
Dell warns on fire-risk laptops Computer giant Dell is recalling 4.4 million laptop power adapters in response to worries that they could dangerously overheat. 
Taba bombing authors came from Sinai: Israeli army official (AFP) AFP - The authors of the deadly suicide bombings in Taba, Egypt  quot;came from Sinai quot; an Israeli army general said at the Taba border passage between Israel and Egypt.
Mayoral Race Write-In Effort Worries Utah (AP) AP - Election officials are worried that a massive write-in campaign mounted by Republicans in the scandal-ridden Salt Lake County mayoral race could hold up final results in other races around the state.
Dell Recalls Power Adaptors Dell Inc. is recalling about 990,000 AC adapters used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock hazard, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Friday.
'Frog's glue' could mend knees A sticky substance from the skin of frogs could be used to repair human knee joints, scientists believe.
B amp;G Foods Falls Flat in Public Debut B amp;G Foods Holdings Corp. fell flat in its trading debut Thursday, and shares were nearly unchanged from their reduced opening price in Friday afternoon activity as investors mulled mixed results from two other 
Ex-NASA Worker Pleads Innocent of Fake Inspections A fired NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying space shuttle inspection reports pleaded not guilty to 166 criminal charges on Friday and a trial was tentatively set for Dec. 1.
Find the Web #39;s Worst Security Flaws IT security and research organization The SANS Institute is releasing its annual Top 20 list of Internet security vulnerabilities this week, with the intention of offering organizations at least a starting point for addressing critical issues.
Google launches SMS-based information service Google has launched a beta test of a new service that allows mobile users to access its database from their handsets using short message service.
Computer Associates Launches Usage-Based Pricing As the program name suggests, Computer Associates #39; new Measured Workload Pricing bases licensing costs on how much the system is sued rather than on total potential hardware capability.
SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down a key Big 12 showdown The Sooners are difficult to defend because they are so balanced, averaging 242.2 yards rushing and 227.2 yards passing per game. Sixth-year senior quarterback Jason White is like the forgotten Heisman winner 
Canadian MPs urge legal action over Barrow subs CANADIAN prime minister Paul Martin and top navy chiefs are backing Barrow shipyard after pressure mounted for Britain to be sued over the submarine tragedy.
Egypt Blasts Claimed by 3 Different Groups JERUSALEM Oct. 8, 2004 - Three previously unknown groups, including one reportedly linked to al-Qaida, published separate claims of responsibility for the deadly car bombings at two Egyptian resorts crowded with Israeli tourists.
 #39;A wonderful father, husband, brother and son #39; We can confirm that the family has received absolute proof that Ken Bigley was executed by his captors. How we all, as individuals, handle crisis situations will differ from person to person, family member to family member.
Tennis: U.S. Open Semifinalist Johansson Stunned  LYON, France (Reuters) - U.S. Open semi-finalist Joachim  Johansson suffered a surprise defeat by fellow Swede Robin  Soderling at the Lyon Grand Prix Friday.
Swastika on new Philip Roth novel raises storm in Germany (AFP) AFP - International publisher Random House has found itself forced to release a separate cover for US star author Philip Roth's new novel,  quot;The Plot Against America, quot; for the German market due to its use of a Nazi swastika, the company said.
54 dead, million flee homes as rains lash northeast India, Bangladesh (AFP) AFP - At least 54 people have died and more than a million have fled their homes as torrential rains lashed parts of India and Bangladesh, officials said.
EU, U.S. Trade Blows Over Plane Agreement  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and the United  States exchanged blows again on Friday over a transatlantic  aircraft pact, sharpening a trade row and calling into question  funding for the world's top aircraft makers.
Stocks Drop as Drug, Chip Sectors Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Friday, pressured by  declines in the drug and semiconductor sectors and  by  slower-than-expected U.S. jobs growth in September.
Judge dismisses Hollinger case A US judge has dismissed the racketeering case against media tycoon Lord Black brought by Hollinger International.
Google on the March As it moves ahead with a variety of initiatives, investors may want to be cautious about the search specialist.
GE earnings increase, per-share price falls General Electric today reported third-quarter earnings of \$4.051 billion, an increase of 1 percent from the same quarter last year.
MS, Intel Shepherd New Web Services Spec A host of companies led by Microsoft (Quote, Chart) and Intel has revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have a common way to communicate.
Thousands of Dell adapters recalled for risk of fire, shock from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dell Inc. is recalling about 990,000 AC adapters used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock hazard, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission said Friday.
Ex-Nasa inspector accused of lying about Shuttle checks A former Nasa inspector has been accused of lying about inspecting crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery before and after the Columbia disaster that killed seven astronauts and grounded the entire orbiter fleet.
Aussies learn lesson ADAM GILCHRIST has learned from history and has India cornered as Australia took wobbly steps towards a watershed Test win yesterday.
Sell-out crowd will watch No. 1 USC take on No. 7 Cal History looks to repeat itself in the biggest game to date of the Pacific-10 Conference this weekend. Two of the nation #39;s elite programs will square off when co-defending national champion USC (4-0 overall, 1-0 Pac-10) hosts No.
Ohio State's Sullinger Disciplined (AP) AP - Junior guard J.J. Sullinger has been disciplined for being charged with drunken driving but there are no plans to suspend him, Ohio State coach Thad Matta said Friday.
Oracle Talked of Lowering PeopleSoft Bid Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) Chief Executive Larry Ellison said on Friday his company has talked about revising its current \$21-per-share offer to buy rival PeopleSoft Inc.
EU, US Trade Blows Over Plane Agreement The European Union and the United States exchanged blows again on Friday over a transatlantic aircraft pact, sharpening a trade row and calling into question funding for the world #39;s top aircraft makers.
Politicians fight over jobs report WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Just hours away from the second presidential debate Friday night, politicians from both political parties said the September employment report supported their views on the US economy.
UPDATE 1-Fed #39;s No 2 says US doesn #39;t need inflation target The adoption of a specific numerical target for inflation would likely do little to improve monetary policy in the United States and could hurt, Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Roger Ferguson said on Friday.
GE Net Rises General Electric (GE ) posted 38 cents vs. 36 cents third-quarter earnings per share (adjusted) on a 15 rise in total revenue. GE narrowed its 2004 earnings per share guidance to \$1.
DUNHILL LINKS CHAMPS LATEST BETTING ODDS NEWS David Howell further justified his selection by readaBet on the second day of the Dunhill Links Championship and now holds a one-stroke lead after posting a 65 at St.
Treasuries Up as Weak Jobs Ease Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt rallied on Friday  as a weak employment report revived talk the Federal Reserve  might slow the pace of interest rate increases.
Martha Stewart Reports to Prison, Ducking Cameras Martha Stewart beat the news media trailing her every move at their own game today by announcing herself that she had checked into prison in West Virginia.
Lackluster Jobs Report Pushes Stocks Down NEW YORK - Investors pushed stocks lower Friday as a surprisingly lackluster job creation report deepened Wall Street's pessimism over the health of the economy. Blue chips had modest losses despite solid earnings report from General Electric Co...
Brother Confirms British Hostage Is Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, his brother said Friday.   "We can confirm that the family has now received absolute proof that Ken Bigley was executed by his captors," Philip Bigley said in a statement he read on national television in Britain...
Investors consider economic news The Dow Jones industrial average is down 34 points at ten-thousand-91. Gainers on the New York Stock Exchange hold a four-to-three lead over losers.
Krispy Kreme #39;s Sticky Situation NEW YORK - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts announced that the US Securities  amp; Exchange Commission notified it yesterday that it is investigating it, without specifying any further details.
Dell Recalls 4.4 Million Notebook AC Adapters Dell on Friday voluntarily recalled 4.4 million AC adapters for its notebooks after receiving seven reports of the adapters overheating, posing a risk of fire or electrical shock for users.
Rover Finds New Evidence Of Water On Mars LOS ANGELES -- One of NASA #39;s Mars rovers has found a rock that could provide new evidence that water once existed on the red planet.
First Suit Filed Against Internet  #39;Spyware #39; The US government has sued a New Hampshire man in its first attempt to crack down on Internet  quot;spyware quot; that seizes control of a user #39;s computer without permission.
Siemens Signs On With Flarion Flarion Technologies #39; FLASH-OFDM technology has received a vote of confidence from Siemens, thanks to a new licensing deal forged between the two companies that calls for Siemens to begin offering 
Rumor site pictures Photo iPod for holidays Mac sites were abuzz Friday on reports that Apple is readying a color-screen iPod in time for the holidays. According to Mac news and rumor site Think Secret, the 60GB device would be similar to the current 
House passes anti-spyware bill On a unanimous vote the US House of Representatives Thursday approved a bill making many  quot;spyware quot; activities illegal. Spyware can be surreptitiously loaded into a computer via the Internet and extract information 
First Suit Filed Against Internet 'Spyware' (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. government has sued a New\Hampshire man in its first attempt to crack down on Internet\"spyware" that seizes control of a user's computer without\permission.
Ellison inclined to cut PeopleSoft bid LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Oracle #39;s chief executive Larry Ellison on Friday said the company may be inclined to lower its \$7.7 billion hostile offer for PeopleSoft, according to published reports.
Sun, Kodak Move Forward After \$92 Million Settlement  quot;Sun is in this big battle with Microsoft for enterprise commitments, quot; Jonathan Eunice, an analyst with the research firm Illuminata, told the E-Commerce Times.
Judge dismisses \$1.25 billion US lawsuit against Conrad Black CHICAGO - A US federal court judge has thrown out Hollinger International #39;s \$1.25 billion US lawsuit against Conrad Black and other former executives of the company.
Thomson sells publications group for \$350M Thomson Corp. completed its evolution into an electronic purveyor of financial, legal and scientific information today as it sold Thomson Media - the last of its traditional advertising-based publishing businesses -or \$350 million US.
UPDATE 3-Alpharma launches generic of Pfizer #39;s Neurontin Alpharma Inc. (ALO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday began selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc. #39;s (PFE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) \$3 billion a 
Cracked rock points to more martian water A cracked rock called Escher is helping NASA scientists reconstruct the history of water on Mars. They say that the crater currently being explored by the Opportunity rover may have been shaped by a second 
IBM, Unisys work to rejuvenate mainframes IBM has taken several new steps to keep its mainframe server line a vital part of computing, including adding features and an expanding sales and training in China, while Unisys has upgraded its rival products.
Dell Drops 15 GB Dell DJ To US\$149, 20 GB for US\$195 Dell has taken an aggressive pricing strategy in its competition with Apple in the music player space. Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox reported in his 
Nintendo DS to function as a game server Nintendo today held a touch-and-feel event for its forthcoming DS handheld in Tokyo. One of the interesting tidbits revealed by president Satoru Iwata is that not only will it be possible for multiple users 
Feds seize Indymedia servers The FBI yesterday seized a pair of UK servers used by Indymedia, the independent newsgathering collective, after serving a subpoena in the US on Indymedia #39;s hosting firm, Rackspace.
Sports: F-One qualifying postponed SUZUKA, Japan - Qualifying for this weekend #39;s Japanese Grand Prix on the Formula One racing tour is rescheduled because of a typhoon forecast.
Soderling beats compatriot Johansson to advance to semis Robin Soderling of Sweden beat fourth-seeded countryman Joachim Johansson 6-3, 6-4 in a quarterfinal match Friday at the Lyon Open.
Feds go after  #39;Spam King #39; Federal attorneys are trying to shut down an allegedly illicit Internet business operated out of a dance club in Rochester that is deluging computers with unwanted pop-up ads by hijacking their browsers.
Google SMS Google SMS is a new service that enables you to search for certain kinds of information with Google from a mobile phone or handheld device (such as an iPAQ 6315), and returns your search results as text messages.
Nintendo ahead of the game NINTENDO is gearing up to defend its almost complete share of the hand-held games market with 12 new games to be launched along with its latest, dual-screen handheld console, the DS, on December 2. Nintendo 
Indymedia servers in the US and UK confiscated by the FBI US authorities issued a court order on October 7 to Rackspace to physically remove Global Indymedia servers in the US and UK. The agency requesting the seizure was the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Security questions over Sinai attacks Egypt #39;s south-east Sinai peninsula is a sea-and-desert playground drawing hundreds of thousands of tourists every year. The most numerous foreigners are Israelis, and they flock to the Sinai in larger numbers than to any other destination.
Crippled Canadian sub set for safe harbour Montreal - The British-built Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi, crippled since a fire at sea that killed one of its crew, is under tow and is expected in Faslane, Scotland, early next week, Canadian naval commander Tyrone Pile said on Friday.
Palestinian Girl Killed in Gaza Violence Israeli soldiers shot and killed a 10-year-old Palestinian girl and a teenage boy in two separate incidents today during Israels massive offensive into the northern Gaza Strip, witnesses and hospital officials said.
Afghan Security on Alert Ahead of Election KABUL, Afghanistan Oct. 8, 2004 - In advance of Afghanistan #39;s first-ever direct presidential election, Muslim clerics urged Friday worshippers to embrace democracy, election workers scurried to ready voting 
Howard #39;s End? John Howard, Australias three-term prime minister, tomorrow faces what promises to be one of the closest elections in his nations history.
Ex-NASA Worker Charged for Faking Exams (AP) AP - A former NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court, and his attorney called him "meticulous in his work."
First Suit Filed Against Internet 'Spyware'  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government has sued a New  Hampshire man in its first attempt to crack down on Internet  "spyware" that seizes control of a user's computer without  permission.
Crippled Canadian sub under tow, bound for Scotland (AFP) AFP - The British-built Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi, crippled since a fire at sea that killed one of its crew, was under tow, headed for Scotland where it was likely to arrive early next week.
Canada to Woo Asia Beef Markets, Explain New Rules (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian policymakers and industry begin a\week-long Asian blitz on Saturday to woo new buyers for its beef\after mad cow disease crippled its domestic industry, Agriculture\Minister Andy Mitchell said on Friday.
Australian PM, Challenger in Dead Heat (AP) AP - Prime Minister John Howard and his Labor Party challenger were in a virtual dead heat on the eve of parliamentary elections, with Australians focusing on the economy and social programs more than Howard's decision to send troops to Iraq.
Racketeering Suit Dismissed Against Conrad Black A federal judge on Friday dismissed a lawsuit by newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. seeking \$1.25 billion from ex-CEO Conrad Black and other former company executives, but left the door open for key charges to be refiled.
UN Council Adopts New Anti-Terror Resolution  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council voted  unanimously on Friday for a Russian-initiated resolution that  seeks to expand the prosecution and extradition of terrorist  groups and suspects, such as Chechen separatists.
Ex-NASA Worker Charged for Faking Exams By MIKE BRANOM     ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- A former NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court, and his attorney called him "meticulous in his work."    A trial for Billy T...
GE's Diversity Yields Strength The company reports double-digit growth in eight out of 11 business units.
What Can Trump Do for You? Pennies make the difference as the teams sell products on a shopping channel.
AMD: The Little Engine That Might One of these days AMD's going to take a bite out of Intel and not let go.
Armchair Astronomers Revel in Comet's Path NASA -- Catching this week's comet is as easy as flipping the switch on your computer.     As of today, a comet is visible within the live images sent back from a spacecraft stationed one million miles away...
Next Step to the Quantum Computer University of Bonn -- Physicists from the University of Bonn have succeeded in taking a decisive step forward towards processing quantum information with neutral atoms: in the latest issue of the 'Physical Review Letters' vol. 93 (2004) they describe how they managed to set up a quantum register experimentally...
Security Forces on Alert Ahead of Afghan Election More than 100,000 Afghan and foreign security forces were on high alert Friday, the day before the country's first direct presidential election after more than two decades of war.
Web services for your TiVo? Microsoft, Intel and others pitch the technology as a way to manage everything from big corporate servers to consumer electronics.\&lt;br /&gt; Recent TiVo news: Janet Jackson still holds replay title 
Samsung driving forward With its shipments jumping last year, the company is no longer playing the role of bottom-feeder in the disk drive industry.
IBM, Unisys work to rejuvenate mainframes Big Blue adds features, beefs up training efforts in China; rival Unisys debuts new line and pricing plan.
Glitches hit Dell gear, Microsoft software Dell says that millions of notebook power adapters could put users at risk. Also: Office flaw could allow attacks.
FTC takes aim at alleged spyware distributor In a lawsuit, the commission alleges that two companies engaged in unfair acts and practices with their marketing and software.
Rumor site pictures Photo iPod for holidays A Mac news site says iPods with digital cameras built in may be under Christmas trees this year.
Pfizer stock sinks on Neurontin Judge is expected to decline motion to block a generic version of Pfizer #39;s \$3B epilepsy drug. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. shares tumbled Thursday as investors worried a federal judge will refuse the company #39;s 
Dell Recalls Notebook Power Adapters Dell has received seven reports of overheating involving power adapters it distributed. No injuries have been reported. The recalled adapters have the words  quot;DELL quot; and  quot;P/N 9364U, quot; P/N 7832D quot; or  quot;P/N 4983D quot; printed on the back of the unit.
IBM, Unisys work to rejuvenate mainframes com October 8, 2004, 10:52 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Ex-NASA worker in shuttle probe has pleaded not guilty to 166 criminal charges and a trial was tentatively set for December 1. not speak at his arraignment in federal court on Friday, nor as he left the Orlando courthouse.
Google on the March Word leaked out on Wednesday that the Internet search specialist will introduce Google Print, a service that enables users to search excerpts from books.
Mauresmo, Davenport reach semis Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport won in straight sets Friday to reach the Porsche Grand Prix semifinals in another step in their battle for the No.
Johansson falls in Lyon Robin Soderling got the better of fellow Swede Joachim Johansson in the Lyon Grand Prix quarter-finals. Soderling triumphed 6-3 6-4 against Johansson, the fourth seed and US Open semi-finalist.
Jefferson pledges to stay hungry Richard Jefferson promises to still be the first one in and the last one out every practice. This from a guy who has played more basketball than any NBA player over 
Israeli Tourists Targeted in Deadly Egypt Bombings Description: NPR #39;s Noah Adams talks to NPR #39;s Julie McCarthy, reporting from Eilat, Israel on the Israeli-Egyptian border, about bombings at two Egyptian resorts Thursday evening.
Zimbabwe ruling party elects first woman VP Joyce Mujuru, attends the ruling ZANU-PF party annual convention in Harare, Dec. 2. Mujuru, a longtime member of President Robert Mugabe #39;s cabinet and a veteran of the 1970s guerrilla war against white minority 
Hollywood Asks Top U.S. Court to Weigh File Trading (Reuters) Reuters - Movie studios and record labels on\Friday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn a ruling that\Internet "peer to peer" networks cannot be held liable when\their users copy music and movies without permission.
Microsoft Word Hole Could Allow DoS Attacks (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Computer security firm Secunia has reported what it terms a "highly critical" vulnerability in the popular Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) Word desktop computer application. The firm has confirmed the existence of the hole in versions of Word as recent as Word 2000.
Google Goes Mobile with SMS (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Google is experimenting with a new search service for mobile devices based on text messaging, also known as "short messaging service" (SMS), as the company reaches out to the wireless world.
Novell Delivers Latest SuSE Linux (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Novell (Nasdaq: NOVL) is poised to launch the latest version of its SuSE Linux operating system, providing new features designed to appeal to both Linux neophytes and current users of the open-source desktop software.
IBM Revamps WebSphere (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has launched a new version of its WebSphere application server software, adding autonomic troubleshooting capabilities and other new features designed to improve performance in the middleware platform.
Kodak, Sun Settle Java Patent Dispute (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) has agreed to pay Eastman Kodak (NYSE: EK) US #36;92 million to settle\a lawsuit filed by Kodak concerning patent infringement in connection\with Java technologies.
U.S.: Iraqi Forces Gaining Effectiveness (AP) AP - When Iraq's 202nd National Guard Battalion faced insurgents six months ago, it simply, in the words of one American general, "evaporated." Now, the same outfit, tested in recent combat, is being touted as a vital building block of the force the United States says will increasingly replace its own troops on the front lines.
Why Do Fall Leaves Change Color? Fall foliage delights leaf-peeping tourists, but how does the change in color benefit trees? As scientists explain, there is a reason for the season.
U.S. Presidential Debate Trivia: Gaffes, Zingers, More Voters tend to forget most of what is said during U.S. presidential debates, but a few memorable moments endure.
Report: SEC to Sanction 3 Stock Exchanges (AP) AP - Federal regulators are planning to sanction three U.S. stock exchanges for allowing trading firms to cheat investors by allegedly failing to fully enforce their rules, according to a newspaper report Friday.
Taking the Express Train to Venus To celebrate the hardware completion of the next orbiter to Venus, the European team of scientists hope toasting to a toasty planet will broaden astrobiology's view of our neighbor. Because on the surface, Venus is hot enough to melt lead...
Sun Drops the Gloves Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) shareholders have one less headache to medicate thanks to management #39;s wise decision to settle its patent infringement litigation with crusty old Eastman Kodak (NYSE: EK).
Alpharma Sells Generic of Pfizer Drug Alpharma Inc. (ALO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday began selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc. #39;s (PFE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) epilepsy drug Neurontin 
BA, Virgin to up fuel surcharge British Airways and Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Atlantic Airways say they will raise fuel surcharges following similar moves by major European carriers this week as oil prices surged.
Gardocki Feels Steelers-Browns Rivalry (AP) AP - Chris Gardocki found himself flat on his back, the wind knocked out of him and Steelers linebacker Joey Porter hovering above him. His temper rising every second he was on the turf, the Browns' punter got up and flashed an angry gesture toward coach Bill Cowher and the Steelers' bench.
Dell Recalls 990,000 AC Adapters This could be due to Dell #39;s persistance of continually trying to make their products cheaper. Dell has recalled almost 1 million AC adapters that could start a fire.
House Toughens Spyware Penalties For the second time in three days, the US House of Representatives has passed an anti-spyware bill, this time adding criminal penalties to tough civil provisions of legislation passed on Tuesday.
Search And Ye Shall Find. . .IBM? John, TechWeb.com. The search wars rage on. It seems as if every large e-business company thinks that search is the key to building its business to the next level.
Georgia Rules Border Rivalry With Tenn. (AP) AP - This used to be one of those games that Georgia dreaded. Not anymore. The No. 3 Bulldogs lost nine straight to Tennessee before reversing course in 2000. Now, it's Georgia that rules this Southeastern Conference clash, having beaten the 17th-ranked Volunteers four years in a row.
Mauresmo, Davenport in Porsche Semis (AP) AP - Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport won in straight sets Friday to reach the Porsche Grand Prix semifinals in another step in their battle for the No. 1 ranking.
Howell Leads by One at Dunhill Links (AP) AP - England's David Howell capped his round with an eagle Friday to take a one-stroke lead over compatriot and Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald after two rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship. Howell and Donald each shot 7-under 65 on the Old Course. Howell's second successive 65 was capped by an eagle-2 on a 105-yard sand wedge into the 18th hole. Donald was a stroke behind at 13-under 131.
Phelps Ruled Out of 400 Medley with Sore Back  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps pulled out of the  400 meter individual medley at the short course world swimming  championships with a sore back Friday.
Davenport, Myskina Win in Filderstadt  FILDERSTADT, Germany (Reuters) - The top four seeds reached  the semi-finals of the Filderstadt Grand Prix Friday, with only  French Open champion Anastasia Myskina being taken to three  sets.
Irish Gold Medal-Winning Horse Fails Dope Test  DUBLIN (Reuters) - Waterford Crystal, the horse Cian  O'Connor rode to win Ireland's only gold medal at the Athens  Olympics, failed a dope test after the individual show jumping  competition.
Canada condemns Sinai resort bombings (AFP) AFP - Canada condemned the deadly bombings of Egyptian resorts frequented by Israeli tourists, saying the attack was aimed at hurting cooperation between Egypt and Israel.
FDA Rejects AstraZeneca's Exanta  NEW YORK (Reuters) - AstraZeneca Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said U.S. regulators did not approve its anti-clotting  drug Exanta.
Dollar Sinks on Weak Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell against the yen on  Friday in its steepest one-day drop in over a year, pushed down  by unexpectedly weak jobs data and speculation that China may  soon allow the yuan to appreciate against the dollar.
Alpharma Sells Generic of Pfizer Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alpharma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday began  selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt;  epilepsy drug Neurontin without waiting for a court ruling on  Pfizer's request to block the copycat medicine.
J J Says Arthritis Drug May Hike Blood Cancer Risk  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson is warning doctors  that patients taking its rheumatoid arthritis drug Remicade may  have a higher risk of lymphoma, a blood cancer, the company  said on Friday.
VW's Audi Recalls 28,000 A6 Cars  DETROIT (Reuters) - Volkswagen AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VOWG.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VOWG.DE&lt;/A&gt; is recalling  28,363 of its Audi A6 luxury cars after finding that in cold  weather states, the throttle could stick due to ice build-up,  the German automaker said on Friday.
Not Looking Up at Sierra Wireless The PC card company is way off its peak, but the stock appears to be a risk rather than a value.
Dell AC Adapters Recalled on Fire Risk Dell has announced a recall of AC adapters used with laptop computers because they pose a risk of fire and electric shock. In all, Dell #39;s recall covers 2.9 million adapters in the US and 4.4 million 
Europe Spanks File Swappers The hunt for teenage geeks who illegally download music has moved across the pond, blokes. Only this time, the culprits are a wee bit older.
Ex-NASA worker pleads not guilty A former NASA inspector pleaded not guilty this morning to falsifying safety checks on highly critical parts of shuttle Discovery.
AOL prepares its own browser America Online is planning to release its own standalone Web browser based on Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer technology, according to sources familiar with the company #39;s plans.
Bosox try to finish Angels Bronson Arroyo heads to the mound for his first career postseason start, as the Boston Red Sox try to complete a three-game sweep of the Angels and head back to the American League Championship Series for a second straight year.
Dodgers say Bradley won #39;t be disciplined Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be discplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
British hostage in Iraq dead: Report Ken Bigley, a British hostage kidnapped in Baghdad 22 days ago, has been killed, Sky News television reported on Friday, quoting sources in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s office.
Harrington Completes Heavyweight Match Play Field  LONDON (Reuters) - Ireland's Padraig Harrington completes  an impressive 16-man field for next week's World Match Play  Championship, organizers said Friday. The world number eight  joins three other members of Europe's victorious Ryder Cup  team, Lee Westwood, Miguel Angel Jimenez and Thomas Levet, and  captain Bernhard Langer in the 41st Match Play at Wentworth,  England.
Krispy Kreme SEC probe widens NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. said Friday it has been informed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that the agency #39;s investigation of the company has now become a formal probe.
SpaceShipOne Burns Rubber, Laughing GasMore Fun Facts  The spacecraft #39;s test pilots do not wear spacesuits. The craft #39;s space-worthy cockpit is housed within a larger, similarly protective shell.
US could get equestrian gold due to rival #39;s positive test Six weeks after the Athens Olympics, the United States stands to pick up another gold medal -- thanks to an equestrian doping scandal.
Test in twilight, Indians in the shadows Bangalore, October 8: The third days play contained a clear message: India will have to revive those two Kolkata days of three years ago if they wish to stay afloat in the first Test.
Anti-war meeting hears Paul Bigley message About 200 anti-war protesters held a sombre meeting tonight calling for the withdrawal of coalition troops from Iraq. The meeting, which was initially due to feature a live telephone link with Paul Bigley, brother 
WHO Launches Polio Immunization In 23 African Countries The World Health Organization, UNICEF and other partners are launching a large-scale polio immunization campaign in 23 African countries.
US Wants UN Council to Meet at Sudan Peace Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Washington wants the U.N.\Security Council to meet next month at the site of peace talks\in Kenya between rebels in southern Sudan and Khartoum's\government, U.S. Ambassador John Danforth said on Friday.
Chinese Firm to Make Advanced Chips (AP) AP - Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp., a leading Chinese computer chip maker, plans to begin supplying chips using more advanced technology to major clients such as Texas Instruments Inc. beginning next year, the companies said Friday.
Oil Ends Above \$53 on Supply Worries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices hit another record on  Friday, trading as high as \$53.40 a barrel, on supply worries  ahead of a planned oil worker strike in Nigeria and delays in  post-Hurricane Ivan U.S. output recovery efforts.
Fla. Judge Delays Voting Machine Lawsuit (AP) AP - A judge ruled Friday that a lawsuit demanding that Florida's touch-screen voting machines produce a paper record will not be heard until Oct. 18  #151; too late, perhaps, to affect the November presidential election.
AdWatch: Bush Touts Job Creation in TV Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush that begins airing this week:
Paper birds of peace fly to appease Thailand #39;s Muslims MORE than 50 military aircraft dropped 120 million origami birds over southern Thailand yesterday in a gesture of peace towards three largely Muslim provinces where 540 people have died in violent clashes this year.
Militants in Iraq Kill British Hostage  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Al Qaeda-linked militants in Iraq  beheaded a British hostage despite last-ditch secret appeals  from the government in London, Britain said on Friday.
Kenyan Environmentalist Wins Peace Prize IHURURU, Kenya - When Wangari Maathai got word she had won the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, she was campaigning to protect Kenya's forests and distributing food to villagers suffering from drought - the same work she's been doing for decades.    Maathai was in the countryside - just one hill away from her childhood home - when told she had won the \$1.3 million prize, joining a club that includes Nelson Mandela, Kofi Annan and the Dalai Lama...
Bullpen moves could sway Twins-Yanks One thing to remember about the playoffs is that it isn #39;t always the best team that wins, but the team that plays the best in October.
UK Hostage Bigley #39;s Killing Confirmed by His Family (Update1) The family of Kenneth Bigley who was taken hostage in Iraq on Sept. 16 confirmed that the engineer has been killed by his captors.
96,000 jobs added to payrolls last month Employers added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in September, the government announced Friday, a surprisingly weak total in the last report before the Nov. 2 election.
Pfizer: May Make Own Generic of Neurontin Drugmaker Pfizer Inc (PFE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday said it may consider launching its own generic version of epilepsy drug Neurontin after a patent hearing ended on Thursday with no ruling.
Investcorp to buy Thomson Media for \$350M Investcorp SA, a private investment firm, has inked a \$350 million all-cash deal to buy 54 business publications put on the block by The Thomson Corp.
Rumor site pictures Photo iPod for holidays com October 8, 2004, 10:45 AM PT. Mac sites were abuzz Friday on reports that Apple is readying a color-screen iPod in time for the holidays.
SANS Unveils 2004 #39;s Top 20 Internet Vulnerabilities The security research group The SANS Institute on Friday released its annual Top 20 list of the most critical Internet-related vulnerabilities to give organizations a way to prioritize their defensive efforts.
Bush condemns Taba explosions President George W. Bush on Friday condemned the attacks in Egypt that killed at least 28 people and offered help to the Egyptian government as it seeks those responsible.
Militants kill Bigley Al Qaeda-linked militants in Iraq have beheaded a British hostage despite last-ditch secret appeals from the government. A Reuters journalist in Baghdad on Friday saw a video 
Kenyan Environmentalist Wins Peace Prize IHURURU, Kenya Oct. 8, 2004 - When Wangari Maathai got word she had won the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, she was campaigning to protect Kenya #39;s forests and distributing food to villagers suffering from 
Ellison: Oracle considered lowering PeopleSoft bid OCTOBER 08, 2004 (REUTERS) - Oracle Corp. CEO Larry Ellison said today that his company has talked about revising its current \$21-per-share offer to buy rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Chad, US-Malaysian Oil Group Disagree Chad will appoint auditors to investigate oil production by a US-Malaysia consortium after President Idriss Deby #39;s office accused the companies of cheating Africa #39;s newest oil producer out of much-needed foreign currency, an official said Friday.
Action Performance CFO resigns Action Performance Cos. Inc. Friday announced the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer R. David Martin effective immediately.
IBM Adds To Its Blade Servers IBM on Friday expanded its blade-server portfolio with six new systems, new options for attached-disk drives, and improved power management.
Google Launches Mobile Messaging Service Putting some truth the rampant rumors that Google was getting into the instant messaging business, the company has announced the beta test release of Google SMS, the mobile phone equivalent of IM.
Nintendo #39;s handheld strategy proceeds on a dual track Nintendo of America is holding a two-day media briefing this week in downtown Seattle in advance of the Nov. 21 launch of the Nintendo DS, a handheld video game device with two screens.
Canada faces must-win game in Honduras in World Cup soccer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - The numbers do not look good for Canada as it faces a must-win World Cup soccer qualifier in hostile Honduras on Saturday. Canada (0-2-1) has just one point halfway through the semifinal round of qualifying 
Navy launches two formal inquiries FASLANE, Scotland -- The Canadian navy has begun assembling two formal boards of inquiry in Scotland that will look into the deadly fire aboard the HMCS Chicoutimi that killed one submariner, left two others in hospital and crippled the vessel #39;s operating 
Aristide says he part of solution to Haiti #39;s woes Ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide said on Friday he could be part of the solution to strife in the Caribbean nation, convulsed by violence since he was forced into exile in February.
Nigerian workers strike Government and labour union negotiators have failed to reach an agreement on state-controlled fuel prices, setting the stage for a nationwide workers #39; strike in Africa #39;s largest oil producer.
Blogs Abuzz with Gossip in Caustic U.S. Campaign (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. presidential campaign between\George W. Bush and John Kerry has prompted a frenzy of gossip\and conspiracy theories among Internet bloggers, hybrid online\sites that blend news, gossip and opinion.
Sinai resort bombings kill 30, Al-Qaeda-linked group claims responsibility (AFP) AFP - At least 30 people were killed and 120 wounded when car bombs exploded at resorts packed with Israeli holidaymakers on the Red Sea coast of Egypt's Sinai desert in attacks claimed by a group saying it belongs to Al-Qaeda.
Armed Men Attack Afghan Polling Station (AP) AP - Armed men wounded one police officer at a refugee camp polling site in Pakistan, just hours before the Afghan refugees were to vote in their country's presidential election, police said Saturday.
U.S. Job Growth Weaker Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employers hired just 96,000  workers in September, the government said on Friday in a weak  jobs snapshot, the final one ahead of presidential elections  that also fueled speculation about a pause in interest-rate  rises.
GE Third-Quarter Profit Rises 1 Percent  BOSTON (Reuters) - General Electric Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter earnings inched up 1 percent as strength across  many of its financial and industrial businesses outweighed  hurricane-related insurance losses, the company said on Friday.
Alpharma Launches Generic of Neurontin  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alpharma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday began  selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; \$3  billion a year epilepsy drug Neurontin without waiting for a  court ruling on Pfizer's request to block the copycat medicine.
Court Throws Out Hollinger Int'l Lawsuit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. court on Friday dealt a blow to  Hollinger International Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt; efforts to recover \$1.25  billion from ex-chairman Conrad Black and others, dismissing  its racketeering lawsuit against them.
House Approves U.S. Spy Agency Overhall (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives\approved on Friday a Republican overhaul of U.S. spy agencies,\setting the stage for a battle with the Senate over immigration\controls and the powers to be given to a new national\intelligence director.
'Global titans': Expansion in China comes first Dow Jones Indexes finds large firms see Internet technology second only to growth in China when it comes to helping their business.\
U.K. Flu Vaccine Unlikely to Be Cleared WASHINGTON - The Food and Drug Administration is unlikely to clear influenza vaccine made by Chiron Corp. as safe for Americans to use this flu season, Dr...
FTC files suit against Internet spyware firm The U.S. Federal Trade Commission yesterday asked a federal court to shut down a New Hampshire operation, alleging that it disables users' computers to bully them into buying antispyware products.
Ellison: Oracle considered lowering PeopleSoft bid Oracle CEO Larry Ellison, testifying in a Delaware court as part of Oracle's efforts to get PeopleSoft to pull back anti-takeover measures, denied that his company is trying to kill off its smaller software rival.
Q A: Oracle's Jacqueline Woods on licensing, multicore servers Jacqueline Woods, vice president of Oracle's global licensing and pricing strategy, said software licensing fees are the same as they've always been -- even with the recent introduction of multicore processor servers.
Brief: Novell sees delay in shipping Open Enterprise Server Novell said today that its new Open Enterprise Server product will ship in February 2005, about two months later than the company had announced in March.
Study: IT worker confidence drops IT workers in the U.S. aren't happy about the state of the job market, according to a study released this week by New York-based staffing firm Hudson.
Hollinger International Suit Against Black Dismissed (Update5) A federal judge dismissed Hollinger International Inc. #39;s \$1.25 billion racketeering suit accusing former Chief Executive Conrad Black and businesses he controls of looting more than \$380 million from the company.
ASP.Net glitch discovered Microsoft published an advisory for Web site administrators on the ASP.Net vulnerability and provided instructions for mitigating the effects of the hole, which is in a component called the canonicalization routine.
Unisys cuts 1,400 jobs The Blue Bell, Pa.-based company said it will close some of its facilities and reduce its employee head count.
Dell warns on fire-risk laptops Computer giant Dell is to recall 4.4 million laptop power adapters because of a fear they could overheat, creating a risk of fire or electric shock.
Nintendo Aims To Dominate Portable Gaming Nintendo DS will hit the US market in late November with a price tag of \$150, and will have 14 game titles by the end of the year.
HP, Microsoft Take Tech on the Road NEW YORKHewlett-Packard Co. and Microsoft Corp. are taking to the road with a new initiative to bring technology to small and midsize businesses in remote parts of the country.
Oracle again extends PeopleSoft offer Oracle's \$7.7 billion takeover offer for PeopleSoft has been extended several times already and was set to expire today.
Motive for attack unclear A small parcel bomb exploded outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn on Friday, slightly injuring 10 people and shattering windows, but officials said they had no clues to the motive.
Weakening Sadr is easier than it seems On Thursday, in what could be a breakthrough for the interim Iraqi government and the coalition forces, a representative of Moqtada al-Sadr, the 30-something Shiite seminary student, announced 
SANS unveils top 20 security vulnerabilities The SANS Institute today released its annual Top-20 list of Internet security vulnerabilities. The list is compiled from recommendations by leading security researchers and companies around the world.
BEA envisions role of 'application configurator' BEA Systems with its upcoming Diamond application deployment platform envisions an IT person taking on the new role of application configurator in SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
ICANN to set up shop in Africa The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is planning to open an office in Africa to provide support for the establishment of the African Regional Internet Registry and Internet service providers (ISPs) across the continent, according to ICANN officials.
Sun, Eastman Kodak settle high-stakes dispute over Java Sun Microsystems Inc. will pay Eastman Kodak Co. \$92 million to license patents originally filed by Wang Laboratories, a former minicomputer maker in Lowell.
HP Seeks Edge From Channel In Latest SMB Push Hewlett-Packard #39;s new small- and midsize- business initiatives will rely almost completely on the channel for solutions and services, with partners acting as a differentiator against rivals like Dell and IBM, HP executives said at last week #39;s TechXNY show 
NFL suspends Baltimore running back Jamal Lewis for two games The NFL has suspended Baltimore running back Jamal Lewis for two games for using a cellphone to try to set up a drug deal. Lewis pleaded guilty Thursday and will be sentenced to four months 
Captors Execute British Hostage FALLUJAH, Iraq, Oct 8 (MASNET  amp; News Agencies) - Militants executed British hostage Kenneth Bigley, it was announced, bringing a tragic end to a three-week ordeal, while US planes bombed a suspected hideout of another militant blamed for beheading several 
Some Dell AC Adaptors Recalled for Risk (AP) AP - Dell Inc. is recalling about 2.9 million AC adapters nationwide_ 4.4 million worldwide_ used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock hazard, the company and the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Friday.
Court Asked to Settle File-Sharing Dispute (AP) AP - The Supreme Court was asked Friday to hold two Internet file-sharing services responsible for their customers' online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.
Protein 'Kiss of Death' Team Win Chemistry Nobel (Reuters) Reuters - Two Israelis and an American won the\2004 Nobel Prize for Chemistry on Wednesday for helping to\understand how the human body gives the "kiss of death" to\rogue proteins to defend itself from diseases like cancer.
Ivory crackdown agreed in Africa African countries have announced a continent-wide plan to slash ivory trading in their domestic markets.
Two U.S. Embassy Workers Hurt in Bombing (AP) AP - The bombing at the Taba Hilton hotel in Egypt caused slight injuries to two American employees of the U.S. embassy in Israel and their families, the State Department said Friday.
OAS head quits amid graft scandal The chief of the Organisation of American States, accused of corruption in Costa Rica, quits two weeks into the job.
Death plot Briton jailed in US A British mercenary who conspired to buy a fighter jet as part of a plot to kill a Colombian drugs baron is jailed.
Briefly: Blizzard wins online game suit roundup Plus: CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing, expects...Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge...RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux.
NFL Suspends Lewis Two Games for Drug Case (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games by the NFL for violating the league's substance abuse policy. The decision, issued late Friday afternoon by NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue, came one day after Lewis pleaded guilty in Atlanta to using a cell phone to try to set up a drug transaction more than four years ago.
Markets end lower In NEW YORK, the major stock indexes ended one per cent lower on Thursday after crude oil rose to a record \$53 a barrel and drug makers like Pfizer Inc and Merck  amp; Co sank on worry that the government may intensify scrutiny of that sector.
US employment rises 96,000 in September, weaker than expected Employers #39; payrolls grew by just 96,000 in September in a weaker-than-expected government report Friday that provided a final snapshot before Election Day of a lackluster jobs market.
Audi Canada recalling 2,432 vehicles over possible throttle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AJAX, Ont. (CP) - Audi Canada is voluntarily recalling 2,432 of its A6 models in Canada from model years 1998 and 1999 over possible freezing of the throttle at low temperatures.
Red Sox Take 2-1 Game 3 Lead Over Angels (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox took a 2-1 lead over the Anaheim Angels in the third inning of their AL playoff game Friday.
Access to Tom Ridge or bust When Amit Yoran last week became the third cybersecurity chief to leave his post in less than two years, most folks barely noticed.
Jamal Lewis Suspended for Two Games (Reuters) Reuters - Baltimore Ravens running back\Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay and fined\an additional two weeks' salary by the league on Friday for\violating the NFL substance abuse policy.
Jamal Lewis suspended for two games New York, NY (Sports Network) - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay and fined an additional two weeks #39; salary by the league on Friday for violating the NFL substance abuse policy.
Seattle #39;s Suzuki declines to accept top Japan government honour Hitting hero Ichiro Suzuki declined to accept a prestigious award from the Japanese government for a second time. Tokyo wanted to salute Suzuki #39;s achievement for producing the most hits in a season 
Yao excited about Chinese homecoming (AFP) AFP - Chinese star center Yao Ming is excited about making a homecoming with his National Basketball Association(NBA) teammates next week when he and the Houston Rockets play two exhibitions against Sacramento.
Carlos Tosca Interviews With Mets (AP) AP - Former Toronto Blue Jays manager Carlos Tosca interviewed with the Mets on Friday, the first candidate brought in to discuss their managerial opening following the firing of Art Howe.
A Rush to the Polls in Afghanistan The mere fact of tomorrow #39;s presidential elections in Afghanistan is cause for (subdued) celebration. Afghans are headed to the polls in the country #39;s first-ever  quot;democratic quot; election, and early indications 
Strike: First Phase to Last 4 Days The first phase of the nationwide sit-at-home protest against the current increase in the prices of petroleum products will last four days -- Monday to Thursday.
Lewis' Suspension Issued Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis is suspended for two games by the NFL but will be available to face the Redskins Sunday.
Yankees Look Dashing It's still early, but it's not too hard to anticipate a showdown coming between the Yankees and Red Sox in the next round.
Some Dell AC Adaptors Recalled for Safety Problems WASHINGTON (AP) -- Dell Inc. (DELL) is recalling about 2.9 million AC adapters nationwide- 4.4 million worldwide- used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock hazard, the company and the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Friday...
Defense Bill Would Nullify \$23B Boeing Deal Boeing would lose last year's deal to lease and sell aircraft refueling tankers to the Air Force, while a plan to close some bases would go forward under a nearly \$450 billion defense bill moving toward approval in the House.
U.S.: No-Fly List Created With No Rules The U.S. government has no "hard and fast" rules for deciding who gets put on the secret no-fly list of terror suspects barred from boarding airliners, the Transportation Security Administration said in court papers Friday.
Chad being 'cheated of oil dues' Chad says a US-Malaysian consortium is  failing to pay market rates in royalties for oil it extracts.
Israeli Troops Kill 4 Palestinians in Gaza Raid  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed four Palestinians,  including a militant and a 10-year-old girl, in northern Gaza  on Friday, bringing to 83 the Palestinian death toll from a  massive nine-day-old offensive.
Kerney Big Reason for Falcons' 4-0 Start (AP) AP - Patrick Kerney had rather modest expectations when he went off to college.
NHL All-Star Shoots for Place on Greek Bobsled Team  NEW YORK (Reuters) - All-star defenseman Chris Chelios, a  two-time Stanley Cup winner with the Detroit Red Wings, will  train with the U.S. bobsled federation next week in a bid to  compete for Greece at 2006 Turin Olympics.
Spadea Returns from the Brink  LYON, France (Reuters) - Seventh seed Vincent Spadea came  back from the brink to defeat Jurgen Melzer 1-6, 6-1, 7-6 at  the Lyon Grand Prix Friday.
Canadian dollar cracks 80 cents US for the first time in a decade TORONTO (CP) - A roaring jobs market in Canada and disappointing jobs data from the United States helped the Canadian dollar crack 80 cents US in trading Friday for the first time in more than a decade.
AOL prepares its own browser com October 8, 2004, 11:32 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
X Prize group plans new series of contests com October 8, 2004, 2:31 PM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Menard takes first Busch pole for Kansas race Paul Menard won his first NASCAR Busch Series pole, edging Kasey Kahne by two-thirds of a second Friday at Kansas Speedway. Menard took the pole for the Mr.
Terrorists execute British hostage in Iraq A British national who was kidnapped along with two Americans was beheaded, his family said Friday, ending hopes that the family #39;s relentless fight for his release would work.
Nigerian labor union to stage strike as negotiations collapse Negotiations between the Nigeria Labor Congress (NLC) and the government over rising fuel prices collapsed on Friday, forcing the labor to begin its planned strikenext week with the first phase lasting four days.
NATO moves forward with Iraq training mission; appoints US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NATO diplomats approved on Friday a detailed outline of their plan to send around 300 military instructors to Iraq following talks with 
Alpharma, Pfizer Launch Generic Neurontin (Reuters) Reuters - Alpharma Inc.  on Friday began\selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc.'s   #36;3\billion a year epilepsy drug Neurontin without waiting for a\court ruling on Pfizer's request to block the copycat medicine.
September Job Growth Weaker Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employers hired just 96,000  workers in September, the government said on Friday in a weak  jobs snapshot, the final one ahead of presidential elections  that also fueled speculation about a pause in interest-rate  rises.
Bush, Kerry campaigns move quickly to spin jobs report (AFP) AFP - The latest data on the US jobs market sparked a fierce spin effort from the campaigns of President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry to highlight their views on the state of the economy.
Experts Urge Action as U.S. Lines Up for Flu Shots  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned health officials began  investigating what went wrong at a British vaccine plant where  half the U.S. flu shots were made, while Americans jostled for  now-scarce immunizations on Friday.
J J: Arthritis Drug May Hike Cancer Risk  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson is warning doctors  that patients taking its rheumatoid arthritis drug Remicade may  have a higher risk of lymphoma, a blood cancer, the company  said on Friday.
Lackluster Jobs Report Pushes Stocks Down NEW YORK - Deepening pessimism over the economy sent stocks lower Friday as investors registered their disappointment over the government's latest jobs report and oil moved past \$53 per barrel. The major indexes ended the week lower...
French soldier threatens to blow up army explosives depot (Chalons-en-Champagne, France-AP) Dec. 5, 2004 - A French soldier angry about being forced to retire is threatening to blow up an army depot containing 60 tons of explosives.
Snow says not campaigning, pays Ohio 7th visit US Treasury Secretary John Snow paid his seventh visit of the year on Friday to the electoral battleground state of Ohio but said his trip had nothing to do with the the fast-approaching election.
Space racers set sights on orbital frontier It might sound like a space-age case of sour grapes, but Rod and Randa Milliron say they #39;re glad they don #39;t have to think about the \$10 million Ansari X Prize anymore.
Custom Channel Gets Media Center OS Microsoft #39;s Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates will share the stage on Tuesday with nearly 15 system builders in a program to officially launch Microsoft #39;s latest version of its Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 operating system.
Earnhardt Jr. needs strong run at Kansas A: This one is - and that was true even before NASCAR officials told the series #39; most popular potty-mouth to go chomp on 25 points #39; worth of figurative Irish Spring.
Press Review: A Willful Lie? Papers across Europe commented on the Iraq Survey Group #39;s confirmation that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction and discussed Elfriede Jelinek winning the Nobel Prize for Literature.
UN Security Council Adopts Anti-Terrorism Measure The UN Security Council has adopted a Russian-sponsored resolution seeking to strengthen the international effort against terrorists.
Voters Head to the Polls in Australia Election  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australians voted on Saturday in an  election which offered the choice between a conservative  government that unreservedly backs the United States and its  Iraq war and a Labor opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
UN backs anti-terror measures The UN Security Council backs a Russian proposal to speed up the extradition of terrorist suspects.
Topics A, B and C in Run-up to Debate: Jobs, Jobs and Jobs John Kerry will assail President Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.
Red Hat Boosts Enterprise-Class Linux Services When Tim Howes and a group of colleagues created the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol almost 15 years ago, he had no idea this quiet little front end to the more robust X.500 directory 
Music Industry To Sue  #39;Major File-Sharers #39; British record companies trade association the BPI (British Phonographic Industry) has announced it is to begin a rolling programme of legal action against  #39;major filesharers #39; who illegally make copyright music available to millions of people across the 
Leading Vendors Back Competing Systems-Management Specifications The WS-Management spec is part of the effort to improve Sun-Microsoft system interoperability. But IBM is taking a different road.
Equestrianism: O #39;Connor could lose gold after mount tests positive The news that Ireland #39;s Cian O #39;Connor could lose his Olympic gold medal after a positive dope test on his mount, Waterford Crystal, has shaken the show jumping world.
FA to test for EPO after Wenger #39;s drug fears LONDON - The Football Association announced yesterday that it will introduce a test for the banned drug erythropoietin (EPO)  #39;in the near future #39;.
Here come the Russians ... SUZUKA (Japan) - First football #39;s English Premiership, then women #39;s tennis. Now, the Russians are set to make their mark in Formula One.
McDowell tames Old Course in 10-under 62 ST ANDREWS (Scotland) - Graeme McDowell, taking a page out of Tiger Woods #39; book, eclipsed the world Nos 1 and 2 plus a host of celebrities, by destroying St Andrews #39; Old Course with a record-equalling 10-under 62 on Thursday.
Keane #39;s job to inspire, not just play PARIS - Roy Keane #39;s return to the Irish team is not so much about what he can produce on the pitch, but what he can inspire in others.
Soldering plays Spadea next LYON, France -- Robin Soderling made sure none of the top four seeds would reach the semifinals of the Lyon Tennis Grand Prix. Soderling upset the highest seed remaining, No.
Longhorns aim to end their Sooners skid in classic football &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mack Brown and his most important supporters believe his tenure at Texas should not be defined by a four-game losing streak to Bob Stoops and the Oklahoma Sooners.
Kenyan is Nobel Peace laureate NYERI (Kenya) - Crying with delight, Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai planted a tree to celebrate winning the Nobel Peace Prize yesterday and vowed to use her award money to strengthen her campaign to save Africa #39;s forests.
Austria #39;s Elfriede Jelinek Wins Nobel Prize for Literature Austrian novelist Elfriede Jelinek was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature on October 7. True to the mood of despair cast in her novels (which include The Piano Teacher, Lust, and Women as Lovers), Jelinek, 57, said that she  quot;can #39;t stand quot; the attention 
Security Council Condemns Acts of Violence Against Civilians The Security Council unanimously passed a Russian-initiated antiterror resolution today that declares all intentional acts of violence against civilians unjustifiable 
Hollywood Asks Top U.S. Court to Weigh File Trading  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Movie studios and record labels on  Friday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn a ruling that  Internet "peer to peer" networks cannot be held liable when  their users copy music and movies without permission.
Copyright Bill Dies in Senate as Others Advance  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bill that would make it easier to  sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa appeared on Friday  to have died a quiet death, but other copyright bills sought by  the entertainment industry continued to advance.
Novell to Open Enterprise to Netware and Linux Novell (Quote, Chart) announced today that it was moving up the timetable by 10 months on its new Open Enterprise Server (OES). The new server, due out in February, will include Novell #39;s NetWare operating 
Freelancer Wins Big in Canadian 'Tasini' Case (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - CHICAGO In a Canadian version of the U.S. Supreme Court's Tasini decision on copyrights, a divided Ontario Appeals Court Thursday declared that The Globe and Mail violated a freelance writer's copyright when it republished her articles online and in electronic databases.
AOL making a Standalone Browser Firefox seems to have reignited the browser war. First, Google made headlines when it got hold of the domain name GBrowser.com pointing towards a possible browser release from them.
Homeland Security Names New Cyber Chief By 1:57 PM EDT Fri. Oct. 08, 2004. The Department of Homeland Security Thursday appointed an acting US cybersecurity chief to replace Amit Yoran, who resigned suddenly from the position a week ago.
Arsenal players used EPO, says Wenger Arsene Wenger has claimed that some of Arsenal #39;s overseas players could have used performance-enhancing drugs before they joined the club.
SODERLING WINS BATTLE OF SWEDES Robin Soderling ensured none of the top four seeds would reach the semi-finals of the Lyon Tennis Grand Prix by ousting fellow Swede Joachim Johansson in straight sets on Friday.
Brown #39;s archrival won #39;t cost him job Dallas - A popular notion in sports circles is that Texas coach Mack Brown simply cannot, will not and should not survive yet another loss to Oklahoma.
Outfielder #39;s season done No matter what happened in the AL division series against Boston, Anaheim manager Mike Scioscia said Friday the suspended left fielder wouldn #39;t play in the postseason.
Goodbye SNMP? Hello, WS-Management Laoping writes  quot;News.com has a story about a new Web services management specification designed to simplify network administration across a wide range of devices.
AT T Puts Cell-Phone Twist on Song Sales (Reuters) Reuters - AT T Wireless has given U.S.\music fans the ability to purchase 99-cent songs using a mobile\phone.
Israelis accuse Egyptian officials of being slow to take action EILAT (Israel) - Thousands of frightened Israeli tourists rushed back home yesterday, streaming into Eilat just across the border, after the deadly hotel bombing in Taba, Egypt.
Peace Nobel for Kenyan OSLO, Oct. 8. - The Kenyan environmental activist, Ms Wangari Maathai, has won the Nobel Peace prize for her work as leader of the Green Belt Movement, which has sought to empower women, improve the environment 
Paris bomb at Indonesia Embassy wounds 10 PARIS A bomb rocked a quiet, elegant neighborhood of apartment buildings in the west of the city, slightly wounding at least 10 people, including 4 workers at the Indonesian Embassy, where a rigged package exploded below its crimson and white national flag 
Bomb blasts rock Red Sea resorts  quot;The toll from the explosions was 12 dead and 135 wounded, quot; an Interior Ministry spokesman said on Friday. Earlier unofficial reports put the death toll from the explosions on Thursday evening as high as 35 people.
29 killed, at least 114 wounded in explosion near Egypt-Israeli &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three explosions shook popular resorts on Egypts Sinai Peninsula, where Israelis were vacationing Thursday night at the close of a Jewish holiday, Egyptian officials and witnesses said.
Ellison Has Talked About Revising PeopleSoft Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  Chief\Executive Larry Ellison said on Friday that Oracle has talked\about revising its  #36;21-per-share offer to buy rival PeopleSoft\Inc. , but he dented Wall Street expectations by saying\Oracle has focused more on lowering the bid than raising it.
Rescuers Hunt for Survivors of Egypt Bombing (Reuters) Reuters - Rescue workers scrabbled through\the wreckage of an Egyptian resort hotel on Saturday in a hunt\for survivors from bomb blasts targeting Israelis that killed\at least 30 people and buried dozens more.
Voters in Hungary decide referenda Voters in Hungary went to the polls Sunday to decide a double referendum on citizenship rights and their nation #39;s health care system.
Election-Related Lawsuits Pile Up in Fla. (AP) AP - A lawsuit demanding touch-screen voting machines be made to produce paper records will not be heard until Oct. 18, a judge ruled Friday, raising doubts that any significant changes to the system used by about half of Florida's voters will happen before the election.
FDA Rejects AstraZeneca's Exanta  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. regulators on Friday turned  down AstraZeneca Plc's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.N&lt;/A&gt; anti-clotting drug  Exanta, following the advice of an advisory panel on which some  members had voiced doubt about the drug's safety and  effectiveness.
NFL Suspends Lewis Two Games for Drug Case OWINGS MILLS, Md. - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay by the NFL for violating the league's substance abuse policy, one day after pleading guilty to trying to set up a drug deal four years ago...
Afghan Security on Alert Ahead of Election KABUL, Afghanistan - On the eve of Afghanistan's first-ever direct presidential election, Muslim clerics urged Friday worshippers to embrace democracy, election workers scurried to ready voting booths and 100,000 troops went on high alert across the country.    In Peshawar, Pakistan late Friday, armed men wounded one police officer at a refugee camp polling site just hours before the Afghan refugees were to vote, police said...
Photo: National LambdaRail Architecture NLR is a consortium of 18 universities and research groups that are building the first nationwide optical network owned and operated by researchers.
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks A federal judge denied a request by Pfizer (nyse: PFE - news - people ) to halt competitors #39; sales of gabapentin, a generic form of Pfizer #39;s Neurontin epilepsy drug.
A burst of light, a powerful bang, then ringing mobiles Behind the twisted wire mesh and shattered glass winks a sign:  quot;Taba Lounge quot;. The lounge itself has been gutted. Couches are buried under rubble while contents from upper floors sag precariously above loose ceiling blocks.
Judge rejects AMD plea for confidential Intel documents SAN FRANCISCO - A San Jose, California, judge ruled Monday that Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) is not entitled to trial documents that the company says might help it prove its European Commission antitrust complaint against Intel Corp.
Indonesian president calls for action on terror? (updated PM 1:37) Indonesia #39;s president on Monday said terrorism is the enemy of all religions and urged regional leaders of the Islamic, Christian, Jewish, Hindu and Buddhist faiths to fight the scourge.
Sun settles Java suit with Kodak Sun on Thursday announced that it settled the lawsuit Eastman Kodak had brought against it, but the charge that Suns Java violated software patents held by Kodak brought to light the major impact patents can have on software techniques.
Undaunted PeopleSoft rolls out business apps Although the threat of Oracles hostile takeover continues to cast a shadow over it, PeopleSoft is pressing on with plans to integrate into its product mix the enterprise applications it picked up last year in its acquisition of J.D. Edwards.
FTC files suit against alleged spyware distributor WASHINGTON - The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) on Thursday filed a legal complaint against two companies that allegedly infected computers with spyware and pop-up advertising, then tried to sell their owners spyware-blocking software.
Honeywell LCD patent suit targets PC industry SAN FRANCISCO - Aerospace manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. has filed suit against 34 PC and mobile phone companies that it says are infringing on its patents for LCD (liquid crystal display) technology.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
IBM upgrades blade servers SAN FRANCISCO - IBM Corp. will soon begin shipping upgraded models of its HS20 and JS20 blade servers, including a new SCSI (small computer system interface) option for the HS20 that will double the number of SCSI blades that users can fit into a single chassis, the company announced Friday. The Armonk, New York, computer maker also announced new management software for the servers designed to make them cooler and easier to manage.
Ellison: Oracle may cut its PeopleSoft bid NEW YORK - Soon after an Oracle Corp. director said Oracle's current \$21 per share offer for control of PeopleSoft Inc. may not be its final bid, Oracle Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Larry Ellison countered that the company is as likely to lower its bid as to raise it.
Sun settles Java suit with Kodak (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sun on Thursday announced that it settled the lawsuit Eastman Kodak had brought against it, but the charge that Sun #8217;s Java violated software patents held by Kodak brought to light the major impact patents can have on software techniques.
Undaunted PeopleSoft rolls out business apps (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Although the threat of Oracle #8217;s hostile takeover continues to cast a shadow over it, PeopleSoft is pressing on with plans to integrate into its product mix the enterprise applications it picked up last year in its acquisition of J.D. Edwards.
Canadian reported killed with rebel group in Chechnya; Ottawa seeks details (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (CP) - A Canadian reported killed in Chechnya was described by Russian defence officials Friday as an explosives expert who was among a group of insurgents involved in fighting there.
Market likes leaner AT amp;T Investors on Friday cheered a decision by AT amp;T, the largest US provider of long-distance service, to eliminate more than 20 percent of its work force this year and write off \$11.
McGrath and Kasprowicz push India to the brink India enjoyed their best day of the first Test here yesterday but still face defeat on a pitch that is starting to favour the spinners.
Nemechek wins second straight pole; Earnhardt eighth  quot;Front Row Joe quot; went four years without winning a pole, but now has two in a row after leading qualifying Friday for the NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Kansas Speedway.
Williams Says He'd Play Only One More Year (AP) AP - Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams says he misses football but would only play one more season if he returns to the NFL.
Pacers' Bender Sits With Sore Knee (AP) AP - Throughout his NBA career, Jonathan Bender has been slowed by injuries. As his Indiana Pacers teammates finished practice Friday, there he was again, just sitting and watching.
Israel tourists flee after Sinai blasts EILAT, Israel Thousands of Israelis trudged through the Taba border post on Friday, returning home, like shocked refugees, from a Sinai bloodied by three terrorist bombings of three tourist hotels on Thursday night.
Hewitt adds a qualifier to her qualified Iraq apology Patricia Hewitt, the trade and industry secretary, capped a cabinet apology for faulty intelligence on Iraq #39;s weapons arsenal yesterday by insisting that Saddam Hussein had been  quot;corrupting and undermining quot; UN sanctions to the point that they were in 
Afghans foil  #39;catastrophic #39; attack on southern city KANDAHAR - Afghan troops foiled an attempt to blow up a fuel truck in the city of Kandahar in what the governor said could have been a  quot;catastrophic quot; attack to disrupt a landmark election.
Johan Santana to Start Game 4 for Twins (AP) AP - Johan Santana is ready to start against the New York Yankees on short rest.
N.F.L. Suspends Lewis Two Games for Drug Case Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay by the N.F.L. for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
Carlos Tosca Interviews With Mets Former Toronto Blue Jays manager Carlos Tosca interviewed with the Mets on Friday, the first candidate brought in following the firing of Art Howe.
Coming to a college near you: Services science? SAN FRANCISCO - More than40 years after Purdue University established the first department of computer science in the U.S., a whole new field of study is about to emerge in colleges and universities throughout the country, according to a researcher at IBM Corp.'s Almaden Research Center, who believes that students could begin to receive doctorate degrees in the field of "services sciences" in 10 years time.
Gaza Violence Kills Four Palestinians (AP) AP - Soldiers shot and killed a 10-year-old Palestinian girl and three other Palestinians died in missile strikes Friday during Israel's massive offensive into the northern Gaza Strip, witnesses and hospital officials said.
Jimenez continues superb late form Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez shot a 4-under-par 66 Sunday to win the Hong Kong Open by one stroke over defending champion Padraig Harrington of Ireland and South African James Kingston.
Dell Recalls Millions of Potentially Faulty Notebook Adapters Dell has announced a massive recall of notebook computer power adapters, saying the components -- made by a company whose products caused a similar recall last month by IBM -- could overheat and spark fires or electrical shock.
Leslie wins second MVP award Lisa Leslie was selected the WNBA #39;s Most Valuable Player for the second time in her career. The Los Angeles Sparks center, the league #39;s MVP in 2001, received 425 points and 33 of a possible 48 first-place votes from a national media panel Friday.
Furcal Shrugs Off Distractions in Playoffs (AP) AP - Rafael Furcal will spend three weeks in a cramped, windowless jail filled with about 70 inmates when the postseason ends for the Atlanta Braves.
Earnhardt Jr. Speaks Out Dale Earnhardt Jr. responds to the NASCAR penalty that knocked him out of the Nextel Cup lead and says the punishment was too severe.
Update 1: Drug Stocks Slide for Week Drug makers failed to bounce back from a Thursday slide, with many drug stocks closing down Friday as drug giant Pfizer Inc. and generic drug challenger Alpharma Inc.
Drugs woes and lacklustre jobs data send Wall St lower US SHARES fell on Friday, pressured by declines in the drugs and semiconductor sectors and by slower-than-expected US jobs growth.
Dell Recalls AC Power Adapters Due To Fire, Shock Hazard Dell Inc. announced today that it is voluntarily recalling a total of 4.4 million AC power adapters used with some Dell notebooks, among these, 2.9 million were sold in the US alone.
Eriksson to put caution to one side IF ONE stereotype doesnt fit, try another. Sven Goran Eriksson, pilloried in the summer for being an over-cautious Swede, inculcated during his Serie A career with a craven inclination to defend a slender 
Mauresmo, Davenport reach semis in Germany FILDERSTADT (Germany) - Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport took their battle for the No. 1 ranking and Porsche Grand Prix title into the semi-finals with straight-sets victories on Friday.
Drug accused fights back THE BALCO Labs executive director accused of steroid distribution has asked a US federal court to drop charges against him because of procedural errors made at the time of his arrest.
Green campaigner wins peace prize A Kenyan environmentalist and human rights campaigner has been awarded the Nobel peace prize, becoming the first African woman to win the prestigious award since it was created in 1901.
Car bomb attacks kill 28 in Egypt At least 28 people were killed and scores injured when car bombs exploded at resorts packed with Israeli holidaymakers on the Red Sea coast of Egypt #39;s Sinai desert in attacks Israel blamed on Al Qaeda.
Afghans Set for Historic Vote Under Militant Threat (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of Afghans prepared for a\historic poll on Saturday, which will give the mountainous\Islamic nation on the ancient Silk Road its first elected\president and perhaps end over a quarter century of war.
Bush and Kerry to Face Undecided Voters (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will face questions from an audience of uncommitted voters in their second debate Friday night, with tepid jobs numbers and the war in Iraq certain to be points of contention.
Milk Measure Pulled From Relief Bill (AP) AP - An end-of-the-session food fight over a milk support program erupted Friday in Congress, stalling action for hours on legislation ranging from corporate tax cuts to hurricane and drought relief and preventing lawmakers from adjourning to hit the campaign trail.
Stocks Hit by Oil, Bonds Up on Weak Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slid on Friday after oil  hit a record \$53.40 a barrel, while surprisingly weak September  jobs data touched off a rally in the bond market.
Afghans Set for Historic Vote Under Militant Threat  KABUL (Reuters) - Millions of Afghans prepared for a  historic poll on Saturday, which will give the mountainous  Islamic nation on the ancient Silk Road its first elected  president and perhaps end over a quarter century of war.
U.S.: Hostage Tried to Escape Execution BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...
Why cant Johnny compute? When I suggested in a recent column that a problematic 5 percent of employees account for 75 percent of the IT support burden, I expected a wave of right on! letters from IT support staffers. After the column was published, the letters did come  most of them disagreeing with my premise, with one reader suggesting that the real whiner was yours truly. I still think its outside the realm of overextended IT departments to provide training on basic computing skills (which I defined as managing and finding files, and basic working knowledge of suites such as MS Office). But my thinking was adjusted a bit by the thoughtful feedback.
A break with tradition If you think of your business as a car and your IT infrastructure as the road it travels on, then your business processes are the tires that let the car move along the road. What we are seeing now, at an ever increasing rate, is CFOs asking CIOs to kick the tires and check the air pressure. Analogies aside, CFOs want CIOs to get more involved in process design across the company.
IT's secret sauce Successful IT often requires as much insight into business as into technology.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Crude oil prices end over \$53 per barrel in NY Crude oil futures finished above 53 dollars a barrel Friday as traders were unsettled about winter fuel supplies in the United States and labor-government confrontation in Nigeria.
September job growth weaker than expected US employers added just 96,000 jobs in September, far fewer than analysts expected and a sign that the economic recovery remains weak.
Judge dismisses \$1.25bn case against Black Lord Black, former owner of The Daily Telegraph, won a temporary reprieve yesterday when a US judge dismissed a lawsuit by his former company, which was seeking \$1.
New Nintendo console analysts #39; choice The PlayStation Portable is the talk of the town, after basking in the limelight at a recent game show. But despite all the hoopla, Sony Computer Entertainment Co.
Exhausted Phelps feels the strain Michael Phelps yesterday pulled out of the 400 metres individual medley at the short course world championships in Indianapolis with a sore back.
Busch wants win by more than 25 points Surprise. Underdog. Cinderella story. The media is calling Kurt Busch a lot of things these days but the title he #39;d prefer is  #39;Champ.
Magical McGrath has India seeking a miracle The 10-day Hindu festival of Dussehra is being celebrated in these parts. It is associated with the vanquishing of demons, though whether these will include Glenn McGrath and Shane Warne today is doubtful.
Search, Mobile Markets Help Internet Firm Bounce Back (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - InfoSpace is a rarity in this post-dot-bomb world: an Internet company with a healthy share price and bottom line.
Officials seek perpetrators in deadly Egypt blasts Israeli and Egyptian officials searched for proof Friday to determine who had reduced a five-star hotel full of Israeli tourists to a pile of concrete and metal the night before 
Kidnappers behead British hostage Fulfilling the worst nightmares of a British family, kidnappers Friday released a video showing their beheading of Kenneth Bigley, a contractor seized from his Baghdad 
Web-Hosting Firm Gives Feds Hard Drives (AP) AP - A Texas Internet company said Friday it gave U.S. government officials the hard drives from a pair of its Web servers leased to online journalists and others.
Bush to Aid 'Moderate' Parties in Iraq Election  WASHINGTON (Reuters) -  The Bush administration plans to  give strategic advice, training and polling data to what it  deems as "moderate and democratic" Iraqi political parties with  candidates running in the country's upcoming elections,  government documents show.
UK hostage Bigley murdered in Iraq The family of the British hostage Kenneth Bigley confirm that he has been killed by his captors in Iraq. 
Bid to dismiss US sport drug case The head of Balco, a US lab accused of supplying steroids to sport stars, asks a court to drop all charges.
Update 2: Senate Delays Approving Tax Law Overhaul The drive to pass a \$136 billion corporate tax bill hit a roadblock in the Senate on Friday when lawmakers upset about tobacco regulation, new overtime rules and combat pay employed delaying tactics to keep the measure from coming up for a vote.
Former NASA inspector pleads innocent to falsifying inspections ORLANDO, Fla. He was supposed to be doing safety inspections on the space shuttle fleet -- sometimes inspecting parts that were so crucial, their failure could destroy the shuttle.