And the winner is  SpaceShipOne SpaceShipOne #39;s successful flights did more than win \$10 million - they proved to the world that space is open for all humanity.
Struggling pitcher thrust into heart of series MINNEAPOLIS -- Struggling right-hander Javier Vazquez will start for the New York Yankees in Game 4 of their AL Division Series against the Minnesota Twins on Saturday.
UN adopts resolution to intensify global anti-terror campaign The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution on October 8 calling on states to strengthen cooperation in the fight against terrorism, including extraditing and prosecuting anyone who supports, finances and participates in terrorist 
Yahoo's Yang Looks Back on 'Amazing Ride' Cofounder reflects on company's first ten years at Web 2.0 Conference.
Polls open in Australian general election with contenders in dead heat (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SYDNEY, Australia (AP) - Australian Prime Minister John Howard and his Labour party challenger were in a virtual dead heat as voting began Saturday in a general election, with voters focusing on the economy and social programs more than Howard's decision to send troops to Iraq.
Bush faces critical test in second debate (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush's re-election bid, buffeted by bad news on the economy and Iraq, faced a crucial test Friday as he headed into a second debate with resurgent Democratic challenger John Kerry.
Key Provisions of the Intelligence Bills (AP) AP - Comparison of some provisions in the House and Senate bills with the recommendations of the Sept. 11 commission:
N.H. Man Denies FTC 'Spyware' Charges (AP) AP - The man at the center of the nation's first spyware case  #151; a businessman notorious for his junk Internet mailings  #151; says federal regulators were politically motivated in targeting him for enforcement of new bills outlawing intrusive software.
BoSox Eliminate Angels 8-6 in 10 Innings BOSTON - This self-proclaimed band of idiots is going to play for the pennant. David Ortiz homered in the 10th inning to send the Boston Red Sox into their second consecutive AL championship series, completing a three-game sweep of the Anaheim Angels with an 8-6 victory Friday...
Web services for your TiVo? Web services are becoming increasingly popular for linking software programs. Now, Microsoft and some other big companies are pitching the technology as a way to manage everything from big corporate servers to mobile phones.
Partial solar eclipse occurs next week A partial solar eclipse will occur on Thursday, and will be visible in northeast China, north of the Pacific Ocean, northwest of North America and part of the Arctic Ocean.
The Future of Private Space Travel Description: We consider what might be ahead for the future of private space travel. Will the SpaceShipOne flight kick off a new era of space development?
Schumacher wins first practice at rain-soaked Suzuka World champion Michael Schumacher drove the quickest time in the first practice on October 8 for Sunday #39;s Japanese Formula One Grand Prix in Suzuka.
Torre giving Brown ball next Orlando Hernandez on Wednesday was officially scratched from his Game Three start because of his tired right shoulder, but his replacement isn #39;t exactly healthy, either.
Sailor in critical condition due to smoke inhalation SLIGO, Ireland - A Canadian sailor was waging a battle last night to overcome severe smoke inhalation injuries after he and a fellow sailor were airlifted from their disabled submarine to hospital in this small Irish north coast town.
Violence in northern Gaza kills four Palestinians, including young &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Witnesses say a ten-year-old girl was one of four Palestinians killed today by Israeli forces operating in the northern Gaza Strip.
Burma Still a Concern at ASEM An Asia-Europe summit opened Friday overshadowed by the European Union #39;s threat to slap fresh sanctions on one of the grouping #39;s newest Asian membersmilitary-ruled Burmaif it fails 
30 killed, 120 hurt in Egypt resort bombings At least 30 people were killed and 120 wounded when car bombs exploded at resorts packed with Israeli holidaymakers on the Red Sea coast of Egypt #39;s Sinai desert in attacks claimed by a group saying it belongs to Al-Qaeda.
Partial solar eclipse is a real time-twister A partial solar eclipse will take place next week, oddly ending the day before it begins. The eclipse will be visible, weather permitting, from northeastern portions of Asia, including all of Japan 
Montgomerie sends Ryder smoke signal Colin Montgomerie yesterday applied for the job of captain of the 2006 Ryder Cup team - by the simple expedient of not applying for it.
Yahoo's Yang Looks Back on 'Amazing Ride' (PC World) PC World - Cofounder reflects on company's first ten years at Web 2.0 Conference.
Space Tourism Faces Safety Regulations (AP) AP - Thrill seekers are plunking down six figures to ride rockets that haven't even been built yet, and a new airline called Virgin Galactic promises to be up and soaring in the next three years. Still, the budding space tourism industry faces a myriad of safety concerns  #151; in the sky and on the ground  #151; that must be resolved before any paying passenger takes off.
National aerospace policy in the works, says Canada's transport minister (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GATINEAU, Que. (CP) - A national aerospace policy is in the works that would consolidate existing financial-aid initiatives into one cohesive program, Transport Minister Jean Lapierre said on Friday.
Senate Delays Approving Tax Law Overhaul (AP) AP - The drive to pass a  #36;136 billion corporate tax bill hit a roadblock in the Senate on Friday when lawmakers upset about tobacco regulation, new overtime rules and combat pay employed delaying tactics to prevent a vote.
Britain Shocked by Death of Iraq Hostage  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Washington's closest ally in Iraq was  horrified by the beheading of a British hostage there and Prime  Minister Tony Blair urged Britons not to let it undermine their  support for continued involvement in the country.
Update 11: Parmalat #39;s Trustee Sues Bank of America Parmalat #39;s government-appointed administrator sued Bank of America Corp. on Thursday, alleging that the bank helped executives at the dairy company hide debt and conceal its insolvency from investors.
Computer Associates to acquire Netegrity in \$430 million all-cash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
Judge Denies AMD Access to Intel Documents A federal judge has denied a request by AMD (Quote, Chart) that Intel (Quote, Chart) turn over internal documents, the latest development in a long-running legal battle.
Before the Bell: Knight Falls, Too Rises Knight Trading Group Inc. (NITE) shares fell more than 6 percent before the bell on Wednesday after the Nasdaq stock trader warned of a quarterly loss because of weak stock trading volume.
BoSox Eliminate Angels 8-6 in 10 Innings (AP) AP - This self-proclaimed band of idiots is going to play for the pennant. David Ortiz homered in the 10th inning to send the Boston Red Sox into their second consecutive AL championship series, completing a three-game sweep of the Anaheim Angels with an 8-6 victory Friday.
Gordon Cooper, 1 of 1st astronauts VENTURA, Calif. - Gordon Cooper, who as one of the original Mercury astronauts was a pioneer in human space exploration, has died.
Scientists praise Maurice Wilkins British scientists and science commentators have paid tribute to the DNA pioneer Maurice Wilkins, who died on Tuesday aged 88. Professor Wilkins, who called himself  quot;the third man of the double helix quot;, helped 
Man accused of infecting computers with  quot;spyware quot; says he #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A man accused of infecting computers with intrusive  quot;spyware quot; and then trying to sell people the solution has denied any wrongdoing.
Yahoo #39;s Yang Looks Back on  #39;Amazing Ride #39; San Francisco--At the closing session of the Web 2.0 Conference, Yahoo cofounder and Chief Yahoo Jerry Yang assessed the famous Web portal #39;s first decade.
AOL Plans New Web Browser  amp; Logos An article at eWeek is saying that AOL plans to launch it #39;s own web browser sometime soon. The  quot;AOL Browser quot; will be based off of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer and not AOL #39;s dead Netscape Browser.
Hynix sells non-memory business Hynix of Korea has sold its non-memory semiconductor operations to Citigroup Venture Capital for Won954.3bn (\$828m) and it will be renamed MagnaChip Semiconductor.
Big Blue #39;s Blades Up Server Speed Stakes Tim Dougherty, director of marketing for IBM #39;s eServer BladeCenter, said the company #39;s new BladeCenter machines have increased speed, memory, power management and operating system support in order to widen customers #39; choices.
Sony in CD-copying u-turn The company currently allows customers to copy a CD once onto a personal computer, but uses the Internet to charge a fee for subsequent copying of the same disk.
English FA aims for EPO tests The English Football Association (FA)said on Friday that they will introduce tests for the banned drug EPO (erythropoietin) in the near future.
Britain Shocked by Death of Iraq Hostage Washington #39;s closest ally in Iraq was horrified by the beheading of a British hostage there and Prime Minister Tony Blair urged Britons not to let it undermine their support for continued involvement in the country.
Australia #39;s Voters to Choose Between Howard, Latham (Update1) Australian Prime Minister John Howard is seeking a fourth term in power at today #39;s election, promising to extend 13 years of economic growth and keep mortgage rates low.
Ortiz's 10th-Inning Homer Earns Red Sox Sweep of Angels  BOSTON (Reuters) - David Ortiz's two-run homer in the  bottom of the 10th inning gave the Boston Red Sox an 8-6 win  over the Anaheim Angels and a 3-0 sweep of their American  League Divisional Series Friday.
Cognos reassigns new exec after indictment Cognos this week announced that Andrew Cahill, who was a senior vice president at the company, has been reassigned to other duties at Cognos after being indicted by the U.S. Department of Justice in connection with activities at his previous employer.
Leslie Named MVP Los Angeles Sparks center Lisa Leslie was selected the WNBA's Most Valuable Player for the second time in her career.
No. 13 Minnesota (5-0) at No. 14 Michigan (4-1) Outlook:  No other team in the nation has a running back duo like Minnesota's Marion Barber III and Laurence Maroney, who have combined for 274.4 rushing yards per game -- and distribute it quite evenly. Michigan freshman QB Chad Henne went 17 for 21 for 316 yards and three touchdowns last week against Indiana and hasn't thrown an interception in the past two games. Plus, the Wolverines' aggressive defense leads the nation with 19 takeaways.
Red Sox Advance David Ortiz homered in the 10th inning to give the Red Sox an 8-6 victory over Anaheim and completing a three-game sweep.
Afghans vote in first elections under shadow of violence (AFP) AFP - Afghans vote Saturday in the first direct presidential elections in their history, under the threat of violence from anti-US militants and Osama bin Laden's terror network.
Chirac promotes China trade links The French president will meet his Chinese counterpart on a four-day state visit focusing on economic ties.
Eluding Press, Stewart Slips Into Prison Before Dawn Martha Stewart beat the news media trailing her every move by announcing that she had checked into prison in West Virginia.
Ortiz Earns Red Sox Series Sweep of Angels  BOSTON (Reuters) - David Ortiz's two-run homer in the  bottom of the 10th inning gave the Boston Red Sox an 8-6 win  over the Anaheim Angels and a three-game sweep of their  American League Divisional Series Friday.
Senate Tobacco Foes Agree on FDA Bill Anti-tobacco senators agreed late Friday to stop delaying a tax bill that includes a bailout for tobacco farmers and pass a separate bill calling for Food and Drug Administration regulation of tobacco, Sen.
Google Library meets Bookstore Search engine Google has plans to introduce a new service that lets users search complete texts of books and helps publishers sell them.
UK Record Industry Targets P2P File-swappers in Britain are to be taken to court for trading tracks over the Internet. The crackdown by the British Phonographic Industry is the first of its kind in the UK, although the 
Yahoo! Seen Outperforming Peers Goldman Sachs reiterated an  quot;outperform quot; rating and raised estimates for third-quarter revenue and earnings before interest depreciation and amortization for Yahoo!
The Top 20 Internet Security Flaws of 2004 The vast majority of worms and other successful cyber attacks are made possible by vulnerabilities in a small number of common operating system services.
Can Mike Lawrie make Siebel better? In many ways, Mike Lawrie seems to be just the sort of guy software maker Siebel Systems needs to lift it out of its dark days. It #39;s true he doesn #39;t exactly ooze charisma and intensity.
T. rex #39;s smaller ancestor was covered with down Fossil remains of the oldest and smallest known ancestor of Tyrannosaurus rex, the world #39;s favorite ferocious dinosaur, have been discovered in China with evidence that its body was cloaked in downy  quot;protofeathers.
Civil Rights Panel to Wait to Discuss Bush (AP) AP - The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights voted Friday to wait until after next month's election to discuss a report critical of the Bush administration's civil rights record. Republican members had objected to the report's timing. The report remains posted on the commission's Web site, however, despite objections from GOP commissioners who sought to get it removed.
American League Playoff Game Summary - Anaheim at Boston The headline on Friday #39;s edition of the Boston Herald read  quot;Go Yanks!, quot; indicative of how badly the Red Sox faithful yearn for a rematch of last year #39;s ALCS...Prior to the game, Scioscia announced that suspended outfielder Jose Guillen would not be 
Next stop, Our Lady of Victory Lane If you listen between the lines, it sure sounds like what Dale Earnhardt Jr. was really saying was something like,  quot;While today #39;s accomplishment is extremely gratifying on both a personal and professional 
Gibbs Admires Well-Grounded Ravens Offense When Washington Redskins Coach Joe Gibbs and his staff watch the Baltimore Ravens run the football, they cannot help but recall their great Redskins teams of old.
Afghans vote in first elections under shadow of violence KABUL: Afghans vote Saturday in the first direct presidential elections in their history, under the threat of violence from anti-US militants and Osama bin Laden #39;s terror network.
Israeli army kills two Palestinians in Khan Yunes GAZA CITY, Oct 9 (AFP) - Israeli forces early Saturday killed two Palestinians at Khan Yunes in the south of the Gaza Strip, Palestinian hospital sources said.
Cingular's Quiet Takeover Change is coming for AT T Wireless's 21.7 million customers -- although they wouldn't know it from watching the company's commercials or shopping in its stores. The cell phone provider is expected to complete its \$41 billion merger with Cingular Wireless within weeks.\\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Piracy Bill's Language Protects ClearPlay It's acceptable for consumers to use software that edits out nudity or bad language from a DVD movie -- but they had better leave the commercials and promotional announcements in, according to legislation adopted by the House of Representatives this week. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Suspected Plutonium Convoy Nears France (AP) AP - A trans-Atlantic shipment of plutonium from the United States arrived by guarded convoy at a factory in southern France Friday, amid protests by environmental groups.
Presidential Debate Excerpts (AP) AP - Excerpts from Friday's presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis:
House OKs Bill on 9/11 Recommendations (AP) AP - House Republican leaders on Friday easily pushed through sweeping new law enforcement powers as part of a Sept. 11 anti-terrorism package, but the House now must negotiate a truce with the Senate on those measures to get President Bush's signature before the elections.
Blair: Iraq Report Shows Sanction Problems (AP) AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that a U.S. arms inspector's report on Iraq shows that United Nations sanctions against Saddam Hussein's regime were "not working," insisting that it backed the U.S.-British decision to go to war.
Malls, zoos and museums among the most unusual places to learn Students at Aviation High School learn in the shadow of the massive jetliners this region has produced for decades. Holding classes at Boeing Field and the Museum of 
Should you jump to satellite radio with Howard Stern? WEST PALM BEACH, Fla - Shock jock Howard Stern is dumping traditional radio for satellite. Should you? The question is on millions of listeners #39; minds after Stern stunned the radio world this week by announcing 
FOOTBALL: ROONEY #39;S ALL SET TO LEAD 3-MAN STRIKEFORCE COOL kid Wayne Rooney will spearhead a three-pronged strikeforce for England against Wales today. Boss Sven-Goran Eriksson insists not even a World Cup Final would make Rooney nervous and will place Manchester 
Notes: Dodgers gaining experience Aside from Steve Finley, no Dodgers position starter had postseason experience before Tuesday. By comparison, every member of the Cardinals #39; starting lineup came into the series having played in October.
Like a Tree, Unbowed The Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai has been clubbed in the head by riot police officers. She has been denounced as a subversive.
UN council unites on terror UN Security Council members have unanimously backed a Russian-sponsored resolution to intensify the international battle against terrorism.
Sony #39;s Vaio X: Like TiVo on Steroids CHIBA, JAPAN -- Sony will begin selling in Japan in November a combination personal computer and video server that can record up to seven channels of television simultaneously, it said at the Ceatec 2004 exhibition here.
Wheaton attempts another friendly merger RENO--(Mineweb.com) Vancouver-based Goldcorp and Toronto gold-producer Wheaton River Minerals have scheduled a telephone conference Monday morning to announced that Goldcorp will buy Wheaton River for \$2.09 billion in stock.
Typhoon Ma-On Nears Japan, May Strike Tokyo  TOKYO (Reuters) - A powerful typhoon, one of the strongest  storms recorded in Asia this year, churned toward Japan on  Saturday, lashing the nation with heavy rain, prompting  evacuations and threatening to strike Tokyo.
Hollinger International's Suit  Against Black Is Dismissed A federal judge Friday tossed out Hollinger International Inc.'s \$1.25 billion suit against embattled press tycoon Conrad M. Black and other top corporate officials, ruling that the company could not use racketeering laws to recover money it claims Black and the others stole.
Popcorn, With a Dash of Magic In the celluloid dreams of her own keeping, Latika Harris is watching her favorite movie, "Love and Basketball," and in this dream she has replaced actress Sanaa Lathan. She sees herself playing small forward, or maybe a shooting guard, alongside the handsome male lead of Omar Epps.
Review: GPS in Cell Phones Performs Well (AP) AP - O.K., so I don't like asking for directions. But I don't get lost so often that I need to spend more than  #36;1,000 on a built-in car navigation system to plot my course with global positioning satellites.
Report Cites Profit by Americans in Sale of Iraqi Oil U.S. oil companies and a Texas oil investor received lucrative vouchers that enabled them to buy Iraqi oil under the U.N. oil-for-food program.
Bush Defends Iraq War in Second Debate ST. LOUIS - In a debate rematch Friday, President Bush defended his invasion of Iraq and said "I wasn't happy when we found there weren't weapons" that prompted his administration to go to war against Saddam Hussein...
Mud, Debris Hinder Aid Efforts in Haiti Three weeks after Haiti's worst natural disaster in years the country is trying desperately to attend to its sick, feed its hungry, keep drinking water flowing and remove tons of mud and debris.
U.S. Soldier Killed in Iraq Attack A U.S. soldier was killed and another wounded Friday when their patrol was attacked with a homemade bomb, the U.S. command said in a statement.
Hollinger International #39;s Suit Against Black Is Dismissed A federal judge yesterday tossed out Hollinger International Inc. #39;s \$1.25 billion suit against embattled press tycoon Conrad M. Black and other top corporate officials, ruling that the company 
Recall on Dell Notebook Adapters The home computer maker is recalling nearly a million AC notebook adapters. The company says they can overheat, catch fire, or cause electrical shock.
UN Starts African Polio Vaccinations The United Nations launched a massive polio immunization campaign across Africa on Friday, aiming to undo the region-wide effects of a vaccine boycott in Nigeria.
Iraq: At least 10 dead in car bombing attack A suicide car bomber attacked Wednesday an Iraqi military camp northwest of Baghdad, killing 10 Iraqis and injuring more than 20, Iraqi officials said.
Gore Touts Promise of Stem-Cell Research (AP) AP - Former Vice President Al Gore touted the promise of stem-cell research for curing debilitating and deadly diseases on Friday  #151; using his pitch to stump for fellow Democrats Christine Gregoire and Dave Ross.
Bomb Blast Injures 9 at Embassy in Paris (AP) AP - France tightened security around embassies Friday after a bomb outside the Indonesian Embassy slightly injured nine people in a pre-dawn explosion that shattered neighborhood windows and puzzled police.
Americans Warned to Avoid Part of Sinai (AP) AP - The United States warned its citizens Friday to avoid the northeastern Sinai Peninsula for the next three months after suicide bombings hit three Egyptian hotels in the area.
Canadian ports are 'sieves' says Transport Minister Jean Lapierre (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GATINEAU, Que. (CP) - Transport Minister Jean Lapierre described Canada's ports Friday as "sieves," adding the federal government must take measures to tighten security on the waterfront.  "It's clear that Canadian ports cannot remain sieves," he said during a speech to the Quebec Federation of Chambers of Commerce. "We have to tighten the screw." Asked later to clarify his comments, the minister said he was only quoting from a 2002 Senate report that criticized port security.
City mourns killed hostage Bigley A day of mourning has been declared in Liverpool in memory of the murdered British hostage Ken Bigley. 
Blair and Paisley in Crisis Talks Democratic Unionist leader the Rev Ian Paisley and Prime Minister Tony Blair will hold make-or-break talks today on a deal to revive power sharing at Stormont.
Rivals Clash on Iraq, Economy and Health in Second Debate President Bush defended his economic record and his decision to invade Iraq, while John Kerry said that Mr. Bush lacked the record to justify re-election.
Major events in Afghanistan since December 2001 election of Karzai KABUL, Oct 9 (AFP) - Afghanistan holds its first ever presidential election Saturday. Following is a list of major events since the current President Hamid Karzai took office in 2001.
Australians vote: Bush ally Howard tipped to win SYDNEY (AFP) - Australians went to the polls in national elections tipped to see the conservative government of Prime Minister John Howard, a key US ally in Iraq, beat off a strong challenge from the center-left Labor Party.
Thai government drops origami peace bombs Bangkok: The Thai government has begun dropping an estimated one hundred million paper origami birds in an unusual peace bid. The birds are being dropped by military planes over the countrys Muslim south after a surge of violence in the area.
Solar Eclipse to Start Thursday, End Wednesday! A partial solar eclipse will take place next week, oddly ending the day before it begins. The eclipse will be visible, weather permitting, from northeastern portions of Asia, including all of Japan, northeastern Mongolia and China, and much of Siberia.
Midland F1 team to enter F1 in 2006 A new team, Midland F1, has announced that it will make its Formula One debut in 2006. Backed by the Midland Group, a privately-owned international trading and investment-holding organisation, Midland F1 is 
Tamada gets pole position ahead of the Malaysian GP Makoto Tamada of Japan claimed provisional pole position Friday for tomorrow #39;s Malaysian Grand Prix ahead of Sete Gibernau of Spain and world Moto GP champion Valentino Rossi.
Astros ready for some good home cookin #39; (Sports Network) - The Houston Astros won a franchise-record 18 straight games at Minute Maid Park to end the season and now will lean on their home crowd on Saturday for Game 3 of their National League Division Series against the Atlanta Braves.
Sun 68, Storm 64 Connecticut rookie Lindsay Whalen played with the guile of a veteran Friday night, leading the Sun to a 68-64 victory over the Seattle Storm in the opening game of the WNBA Finals.
Before Rape Arrest, Bryant Expressed Fear to Police In his first comments to the police on the night he was accused of rape, the basketball star Kobe Bryant was scared about what happened and may have conceded lying to 
BALCO Defendants Want Steroid Case Dropped Defendants at the center of the BALCO steroid scandal asked a court to drop charges against them Friday, claiming misconduct by prosecutors in a case which has tarnished several top sporting names.
All Business on This Trip This was supposed to be an exhilarating weekend for futbol fans in El Salvador, what with those dastardly Americans in town for a 2006 World Cup qualifier Saturday night 
Social critic tenth woman to win Nobel The latest Nobel Prize laureate for literature is a self-described advocate for the weak, whose own  quot;social phobia quot; will keep her from attending the awards ceremony in Stockholm.
European, Asian leaders wrap up summit, sidestep Myanmar issue (AFP) AFP - Asian and European leaders were to wrap up summit talks here by calling for the United Nations to lead the fight against terrorism while largely side-stepping a rift over military-ruled Myanmar.
BCCI officials suspended A court suspends all newly-elected office-bearers on India's cricket board citing election misconduct.
Kobe Bryant's Accuser Apologized for 'Mix-Up' (Reuters) Reuters - The woman who accused basketball star\Kobe Bryant of rape apologized to police at one stage for\providing confusing information, according to court documents\released on Friday.
Yankees Put Twins on Brink of Elimination Backed by Derek Jeter's three R.B.I.'s and a relentless offense, Kevin Brown threw six strong innings to lead the Yankees past the Minnesota Twins, 8-4.
Before Rape Arrest, Bryant Expressed Fear to Police On the night he was accused of rape, Kobe Bryant was scared about what happened and may have conceded lying to detectives, according to a tape recording made then.
Works in Progress U-Md.'s Joel Statham and Georgia Tech's Reggie Ball have thrown more touchdown passes than anyone in the ACC.  However, they also rank near the top in interceptions.
Hokies' Road Test Wake Forest has eight interceptions for the season -- which ranks 12th nationally -- and will test Va. Tech quarterback Bryan Randall, who has thrown six picks in five games.
Nemechek Nabs Pole Veteran driver Joe Nemechek earns his second straight pole Friday in Kansas City after having gone four years without winning one.
Topics A, B and C in Run-up to Debate: Jobs, Jobs and Jobs Senator John Kerry will assail George Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.
Weather Hits Japanese Grand Prix The Japanese round of the World Rally Championship on the island of Hokkaido just missed a typhoon, and the weather has also affected the Japanese Grand Prix weekend.
Russians Coming In Formula 1 It doesn #39;t plan an entry until next year #39;s Australian Grand Prix, but the Canadian-based Midland Group chaired by expatriate Russian (and Canadian citizen) Alexander Shnaider has announced the formation of a new GP team to be called Midland F1.
Earnhardt says punishment more severe than the crime Dale Earnhardt Jr. admits he was wrong to cuss in a live TV interview last weekend but says NASCAR was wrong to penalize him so harshly.
Playoff Series Quickly Turns Against Twins (AP) AP - The Minnesota Twins were in great shape just two days ago. Now they're on the brink of being eliminated by the New York Yankees for the second straight year.
Veteran Lewis Seizes Slender Lead in Las Vegas  LAS VEGAS, Nevada (Reuters) - PGA Tour veteran JL Lewis  reeled off seven birdies and an eagle to race into a one-shot  lead after the second round of the \$4 million Las Vegas  Invitational Friday.
BALCO Defendants Want Steroid Case Dropped  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Defendants at the center of the  BALCO steroid scandal asked a court to drop charges against  them Friday, claiming misconduct by prosecutors in a case which  has tarnished several top sporting names.
SEC Makes Investigation Of Krispy Kreme Formal WINSTON-SALEM, NC - The Securities and Exchange Commission has escalated its investigation of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. to a formal inquiry, the company announced Friday.
Questions for the  #39;Comforter in Chief #39; How could I have forgotten that George W. was a compassionate conservative? He chose the moniker of a kinder, gentler Republican four years ago to distinguish himself from Newt Gingrich #39;s crowd.
China: Most Office Computers Hit By Internet Security Problems China says 58 percent of computer networks in the country #39;s offices have fallen victim to Internet security problems this year.
Band of merry fools gets another chance to rewrite baseball &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The frat house full of fools will play for a pennant for the second year in a row. David Ortiz #39;s 10th-inning homer gave the Boston Red Sox an 8-6 victory over the Anaheim Angels on 
Gunners attack Aragones A racist slur made by Spanish national coach Luis Aragones against Thierry Henry has angered the Arsenal star #39;s teammates, who have called for FIFA take action.
Tracy hopes club can take advantage of opportunities Aside from Steve Finley, no Dodgers position starter had postseason experience before Tuesday. By comparison, every member of the Cardinals #39; starting lineup came into the series having played in October.
Howell Leads Dunhill Links by 1 Shot England #39;s David Howell holed a 105-yard shot for an eagle and finished with a 7-under-par 65 to take a one-stroke lead over Luke Donald yesterday after the second round of the Dunhill Links Championship in St.
Britain mourns hostage murdered in Iraq LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair condemned the killers of British hostage Kenneth Bigley as barbaric, and most of the victims relatives praised his handling of the crisis.
Afghans begin voting under shadow of Taliban threat Afghans braved threats of Taliban attacks to begin voting today in a historic presidential election that they hope will mark the beginning of the end to a quarter century of conflict.
Australian voters head to polls Australians voted today in an election which offered the choice between a conservative government that unreservedly backs the United States and its Iraq war and a Labour opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
Child mortality rate drops in Latin America: UNICEF Latin America has seen a decline in child mortality rate, but the situation in Iraq, countries of the former Soviet Union and those in sub-Saharan Africa has worsened over the 
Brown, Jeter Hand Yankees Series Lead Over Twins  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kevin Brown pitched six innings and  Derek Jeter notched three hits and drove in three runs to lead  the New York Yankees to an 8-4 victory over the Minnesota Twins  in the American League Divisional Series Friday.
U.S. Continue to Dominate Without Injured Phelps  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - The U.S. team continued to  dominate the world short course championships Friday, claiming  five gold medals without the help of Michael Phelps after he  was forced out of the meeting with an injured back.
Son Seeks to Persuade Cambodian King Not to Quit  PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk  appears determined to retire, his son said on Saturday before  heading to Beijing in a bid to persuade the 81-year-old monarch  to change his mind about abdicating.
Jimenez edges Kingston in Hong Kong Ryder Cup star Miguel Angel Jimenez continued his love affair with Asia as he kept his nerve to take a one-stroke victory at the \$800 000 Hong Kong Open on Sunday.
Colombia Seeks Help Demobilizing Militias (AP) AP - Colombian government officials said Friday they need support from the international community to assist in the planned demobilization of thousands of right-wing paramilitary fighters.
Bush and Kerry Put on a Lively Show (AP) AP - Friday's rematch between President Bush and John Kerry proved to be a livelier affair, and a more revealing show, than their first debate.
Bush and Kerry Trade Attacks in Their Second Presidential Debate President Bush defended his decision to invade Iraq, while John Kerry said that Mr. Bush lacked the record to justify re-election.
Report Cites U.S. Profits in Sale of Iraqi Oil Under Hussein U.S. oil companies received lucrative vouchers that enabled them to buy Iraqi oil under the U.N. oil-for-food program.
Official: British Hostage Tried to Escape BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...
Yanks Beat Twins 8-4 to Take Playoff Lead MINNEAPOLIS - Kevin Brown already apologized to the New York Yankees for his foolish injury. This was an even better way to make up for it...
Churches launch climate campaign Church leaders have begun a campaign to curb climate change, by reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Job creation falls short of forecasts The nation added 96,000 jobs in September, a weaker-than-expected figure that could play a pivotal role in the presidential election.
28,000 lives may be about to change ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- Sitting at the front of US Bankruptcy Court, surrounded by US Airways #39; managers and high-priced lawyers, Chief Executive Officer Bruce Lakefield looked nervous, almost embarrassed.
Dell Drops 15 GB Dell DJ To US\$149, 20 GB for US\$195 Dell has taken an aggressive pricing strategy in its competition with Apple in the music player space. Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox reported in his blog today that Dell has dropped pricing on the 15 
Socceroos on Honiara goal spree Frank Farina #39;s new look Australian attack fired the Socceroos to a 4-0 half-time lead over Solomon Islands in their their Confederations Cup qualifier in Honiara this afternoon.
Notebook: Dodgers say Bradley won #39;t be disciplined Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be disciplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
Afghans vote in presidential poll Around 100-thousand armed security personnel, including 27-thousand foreign troops from a US-led coalition and NATO, have been deployed to protect more than 10 million registered voters.
Chinese paper says Chirac #39;s China tour magnifies partnership Dialogue between China and France, two countries which highly value cultural diversity and pluralism in international politics, is no doubt conducive to world peace, China #39;s 
Mars rovers find new signs of water Mars rovers have found new evidence that water was once plentiful in the hills and plains of the now-barren Red Planet. After discovering the plains where it landed was once a 
NASA worker charged with fake inspections A veteran NASA safety inspector appeared in court Friday in Florida to answer charges that he filed false reports of checks on the space shuttle.
Voting begins in Afghanistan VOTING began in Afghanistan today for the first direct presidential election in the country #39;s history. Some 10.5 million registered voters are eligible to select a president from a total of 18 candidates.
A Look at Presidential Debate Topics (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the issues at Friday's debate:
Best Defense: More Offense In the debate, John Kerry was on the offensive on topics like tax cuts in wartime, prescription drug imports and the deficit.
Stewart Enters Prison She arrived at 6.15 am, Friday at the Alderson Federal Prison Camp, according to an announcement by the US Bureau of Prisons. She put out the news first, on her Marthatalks.
AT amp;T to take \$1.1 bn charge AT amp;T, the US telecommunications group, yesterday said it will take a restructuring charge of about \$1.1 billion in the third quarter mainly to cover the cost of about 7,000 job cuts and revalue downward its assets by \$11.
Business news briefs: 10/9/04 It may be up to Pittsburgh shoppers to determine if consumer electronics retailer Circuit City continues its foray into the eBay drop-off business.
Stoddart warns new team AUSTRALIAN Paul Stoddart has warned the owners of a potential new Formula One team to be prepared for a long, tough haul in the sport.
No. 24 LSU at No. 12 Florida Coaches: Ron Zook is 19-11 in his third year at UF; Nick Saban is 42-15 in his fifth year at LSU and 85-41-1 in his 11th year overall.
Sales provides knockout punch for Sun Six-time WNBA all-star Nykesha Sales and the Connecticut Sun are heading to the WNBA championship finals after beating the New York Liberty last Friday and last Saturday in the best two out of three games for the WNBA Eastern Conference Championship.
Earnhardt Jr. says punishment harsh Kansas City, Kan. - Dale Earnhardt Jr. said Friday that he should have been punished for using profanity in victory lane last week at Talladega Superspeedway but taking 25 points wasn #39;t the proper thing to do.
World ; Polling for President starts in war-torn Afghanistan World News, KABUL - Voting began in Afghanistan Saturday for the first direct presidential election in the countrys history. Some 10.
Russia, India vow to fight terror (AFP) AFP - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov pledged that his country would cooperate with India in the fight against global terrorism.
Former Mexican Police Official Arrested (AP) AP - Federal agents arrested a former government security agent on charges of kidnapping a leftist rebel in 1975, the second former official to arrested in the disappearance of Jesus Piedra.
Pakistan's Abbas 'honoured' to enter hockey Hall of Fame (AFP) AFP - Pakistan's penalty-corner expert Sohail Abbas said he was honoured to enter field hockey's Hall of Fame after he set a new world record for most goals.
Voting Begins in Tight Australia Election (AP) AP - Australians voted in parliamentary elections Saturday with Prime Minister John Howard and his Labor Party challenger in a virtual dead heat, following a campaign that focused more on the economy and social programs than on Howard's decision to send troops to Iraq.
Regular Folks Question the Candidates (AP) AP - They wondered if Sen. John Kerry really is too wishy-washy, how he would protect America from another terrorist attack and whether he wants to raise taxes on the middle class. They challenged President Bush to find three mistakes he's made, to say how he'd heal anti-American aggravation in the world and to rate his environmental record.
Microsoft examines yet another flaw Microsoft Corp. is investigating yet another critical flaw in one of its products, this time in two versions of its popular word processing software, Microsoft Word 2000 and Word 2002.
The Charleston Gazette: Inspiring Amid all the warfare, suicide bombing, political vitriol and other ugly aspects of life, itsa joy when the yearly Nobel Prizes show humanity at its finest.
Russia stays Yukos execution for three months (AFP) AFP - Yukos won a stay of execution when a Russian official said its main production unit will have three months to scrape up cash to cover a crushing tax bill that could otherwise bury the wounded oil giant.
A race-day washout? The FIA has already cancelled todays activities at Suzuka as Super Typhoon Ma-On heads towards the 5.807km circuit. Saturday practice has been cancelled altogether while pre-qualifying and final qualifying 
Red Sox back in ALCS and on a mission (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox fans know all too well of past failure, but there #39;s a different aura this year, and it seems their long-standing curse of not winning a World Series since 1918 may finally disappear.
Yanks Beat Twins 8-4 to Take Playoff Lead MINNEAPOLIS Oct. 9, 2004 - Backed by Derek Jeter #39;s three RBIs and a relentless offense, Kevin Brown threw six strong innings to lead the New York Yankees past the frustrated Minnesota Twins 8-4 on Friday 
UN council passes anti-terror resolution The UN Security Council unanimously passed a tough new anti-terrorism resolution yesterday aimed at stemming attacks against civilians by denying terrorists safe havens, weapons, financial resources and freedom of movement.
Pakistan bans meetings after car bomb kills 40 ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - The authorities announced a nationwide ban on all political and religious meetings except Friday Prayers after a car bombing early Thursday in the central city of Multan killed 40 people and wounded at least 100.
Playing a different role (model) Heisman Trophy hopeful Cedric Benson of Texas grew up idolizing Ricky Williams. Oklahoma freshman force Adrian Peterson is more of an Emmitt Smith man.
Live: India v Australia Australia took complete control of the first Test on day three in Bangalore, building a lead of 355 over India. India were bowled out for 246, adding 110 for the last three wickets with Parthiv Patel making a patient 46.
Australian Voters Head to Polls  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australians voted Saturday in an  election which offered the choice between a conservative  government that unreservedly backs the United States and its  Iraq war and a Labor opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
Yanks Beat Twins 8-4 to Take Playoff Lead MINNEAPOLIS - Backed by Derek Jeter's three RBIs and a relentless offense, Kevin Brown threw six strong innings to lead the New York Yankees past the frustrated Minnesota Twins 8-4 on Friday night for a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five AL first-round series.    Brown shrugged off back pain and put his broken hand behind him...
INVESTCORP BID WINS THOMSON In a move that caught the publishing world by surprise, an underdog bidder defeated the likes of media bigwigs Bruce Wasserstein, Robert Krakoff and Jimmy 
Valley  amp; state business briefs R. David Martin, the chief financial officer of Action Performance Cos., abruptly resigned Friday, as the Tempe-based company said it wanted to go in a different direction.
Meanwhile in a typhoon The Formula 1 circus spent Saturday morning holed up in various hotels in the Suzuka area, a number of people nursing sore heads after a little too much time off on Friday night.
Try Another Day Moments after the Twins lost 8-4 to the Yankees on Friday, to fall behind 2-1 in the best of five American League Division Series, manager Ron Gardenhire walked through a silent clubhouse.
Lawmakers Move Toward Deal on Storm Aid (AP) AP - House-Senate bargainers neared agreement Friday on an election-season  #36;14.7 billion package of aid for East Coast hurricane victims and drought-stricken farmers, participants said.
96,000 jobs added in US in September US employers added 96,000 jobs last month, a tepid performance that disappointed Wall Street markets but was strong enough to keep the unemployment rate from rising above 5.4 percent.
Ruling means Hollinger can #39;t recover \$1.25 billion from execs Chicago Sun-Times owner Hollinger International saw its plan to recover \$1.25 billion from former executives crumble on Friday, as a federal judge threw out the company #39;s racketeering lawsuit against the group.
CNBC #39;s Rukeyser to end weekly show Television #39;s dean of financial news, Louis Rukeyser, is giving up his CNBC show  quot;Louis Rukeyser #39;s Wall Street. quot;.
Mars Rovers Planners Plot Crater  #39;Escape #39; LOS ANGELES Oct. 7, 2004 - NASA #39;s Mars rovers don #39;t seem to be wearing out, so mission planners have begun to think more boldly including a plan to let one climb up a steep slope from a crater it has been exploring to set out across a plain.
The Back Page - Fool vs. Fool: Apple is Rotten and Macs Suck, So &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; I always enjoy The Motley Fool #39;s Fool vs. Fool debates over a stock, especially when it #39;s Apple they #39;re talking about.
Hanson completes 50m quinella OLYMPIC silver medallist Brooke Hanson led an Australian quinella in the 50 metres breaststroke final at the world shortcourse win titles at Indianapolis today.
Aching Damon remains a sparkplug Although Boston Red Sox outfielder Johnny Damon admits to having problems with migraine headaches and a stiff neck, you #39;d never know it.
Cal #39;s epic at Troy Bee Staff Writer. They don #39;t just remember the scores. They remember the plays, the turning tides, the goal-line stands, the masses rushing onto the field at Cal #39;s Memorial Stadium.
Aussies lead by 432 runs Australia lost three more wickets as they look to extend their lead against India on the fourth day of the first Test in Bangalore.
Nobel to first African woman WHEN Wangari Maathai got word she had won the Nobel Peace Prize, she was busy with the work that earned her the prestigious award - campaigning to protect Kenya #39;s forests and distributing food to hungry constituents suffering from drought.
Australia goes to the polls Australia #39;s 13 million voters have begun choosing a new government with the opposition Labor Party pinning any hope of victory on a late surge of  quot;undecideds quot; swinging their way.
UN adopts resolution to intensify global anti-terror campaign The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution on Friday calling on states to strengthen cooperation in the fight against terrorism, including extraditing 
Piracy Bill's Language Protects DVD Movie Filters (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It's acceptable for consumers to use software that edits out nudity or bad language from a DVD movie -- but they had better leave the commercials and promotional announcements in, according to legislation adopted by the House of Representatives this week.
A Low-Key Migration (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Change is coming for AT T Wireless's 21.7 million customers -- although they wouldn't know it from watching the company's commercials or shopping in its stores.
Ask Matt A: Apple #39;s digital music player, which uses a high-capacity hard drive to store music, has truly become a pop-culture touchstone.
Beon Media #39;s GalleryPlayer a no-show Just two weeks ago, Beon Media founder Scott Lipsky was touting a partnership with Microsoft that he said would help the 27-person company distribute famous photographs, artwork and other digital images to thousands of computers and flat screen televisions 
Twins #39; Santana to start Game 4 on short rest Johan Santana is ready to start against the New York Yankees on short rest. The left-hander told Minnesota Twins pitching coach Rick Anderson on Friday that 
Tennis: Davenport reaches semis with win over Jankovic Lindsay Davenport reached her 12th semi-final of the year on Friday, with a 6-4, 6-3 win over Jelena Jankovic at the WTA Grand Prix event in Filderstadt, Germany.
Australia crush Solomon Islands MELBOURNE: Josip Skoko scored twice to help Australia crush Solomon Islands 5-1 in their Oceania Confederations Cup first-leg qualifier in Honiara today.
US expects tough test in El Salvador The US men #39;s national soccer team, holding a slim lead atop the CONCACAF region #39;s Group 1, faces a tricky test today as it meets an El Salvador team battling to stay alive.
Golf Capsules England #39;s David Howell holed a 105-yard shot for an eagle Friday and finished with a 7-under 65 to take a one-stroke lead over Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald after the second round of the Dunhill Links Championship.
Kenyan president congratulates Maathai for winning Nobel Peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki on Friday congratulated Wangari Maathai, the assistant minister for environment and natural resources, for becoming the first African woman to win 
 #39;Piano Teacher #39; author wins Nobel Prize Austrian writer Elfriede Jelinek, a reclusive author whose feminism, leftist politics and pacifism are common themes in her works, won the Nobel Prize in literature Thursday for what the Swedish Academy called her  quot;musical flow of voices and counter 
US warplane fires at insurgents planting a roadside bomb in Sadr &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A US warplane struck three suspected insurgents as they planted an artillery shell on a street in Baghdad #39;s northeastern Shiite district of Sadr City on Friday, a military spokesman said.
Kerry and Bush Face Off Over War, Jobs ST. LOUIS - President Bush and John Kerry sprinted back to the campaign trail, trying to build on their performances in an argumentative second debate that saw the presidential candidates colliding over war, jobs, education, health care, abortion, the environment and prescription drugs...
Boeing tanker backers hope to save deal Supporters of an Air Force plan to buy 100 aerial tankers from The Boeing Co. insisted yesterday they could salvage the troubled deal, even as Congress moved to kill it and federal investigators continue to 
Sci/Tech ; Google search via mobiles Sci/Tech News, SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc. announced a new test service that allows people to use mobile phones or handheld devices to tap Google #39;s Web search via text messages, or short message service.
Even in defeat, Seattle gains confidence But to play as feebly as it did for about 35 minutes last night in Game 1 of the WNBA Finals and lose by only four points -- on the road, no less -- has to be the best confidence builder since Cindy St.
India,Sports ; Cricket: Ind-Aus test match day four: Australia 204 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Adam Gilchrist (26) and Shane Warne then put on a valuable partnership which was finally broken by Anil Kumble, Chopra taking the catch.
Major polio vaccination blitz launched in Africa GENEVA - Polio vaccinators set out on camels, boats and on foot Friday to immunize 80 million children under age five in 23 African countries.
Martha checks into big house Martha Stewart reported to prison before sunrise yesterday to begin serving a five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale, slipping all-but-unnoticed past waiting supporters and reporters.
Report shows sluggish job growth Employment grew by 96,000 jobs last month, the Labor Department reported Friday, well below the level needed to keep pace with the expansion in the labor force and presenting a weak picture 
Sales tax deduction revived Washington taxpayers will be able to deduct their state sales taxes from their federal income taxes if the US Senate votes this weekend to approve a major tax overhaul.
Peirsol wins 100 backstroke; Phelps withdraws INDIANAPOLIS  Aaron Peirsol, who swept the backstroke events at the Athens Olympics, won the 100-meter backstroke at the Short Course World Championships on Friday night.
GP qualifying bumped Qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix scheduled for today was postponed yesterday because of a typhoon. Race organizers and Formula One moved pre-qualifying and qualifying to 
Howell grabs Dunhill lead ST. ANDREWS, Scotland  England #39;s David Howell highlighted his round with an eagle Friday to take a one-stroke lead over compatriot and Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald after two rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship.
Suns #39; sleight of hand puts Storm #39;s Jackson off her game UNCASVILLE, Conn. - Hands on her hips, her shoulders slightly pinched forward, Seattle #39;s Lauren Jackson stood stoically in front of her bench, waiting through the seemingly interminable commercials before the start of the second half.
NL playoffs: Sticks need wakeup call in Braves vs. Astros series The Atlanta Braves and Houston Astros hope Texas will be the swing state in their National League division series after both teams #39; bats resembled toothpicks for much of Games 1 and 2 in Atlanta.
Polls Show Tight Contest in Australia SYDNEY, Australia Oct. 9, 2004 - Australians voted Saturday on whether to hold onto their three-term conservative government and keep their troops in Iraq, or choose the opposition Labor Party and endorse 
Israeli officials blame al-Qaida for blasts at Sinai tourist sites Rescuers dug through the rubble of a luxury hotel on Egypt #39;s Sinai Peninsula yesterday as the confirmed death stood at 24, with about 100 people 
Cambodian prince to implore King not to step down Cambodia #39;s Prince Norodom Ranariddh left on Saturday for Beijing to implore his ailing father, the king, to reverse his decision to abdicate.
It hurt him to sit out The Streak started without him. In fact, it began while Ted Johnson languished on the injured list, what he described as  quot;a lonely place. quot;
A Red Sox sweep for the ages  In one of the most electrifying moments in the history of a ballpark that's almost older than household electricity, slugger David Ortiz last night propelled the wild-and-crazy Red Sox into the American League Championship Series with a 10th-inning, first-pitch, two-out, two-run, walkoff homer into the seats above Fenway Park's left-field wall.
No wonder it was over so quickly How much sweeter for the Nation to contemplate only the second sweep in postseason history by the Red Sox, the first since perhaps the most beloved Sox team in the last 30 years, the Sox of Pudge and Yaz and Looie and Lynn and Evans swept the A's in the 1975 American League Championship Series, than to ponder the implications ...
On short rest, it's all up to Santana It's now up to the ace to extend the Twins' season. Putative Cy Young winner Johan Santana will get the call and the ball today, working on only three days' rest to keep Minnesota alive in their Division Series with the Yankees.
Gloves were helping hands Red Sox third base coach Dale Sveum has taken a lot of heat this season for getting base runners thrown out at the plate, but you can't diss him for his other duty -- coaching the infield defense.
Call to lefty wasn't right one Jarrod Washburn is a starter by trade, not a closer, a man more accustomed to easing his way into games rather than nailing doors shut. Early in his career, the Angels lefthander saw his share of the relief biz, and it was just enough for him to know it wasn't really his calling.
On the brink, Dodgers left to lean on Lima He sings, he dances. He serves as the Dodgers' unofficial cheerleader, racing nonstop around the dugout and constantly pumping his teammates up. Most important, Jose Lima pitches -- and very well at Dodger Stadium.
Gorin is next in line After the Patriots placed Adrian Klemm (foot) on injured reserve Wednesday, the situation at tackle became such that Brandon Gorin will likely see his role expanded after being inactive for the first two games of the season.
Whalen, Sun off to bright start Lindsay Whalen made the most of the biggest game of her professional career. The rookie guard led the Connecticut Sun to a 68-64 victory over the Seattle Storm last night in the opening game of the WNBA Finals.
Beating Oklahoma would be OK with the Longhorns When it happens, somehow it will change. It will change by making the remainder of the season more meaningful, extending the dreams of a BCS bowl bid, which is what it's all about at the highest level of college football.
First-rate effort lifts Northeastern Northeastern sparkled in its 2004-05 hockey debut last night, stunning Michigan, 4-2, at the Lefty McFadden Invitational in Dayton, Ohio.
Avenging loss to Cal the No. 1 priority for USC USC has waited a year for this. The top-ranked Trojans get a chance to avenge their only defeat since October 2002 when they face No. 7 California today before a sellout crowd of 92,000.
Huskies are running with a limp Northeastern coach Rocky Hager has employed a running back by committee with some success this season. Yet when the Huskies host Villanova today in an Atlantic 10 showdown, Hager will be forced to take another approach -- running back by availability.
Howell leads at Dunhill England's David Howell highlighted his round with an eagle yesterday to take a one-stroke lead over compatriot and Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald after two rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship at St. Andrews, Scotland.
Media maven begins five-month sentence NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Martha Stewart entered a minimum security federal prison in West Virginia shortly after 6 am Friday to begin her five-month sentence for lying to investigators about her sale of ImClone stock.
Sirius Satellite, on Heels of Stern Deal Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. Friday followed its signing of radio shock jock #39; #39; Howard Stern by announcing an offering of stock and bonds that would raise \$290 million.
Bank of America to Slash 4,500 Jobs CHARLOTTE, NC Oct. 7, 2004 - Bank of America Corp. said Thursday that it plans to cut about 2.5 percent of its work force, eliminating about 4,500 jobs as part of a restructuring following its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
CNBC host Rukeyser says he won #39;t return to program Louis Rukeyser, host of financial news network CNBC #39;s  quot;Louis Rukeyser #39;s Wall Street, quot; said he won #39;t return to the weekly program following his treatment for cancer.
General Electric Posts Higher Profit Diversified manufacturer and financial services company General Electric Co. posted third-quarter earnings in line with Wall Street expectations on Friday, as revenue rose 15 percent on higher industrial sales 
Pressure-packed SEC Few coaches have endured the public scrutiny that has clouded Ron Zook #39;s tenure at Florida. From the moment his hiring became official, Zook was ostracized by fans and the media.
Paterno impressed by Purdue STATE COLLEGE -- This weekend, Joe Paterno will reach another astonishing milestone, notching game No. 457 as the head coach at Penn State and moving into a second place tie on the all-time list with the legendary Glenn Pop Warner.
France to reinforce security after explosion in Paris French Interior Minister Dominique deVillepin announced Friday that France is to reinforce security in sensible places, especially around embassies after the explosion near the Indonesian embassy in Paris.
Duo holds fate of Man U London - US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer was trying to win over Manchester United #39;s two key Irish shareholders in his bid to buy the English soccer club, but had not yet entered serious talks with them, sources familiar with the situation said yesterday.
MySQL To Use Open-Source Microsoft Toolset (TechWeb) TechWeb - The next release of the MyQSL database server will include a Windows installer based on an open-source toolset released by Microsoft.
EU Concludes Talks with Vietnam on WTO (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union has concluded talks\with Vietnam on its entry into the World Trade Organization,\clearing a major hurdle in the Southeast Asian country's\attempts to join the group by 2005.
Fate of US Iraq war ally hangs in balance as Australians vote (AFP) AFP - Australians have gone to the polls in national elections that will decide if their country remains in Iraq as staunch allies of the United States or pulls out by Christmas to switch its international focus to engagement with Asia.
Two Chinese Engineers Kidnapped in Pakistan  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Two Chinese engineers working at a  hydro-electric project in Pakistan have been kidnapped in a  region where security forces have been hunting militants linked  to al Qaeda, officials said Saturday.
Job growth sluggish in September The US economy experienced another month of disappointing job growth in September, adding to the trend of lackluster hiring that has made this one of the weakest labor market recoveries in modern history.
CEO defends Merck on Vioxx Merck  amp; Co.'s chairman and chief executive Raymond Gilmartin yesterday defended his firm's handling of earlier health warnings about Vioxx and said he was  quot;stunned quot; when he learned two weeks ago that a Merck clinical trial had confirmed the drug could cause strokes and heart attacks.
Partner rejects Chiofaro's plan International Place developer Donald J. Chiofaro's ownership partner said in federal bankruptcy court yesterday that it would never agree to the reorganization plan that Chiofaro has proposed to stave off a takeover of the towers by Tishman Speyer Properties of New York.
Convention bookings The National Association of Chain Drug Stores has booked six of its conventions between 2007 and 2011 at the Boston Convention  amp; Exhibition Center, the \$800 million South Boston facility that opened in April. The group will hold its Marketplace Conference and Pharmacy and Technology Conference at the center in 2007, 2009 and 2011. A total of 25,000 attendees are ...
SEC deepens Krispy Kreme inquiry The Securities and Exchange Commission has escalated its investigation of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. to a formal inquiry, the company said yesterday.
Ellison tells court Oracle may lower bid for PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. chief executive Larry Ellison testified yesterday that the business software maker is leaning toward lowering its \$7.7 billion bid for rival PeopleSoft Inc. , a shift that might create another snag in the takeover tug-of-war.
Invesco, 2 other Amvescap units settle charges Invesco Funds Group Inc. and two other mutual-fund units of Amvescap LLC will pay \$375 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges of helping favored investors engage in improper mutual-fund trading.
Corporate tax bill hits hurdle in Senate The drive to pass a \$136 billion corporate tax bill hit a roadblock in the Senate yesterday when lawmakers upset about tobacco regulation, new overtime rules, and combat pay employed delaying tactics to keep the measure from coming up for a vote.
Dozens missing after blasts in Egypt EILAT, Israel -- Rescue workers yesterday searched the wreckage of an Egyptian hotel for more than three dozen people still missing after three coordinated bomb attacks that killed about 30 Israeli tourists and Egyptians at two vacation resorts on the Red Sea.
Security Council focuson Sudan urged by US UNITED NATIONS Washington wants the UN Security Council to meet next month at the site of peace talks in Kenya between rebels in southern Sudan and Khartoum's government, US Ambassador John Danforth said yesterday. Such a meeting would underline how important nailing down a peace deal in southern Sudan is to reaching overall peace across the vast northeast African nation, ...
Despite fears of attacks at polls, 'resilient' Afghans ready to vote KABUL, Afghanistan -- A day before Afghanistan's historic presidential election, Captain Jacob Larkowich's US infantry company took up positions on a hilltop next to the Intercontinental Hotel, looking out over the dusty capital for puffs of smoke and bracing to rush to the scene of any bombing.
23-nation inoculation push in Africa aims to eradicate polio JOHANNESBURG -- Health workers across west and central Africa began a 23-country polio immunization campaign yesterday to reach more than 80 million children in the next several days. The undertaking is part of an international effort to eradicate the disease by next year.
al-Qaida Blamed in Egypt Blasts; 30 Dead TABA, Egypt - Investigators searched for evidence to support Israeli suspicions that al-Qaida, rather than Palestinian militant groups, was responsible for three bombings targeting Red Sea resorts filled with Israeli tourists.    Rescuers pulled more bodies late Friday from the wreckage of the five-star Taba Hilton, where a car full of explosives crashed into the lobby...
Bradley won #39;t be disciplined LOS ANGELES  Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be disciplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
Beating Oklahoma would be OK with the Longhorns When it happens, somehow it will change. It will change by making the remainder of the season more meaningful, extending the dreams of a BCS bowl 
Nobel winner thanks her ancestors The dance troupe at the Outspan Hotel at the foot of Mount Kenya lost both its audience and its rhythm on Friday, when it was upstaged by tearful eco-warrior Wangari Maathai, delighted at being named this year #39;s winner of the Nobel Peace Prize.
Kidnappers behead British hostage Iraqi kidnappers have beheaded a British man who was seized last month, his family said yesterday, ending what one relative called  #39; #39;three long weeks of agony.
A seer in Austria THE AUSTRIAN writer Elfriede Jelinek has won the 2004 Nobel Prize in literature. The Swedish Academy cited her  quot;musical flow of voices and countervoices in novels and plays that with extraordinary linguistic 
First UK Secy Says Sorry Over Iraq War London, Oct. 9 (NNN): The British Trade and Industry Secretary Patricia Hewitt has said sorry for the blunders over intelligence used to justify the Iraq war, becoming the first member of the Government to do so.
U.N. to Allow Caviar Exports, but Quota Is Cut The wildlife protection arm of the United Nations announced Friday that it would allow Caspian Sea countries to export caviar, though at lower levels than in 2003.
International Briefs SRINAGAR, India - A roadside bomb killed 10 Indian soldiers and their civilian driver yesterday in Indian-controlled Kashmir in separatist guerrillas #39; most devastating attack since India #39;s government began withdrawing troops from the disputed region last 
Two Palestinians Killed in Gaza Gunbattle (AP) AP - A lengthy gunbattle erupted Saturday morning between Palestinians militants and Israeli troops just outside the Gaza town of Beit Hanoun, killing two Palestinians, according to medical officials.
Historic opening day for Holyrood Thousands of people are expected to turn out to celebrate the official opening of Scotland's new parliament.
Plenty of Flaws Among the Facts President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry disagreed vigorously last night as they tossed out plenty of numbers, and both demonstrated a talent for relying on facts and assertions of questionable origin.
Iraq Disk Prompted Warning to Schools The FBI advised officials in as many as eight cities last month to tighten security after U.S. soldiers in Iraq seized computer disks containing information about those towns' school systems.
Krispy Kreme inquiry intensifies The company said that federal regulators have intensified their inquiry into the company #39;s business practices from an informal to a formal investigation, raising the possibility of embarrassing and expensive penalties down the line.
Final terms detailed on Invesco accord Colorado Attorney General Ken Salazar on Friday announced final terms of a settlement over abusive trading practices at the defunct Invesco Funds Group and its sister company AIM Investments.
Ravens' Lewis Suspended for Two Games (AP) AP - Jamal Lewis will serve prison time, miss two games, and pay a princely sum for attempting to set up a drug deal four years ago.
Hometown Boy Backe Gets Start for Astros (AP) AP - Learning to hate the Atlanta Braves was easy for Brandon Backe. He grew up a Houston Astros fan.
Paper: Strzelczyk Likely Had Breakdown (AP) AP - Former Pittsburgh Steelers lineman Justin Strzelczyk probably suffered a mental breakdown before he led New York state troopers on a highway chase that ended in the fiery head-on crash that killed him, according to a newspaper.
Frenzied fans pack Dome to see Twins There are a few more souvenir stands, quite a few more merchandise stands and a little different feeling among the fans at the Metrodome.
Red Sox sweep Angels BOSTON -- David Ortiz homered in the 10th inning Friday to send the Boston Red Sox to their second consecutive American League championship series, completing a three-game sweep of the Anaheim Angels with an 8-6 victory.
Cejka moves into contention in Las Vegas European Tour Member Alex Cejka gave himself the opportunity for his first victory on the US PGA Tour when he moved into a tie for second place at the halfway stage of the Michelin Championship, on the TPC at Summerlin course in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Cards Hope Morris Can Close Out Dodgers (AP) AP - Matt Morris went from longtime ace of the St. Louis Cardinals' pitching staff to the middle of their rotation in the first round of the playoffs.
Wimbledon Champ Sharapova Wins Japan Open (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova overpowered Mashona Washington 6-0, 6-1 on Saturday to win the Japan Open for the second straight year.
Levi, Hall Share Champions Tour Lead (AP) AP - Wayne Levi would like to get a winning streak going. To do that, he'll have to stop Craig Stadler's run. Levi matched his best round on the Champions Tour, and Walter Hall had his lowest score of the year  #151; shooting 8-under-par 64s  #151; Friday to share the first-round lead in the Administaff Small Business Classic.
Clipper offense takes spotlight Carrying a scoreless streak deep into October isn't one of the easier tasks to carry out on a gridiron.
BC High gets back on track For three sloppy quarters, retirement couldn't come soon enough for BC High football coach Jim Cotter. But the final 11 minutes of the game showed why it will be tough for the 41-year veteran to walk away after this season. The Eagles scored twice in the last quarter, including a 3-yard touchdown run by Mike Duffy with 1:34 ...
Rams subdue Prep Once is a fluke. Twice is a coincidence. A third time would be a trend, and that's something St. John's Prep coach Jim O'Leary desperately wants to avoid after his Eagles were shut out for the second game in a row in a 40-0 loss to Marshfield yesterday.
Jets ride second-half express On any given Friday, a team's hopes can be crushed or created. The AJJ Express (Aaron Flythe, Jimmy Yarde, and Julius  quot;Juice quot; Williams) made it another TGIF for East Boston yesterday, leading the Jets over West Roxbury, 24-12, to stay atop the Boston North.
Symonds anticipates potential classic race in Japan The extreme weather conditions have forced all the F1 teams to adapt this weekend. Pat Symonds thinks the result could well be an extremely exciting race
Four Palestinians killed in Gaza Four Palestinians are reported killed in the Gaza Strip - two of them policemen hit in an Israeli missile strike.
GE lights up as its sales explode General Electric brought a strong economy to life yesterday. The nation #39;s largest company, which by its presence in such a variety of businesses is considered a proxy for the broad economy, reported profit rose 11 to \$4.
Howard tipped to win as polls open A relaxed Prime Minister John Howard ignored taunts and jeers of  quot;liar, liar quot; as he cast his vote in Sydney on Saturday in an Australian election tipped to see him win a fourth term of government.
Egypt frees Israeli in prisoner swap Egypt yesterday freed an Israeli convicted of spying, in exchange for the release of six Egyptian detainees in a prisoner swap that signaled warmer ties between the countries.
Boeing 767 deal on path to defeat Congress may kill the Air Force #39;s plan to lease refueling tankers from the Boeing Co. By Bryan Corliss. Congress appears poised to reject the Boeing Co.
Dell recalls 4M laptop adapters for fire risk Dell, the world #39;s largest seller of personal computers, recalled 4.4 million notebook computer power adapters because they may catch fire.
Invesco, 2 other Amvescap units settle charges Invesco Funds Group Inc. and two other mutual-fund units of Amvescap LLC will pay \$375 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges 
Intel collaborates with Nokia and Symbian to help deliver Series &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Intel Corporation, Nokia Corporation and Symbian Ltd. has announced a collaboration to bring smartphones based on the Nokia Series 60 Platform to market using Intel technology, as part of Intel #39;s recent membership 
NFL: JAMAL #39;S HEADING FOR JAIL but only after the NFL season ends. The Baltimore Ravens star will serve four months in a tough federal jail and two months in a halfway 
She told mom: I was raped She seemed distraught when she came home from the hotel, but didn #39;t want to talk about it. By the next morning, she had changed her mind and called her mother at work and told her to come home.
A pathfinder in Kenya THE NOBEL Peace Prize committee this year stretched beyond the political crises of the day to address two enduring sources of conflict: environmental degradation and oppression of women.
Strong Quake Shakes Philippine Capital MANILA, Philippines - A major earthquake shook Manila on Friday night, sending high rises swaying, knocking out power to some areas and sending frightened residents into the streets.
Cambodian leader to beg king to stay on throne Cambodia #39;s national assembly president left for China on Saturday to beg King Norodom Sihanouk to change his mind about abdicating, but left open the option of a new monarch being appointed.
65 passengers wounded as a plane skids off Bangladesh airport: World News: Dhaka, Oct 8 (ANI)- A passenger plane of Biman Bangladesh Airlines skidded off the runway at northeastern Sylhet Osmani International Airport on Friday, leaving most of its 79 passengers on board wounded, according to officials.
Two Chinese engineers feared kidnapped in Pakistani tribal region DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan - Two Chinese engineers went missing Saturday in a remote Pakistani tribal region near the border with Afghanistan and may have been kidnapped, police said.
Car bomb kills at least 20 in Pakistan A car bomb exploded at a gathering of Islamic radicals in the central Pakistan city of Multan early Thursday, killing at least 20 people and injuring dozens, police said.
Bush says finding bin Laden is not main aim of war on terror (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush said that finding Osama bin Laden is not the principle aim of the war on terror.
Afghan Opposition Boycotting Election KABUL, Afghanistan - All 15 candidates running against interim Afghan leader Hamid Karzai signed an agreement Saturday boycotting the vote because of what they say is widespread fraud, and say they will not recognize the election results.    The announcement was read out after a meeting of candidates and their representatives at the home of Abdul Satar Sirat, an Uzbek who is an ex-aide to Afghanistan's last king...
Oil price hits airlines PARIS -- Airlines the world over are raising fares to offset rising oil prices that threaten to choke off a gradual recovery in air travel and pile more woes on struggling carriers.
Japanese GP escapes  #39;Ma-on #39; typhoon Fears that a typhoon could disrupt Sunday #39;s Japanese Grand Prix subsided as the storm passed Suzuka without causing damage on Saturday.
No rest for Roger, Astros At age 42, Roger Clemens has done it all for the Astros this season. Tomorrow, he will do something he hasn #39;t done all season - pitch on three days #39; rest.
Four Palestinians killed in Gaza Four Palestinian men are reported to have been killed in the latest violence in the Gaza Strip. Two were killed in Beit Hanoun in north Gaza in what Palestinians described to Reuters news agency as a clash between Israeli troops and Hamas militants.
PM delays Euro trip for dead sailor Prime Minister Paul Martin has delayed his European tour so he can be in Halifax tomorrow when the body of Lieut. Chris Saunders arrives back in Canada.
Judge turns down AMD request for Intel documents AMD HAS failed in its most recent attempt to force Intel to disclose documents relating to an antitrust investigation to European Commission investigators.
New space travel era A MANNED rocket ship, financed entirely with private funds, reached the edge of space on Monday. The spaceship #39;s builders and backers say the project #39;s success marks a new age for commercial space tourism and travel.
United States dominates short-course swimming worlds American swimmers continued their dominance in the world short course championships in Indianapolis on Friday, winning five of the eight gold medals on offer without the help of injured Michael Phelps.
AL Playoffs: Ortiz finishes sweep Perilously close to being on the wrong side of a 1986 ALCS-in-reverse, the Red Sox got their biggest home run of the year from their most clutch performer of the past two seasons.
Rossi sets record time WORLD champion Valentino Rossi took pole position at the Malaysian Grand Prix with a record lap time in Sepang today while bitter rival Sete Gibernau was relegated to the second row.
Dress for success, especially at your sentencing C #39;mon dawg, not in court. That #39;s all I could say when I saw big ol #39; Jamal Lewis standing on the courthouse steps in Atlanta with a huge diamond in each earlobe after being sentenced on drug conspiracy charges.
Chirac #39;s visit sure to boost Sino-French strategic partnership &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; French President Jacques Chirac #39;s China visit is sure to boost Sino-French all-round strategic partnership, Chinese Vice President Zeng Qinghong said here Saturday.
Typhoon Ma-On Strikes Japan, May Hit Tokyo Two people were missing as powerful typhoon Ma-on made landfall on Japan on Saturday, lashing the nation with heavy rains and high winds, snarling transport and prompting thousands to evacuate.
2 Chinese kidnapped in Pakistan, rescue underway Two Chinese engineers and their Pakistani guard were kidnapped early Saturday in Pakistan #39;s South Waziristan tribal area and the rescue work was underway, said a senior Chinese diplomat.
Carroll added to BAA field Three-time Irish Olympian Mark Carroll, a former Providence College star, has been added to the field for tomorrow's Boston Athletic Association Half Marathon.
Harrington loses out PADRAIG Harrington was left with yet another runners-up finish to his name yesterday as Ryder Cup team-mate Miguel Angel Jimenez pipped him to the Omega Hong Kong Open title.
No go for Mitsubishi Fuso buses because of faulty seats TOKYO - Japan #39;s Transport Ministry has urged bus operators across the country to idle all buses made by scandal-hit Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation, after passengers were injured by faulty seats that suddenly broke away from the floor.
New fingerprint system in use OTAY MESA - The US Bureau of Customs and Border Protection announced Thursday that a biometric identification system, piloted in San Diego three years ago, has been implemented in all 136 Border Patrol stations around the country.
US men win 800; Phelps injured The United States outtouched Australia to win the men #39;s 800-meter freestyle relay after Michael Phelps withdrew from the World Short Course Championships because of a back injury Friday night.
Indonesia #39;s Yudhoyono hails victory, vows to tackle corruption &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA : Indonesian president-elect Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Saturday delivered a long-awaited victory speech, promising to immediately tackle corruption and regional conflicts.
Some fans pledge to do Martha #39;s time Supporters at the Web site SaveMartha! (www.save martha.com) have pledged to serve Martha Stewart #39;s five-month prison sentence for her convictions on charges of obstruction of justice and lying to federal investigators.
Egypt pursues suspects over deadly Sinai bombings (AFP) AFP - Egyptian investigators into car bombings at resorts on Egypt's Sinai peninsula which killed at least 30 people said that they had identified a number of suspects, as rescuers continued to sift through the rubble.
Rock singer Etheridge has cancer US rock star Melissa Etheridge cancels a tour after being diagnosed with breast cancer.
Patriots beat up lowly Browns; Steelers extend win streak to 10 PATRIOTS 42, BROWNS 15: At Cleveland - New England didn #39;t care that the Cleveland Browns had a new coach, a raw rookie quarterback or numerous injuries.
Congress Nears Approval of Multiple Bills WASHINGTON - Ending weeks of stalemate, Congress is preparing to ship nearly \$15 billion to states battered by hurricane and drought as lawmakers plow through a final pile of pre-election bills that would cut taxes and revamp the intelligence community.    The House was expected to approve the hurricane and drought aid Saturday...
Curtain Call for Junk-Fax Blaster The nation's most notorious junk-fax sender agrees to the terms of a court order forcing it to stop its ink-depleting ways. But that hasn't convinced a longtime Fax.com foe to drop a \$2.2 trillion lawsuit against the firm. By Ryan Singel.
Filibuster Threatened over Corporate Tax Changes Description: The Senate on Friday scrambled to finish work on the biggest revision of corporate tax codes Congress has considered since 1986.
Google Print Beta Launches Google has launched a beta version of Google Print, a search tool that enables users to search the full text of books, read excepts, and links them to sites where the books can be purchased.
Just because Intel is making handset processors doesn #39;t mean Nokia &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nokia has no immediate plans to use Intel #39;s processors in its handsets, the Finnish phone maker said, tempering an announcement earlier this week that Intel is building a reference design for a Symbian OS mobile phone based on Nokia #39;s Series 60 user 
Drivers say points penalty too harsh KANSAS CITY, Kan.  A visibly subdued Dale Earnhardt Jr. arrived Friday  quot;feeling a little bit thrown under the bus, quot; he said.
Kenyan Ecologist Maathai wins Nobel Peace Prize OSLO (Norway): This year #39;s Nobel Peace Prize announc ed in Oslo on Friday goes to the Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai.
Polls open in Afghanistan KABUL, 10/09 - Afghanistans first direct presidential election began at 7 aM (local time) Saturday amid tight security. More than 10.
New PC in Old Mac Clothes Tinkerer Iain Sharp couldn't bear to part with his first computer -- a Mac SE/30 -- so he turned it into a powerful media server using a mini PC motherboard and a software emulator. By Leander Kahney.
Hollywood Files P2P Appeal The entertainment industry asks the Supreme Court to reverse the Grokster decision, which held that peer-to-peer networks are not liable for copyright abuses of their users. By Michael Grebb.
It #39;s USC and Oklahoma Even in a year when college football #39;s No. 1- and 2-ranked teams remained that way from start to finish and will the play in the national championship, the Bowl Championship Series can #39;t escape scrutiny and controversy.
U.N. Panel Steps Up Anti-Terror Campaign (AP) AP - Facing a surge of attacks around the globe, the U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Friday to step up its campaign against terrorism but backed away from authorizing a new list of terrorists that could be subject to sanctions and punishment.
Lawmakers drop massive Boeing tanker agreement WASHINGTON - Congressional negotiators decided to pull the plug on a Boeing Co. tanker deal as part of an agreement on a massive defense bill.
DONALD TRUMPS STUMBLING HOWELL Luke Donald made a flying start at Carnoustie to leap to the top of the leaderboard on the third morning of the Dunhill Links Championship.
England to attack Wales with 3-man strike-force England boss Sven Goran Eriksson could go with a three-man strike-force against Wales tonight. The Swede said he may play Jermain Defoe and Michael Owen at the front with Wayne Rooney just behind them.
Sweep Dreams Are Made Of This BOSTONWith 10 homers in September, Angels outfielder Vladimir Guerrero likely wrested the American League Most Valuable Player award away from either David Ortiz or Manny Ramirez.
Australia #39;s Howard Poised for Fourth Term After Nation Votes Australian Prime Minister John Howard #39;s Liberal-National coalition is poised to win a fourth term in office after pledging to extend 13 years of economic growth, keep interest rates low, cut taxes and increase spending.
New Indonesia chief marks victory Indonesia #39;s president-elect has finally given his victory speech, almost three weeks after the country #39;s first direct presidential poll.
Rommedahl ensures local authority TO SAY THAT DENNIS ROMMEDAHL has failed to set the Premiership alight since joining Charlton Athletic from PSV Eindhoven in the summer for 2 million would be the understatement of this or any other season.
BA raising surcharges as oil prices keep rising LONDON British Airways announced Friday that it was increasing its fuel surcharge on both short-haul and long-haul tickets because of rising oil prices.
Solar eclipse to end before it begins The eclipse will first be visible, weather permitting, from Japan, Mongolia, China and Siberia on Thursday, October 14. Skywatchers in western Alaska should be able to see the final moments of the eclipse 
Twins Turn To Santana Minneapolis The Minnesota Twins were in great shape just two days ago. Now they #39;re on the brink of being eliminated by the New York Yankees for the second straight year.
Jackson second to Leslie for MVP UNCASVILLE, CONN. - When the WNBA announced its 2004 MVP on Friday night at Mohegan Sun Arena, the Seattle Storms Lauren Jackson wasnt part of the presentation as she was last year when she won the award.
Ultrawideband Heralds Zippier Wireless Connections  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.  On its way to U.S. living rooms and maybe even automobiles is a  new type of high-speed wireless connection that promises  downloaded data rates of up to 1 gigabit per second -- roughly  18.5 times the speed of Wi-Fi -- to personal computers and  other devices.
Hollywood Asks Top Court to Weigh File Trading  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Movie studios and record labels on  Friday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn a ruling that  Internet "peer to peer" networks cannot be held liable when  their users copy music and movies without permission.
DaimlerChrysler takes 400 million euro charge for Japanese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Automaker DaimlerChrysler AG said Friday it will book a charge of 400 million euro in the third quarter to cover the cost of recalls and past quality problems at Japanese truckmaker Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corp.
A quantum computer with atomic memory!: Technology India: London, Oct 9: Scientists at the University of Bonn in Germany have reportedly built the fundamental memory component of a computer called a  quot;register quot;, using caesium atoms, by trapping it inside a laser beam.
Phelps backs out of big race Michael Phelps has been forced to pulled out of the 400m individual medley at the Short Course World Swimming Championships in Indianapolis in the US, due to a sore back.
O #39;Connor turns down award Showjumping gold medal winner Cian O #39;Connor has decided not to accept the Irish Person of the Year award because his horse has failed a drugs test.
England to play Defoe, Rooney and Owen? Sven-Goran Eriksson is considering unleashing a three-pronged England attack of Jermain Defoe, Wayne Rooney and Michael Owen on Wales in their World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford.
Clean sweep Red Sox dispatch Angels and wait for possible rematch &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At 8:21 pm last night, there was a simultaneous leap for joy and sigh of relief in pubs, restaurants, living rooms, college dorms, maybe even a few libraries, throughout the streets of New England and, of course, in Fenway Park.
Center stage:  #39;A great moment for the Pac-10 #39; Los Angeles -- Cal wide receiver Chase Lyman was pondering today #39;s showdown with USC at the Memorial Coliseum. He gazed off for a moment, briefly lost in his own thoughts.
Three Palestinians killed in northern Gaza violence Israeli troops shot at Hamas militants about to fire an anti-tank missile Saturday, setting off an explosion that killed one man and wounded three, the army and hospital officials said.
Cricket: Sri Lanka claim first win Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by seven  wickets in the tri-series in Pakistan.
Nokia, Land Rover Team on In-Vehicle System With Nokia #39;s Personal Telephone Integration System, users can access key mobile-phone functions, such as viewing and selecting phonebook entries, initiating and receiving incoming calls, viewing 
Hollywood Asks Top Court to Weigh File Trading (Reuters) Reuters - Movie studios and record labels on\Friday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn a ruling that\Internet "peer to peer" networks cannot be held liable when\their users copy music and movies without permission.
Ultrawideband Heralds Zippier Wireless Connections (Reuters) Reuters - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.\On its way to U.S. living rooms and maybe even automobiles is a\new type of high-speed wireless connection that promises\downloaded data rates of up to 1 gigabit per second -- roughly\18.5 times the speed of Wi-Fi -- to personal computers and\other devices.
Montana Moves to Resume Bison Hunting (AP) AP - On a spring day in 1990, there was chaos near the border of Yellowstone National Park. Bison were running. Hunters were facing off with activists who were trying to keep them from killing the bison. And D.J. Schubert was in the thick of it, leading the protesters.
Russia Could Finish Kyoto Approval by Year-End (Reuters) Reuters - Russia could ratify the Kyoto Protocol\by the end of the year and kick-start global attempts to\control climate change, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zhukov\said on Thursday.
Growing pains The son of The Man will hit the big 3-0 Sunday, but Dale Earnhardt Jr. had hoped he had the clout to get his birthday wish granted a little early.
Psychic powers add gaming twist The use of psychic powers adds a novel twist to the action in two new video games.
S P 500 Companies to Show Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Third-quarter earnings get under way in\earnest next week -- led by several large banks, as well as\technology companies Intel Corp.  and Yahoo Inc.\ -- with many expected to post double-digit growth.
Two Chinese Engineers Kidnapped in Pakistan (Reuters) Reuters - Two Chinese engineers working at a\hydro-electric project in Pakistan were kidnapped by tribesmen\on Saturday in a region where security forces have been hunting\militants linked to al Qaeda, officials said.
Stocks to Gain from Tax-Related Spending? (Reuters) Reuters - Investors are heading into a quarter\that will likely favor small- and mid-cap stocks as corporate\profits rise and businesses rush to take advantage of a tax\break designed to give a lift to small manufacturers.
Scotland's pricey new parliament is formally opened (AFP) AFP - Scotland's dazzling new parliament building was formally opened, as First Minister John McConnell encouraged Scots to look beyond the fact that it was three years late and 10 times over budget.
S P 500 Companies to Show Growth  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Third-quarter earnings get under way in  earnest next week -- led by several large banks, as well as  technology companies Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; and Yahoo Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YHOO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;YHOO.O&lt;/A&gt; -- with many expected to post double-digit growth.
Stocks to Gain from Tax-Related Spending?  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors are heading into a quarter  that will likely favor small- and mid-cap stocks as corporate  profits rise and businesses rush to take advantage of a tax  break designed to give a lift to small manufacturers.
Afghan Election Body Says Will Not Halt Vote  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's election authority said on  Saturday the election process would continue in the country's  historic presidential election despite a decision by most of  the candidates to boycott the poll over irregularities.
Rescuers Search for Survivors of Egypt Bombing  TABA, Egypt (Reuters) - Rescue workers sifted through the  wreckage of an Egyptian Red Sea hotel on Saturday, hoping to  find survivors after a series of bomb blasts targeting Israeli  tourists in the Sinai Peninsula killed at least 33 people.
Sadr Militia to Disarm Under Iraq Peace Deal  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A Shi'ite militia led by Moqtada  al-Sadr will start to disarm in Baghdad from Monday following a  deal reached on Saturday with Iraq's interim government and  U.S. officials, the chief Shi'ite negotiator said.
Suu Kyi Proves Tricky Topic for Asia-Europe Summit  HANOI (Reuters) - Leaders from Asia and Europe pledged on  Saturday to tackle everything from climate change to terrorism  but dodged calling for the release of Myanmar democracy icon  Aung San Suu Kyi at the end of their two-day summit.
Militant Killed in Israeli Missile Strike-Witness  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter missile strike  killed a Palestinian militant and wounded two others in the  northern Gaza Strip on Saturday, witnesses said.
Citi sues Italian authorities over Parmalat restructuring Citigroup has sued Italian governmental authorities overseeing the Parmalat restructuring, arguing that their formula for paying off debt tramples creditors and investors rights.
Closing bell sounds Louis Rukeyser, for 33 years the beloved host of a Wall Street talk show for the masses, is going off the air. The 71-year old Rukeyser hasn #39;t been on the show since Oct. 31 of last year because he #39;s battling cancer.
Thomson to Sell Media Unit to Investcorp for \$350 Mln (Update4) Thomson Corp., owner of the Westlaw legal-research and First Call financial data services, is selling 54 business publications including the Bond Buyer and American Banker for \$350 million to buyout firm Investcorp SA.
Top 20 computer threats unveiled Issued by the respected Sans Institute, the Top 20 list helps organisations find out if they are closing the most commonly exploited loopholes.
FOOTBALL: NEWCASTLE TAKE RAP ON WOODY JONATHAN WOODGATE will fly to the United States for treatment on his latest thigh injury after being told he could be out for another five months.
UNICEF -- Child Mortality Worst in Sierra Leone A new study released by the United Nations Children #39;s Fund (UNICEF) indicates the West African nation of Sierra Leone has the world #39;s highest rate of child mortality.
Australia close on victory Australia closed in on victory in the first Test, needing four more wickets to complete the win in Bangalore. Rahul Dravid stood in their way, on 47 not out in a seventh wicket stand of 19 with Irfan Pathan, who reached seven.
Death toll from Sinai bombings reaches 33 as Egypt pursues suspects (AFP) AFP - Three more bodies were pulled from the rubble of a Red Sea hotel as Egyptian investigators said they had identified a number of suspects in the bombings of packed Sinai resorts that have so far killed 33 people.
India says peace talks 'dependent' on Pakistan reining in Kashmir rebels (AFP) AFP - India said future peace talks between it and Pakistan hinge on Islamabad keeping its vow not to allow soil under its control to be used by Islamic rebels battling Indian rule in Kashmir.
Astronomers Demonstrate a Global Internet Telescope Jodrell Bank Observatory -- European and US radio astronomers have demonstrated a new way of observing the Universe -- through the Internet!     Using cutting-edge technology, the researchers have managed to observe a distant star by using the world's research networks to create a giant virtual telescope. The process has allowed them to image the object with unprecedented detail, in real-time; something which only a few years ago would have been impossible...
SEC steps up probe of Krispy Kreme Krispy Kreme Doughnuts said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had upgraded its inquiry of the company #39;s financial reporting practices into a formal investigation.
Atomic register offers route to quantum computing The fundamental memory component of a quantum computer has been built for the first time using a string of atoms. This could offer a more reliable way to build a working quantum computer than other techniques, suggest researchers.
Friday #39;s Sports In Brief Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games by the NFL for violating the league #39;s substance abuse policy.
Who are you guys and what have you done with Sox? They #39;re tearing around the bases with a World Series sheen until they cross home plate and walk to the dugout and the blur subsides and you recognize that clothing.
U.S. Continues to Dominate Without Injured Phelps  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - The U.S. team continued to  dominate the world short course championships Friday, claiming  five gold medals without the help of Michael Phelps after he  was forced out of the meeting with an injured back.
Apple Has Loyalty -- But Where Is Its Future? Clearly Apple hopes the halo of its iPod can be used to tempt consumers to invest in its computers, after sales of the iPod earlier this year overtook those of its supposedly staple desktops and laptops.
Spyware charges praised The groundbreaking action by the Federal Trade Commission against two New Hampshire software companies is  quot;long overdue, quot; said one local computer expert.
Novak knocks Hewitt out Lleyton Hewitt has lost his rain-interrupted semi-final to Czech Jiri Novak in three sets at the Japan Open. The Australian dropped the opening set 4-6, but rallied to take the second 6-4 and send the match into a decider.
United fans wait for takeover news Manchester United fans may be in for an anxious wait before learning whether Malcolm Glazer intends to launch a takeover bid for the Old Trafford club.
Howard wins fourth term in Australian election Opposition Labor Party leader Mark Latham has conceded defeat in Australia #39;s general elections and congratulated Prime Minister John Howard for winning a fourth consecutive term in office.
Cairo security beefed up after Sinai blasts Cairo - Egyptian police were deployed in force around tourist attractions in Cairo on Saturday after a string of deadly bombings in the Sinai peninsula.
Nobel winner has Vermont ties Wangari Maathai (wan-GAH #39;-ree mah-DY #39;) of Kenya serves on the board of trustees for World Learning, the parent organization of the School for International Training in Brattleboro.
Libya blames Britain for hostage killing A powerful Libyan charity organization that mediated for the release of a British hostage Saturday blamed the British government for his slaying in Iraq.
Israel To Benefit From Sinai Bombings: Experts A cohort of Egyptian security, political and diplomatic experts have concluded that Israel is the only party to benefit from the blasts 
China #39;s IT industry witnessed rapid strides in 2004 : Beijing, Dec 6 : China #39;s IT industry is expected to see a sales revenue of 322.3 billion US dollars in 2004, up 42.3 per cent year-on-year, becoming the country #39;s leading driver for economic growth, a report said today.
Afghan Refugees Vote in Pakistan, Iran (AP) AP - Afghan refugees thronged polling stations in Pakistan and Iran on Saturday to vote in their war-torn homeland's landmark presidential election  #151; undeterred by explosions at or near two refugee camps.
Sadr Fighters to Disarm Under Iraq Peace Deal  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A Shi'ite militia led by Moqtada  al-Sadr has agreed to disarm in Baghdad under a deal reached on  Saturday with Iraq's interim government and U.S. officials, the  chief Shi'ite negotiator said.
Israelis Kill Five Palestinians in Gaza Strip  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed five armed  Palestinians in the Gaza Strip on Saturday as it pressed on  with a massive offensive aimed at stopping militants firing  rockets into Israel.
Five Killed, 30 Hurt in Kashmir Car Explosion  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - A suicide bomber rammed a car  packed with explosives into an army convoy in Indian Kashmir on  Saturday, killing four soldiers and a civilian and wounding 30  more, police said.
Rumsfeld: Iraq Security to Be Boosted Ahead of Poll  ABOARD USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (Reuters) - Defense Secretary  Donald Rumsfeld said on Saturday that some 40,000 new Iraqi  recruits are expected to join the country's fledgling security  forces ahead of January elections.
The Shape of Things to Come In 2015, an array of 4400 twelve meter fully steerable paraboloid radio dishes, called the Square Kilometer Array (SKA) is scheduled to be complete and operational.    Astrobiology Magazine -- The project plans are being developed by a consortium of institutions headed up by Cornell, and funded by the National Science Foundation among others...
Shia rebels agree Baghdad truce Fighters loyal to radical Iraqi cleric Moqtada Sadr reach a deal to end weeks of fighting in Baghdad's Sadr City.
Honor System Used for Flu Shots at U.S. Chain Stores By GRETCHEN PARKER     BALTIMORE (AP) -- At the Walgreens flu shot clinic, the honor system is in place.    If you tell nurses there you have a chronic heart problem, you can get a shot...
Al Gore Touts Promise of Stem-Cell Research By ELIZABETH M. GILLESPIE     SEATTLE (AP) -- Former Vice President Al Gore touted the promise of stem-cell research for curing debilitating and deadly diseases on Friday - using his pitch to stump for fellow Democrats Christine Gregoire and Dave Ross...
Howard Grabs Victory in Australia Election SYDNEY, Australia - Prime Minister John Howard scored a convincing victory in Australia's federal election Saturday, winning a historic fourth term in a vote ensuring the staunch U.S. ally keeps its troops in Iraq...
Afghan Leader Says Election 'Fair' KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started Saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader Hamid Karzai alleged fraud over the ink meant to ensure people voted only once and vowed to boycott the results.    But electoral officials rejected the candidates' call to abandon the rest of the balloting, saying it would rob millions of voters of their chance to cast ballots and that they would rule later on the legitimacy of the election...
Zayani Motors introduces the New Generation Canter from Mitsubishi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Zayani Motors, the Kingdom #39;s exclusive dealer for Mitsubishi Motors and Mitsubishi Fuso Truck  amp; Buses Corp (MFTBC), are pleased to introduce the New Generation Canter.
Michael Phelps Suffers Back Pain Olympic swimming champion, Michael Phelps, withdrew from the  quot; World Short Course Championships quot; in Indianapolis last night because of tightness in his back.
O #39;Connor won #39;t accept award Cian O #39;Connor has decided not to accept the ESB/Rehab Irish Person of the Year award he was set to receive tonight. O #39;Connor was chosen as this year #39;s Irish Person of the Year in recognition of his achievement 
Cal-USC notes: Sartz #39;s strength is his versatility Bee Staff Writer. LOS ANGELES - Dallas Sartz is so good, he #39;s liable to line up all over the field today against Cal. The USC junior from Granite Bay High School is a starting strong-side linebacker for the top-ranked Trojans.
Today #39;s Game Plan Every second week in October, The Start catches a leaf as it falls from a tree. It has happened in West Virginia, Virginia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Florida and Ohio.
From Taba to Fallujah Since the invasion of Iraq, the people of the region find themselves in the face of scenes that exceed the threshold of tolerance of most of them.
Alstom Wins EU1.36 Bln of Contracts During Chirac Trip to China Alstom SA, the French engineering company rescued from near bankruptcy, said it won contracts worth 1.36 billion euros (\$1.69 billion) to provide China with trains as well as hydroelectric and nuclear power equipment.
US Military Says Iraq #39;s Tareq Aziz Still Alive The US military said on Saturday it had  quot;absolute confirmation quot; that Tareq Aziz, Iraq #39;s former deputy prime minister, was still alive.
Wal-Mart Keeps Same-Store Sales Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates\a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in October sales at its\stores open at least a year.
Tree-man attack as Rooney, Owen and Defoe start against Wales (AFP) AFP - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson threw a three-pronged attack into Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Wales at Old Trafford, with Wayne Rooney in behind Michael Owen and Jermain Defoe.
Sales surge lift GE profit General Electric Co., the world #39;s largest company by market value, said third-quarter profit rose 11 percent as acquisitions and economic growth spurred the biggest sales increase since Jeffrey Immelt succeeded Jack Welch.
Loonie breaks 80 cents US A roaring jobs market in Canada and disappointing jobs data from the United States helped the Canadian dollar crack 80 cents US in trading yesterday for the first time in more than a decade.
Pro-Taliban Clerics Killed in Pakistan's Karachi (Reuters) Reuters - A leading pro-Taliban Sunni Muslim\cleric and an associate were shot dead in southern Pakistan on\Saturday, the latest attack in religious violence that has\already killed more than 70 people this month.
Telekom to Buy Back T-Online German telecommunications giant Telekom on Saturday announced plans to take its Internet unit off the stock market in a 2.9 billion (\$3.
Nasa man  #39;faked safety checks #39; An ex-employee of the US space agency, Nasa, has pleaded not guilty to charges he falsified reports of safety checks on the space shuttle Discovery.
More Signs Of Water Discovered On Mars NASA #39;s Mars rover, Opportunity, has discovered more evidence that water may have flowed over rocks on the Red Planet. Data sent back by Opportunity suggests an area known as the Meridiani Planum, was drenched 
Now you can... Record all TV shows for a whole week TV fans who are planning to go to Japan for their next holiday should put this nifty gadget on their shopping list. Japan #39;s Sony Corporation will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with 
AT amp;T #39;s Gambit: Relying On Automation To Make Up For 12,000 Fewer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AT amp;T #39;s top IT exec says automation thanks to its IT systems will let it shed more than 12,000 jobs this year without hurting its network or service.
Computer Associates Buys Netegrity Computer Associates will pay about \$430 million in cash to acquire security-software company Netegrity, which makes the SiteMinder access-management application.
Donald moves in front at dunhill links championship St. Andrews, Scotland (Sports Network) - Luke Donald shot a four-under 68 on Saturday to move into the lead after the third round of the dunhill links championship.
Japanese Grand Prix moves on to Sunday Japanese Grand Prix was under threat from the Super Typhoon Ma-On. So much so that the qualifying had to be cancelled on Saturday.
Russian-Canadian Businessman to Start New F1 Team in 2006 Russian-born Alexander Shnaider, chairman of Midland Group, said on Friday the Midland F1 team will begin racing in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix.
Radio adds a delay for drivers Motor Racing Network will follow NBC #39;s lead and add a delay to its NASCAR radio broadcasts beginning with Sunday #39;s race at Kansas Speedway.
Rossi happy despite missing pole Valentino Rossi reflected positively on the first day of qualifying at the Marlboro Malaysian Grand Prix despite being relegated from provisional pole position to third place by Makoto Tamada and Sete Gibernau right at the end of the session.
Cricket-Fired-up Australia close to victory in first Test BANGALORE, India (AFP) - World champions Australia were on the brink of a massive victory in the first cricket Test against India after destroying the hosts #39; batting again.
Britain mourns for Bigley Liverpool, the native city of British hostage Kenneth Bigley observed a day of mourning on Saturday as his family struggled to come to terms with his execution.
We dont recognize the results Even before the polling booths closed in Afghanistans first-ever direct presidential election, all 15 candidates running against incumbent Hamid Karzai denounced 
Reports of Sadr City truce agreement The Iraqi government says it has reached an agreement to end weeks of clashes in the Sadr City district of Baghdad between Shi #39;ite fighters and American forces.
Chirac Sees Opportunity in China #39;s Economic Surge French President Jacques Chirac declared on Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy 
Pakistani militants abduct two Chinese Pakistan security forces searched for two Chinese engineers and their Pakistani guard who were kidnapped Saturday in a tribal area near Afghanistan.
Car explosion in Indian Kashmir, five killed A car bomb exploded at a military convoy in India #39;s portion of Kashmir on Saturday, killing four soldiers and a civilian and injuring 30 others, police said.
ECB follows British lead with hold on rates THE European Central Bank has followed the Bank of England and kept its interest rates on hold, preferring to give itself more time to assess the effect of soaring oil prices on the inflationary outlook and slow economic recovery.
U.S. Congratulates Howard on Re-Election (AP) AP - The United States congratulated Australian Prime Minister John Howard for winning his fourth term in Australia's federal election Saturday. President Bush called it a great victory.
Iran Would Welcome Kerry Camp Proposal-Official (Reuters) Reuters - Iran would welcome a proposal by U.S.\presidential candidate Senator John Kerry's running mate for a\"great bargain" to solve the dispute over Tehran's nuclear\program, a senior Iranian official said on Saturday.
National League Playoff Preview from The Sports Network (Sports Network) - The Dodgers hope to avoid being swept by the St. Louis Cardinals, as they head into Game 3 of their National League Division Series today.
Australian PM Howard Celebrates Fourth Poll Win  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister John Howard, a  key U.S. ally and supporter of the Iraq war, celebrated on  Sunday his election win over opposition Labor after voters  enjoying the fruits of a strong economy gave him another term.
Sadr Peace Deal Could Bolster Iraq Election Plan  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A Shi'ite militia led by Moqtada  al-Sadr agreed on Saturday to disarm under a deal that could  pacify a Baghdad flashpoint and remove one obstacle to Iraq's  plan to hold nationwide elections in January.
Chirac Sees Opportunity in China's Economic Surge  BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac  declared on Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to  China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy deals, played  down any threat from one the world's fastest growing economies.
Michael Phelps Forced To Withdraw From Swimming Championships US Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps, was forced to withdraw from competition at the Short Course World Swimming Championships in Indianapolis because of back pain.
Mauresmo, Davenport win at Porsche GP FILDERSTADT, Germany (Ticker) - A day after struggling in her first appearance as the world #39;s top player, Amelie Mauresmo swept into the semifinals of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix on Friday.
Russia #39;s Maria Sharapova defeats Mashona Washington in Japan Open &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia overpowered American Mashona Washington 6-0, 6-1 Saturday to win her second straight Japan Open on a day when rain from an approaching typhoon leaked through the arena #39;s retractable roof and 
Beckham seals victory over Wales David Beckham's spectacular strike seals a comfortable 2-0 victory for England at Old Trafford.
Cricket: Australia close on victory Australia end day four of the first Test needing four wickets to beat India.
Russians 'missing' in Egypt blast At least one Russian is dead and 12 others are missing after the bomb blast at an Egyptian hotel, officials say.
Australian PM Howard Celebrates Fourth Poll Win Australian Prime Minister John Howard, a key US ally and supporter of the Iraq war, celebrated on Sunday his election win over opposition Labor after voters enjoying the fruits of a strong economy gave him another term.
Afghan Vote Is Peaceful, But Challengers Cry Foul Afghans turned out to vote in large numbers today as Hamid Karzai and his rivals disputed the integrity of the vote.
Opposition Alleges Afghan Election Fraud KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started Saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader Hamid Karzai said they would boycott the outcome because of potential fraud in the system designed to keep voters from casting more than one ballot.    The poll also was marred by violence, as militants ambushed police escorting boxes of ballots, killing three officers in the deadliest direct assault on the landmark post-Taliban vote, a senior official said...
Court rejects AMD A federal judge has refused a request by chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. to order its larger rival Intel Corp. to turn over company documents to the European Commission.
Update 1: Deutsche Telekom to Buy Back Provider German phone giant Deutsche Telekom said Saturday it plans to buy back full control of its Internet unit by next year to profit from burgeoning demand for broadband Internet services, a move that could cost the company euro2.
Saturday, October 9th - 3:30 pm (et) GAME NOTES: The most anticipated Pac-10 matchup of the season has finally arrived, as the seventh-ranked California Golden Bears travel to Los Angeles, to battle 
Bush Says He'll Better Protect Nation ST. LOUIS - On the road and on the airwaves, President Bush is trying to paint this year's presidential race as a black-and-white decision for voters...
Egypt Detains Suspects in Resort Blasts TABA, Egypt - Dozens of Bedouin tribesmen have been detained on suspicion they supplied explosives for car bomb attacks at two Egyptian resorts that killed at least 34 people, officials said Saturday.    Israel's counterterrorism chief, meanwhile, said Israeli tourists in Egypt are still in danger and urged them to return home immediately...
Opposition Alleges Afghan Election Fraud KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started Saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader Hamid Karzai alleged fraud over the ink meant to ensure people voted only once and vowed to boycott the results.    But electoral officials rejected their demand that the vote be called off, saying an apparent mix-up with ink used to mark voters' thumbs was not severe enough to halt the historic vote...
Generals See Gains From Iraq Offensives Despite a sense of progress, U.S. military commanders predict no easy victory in pressing the attack against the country's fierce insurgency and remain particularly concerned about a rising campaign of intimidation.
Group: Tigers Live on Bangladesh Border (AP) AP - Scientists estimate there are nearly 700 highly endangered tigers in the Sundarbans, the world's largest mangrove forest that straddles the border of India and Bangladesh, officials said Saturday.
Formula One race race spared from typhoon A powerful typhoon veered away from the site of the Japanese Grand Prix, boding well for Sunday #39;s Formula One race after organizers were forced to postpone qualifying.
Bangladeshi Women Play Soccer Tournament (AP) AP - A women's soccer tournament resumed Saturday despite protests from Islamic groups to stop the "indecent" event.
Williams Faces Paternity Suit (AP) AP - Ricky Williams has acknowledged having an intimate relationship with a woman who filed a paternity suit against him, according to court papers.
Dalembert Has More to Worry About Than NBA (AP) AP - Samuel Dalembert hears of the unrest in his homeland from storms and political violence, and feels so helpless. He has donated generous sums to assist relief efforts in Haiti, but he has no peace of mind.
Finley, Walker Pay Big for New Teams (AP) AP - Steve Finley thrust his fists in the air as the ball left his bat. His ninth-inning grand slam Oct. 2 beat the Giants and assured the Dodgers' first postseason appearance since 1996. Three days later, the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Dodgers to begin the NL division series behind five home runs  #151; two by Larry Walker.
Myanmar splits ASEM summit Asians and Europeans left Hanoi Saturday after a summit that renewed economic coordination, but deadlocked over Myanmar #39;s human rights situation.
Did Mars once host life? NASA says a false-color image taken by its Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity shows a rock dubbed  quot;Escher quot; whose fractures, which divide the surface into polygons, may have been formed when water left over from the rock #39;s formation dried up.
Cdn navy chief defends submarines from Britain The Chief of Canada #39;s maritime defence staff is defending the submarines Canada obtained from the British navy, saying the vessels would never be sent out without being  quot;prepared, checked and tested.
Japan typhoon kills two The most powerful typhoon to hit eastern Japan in a decade has headed out to sea after pummelling Tokyo, leaving two dead, snarling transport on a long holiday weekend and forcing thousands in the countryside to evacuate.
A Better Browser Gets Better Mozilla blocks those un-requested and annoying  quot;pop-up quot; windows. It also has the ability to open new Web pages in a  quot;tabbed quot; interface, as is common to most Windows-based programs.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Johan Santana is unbeaten (14-0) in 16 starts since the All- Star break and has an amazing ERA of 1.13 in that span.
Spirited Sox wear out Angels Once the champagne ran out Friday night, most of it sprayed or dumped, the Red Sox showed again how resourceful they could be. The players went through the beer as their primary weapon 
Egypt and Israel Trade Prisoners, in Sign of Rising Cooperation Egypt released an Israeli who had been convicted of spying, and Israel freed six young Egyptian infiltrators from prison, in a sign of growing cooperation between the two nations.
Astros #39; Bagwell busting out of October slump CBC SPORTS ONLINE - What #39;s more surprising than the Houston Astros #39; 18 straight wins at home? How about a Jeff Bagwell post-season hitting streak?
Ukraine Leader, Attacking Rival, Won't Halt Vote Ukraine's president said that if he were Prime Minister Viktor F. Yanukovich, he would not participate in a new runoff.
Braves' Thomson Leaves Game 3 (AP) AP - Atlanta Braves starter John Thomson reaggravated a sore muscle on his left side and came out of Game 3 of the NL playoff series after just four pitches Saturday.
Jobless numbers don #39;t tell whole story  #39;We really need in this country a more flexible, just-in-time labor system. I really think not enough attention is being paid by both candidates to the re-skilling of America.
Investment in private spaceflight field lags enthusiasm by public LONG BEACH, Calif. - It was billionaire Paul Allen #39;s \$20 million that allowed Burt Rutan to build SpaceShipOne, the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space.
Competitors Pounce on CA #39;s Netegrity Buy Competitors are publicly happy about Computer Associate #39;s (Quote, Chart) \$430 million acquisition of Netegrity (Quote, Chart), but there might be a hint of trepidation over the combination of the two security software players.
IT Worker Confidence Takes a Dip IT worker confidence declined in September after several months of increases, but it remains high relative to the confidence of workers in other industries.
England too strong for Wales England doused the threat of the Welsh dragon in emphatic style as goals from Frank Lampard and David Beckham clinched a 2-0 win in a World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford.
Sun edges Storm in Game One of WNBA Finals UNCASVILLE, Connecticut (Ticker) - Katie Douglas and the Connecticut Sun had just enough poise in their first WNBA Finals contest.
Russia says 11 missing in Taba explosion Russia said Saturday 11 of its nationals who were staying at a hotel in Egypt that was bombed Thursday are missing. Russia #39;s Itar-Tass news agency quoted a Russian embassy diplomat 
Senate Approves DNA Testing Bill (AP) AP - The Senate on Saturday approved legislation that would give rape victims and convicted felons greater access to DNA testing.
Marines' Raids Underline Push in Crucial Area Commanders say success in Iraq may depend on units like Strike Force Two, and the raids they launch almost nightly.
Opposition Alleges Afghan Election Fraud KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan's historic presidential election turned sour Saturday when all 15 candidates opposing U.S.-backed interim President Hamid Karzai withdrew in the middle of voting, charging the government and the United Nations with fraud and incompetence.    In the end, faulty ink - not Taliban bombs and bullets - threatened three years of painstaking progress toward democracy...
Japanese GP set to go ahead on Sunday Sunday #39;s Japanese GP looks set to go ahead as planned after the feared typhoon largely bypassed Suzuka on Saturday. With fears of torrential rain and 110mph winds, qualifying for the race was postponed for 24 hours.
Rumsfeld, 18 Allies Discuss War on Terror (AP) AP - In a cramped war room below deck, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld on Saturday joined 18 of his counterparts from an unusual collection of U.S. partners in the terrorism fight in discussing the way ahead in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Kerry mocks rough and ready Bush, hours after debate (AFP) AFP - Democratic hopeful John Kerry depicted President George W. Bush as angry, wrongheaded and unfit to lead, hours after the two rivals slugged out their second televised debate.
Can Prayers Heal? Critics Say Studies Go Past Science's Reach The government has spent \$2.3 million in the past 4 years to study something that critics say has nothing to do with science.
Martha #39;s taste of porridge UNDER the cover of darkness, America #39;s domestic goddess, Martha Stewart, surrendered and went to jail yesterday. Just before dawn, a car approached Alderson Federal Prison Camp in West Virginia.
Eriksson praises Beckham for killer goal England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson thanked David Beckham for killing off Wales in the 2-0 victory and denied his skipper had been irresponsible in getting banned from next week #39;s World Cup qualifier in Azerbaijan.
Mauresmo survives in second round at Porsche Tennis Grand Prix Making her first appearance as the world #39;s top player, Amelie Mauresmo struggled to advance into the quarterfinals of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix on Thursday.
Vogts remains optimistic Scotland manager Berti Vogts declared he does not expect to be sacked following Saturday #39;s 1-0 home defeat at the hands of Norway.
Nigerian security detains top labour leader as national oil strike looms (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ABUJA, Nigeria (AP) - Plainclothes police detained a prominent Nigerian labour leader Saturday, bundling him into a car at an airport in an apparent effort to stop a threatened countrywide strike by oil-industry workers in Africa's largest petroleum exporter, his union said.
Novell releases SuSE Linux Pro Novell has announced the release of its all-in-one Linux product for newcomers and technical enthusiasts. SuSE Linux Professional 9.2 comes with latest open source features, including kernel 2.6 enhancements, KDE 3.3 and GNOME 2.6 desktop environments.
Golf: Els rues missed putts at Dunhill Championship ST ANDREWS, Scotland, Oct 9 : Ernie Els admitted to having a few slip-ups on his third round at the Dunhill Championship which left him with a small mountain to climb in Sunday #39;s final round.
Becks get Sven #39;s full support Sven-Goran Eriksson has refused to publicly criticise David Beckham for his reckless lunge at Ben Thatcher and subsequent booking.
Reaggravated injury forces Braves #39; Thomson out after four pitches HOUSTON -- Atlanta Braves starter John Thomson reaggravated a sore muscle on his left side and came out of Game 3 of the NLDS after just four pitches to the Houston Astros Saturday.
More powerful American tug takes over towing of stricken Canadian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HALIFAX (CP) - A more powerful American navy tug took over the towing of a disabled Canadian submarine Saturday, moving up its expected arrival in Scotland to late Sunday.
Hope Fades of Finding Survivors in Taba Rubble  TABA, Egypt (Reuters) - Rescue workers began to lose hope  of finding survivors in the rubble of an Egyptian Red Sea hotel  on Saturday, almost 48 hours after three bombs aimed at Israeli  tourists killed at least 33 people.
Computer Associates buys Netegrity at \$430m value Computer Associates (NYSE: CA) announced on Wednesday that it was buying Netegrity (Nasdaq: NETE) at a value of \$430 million, or \$10.
Reuell: Yes, I #39;m up for a free launch I #39;ve been called many things in the (nearly) 30 years I #39;ve spent on this planet, much of which probably couldn #39;t be repeated here.
ASP.Net glitch discovered OCTOBER 08, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp. is investigating a reported vulnerability in ASP.Net that could allow an attacker to bypass security features on a Web server and view sensitive content, the company said yesterday.
England captain Beckham breaks a rib David Beckham broke his rib moments after scoring England #39;s second goal in Saturday #39;s 2-0 win over Wales in a World Cup qualifying game.
Former Twins scout Angelo Giuliani dies at 91 Angelo Giuliani, who was behind the plate for Joe DiMaggio #39;s first at-bat in the majors and went on to sign Kent Hrbek as a Minnesota Twins scout, died at 91.
Sadr rebels boost election hopes Iraq #39;s plans to hold elections in January have gained traction after a Shi #39;ite militia agreed to disarm in Baghdad and delegates from rebel-held Falluja said the Sunni Muslim city wanted to vote in the polls.
House Set to OK \$14.5B in Hurricane Aid WASHINGTON - The House pushed nearly \$14.5 billion for hurricane victims and struggling farmers toward passage Saturday as lawmakers sought to shower money on Florida and other pivotal states in the upcoming elections.    After weeks of delay over everything from budget cuts to milk subsidies, House-Senate bargainers added the natural disaster aid to a \$10 billion military construction measure...
Yellow Jackets Romp B.J. Elder scores 19 points and Jarrett Jack adds 18 as No. 4 Georgia Tech crushes instate rival Georgia, 87-49, on Sunday night.
Quake Activity Rises at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Earthquake activity has increased at Mount St. Helens, but scientists said Saturday there was no reason to raise the volcano's alert level.
Congress Approves DNA Testing Bill (AP) AP - Congress passed and sent to legislation President Bush on Saturday that would give rape victims and convicted felons greater access to DNA testing.
Philosopher Derrida Dies in Paris at 74 (AP) AP - World renowned thinker Jacques Derrida, a founder of the school of philosophy known as deconstructionism, has died, the office of French President Jacques Chirac said Saturday. Derrida was 74.
The Rocket Ready to Go on Short Rest (AP) AP - At 42, Roger Clemens is ready to pitch on three days of rest for the Houston Astros. After all, playing in the postseason with his hometown team is one of the primary reasons he came out of his brief retirement.
Beckham Breaks Rib As England Tops Wales (AP) AP - David Beckham scored a spectacular goal on a curling, 25-yard shot to lead England past Wales 2-0 in a World Cup qualifier Saturday, but he wound up with a suspension and broken rib.
Vogts under pressure after Scotland loss at home to Norway David Beckham shrugged off his poor Real Madrid form with a spectacular long range strike as England outplayed Wales 2-0 in World Cup action on Saturday.
Former Twins Scout Angelo Giuliani Dies (AP) AP - Angelo Giuliani, who was behind the plate for Joe DiMaggio's first at-bat in the majors and went on to sign Kent Hrbek as a Minnesota Twins scout, died at 91.
England Captain Beckham Breaks a Rib (AP) AP - David Beckham broke his rib moments after scoring England's second goal in Saturday's 2-0 win over Wales in a World Cup qualifying game.
Lady Lions Pull Upset Tanisha Wright leads Penn State to a 77-71 shocker over second-ranked North Carolina on Sunday with 21 points and seven assists.
AstraZeneca #39;s Exanta Not Approved Drug maker AstraZeneca PLC said Friday that the Food and Drug Administration did not approve its orally taken blood thinner Exanta.
Sharapova repeats as Japan Open champion CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova retained her Japan Open title with an easy victory over American Mashona Washington in Saturday #39;s final.
Bonds Trainer Says He Was Coerced, Threatened  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The personal trainer to baseball  slugger Barry Bonds says investigators searched his home  without showing a warrant last year and made threatening  comments to him, his girlfriend and his young son.
Smith Guides Eagles Boston College's Craig Smith runs into foul trouble, but not before his 20 points help the Eagles down the UCLA Bruins, 74-64, on Sunday.
US House approves \$422 billion arms bill The US House of Representatives on Saturday approved a final \$422 billion bill for defense programs that backs next year #39;s round of military base closings and kills 
Shock Jocks Boost Satellite Radio Profile (AP) AP - When radio shock jocks Opie and Anthony considered their next career move after two firings in four years, the twisted twosome was ready to feign rehabilitation. Or at least that was the plan when they sat down with satellite radio executives.
Commercial space industry blasts off Now that rocketmen in the desert have soared into space and captured the St. Louis-based Ansari X Prize, commercial space travel seems as close as ever.
Beckham fractures rib London, England (Sports Network) - England captain David Beckham fractured a rib during his country #39;s 2-0 win over Wales Saturday.
Happy days are over again If the first four days of the Bangalore Test are any indication, the Indian team can well forget challenging Australia #39;s hegemony at the top of the cricket table.
Ohio St. Buckeyes COLUMBUS, Ohio (Ticker) -- No. 15 Ohio State hopes to avoid back-to-back defeats for the first time under Jim Tressel when it hosts No.
Howard Makes History With Australia Win (AP) AP - Prime Minister John Howard has been accused of turning his back on Asia, kowtowing to America and being Australia's most boring leader.
Philosopher Jacques Derrida Dies at 74 PARIS - World-renowned thinker Jacques Derrida, a charismatic philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the French president's office said Saturday. He was 74...
Michigan Edges Minnesota in Final Minutes ANN ARBOR, Mich. - Michigan beat Minnesota with a dramatic comeback for the second straight year...
8 Palestinians die in Gaza violence Six Palestinians died in four separate attacks by the Israeli military in Gaza on Saturday, according to Palestinian security and medical sources.
Airbus Denies Backing Microsoft Aircraft maker Airbus on Thursday denied a report it was siding with Microsoft in its anti-trust battle with the European Union.  quot;We remain totally neutral.
Beckham breaks rib in English victory CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Soccer star David Beckham broke his rib just before scoring a highlight-reel goal in England #39;s 2-0 win over Wales in a World Cup qualification match on Saturday.
Mauresmo vs. Davenport in Porsche GP final Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport won their semifinals in straight sets Saturday, setting up a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final at the Porsche Grand Prix.
Seattle looks to kick up a Storm at home The Seattle Storm are happy to get home, but coach Anne Donovan knows that goes only so far. The Storm need to crack Connecticut #39;s tenacious defense and slow guard Lindsay Whalen.
Soderling upsets Spadea to reach Lyon Open final Sweden #39;s Robin Soderling beat seventh-seeded American Vince Spadea 6-2, 6-4 Saturday to reach the final of the Lyon Open. Soderling will play Belgium #39;s Xavier Malisse in Sunday #39;s final.
Al-Sadr aide says militia will begin handing over weapons Monday (Baghdad, Iraq-AP) Oct. 9, 2004 - A senior aide to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr says militiamen loyal to him will begin handing over weapons to Iraqi police next week.
Philosopher Jacques Derrida Dies at 74 World-renowned thinker Jacques Derrida, a charismatic philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the French president #39;s office said Saturday.
Freshman Helps Sooners Run Past Longhorns In just his fifth college game, Adrian Peterson ran for 225 yards and made many big plays when No. 2 Oklahoma needed it most.
EU #39;s Monti says he #39;ll win Microsoft case European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti said he is  quot;confident quot; the European Union #39;s second-highest court will dismiss an attempt by Microsoft Corp.
CA #39;s \$430 Million Splurge To Broaden Indian Footprint Computer Associates has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Netegrity -- a provider of security software solutions, in an all cash merger valued at approximately \$430 million.
Sony PC boasts 1,000 GB of storage TOKYO - Japan #39;s Sony Corp. will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage -nough to record six TV channels for a week straight  - company said.
IT Worker Confidence Takes A Dip After several months of increasing optimism among IT workers, their confidence about job security and personal finances dipped in September, according to a report released this week 
Cow gene map can improve quality of beef WASHINGTON - For the first time, scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, providing researchers with a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA 
Mauresmo, Davenport Advance to Finals of Porche Grand Prix World number one women #39;s tennis player Amelie Mauresmo of France and number two Lindsay Davenport of the United States have advanced to the finals of the Porsche Grand Prix tournament in Filderstadt, Germany.
Anderson #39;s lawyer says he can #39;t get fair trial SAN FRANCISCO -- Defendants charged with distributing illegal steroids to some of the nation #39;s best-known athletes were subjected to illegal searches and coerced by federal investigators, defense lawyers said Friday.
Liechtenstein Embarrass Portugal Liechtenstein claimed a historic result on Saturday as they managed to hold Portugal to a 2-2 in Vaduz. Pauleta opened the scoring for Portugal in the 23rd minute.
Pakistan holds over 50 militants after bombings Dozens of members of outlawed Islamic militant groups have been detained in central Pakistan as part of investigations into two deadly attacks on religious congregations this month, police said on Saturday.
Official: War on Drugs at 'Tipping Point' (AP) AP - Amid record seizures of cocaine and massive spraying of coca plantations, a senior U.S. official says the "tipping point" in the war on drugs has finally been reached. But skeptics are unconvinced and say the war remains unwinnable.
House Approves  #36;477 Billion Defense Bill (AP) AP - Congress on Saturday approved a  #36;477 billion defense bill with a military pay raise and new money for Iraq and Afghanistan.
Oklahoma Wins Fifth Straight Over Texas DALLAS - Adrian Peterson decided to go to Oklahoma instead of Texas partly because of the way the Sooners always handle the Longhorns. This time, he was the reason for it...
BEA, IBM Heat Up App Server Space The application server space is heating up once again as both IBM and BEA Systems tout new versions of their platforms. With its Liquid Computing strategy, San Jose, Calif.
Cops release union leader Abuja - A leading Nigerian opposition figure told AFP on Saturday that he had been released by the secret police after being detained and pressured to drop his support for an impending general strike.
The prison that Martha Stewart will call home When lifestyle doyenne Martha Stewart arrives at the Alderson Federal Prison Camp, the multimillionaire businesswoman won #39;t just 
Sports: (2) Oklahoma 12 (5) Texas 0 DALLAS Freshman Adrian Peterson ran for 225 yards as second-ranked Oklahoma shut out fifth-ranked Texas 12-to-0 -- the Sooners #39; fifth straight victory in the legendary rivalry.
Wolverines comeback kids again Tyler Ecker caught a short pass from Chad Henne over the middle, eluded two tackles and lumbered down the sideline for a 31-yard touchdown with 1:57 left to give the 14th-ranked Wolverines a 27-24 victory over the No.
Irish hero skips awards after horse fails test Ireland #39;s only medal winner at the Athens Olympics, showjumper Cian O #39;Connor, withdrew from a nationally televised ceremony Saturday to receive the Irish Person of the Year award -- after his horse failed a drugs test.
 #39;Simple man #39; left begging for life until the end Kenneth Bigley made a final despairing plea for his life before being beheaded on video by Islamist militants in Iraq. Reuters cameraman Maher Nazih saw a video in Baghdad on Friday in which Mr Bigley, unshaven 
Elections ensure Australia will keep troops in Iraq (Sydney, Australia-AP) Oct. 9, 2004 - Australian Prime Minister John Howard has claimed victory in national elections. The vote will ensure the country keeps its troops in Iraq.
Al-Sadr #39;s militia agrees to start ha Shiite militiamen loyal to radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed Saturday to begin handing in weapons, a significant step toward restoring order in Baghdad #39;s sprawling Sadr 
Bush, Kerry hit the campaign trail after hard-fought debate (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry hit the campaign trail running, courting voters in battleground states after their hard-fought second debate left the race for the White House in a dead heat.
House Backs  #36;32 Bln Homeland Security Bill (Reuters) Reuters - The House of Representatives on\Saturday passed a  #36;32 billion bill funding homeland security\programs this year after days of political fighting over the\measure.
Michigan Edges Minnesota in Final Minutes (AP) AP - Michigan beat Minnesota with a dramatic comeback for the second straight year. Tyler Ecker caught a short pass from Chad Henne over the middle, eluded two tackles and lumbered down the sideline for a 31-yard touchdown with 1:57 left to give the 14th-ranked Wolverines a 27-24 victory over the No. 13 Golden Gophers on Saturday.
Mugabe conquers in bitter Zanu-PF power showdown Zimbabwe #39;s ruling Zanu-PF old guard has emerged on top after a bitter power struggle in the deeply divided party during its five-yearly congress, which ended yesterday.
Jackson has a tough match Australian basketball star Lauren Jackson has dedicated the WNBA finals to the memory of her grandmother who died last month but the Connecticut Sun have spoiled it so far.
Ireland holds host France 0-0 in qualifying Ireland held host France to a 0-0 draw Saturday in a World Cup qualifying match at Stade de France. Defender John O #39;Shea missed a great chance to win the match for Ireland midway 
Every reform has its limits AGAIN, Nigeria walks the path of conflict that is not only unnecessary and avoidable, it is potentially harmful and disruptive to the nations social, economic and political stability.
Four soldiers, civilian die in Kashmir: India News: Srinagar, Oct 9 : Four Indian soldiers and a civilian were killed when a suicide bomber rammed a car packed with explosives into an army convoy in Jammu and Kashmir Saturday.
Soderling Upsets Spadea, Gains Lyon Final (AP) AP - Sweden's Robin Soderling beat seventh-seeded American Vince Spadea 6-2, 6-4 Saturday to reach the final of the Lyon Open.
Astros Beat Braves 8-5, Take 2-1 Series Lead  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Brandon Backe pitched six strong  innings and Morgan Ensberg drove in three runs to secure the  Houston Astros an 8-5 divisional playoff victory over the  Atlanta Braves Saturday.
Thompson to Take Over Spotlight from Injured Phelps  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Jenny Thompson will take the  spotlight from injured U.S. team mate Michael Phelps at the  world short course championships Saturday as she brings down  the curtain on a spectacular swimming career.
Hernandez Uncertain About Return Orlando Hernandez's tired right arm felt better Saturday, but he's not sure when he'll be able to pitch again for the Yankees.
In New England, It's Play, Win, Repeat On Sunday against the Miami Dolphins, the Patriots will be going for their 19th consecutive victory.
Was Bush Wired? Ridiculous, Campaign Says (AP) AP - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen. John Kerry. "It's not true. It's ridiculous," Bush campaign spokesman Scott Stanzel said.
Howard Triumphs in Australia Australia has returned incumbent Prime Minister John Howard for a fourth consecutive term of government, probably with an increased majority in the Parliament.
Japan Typhoon Kills 2; 5 Remain Missing A man helps to push a vehicle stranded on a flooded street in Tokyo in the heavy rain caused by a typhoon Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004. The most powerful typhoon to barrel into Japan #39;s Pacific costline in a decade 
4 Killed, 22 Injured in Kashmir Attack Indian army soldiers inspect near the site of a suicide car bombing near Singhpora, some 40 kilometers (25 miles) north of Srinagar, India, Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004.
London could mediate over Kashmir: Musharraf LONDON (AFP) - Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf would welcome British involvement in negotiations with India over Kashmir, and would raise the matter with British Prime Minister Tony Blair during talks in London, he told The Times in an interview.
Red River Shootout Awakens Oklahoma Defense (AP) AP - No one knows how to bring Oklahoma's stout defense to life like Texas.
Bush Attacks Kerry for 'Dour Pessimism' (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush sought\momentum on Saturday from his second debate with Democratic\Sen. John Kerry by attacking Kerry for saying he has a\consistent position on Iraq and would not raise middle-class\taxes.
Howard Wins Re-Election As Australia PM SYDNEY, Australia - Prime Minister John Howard's conservative alliance handily won a fourth term in Australia's parliamentary elections Saturday, overcoming widespread anger at his decision to send troops to Iraq last year and his pledge to keep them there.    The island continent's robust economy under Howard's leadership apparently trumped concerns about the war...
Kerry, Bush Campaign After Feisty Debate ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...
US stocks, dollar decline NEW YORK - United States stocks fell on Friday after a government report showed employment growth unexpectedly slowed last month. A fourth straight day of record oil prices also weighed on the benchmark indexes.
New AOL Ads Revamp Its Image America Online plans to begin a new ad campaign Thursday with a redesigned logo and a fresh slogan, posed as a question to consumers:  quot;Want a better Internet?
England blanks Wales as European qualifying continues Manchester, England (Sports Network) - England beat Wales 2-0 Saturday in an intense World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford. The victory was bittersweet for England as captain David Beckham fractured a rib late in the win.
Bedouins held after Egypt blasts Egyptian security yesterday arrested dozens of Bedouin tribesmen amid continuing doubts over who was behind the devastating attacks on Israeli tourists that killed at least 34 people.
Isareli aircraft fire missiles at Gaza JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli soldiers on Saturday shot and killed a Hamas militant whom the military said was responsible for a rocket attack that killed two Israeli preschoolers last week and triggered an army offensive in northern Gaza.
Security on high alert as Afghans go to poll KABUL (Afghanistan) - Polling has started in Afghanistan #39;s first-ever direct presidential election on Saturday, with interim leader Hamid Karzai widely favoured against more than a dozen rivals while 100,000 troops were on high alert for expected violence 
A vow and an appeal IN A long-awaited victory speech yesterday, Indonesia #39;s President-elect Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono vowed to get down to business immediately after taking office to revive the economy, end regional conflicts and stamp out corruption.
Australia's Howard Celebrates Fourth Poll Win  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's conservative Prime Minister  John Howard, a key U.S. ally and supporter of the Iraq war,  celebrated on Sunday his election win after voters enjoying the  fruits of a strong economy gave him another term.
WRAPUP 4-US September job growth weaker than expected US employers hired just 96,000 workers in September, the government said on Friday in a weak jobs snapshot, the final one ahead of presidential elections that 
Howell #39;s Long Eagle Has Him In Front At Dunhill ST. ANDREWS, Scotland - England #39;s David Howell holed a 105-yard shot for an eagle Friday and finished with a 7-under 65 to take a one-stroke lead over Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald after the second round of the Dunhill Links Championship.
Beltran, Backe combine to push Braves to brink as Astros earn 8-5 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A couple of new Killer Bs have the Houston Astros one win away from ending 43 seasons of playoff failure. Carlos Beltran hit a two-run homer and Brandon Backe pitched six solid innings in his 
Ortiz growing more popular in Boston David Ortiz has yet to steal a base for the Red Sox. He #39;s unlikely to score from first on anything but a homer. For him to triple, something pretty awful has to happen to at least two outfielders.
Dream Weaver #39;s worst nightmare This just in. In addition to that whole Milton Bradley thing, the Dodgers are now also demanding that Fox erase all tapes of this division series against the Cardinals.
Bosnia holds rival Serbia to 0-0 draw Bosnia held Balkan rival Serbia-Montenegro to a 0-0 draw Saturday in a World Cup qualifier, the first competitive match between the neighboring countries that fought a civil war from 1992-95.
Landslides, Flooding Plague South Asia (AP) AP - Unseasonably heavy downpours have triggered landslides and submerged large areas in northeastern India, Bangladesh and Nepal the past three days, leaving at least 144 people dead, officials said Saturday.
Dozens Detained in Egypt Bombing Probe TABA, Egypt - Investigators lifted fingerprints, swabbed dust and collected tissue from the wreckage of three car bombings Saturday and detained dozens of Bedouin tribesmen, including quarry workers who could have provided the explosives that killed at least 34 people.    Israel blamed al-Qaida for the Thursday night attacks in two Sinai resorts, and Egyptian investigators were leaning toward an al-Qaida connection as well...
Was Bush Wired? Ridiculous, Campaign Says CHANHASSEN, Minn. - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen...
Al-Sadr Loyalists Agree to Hand Over Arms BAGHDAD, Iraq - Shiite militiamen loyal to radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed Saturday to begin handing in weapons, a significant step toward restoring order in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City slum as the interim government struggles to curb Iraq's more widespread Sunni insurgency.    In a sign of persistent Sunni unrest, clashes flared in several cities as the search continued for the body of British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who was decapitated by his abductors - reportedly after a failed escape attempt...
Classmates Sue Over 'Dazed and Confused' SANTA FE, N.M. - Three former high school classmates of "Dazed and Confused" director Richard Linklater have filed a lawsuit claiming they have suffered embarrassment and ridicule because of characters based on them in the movie...
Candidates Spar After Contentious Debate ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...
Tanker deal nears OK WASHINGTON - Legislation that would allow the Air Force to buy outright 100 new aerial refueling tankers was expected to be approved by the House on Friday, and a Washington state congressman said language in the bill would ensure the deal would involve 
Town welcomes curbs on refinery Just about anyone who has lived awhile in this small town nestled between a fuel refinery and an asphalt refinery has grown accustomed to the rank smell.
File swappers face new antipiracy push A new round of lawsuits aimed at prolific Internet song-swappers could be announced as early as Thursday as music executives meet in London to discuss the next step in their global war on Internet piracy.
Suborbital legislation suddenly sinks Just days after SpaceShipOne #39;s prize-winning flight opened the world #39;s eyes to the prospect for private spaceflight, legislation that might have opened the way for paying passengers to get on 
World #39;s top swimmers tackle Olympic distances in shorter pools The temporary pool set up for the World Short Course Championships is, well, short. Swimmers dive in and a few breaths later, they reach the wall at the other end.
drivers #39; role in the big picture If things worked like the most cynical believe they do, Tony Stewart would get six speeding penalties in Sunday #39;s Banquet 400 at Kansas Speedway.
South Carolina Gamecocks COLUMBIA, South Carolina (Ticker) -- South Carolina blew another home lead and lost another Southeastern Conference home game. Bill Flowers reeled in a 29-yard touchdown pass from Ethan Flatt with 1:05 to 
Jacques Derrida, founder of deconstructionist philosophy, dead at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jacques Derrida, a philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the French president #39;s office said Saturday.
4 killed, 22 injured in Kashmir attack A suicide car bomber rammed into an army convoy in Indian-controlled Kashmir on Saturday, triggering an explosion that left four people dead and 22 wounded, the army said.
EPA Cuts Pollution Levels With Refinery Settlements Despite its continuing difficulties forcing power plants to reduce their toxic emissions, the Environmental Protection Agency has enjoyed unusual success in bringing 
Saved, and Enslaved, by the Cell A growing number of experts say cellphone use may be making us less autonomous and less capable of solving problems on our own.
A Home Theater That Rattles the Windows Without Breaking the Bank Thanks primarily to the DVD, home theaters have come within reach of many shoppers in the last few years. But why choose one over another?
Pentagon meddling crippled post-war humanitarian aid for Iraq: US experts (AFP) AFP - Interference by the Pentagon delivered a massive blow to efforts to provide humanitarian relief for Iraq after last year's war, according to two US aid experts who struggled with the conflict's chaotic aftermath.
Gallachers 66 is Old gold Being Scottish doesnt mean you have to like the Old Course at St Andrews, though Stephen Gallacher has found a new fondness for the Home of Golf after carding a 66 on the third day of the Dunhill Links Championship.
Slovenia stun Italy as Cesar cuts down Lippi Slovenia pulled off a famous result yesterday, defeating Italy to go top of Group Five. A solitary goal by Bostjan Cesar after 82 minutes gave the hosts victory in Celje to inflict a first World Cup qualifying group defeat on Marcello Lippi #39;s side.
Howard wins historic fourth term Prime Minister John Howard is set to become the second longest serving Prime Minister after the Coalition #39;s convincing win in yesterday #39;s federal election.
The family that fought to the end for their man The tragedy of Ken Bigley #39;s kidnap and eventual murder was matched only by the courage of a family who refused to give up. This is the inside story of the desperate attempts to free him.
Chinese engineers kidnapped in Wana PESHAWAR: Two Chinese engineers working at the Gomal Zam Dam project in South Waziristan Agency were kidnapped along with a security guard and a co-worker on Saturday morning.
Landslides, Flooding Plague South Asia A rickshaw puller transports passengers as others wade through knee-deep floodwater in Tarun Nagar area of Gauhati, in the northeastern Indian state of Assam, Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004.
Swiss Club Signs Halpern Twenty-four days into the NHL lockout, Capitals center Jeff Halern signs with a Swiss League team.
Finance: Losing the Right to Sue (Reuters) Reuters - More and more businesses are\sticking mandatory arbitration clauses into their contracts,\forcing consumers to give up their right to sue if they want to\conduct business, and consumer groups have made the elimination\of these clauses a top priority.
Naga leaders in Delhi for talks Separatist leaders from the north-east Indian state of Nagaland arrive in Delhi for peace talks.
Baseball-Backe Pitches Astros to 2-1 Series Lead  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Brandon Backe, a little-known local,  who arrived in the shadow of famous hometown heroes Roger  Clemens and Andy Pettitte last winter, brought the Houston  Astros to within a game of the franchise's first postseason  series victory in an 8-5 win over the Atlanta Braves Saturday.
Peterson Powers Oklahoma Over Texas  DALLAS (Sports Network) - Freshman Adrian Peterson rushed  for a season-high 225 yards and Kejuan Jones scored the game's  only touchdown, as second-ranked Oklahoma blanked No. 5 Texas,  12-0, in the Red River Shootout at the Cotton Bowl.
Clemens Ready to Make History for Astros  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Roger Clemens came out of brief  retirement earlier this year with one goal in mind...to lead  his hometown Houston Astros to post-season glory for the first  time.
Google Searches Go Mobile Google #39;s short message service (SMS) is accessible immediately to beta testers. The service will enable users of mobile phones and other handheld devices to send text message queries and receive 
Cardinals keep on cruising despite average starting pitching ST. LOUIS -- Good starting pitching, to the marauding Cardinals of St. Louis, is not much more than an afterthought these days. It #39;s nice to have.
Bosnian Serb war-crimes suspect surrenders A Bosnian Serb war-crimes suspect accused of genocide in the 1995 massacre of up to 8,000 Muslim men and boys surrendered Saturday, the government said.
Powerful Typhoon Hits Japanese Coast (AP) AP - A powerful typhoon raked Japan's Pacific coastline Saturday, killing at least two people and leaving at least five others missing in the most powerful storm to hit the nation in a decade, officials said.
Abortion provokes ethics clash for US presidential contenders (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush vowed Friday that no public money would be spent on abortion -- which with embryonic stem cell research provoked an impassioned ethical clash with Democratic challenger John Kerry.
Martha #39;s new home is jail TREND-setter Martha Stewart yesterday began a five-month jail term, for lying about a stock sale, at a minimum-security prison known as  quot;Camp Cupcake quot;.
Employment rises during September The four hurricanes striking Florida and other coastal states in the past two months appear  quot;to have held down employment growth but not enough to change materially quot; the overall jobs picture in September, the Labor Department said Friday.
Wasserstein cancels board meeting to woo Lazard rebels Bruce Wasserstein, the chief executive of Lazard, has cancelled a board meeting scheduled for tomorrow that would have given him a further opportunity to push through 
An aviation milestone If it didn #39;t cross your mind while watching video footage of SpaceShipOne streaking into space over California #39;s Mojave Desert on Monday, there were plenty of commentators on hand to jog your sense of history.
Sooners offense goes back in time For five seasons at Oklahoma, coach Bob Stoops won with an offense as modern as it was effective. The Sooners came out of the locker room throwing, and their speed and their scheme 
Sports: (15) Wisconsin 24 (18) Ohio State 13 COLUMBUS, Ohio Fifteenth-ranked Wisconsin won its third straight trip to Ohio Stadium. Anthony Davis slashed for 168 yards and a touchdown and the Badgers beat 18th-ranked Ohio State 24-to-13.
Predictable Scots are punished by Iversen Scotland #39;s prospects of qualifying for the World Cup from Group 5 - or even of securing victory in Moldova on Wednesday - turned from dark grey to pitch black yesterday, when a predictably uninspired beating from Norway left them with one point from their 
Tennessee Knocks Georgia from Unbeaten Ranks ATHENS, Georgia (Sports Network) - Freshman quarterback Erik Ainge threw two touchdown passes as No. 17 Tennessee held off third-ranked and previously unbeaten Georgia for a 19-14 win in an SEC clash at Sanford Stadium.
No. 9 Purdue 20, Penn St. 13 Taylor Stubblefield caught a 40-yard touchdown pass and became the Big Ten #39;s career receptions leader as No. 9 Purdue held on to beat Penn State 20-13 on Saturday night.
President of Syria Defends His Nation #39;s Role in Lebanon President Bashar al-Assad of Syria made a rare, often confrontational foreign policy speech on Saturday, suggesting that the efforts by the United States and France 
Oklahoma Moseys Into Texas and Takes the Beast by the Horns The gloomy day provided a fitting setting for the Longhorns, who lost because of a dismal offense and their inability to stop the freshman tailback Adrian Peterson.
Deutsche Telekom to Buy Back Web Unit (AP) AP - German phone giant Deutsche Telekom said it plans to buy back full control of its Internet unit by next year to profit from burgeoning demand for broadband Internet services, a move that could cost the company euro2.9 billion (US #36;3.6 billion).
21 Killed in Fresh Iraq Violence BAGHDAD, 6 December 2004 - Seventeen civilians were killed and 13 wounded in Tikrit yesterday as gunmen ambushed a bus full of Iraqis working for the US military, while a car bomb and a gun attack killed four members of the Iraqi security forces 
Beckham suffers rib fracture Having reminded Mancunians of what they are missing courtesy of a superlative goal at Old Trafford yesterday, David Beckham will sit out England #39;s World Cup qualifier in Azerbaijan on Wednesday 
Milosevic:  #39;no link to genocide found #39; Fresh controversy has hit the war crimes trial of Slobodan Milosevic with a claim from a senior intelligence analyst that the Yugoslav leader is innocent of genocide.
Australian PM Howard Easily Re-Elected (AP) AP - Prime Minister John Howard's conservative alliance handily won a fourth term in Australia's parliamentary elections Saturday, overcoming widespread anger at his decision to send troops to Iraq last year and his pledge to keep them there.
Polls say Kerry narrowly won US election debate (AFP) AFP - Snap polls taken after the second US presidential election debate said Senator John Kerry narrowly beat President George W. Bush.
Tennis: Moya thrilled at win Spain's Carlos Moya says Davis Cup victory over the USA is "like a dream".
Karzai's Opponents Claim Fraud in Election KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghans packed polling stations on Saturday for a historic presidential election that was blemished when all 15 candidates opposing U.S.-backed interim President Hamid Karzai withdrew, charging the government and the U.N. with fraud and incompetence...
Deutsche Telekom to reintegrate T-Online in share swap, buyback FRANKFURT, Oct 9 (AFP) - Germany #39;s Deutsche Telekom is to reintegrate its Internet arm T-Online, Europe #39;s largest Internet provider, via a swap for Telekom shares and a share buyback offer, the company said Saturday.
Google starts a service to aid online book sales FRANKFURT Google has introduced a search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Amazon.
US House Passes Anti-Spyware Bill WASHINGTONThe US House of Representatives on Thursday overwhelmingly passed a bill that would make spyware illegaland provide stiff sanctions for anyone found breaking that law.
Beckham fires England England has moved one step closer to qualification for the World Cup finals with a 2-0 victory over Wales at Old Trafford. However the news was not so good for some of the other big names on the continent, with 
House Approves Drought, Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - The House on Saturday unanimously approved  #36;14.5 billion for hurricane victims and struggling farmers as Congress moved a step closer to showering money on Florida and other pivotal states in the upcoming elections.
Yankees Earn Shot at Red Sox in A.L.C.S. A big home run by Ruben Sierra, a clutch 11th-inning hit by Alex Rodriguez and the Yankees are headed right back where most people figured.
Lies and the Lying CEO #39;s Who Tell Them TO the casual observer, Oracle v. PeopleSoft, the case unfolding in Delaware Chancery Court, is just the latest round in an ugly and long takeover fight between two software giants.
Slow, slow, quick, quick, slow THIS weekend I am wrestling with the perfect gift for the next IMF summit of central bankers. It is an exuberant, gothic, mahogany-encased, 19th century American gingerbread mantelpiece clock.
Yankees Beat Twins to Win Playoff Series (AP) AP - A big home run by Ruben Sierra, a clutch 11th-inning hit by Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees are headed right back where most people figured  #151; playing the Boston Red Sox for the AL pennant. Sierra's three-run homer in the eighth inning tied it, then Rodriguez doubled, alertly stole third base and scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch by Kyle Lohse to lift the Yankees over the Minnesota Twins 6-5 Saturday.
Late Collapse Costs Twins Their Season (AP) AP - The Minnesota Twins insisted they were a far better team than the one steamrolled out of last year's division series by the New York Yankees. And they might have been.
UPDATE 1-Mauresmo and Davenport to meet in Filderstadt final Amelie Mauresmo safeguarded her number one ranking for another week when she beat fourth seed Svetlana Kuznetsova 7-5 6-4 to reach the final of the Filderstadt Grand Prix tennis tournament on Saturday.
Oklahoma #39;s mastery of Texas borders on ridiculous DALLAS -- Oklahoma #39;s dominance of Texas is reaching infomercial status. Less annoying, maybe, but more effective. It has become a rite of fall.
Karl Malone Visits Lakers Training Camp (AP) AP - Karl Malone showed up at the Los Angeles Lakers training camp Saturday to visit old teammates and club officials.
CLERIC KILLED IN PAKISTAN A leading pro-Taliban Sunni Muslim cleric has been shot dead in the Pakistani city of Karachi. Mufti Mohammed Jamil was reported to have been on his way home when two gunmen on a motorcycle stopped his car and opened fire with automatic weapons.
Dodgers Take 3-0 Lead Over Cardinals (AP) AP - The Dodgers took a 3-0 lead over the St. Louis Cardinals after four innings in Game 3 of the NL division series on Saturday.
Lehman Uses Long Putter to Lead Michelin (AP) AP - Tom Lehman has a love-hate relationship with the long putter that sometimes makes its way into his bag. Lately, he's been finding a lot more to love about it than ever before.
Astros Make the Most of Their Home Field, and Atlanta Is the Victim The Houston Astros won their 19th straight game at home and are one game from winning their first playoff series in 42 years.
Trojans Hang On to Spoil Stellar Day for Cal Quarterback Aaron Rodgers tied an N.C.A.A. record by completing 23 consecutive passes, but he watched his last three attempts sail off target in the final minute.
Yankees Close Out Twins Alex Rodriguez scores on a wild pitch in the 11th innning to lead the New York Yankees into the AL Championship Series by defeating the Minnesota Twins, 6-5, on Saturday.
Imoh, Hokies Nip Wake Mike Imoh runs for 100 yards and the winning touchdown Saturday to lead Virginia Tech to a 17-10 victory over Wake Forest on Saturday.
Jeffries Ready to Shine Forward Jared Jeffries has turned heads with his remarkable shot-blocking and leaping ability early in training camp. The third-year player is hoping for a breakout season.
Francona Urges Injection Red Sox manager Terry Francona wants ace starter Curt Schilling to take a painkilling shot to ensure his health for Game 1 of the AL Championship Series.
Commander and Chief Presidentialaffair, blessed with blazing speed and cursed by abscessed hooves, finally settles down for saddling then blows away the field with a gate-to-wire victory in the Maryland Million Classic.
Kidd Changes Mind Jason Kidd is going to attend both day and night practices during the Nets' training camp rather than pay fines he feels are misguided.
Lies and the Lying C.E.O.'s Who Tell Them Testimony in the case of Oracle v. PeopleSoft last week turned to the issue of corporate lies, and it spoke volumes about the time we live in.
One Eye on Drug Stocks, the Other on Election Day Investors' fear that drug prices will be hurt under a Kerry presidency has sent the stocks of many pharmaceutical companies lower.
The Health Care Clash Moves to the Next Aisle Supermarkets face a new showdown as labor unions determined to keep health benefits spar with management trying to compete with Wal-Mart.
Congressional panel votes to kill Boeing Air Force tanker lease A congressional committee has voted to kill a hotly contested Boeing deal to lease 767 jetliners to the US Air Force as refueling tankers.
Google library meets bookstore Internet search engine Google #39;s new search options may make Amazon.com look old fashioned. The service Google Print will allow people to read sections of books to decide whether 
Gale force is with Luke THE almighty guddles that are the first three rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship finally began to untangle themselves last night.
COL FB: Tennessee 19, Georgia 14 Freshman quarterback Erik Ainge threw two touchdown passes Saturday as No. 17 Tennessee nipped No. 3 and previously unbeaten Georgia, 19-14.
War massacre accused surrenders A BOSNIAN Serb war crimes suspect accused of genocide in the 1995 massacre of up to 8000 Muslim men and boys surrendered today to Serbian authorities, the Government said.
Boeing Loses Out on Air Force Tanker Deal Congress yesterday barred the Air Force from pursuing a \$23 billion deal to lease and then buy tankers from Boeing Co. and raised the possibility that European rival Airbus SAS could compete to build the refueling planes.
Revolving Door Wolfgang Bernhard, former DaimlerChrysler executive once slated to take over Mercedes, as head of Volkswagen #39;s VW division. Jonathan Soros and Robert Soros, as co-deputy chairmen of Soros Fund Management LLC, running dad George Soros #39;s company day to day.
Scientists Create Genetic Map of Cattle For the first time, scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, providing researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products 
CA to acquire Netegrity for \$430m Computer Associates International will acquire identity management software supplier Netegrity in an all-cash transaction valued at \$430m (241m).
For USC, repeat road is tougher LOS ANGELES -- The giddy head coach jumped up and down on the sideline like he #39;d just won the lottery. Walking into the room for his postgame press conference, he gave athletics director Mike Garrett a long 
Rescuers search for Sinai blasts survivors TABA: Rescue workers sifted through the wreckage of an Egyptian Red Sea hotel yesterday, hoping to find survivors after a series of three bombs targeting Israeli tourists in the Sinai Peninsula killed at least 33 people.
Weapons for cash deal BAGHDAD: Fighters in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City slum announced yesterday a deal to trade in their weapons for cash and to stop attacking US and Iraqi forces, raising hopes for an end to violence in the war-ravaged district.
More troops may be sent to Iraq ABOARD THE USS JOHN F KENNEDY: US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld met 18 of his counterparts on an aircraft carrier in the Gulf yesterday to reassure them on US strategy for Iraq after saying more troops may be sent in for the January elections.
Strong earthquake hits northern Japan A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.1 shook northern Japan early Friday. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Saddam clung to his fantasies Baghdad #39;s most notorious prisoner, Saddam Hussein, does not have much to do most days. His one court appearance in 10 months has come and gone.
Socceroo hot-shots COLD professionalism reigned over raw optimism yesterday as the Socceroos used their visit to the Solomon Islands to clinch a spot at next year #39;s rich Confederations Cup.
Powerful Quake Hits Off Coast of Nicaragua (AP) AP - A powerful earthquake rocked Nicaragua's western coast on Saturday, sending residents running from their homes. No major injuries or damage were immediately reported.
Presidential Election Disputed in Afghanistan First presidential election was thrown into chaos after 15 candidates opposing complaining of fraud and improper procedures.
Wis. Peace Activists Shy From Nader  LUCK, Wis. -- A small but zealous group of antiwar activists in a pacifist commune called Anathoth in this lakeside speck near the Minnesota border say that four years ago, they gave presidential candidate Ralph Nader all five of their votes.
Congress approves military and defense spending Lawmakers Saturday approved a \$447 billion 2005 defense spending bill as Congress pushed forward with final actions before adjourning for the elections.
Militia to Give Up Arms Under Sadr City Plan Militia fighters in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City are to begin surrendering their mortars, grenades, machine guns and other weapons Monday under an accord with the interim Iraqi government, both sides announced Saturday.
Review: GPS in Cell Phones Performs Well (AP) AP - OK, so I don't like asking for directions. But I don't get lost so often that I need to spend more than  #36;1,000 on a built-in car navigation system to plot my course with global positioning satellites.
Bill Would Impose Prison Time for Spyware (AP) AP - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw "spyware," irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
Mount St. Helens Quake Activity Increases (AP) AP - Earthquake activity has increased at Mount St. Helens, but scientists said Saturday there was no reason to raise the volcano's alert level. Scientists said earthquake activity had been low until Friday, indicating molten rock was moving upward with little resistance. By Saturday, however, quakes of magnitude 2.4 were occurring every one to two minutes, they said.
7-Foot Robot Used in Black Sea Expedition (AP) AP - Four years ago, scientists thought they had found the perfect place to settle the Noah flood debate: A farmer's house on a bluff overlooking the Black Sea built about 7,500 years ago  #151; just before tidal waves inundated the homestead, submerged miles of coastline and turned the freshwater lake into a salty sea.
Mathematicians Offer Help in Terror Fight (AP) AP - A small group of thinking men and women convened at Rutgers University last month to consider how order theory  #151; a branch of abstract mathematics that deals with hierarchical relationships  #151; could be applied to the war on terror.
Lima pitches Dodgers past Cardinals LOS ANGELES - Jose Lima willed the Los Angeles Dodgers to their first postseason win in more than 15 years. Lima pitched eight shut out innings in a 4-0 win against the St.
No. 17 Tennessee 19, No. 3 Georgia 14 ATHENS, Ga. Erik Ainge threw a pair of touchdown passes to lead Number 17 Tennessee to a 19-14 upset of third-ranked Georgia on Saturday.
Jacques Derrida Dies; Deconstructionist Philosopher Jacques Derrida, 74, originator of the diabolically difficult school of philosophy known as deconstructionism, died Oct. 9, the office of French President Jacques Chirac announced.
2 Chinese engineers kidnapped in Pak Two Chinese engineers and their Pakistani security guard were kidnapped early today by unidentified men in Pakistan #39;s South Waziristan tribal area, bordering Afghanistan, where security forces have launched operations to flush out hiding Al-Qaeda militants 
Typhoon Kills at Least Two in Storm-Weary Japan  TOKYO, Oct. 9 -- A powerful typhoon raked Japan's Pacific coastline Saturday, killing at least two people and leaving at least five others missing in the most powerful storm to hit the nation in a decade, officials said.
Politics Puts Hold on Taiwan Arms Purchase  TAIPEI, Taiwan -- A proposed \$18.2 billion purchase of U.S. weapons by Taiwan has bogged down in the island's hard-fought electoral politics despite repeated warnings from the Bush administration that the new arms are imperative to bolster defenses against China.
Lima shuts down St. Louis, Morris gets no offensive help Matt Morris had every reason to believe he could dominate the Dodgers again. He #39;d shut them out with a two-hitter last month -- so what if he #39;d struggled down the stretch in the regular season?
Howard records fourth poll win SYDNEY: Australian Prime Minister John Howard, a key US ally and supporter of the Iraq war, resoundingly beat centre-left opposition Labour at a national election yesterday to win a fourth straight term in office.
Typhoon hits Japanese coast The most powerful typhoon to barrel into Japan #39;s Pacific coastline in a decade made its landfall on Saturday. It unleashed gales and blinding sheets of rain that ground planes, flood homes and set off mudslides.
Schumacher grabs Japan pole World champion Michael Schumacher took advantage of the drying conditions to grab his eighth pole of the season in qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix.
One Man #39;s Opinion - Cal review In football, just as in many other aspects of life, it is the bottom line that counts. In that respect, this game was a huge success.
Henne displays true leadership under pressure in winning drive He had come this far, from high school senior to Michigan #39;s starting quarterback in the blink of a few months, sheesh, what was another 87 yards to validation?
Tennessee earns a little respect defeat of Georgia No. 17 Tennessee arrived at No. 3 Georgia on Saturday, coming off a loss to Auburn, while the Bulldogs had thrashed LSU. Not only did the Volunteers drop nine spots in the national rankings 
Morris Gets No Offensive Help From Cards (AP) AP - Matt Morris had every reason to believe he could dominate the Dodgers again. He'd shut them out with a two-hitter last month  #151; so what if he'd struggled down the stretch in the regular season?
Texas Tech Gives Nebraska Worst Loss Ever (AP) AP - Texas Tech handed Nebraska its worst lost in the Cornhuskers' storied 114-year history, with Sonny Cumbie throwing for 436 yards and five touchdowns in the Red Raiders' 70-10 victory Saturday night.
Prime Minister Howard re-elected in Australia Australian Prime Minister John Howard managed to secure another term as leader after election results released Saturday handily declared him the winner.
Rodriguez Scores Winning Run as Yankees Take Series  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alex Rodriguez scored from third base  on a wild pitch by Kyle Lohse in the top of the 11th inning,  giving the New York Yankees a 6-5 win over the Minnesota Twins  in their American League Divisional Series in Minneapolis  Saturday.
Thanks to Lima and Green, Dodgers Finally Have Some Life Jose Lima handled the pitching, Shawn Green handled the hitting, and the Los Angeles Dodgers handled the St. Louis Cardinals on Saturday night.
Donald Trumps Field Luke Donald shoots a 4-under-par 68 for a two-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship in St. Andrews, Scotland on Saturday.
United Tops Revolution Christian Gomez scores in the 32nd minute to give D.C. United a 1-0 win over the New England Revolution on Saturday night.
It #39;s Lima Time as Dodgers shutout Cardinals Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Jose Lima tossed a five-hit shutout and Shawn Green homered twice as the Los Angeles Dodgers staved off elimination in the National League Division Series with a 4-0 blanking of the St.
Irish duo to reject Glazer #39;s 780m Man U bid JP McManus and John Magnier, the Irish racehorse owners, are to reject Malcolm Glazer #39;s 300p per share offer for their 29.9 per cent stake in Manchester United.
National League Playoff Game Capsules Houston, TX -- Morgan Ensberg went 2-for-4 and drove in three runs to lead Houston over Atlanta 8-5 in Game 3 of their National League Division Series at Minute Maid Park.
Two New Jersey high school football players accused of raping &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEWARK, NJ. -- Two football players accused of raping a 15-year-old schoolmate have been charged with sexual assault, authorities said.
UN soldier injured in clash with Aristide loyalists A UN peacekeeper and a Haitian policeman were injured Saturday in a clash with loyalists of former Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in Port-au-Prince.
Town, others cash in on media moguls imprisonment Betty Alderson, above, talks Thursday in Alderson, W.Va., about the excitement in the town about Martha Stewarts imprisonment at the Alderson Federal Prison Camp.
Citigroup sues Italy over Parmalat Citigroup sued Italy on Friday, claiming that the government appointee who runs the bankrupt Parmalat would unfairly pay only 2 million euros (US\$2.
Olympic horses get positive result for banned substances Showjumper Cian O #39;Connor, winner of Ireland #39;s only gold medal in Athens, said his horse Waterford Crystal was among them, issuing a statement shortly after the International Equestrian Federation announced the positive tests.
USC barely holds off California Rodgers, who matched an NCAA record by completing 23 consecutive passes, threw an incomplete pass on 4th-and-goal with 1:16 left as No.
Defensive stand allows UNC to stun Wolfpack CHAPEL HILL -- It was an ending that left North Carolina fans storming the Kenan Stadium turf in celebration while NC State fans walked away howling mad.
Harbhajan is confident of repeat Indian comeback BANGALORE Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh is confident India will bounce back in the Test series against Australia as they did three years ago.
'New' giant ape found in DR Congo Scientists discover a new group of giant apes in central Africa, which could be a new species of primate.
Perfectly Imperfect The Bowl Championship Series is designed to match the No. 1 and No. 2 college football teams in an ultimate championship game. And when you examine the matchup for the Jan. 4 Orange Bowl - USC (12-0) and Oklahoma 
National League Playoff Game Capsules Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Morgan Ensberg went 2-for-4 and drove in three runs to lead Houston over Atlanta 8-5 in Game 3 of their National League Division Series at Minute Maid Park.
Bush Aides Laugh Off 'Wired Debate' Rumor (AP) AP - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen. John Kerry. "It's not true. It's ridiculous," Bush campaign spokesman Scott Stanzel said.
Unbeaten Auburn gets squeezed out of Orange It came down to simple math. Three teams trying to squeeze into two slots. No computer printout, no voter bias, no pleas by coaches could solve that problem for the Bowl Championship Series.
Afghan Poll Is Mostly Calm, but Challengers Cry Foul Afghans turned out to vote in large numbers on Saturday, but Hamid Karzai and his rivals disputed the integrity of the vote.
So Alike, Rivals Make It Personal Since World War II, no two candidates have had such strikingly similar backgrounds of class and privilege. So, why do these guys dislike each other so much?
Bush Aides Laugh Off 'Wired Debate' Rumor CHANHASSEN, Minn. - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen...
Taiwan's Leader Urges China to Begin Talks TAIPEI, Taiwan - Taiwan's leader used his National Day speech Sunday to urge China to begin peace talks so the two rivals can avoid war. Chinese and Taiwanese leaders haven't met since the Communists took over China in 1949 and Taiwan began resisting the mainland's rule...
Brazilian Soldier Wounded in Haiti Unrest &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Joseph Guyler Delva&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; GONAIVES, Haiti (Reuters) - A Brazilian soldier with theU.N. peacekeeping force in Haiti was shot and wounded Saturdaywhen peacekeepers and local police faced gunfire in a crackdownon armed gangs in the Haitian capital.&lt;/p&gt;
Sirius Satellite Radio:  quot;Broadway: The American Musical quot; Director &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Special guest Oct. 11-24 on  quot;Radio Playbill quot; is Michael Kantor, who has spent much of the last decade on an epic project, the six-part TV miniseries,  quot;Broadway: The American Musical, quot; debuting Oct. 19-21 on PBS.
CHUCK JAFFE BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Mediocre investments bleed shareholders slowly, and don #39;t always look bad in doing it. Free! Sign up here to receive our Mutual Funds Weekly e-Newsletter!
lice provide clue to prehistoric lives A study of an ancient human pest - head lice -uggests that the ancestors of today #39;s American Indians may have met and fought with pre-humans long extinct elsewhere, scientists said on Tuesday.
Domenech pleased with France despite dull performance France coach Raymond Domenech was surprisingly pleased with his team #39;s lacklustre performance in the goalless draw against Ireland in their World Cup qualifier on Saturday.
COL FB: NorCarolina 30, NC State 24 A North Carolina goal line stand as time ran out Saturday night enabled the Tar Heels to post a 30-24 win over the No. 25 North Carolina State Wolfpack.
X-ray fireworks could signal supernovae NASA astronomers last month detected two X-ray blasts and an almost-gamma ray burst that could be signs of imminent supernovae. The X-ray flashes came on 12 and 16 September, followed on 24 September by something 
Australias conservatives handed historic free rein to impose &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY - Prime Minister John Howard looked set Sunday to hold the most powerful mandate of any Australian leader in a generation after weekend elections handed him effective control of both houses of parliament and free rein to impose his conservative 
2 Chinese engineers kidnapped WANA, Oct 9: Two Chinese engineers and their five security guards were kidnapped on Saturday while travelling through the South Waziristan Agency.
Brazilian Soldier Wounded in Haiti Unrest A Brazilian soldier with the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti was shot and wounded Saturday when peacekeepers and local police faced gunfire in a crackdown on armed gangs in the Haitian capital.
Cambodia to ask donors for \$2bn One of the world's poorest countries, Cambodia, is set to ask for almost \$2bn in aid over the next three years.
No. 24 LSU Knocks Off No. 12 Florida 24-21 (AP) AP - Marcus Randall may have saved LSU's season. Randall came off the bench and threw two touchdown passes, including a 10-yarder with 27 seconds to play, to help No. 24 LSU upset No. 12 Florida 24-21 Saturday night.
International Briefs TABA, Egypt- Investigators lifted fingerprints, swabbed dust and collected tissue yesterday from the wreckage of three car bombings and detained scores of Bedouin tribesmen, including quarry workers who could have provided the explosives that killed at 
Randall Rallies Tigers Marcus Randall comes off the bench to throw two touchdown passes, including a 10-yarder with 27 seconds to play, to help No. 24 LSU upset No. 12 Florida, 24-21, on Saturday night.
Lineup Shifts Pay Off Brian McBride and 20-year-old Eddie Johnson strike for goals on Saturday night to secure the U.S. national team a hard-fought, 2-0 win over host El Salvador.
Eurozone data to show inflation easing, German growth outlook worsens (AFP) AFP - Eurozone data to be released in the coming week will show inflation is easing, but that the outlook for German growth is deteriorating while British figures should provide clues about future interest rate action, economists said.
Cutting back the paper A new federal law takes effect Oct. 28, increasing odds that a check will bounce if you pay now, deposit later -- counting on the time that can be taken in processing a check to cover what ends up as a withdrawal from your account.
England beat Wales at Old Trafford David Beckham celebrated his return to Old Trafford with one of his finest goals in an England shirt as Sven-Goran Eriksson #39;s side imperiously brushed Wales aside with a composed 2-0 win.
Tennis: Russian starlet Sharapova wows Asia with double title win TOKYO : Asia has fallen in love with Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova -- and the feeling is mutual. The 17-year-old Russian starlet left here Sunday with two more WTA titles safely packed away in her luggage 
Briton Donald takes lead in Links title chase Britain #39;s Luke Donald continued his remarkable run in Europe by setting up the chance of a third win in seven events when he took over the Dunhill Links Championship lead on Saturday.
Mauresmo reaches semifinals New world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo led the top four seeds into the semifinals Friday at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix. Mauresmo replaced Justine Henin-Hardenne as the world #39;s top 
NCAA Game Summary - LSU at Florida It was Casey #39;s first collegiate TD...These two teams met for the 51st time with the Gators still holding a 27-21-3 lead in the series that dates back to 1937...LSU coach Nick Saban has a 2-3 mark vs. Florida 
Jordan: Ford decision was knife through the heart. The Jordan team has vowed to bounce back from its latest crisis, despite likening Ford #39;s recent decision to cease all of its Formula One activities to a .
Houston tops Atlanta, leads 2-1 Carlos Beltran hit a two-run homer and Brandon Backe pitched six solid innings in his postseason debut as the Houston Astros got their 19th straight home win, 8-5 over Atlanta yesterday for a 2-1 lead in their NL Divisional Playoffs series.
Mauresmo v Davenport in final Filderstadt, Germany - France #39;s Amelie Mauresmo assured her world number one spot on Saturday when she beat US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia to advance to a final showdown with Lindsay Davenport in the \$650/ amp;nsbp;000 WTA event here.
MLB: Los Angeles 4, St. Louis 0 Jose Lima had a five-hit shutout and Shawn Green two homers Saturday as Los Angeles stayed in its NL Division Series by beating St.
Nation puts its trust in Howard PRIME Minister John Howard had every reason to give thanks as he attended church today, while Opposition Leader Mark Latham was keeping a low profile in the aftermath of the Coalition #39;s stunning election win.
Asia-Europe Group Urged to Use Euros, Cut Dollar Dependence Asian and European nations should cut dollar dependence and use more euros in trade, according to an advisory group representing more than three dozen countries, which comprise half of the global economy.
Boston Scientific goes shopping The Natick medical devices company is using profits from its successful Taxus stent to expand into new areas. By Ross Kerber, Globe Staff  December 6, 2004.
Restructuring Gurus See Day of Reckoning  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rising interest rates, record oil  prices and geopolitical instability may send chills down the  spines of finance directors of debt-strapped global  corporations.
Nigeria union leader goes missing Adams Oshiomhole, the president of Nigeria #39;s main union body, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), is missing. He was picked up by secret police at the airport of the capital, Abuja, early on Saturday.
Rumsfeld Arrives at Desert Marine Base in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Defense Secretary Donald\Rumsfeld swept into an airbase in Iraq's western desert Sunday\to make a first-hand evaluation of operations to quell a raging\Iraqi insurgency in his first such visit in five months.
Australia's Howard Celebrates Fourth Poll Win  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's conservative Prime Minister  John Howard, a key U.S. ally and supporter of the Iraq war,  celebrated his election win Sunday after voters enjoying the  fruits of a strong economy gave him a fourth term.
Survey: Gas prices drop as oil production increases That #39;s according to the Lundberg Survey. It cites an increase in crude oil supplies combined with the recovery of US offshore oil production after Hurricane Ivan.
Rumsfeld Arrives at Desert Marine Base in Iraq  AL-ASAD AIRBASE, Iraq (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald  Rumsfeld swept into an airbase in Iraq's western desert Sunday  to make a first-hand evaluation of operations to quell a raging  Iraqi insurgency in his first such visit in five months.
Purchasing scandal yields hard lesson for Air Force At a special Pentagon ceremony in late 1996, then-Air Force Secretary Sheila Widnall honored a top aide, Darleen Druyun, who was responsible for shepherding multibillion dollar 
Wall Street Covers Its Fannie Mae When Wall Street #39;s biggest firms settled with regulators in April 2003 over charges of fraudulent stock research, the industry promised a new era of independence.
Numbers won #39;t include last-minute Halloween sales Wal-Mart Stores said Saturday that last-minute Halloween shoppers won #39;t be part of its October results. Free! Sign up here to receive our Internet Daily e-Newsletter!
Yankees face Red Sox next as expected Kind of makes you wonder why they had to play those first 166 games, doesn #39;t it? It was always going to be Yankees-Red Sox. The entire season built to this, the same way last season did.
Vogts: Scotland played so well A Steffen Iversen penalty was sufficient to secure the points for Norway at Hampden on Saturday. James McFadden was ordered off after 53 minutes for deliberate handball as he punched Claus Lundekvam #39;s header off the line.
Glazer may dump Man Utd chairman Gardner Manchester United chairman Sir Roy Gardner could be on his way out if Malcolm Glazer #39;s takeover bid is successful. The Observer says Glazer he is likely to oust Gardner and install his son Joel as chairman at Old Trafford.
No. 1 Trojans prevail LOS ANGELES - Southern California seemed helpless as Aaron Rodgers picked away at its defense, hitting pass after pass. But with California just 9 yards from a potential winning score, the Trojans finally 
Aggies dim lights on Iowa State #39;s party There was irritation among some Texas A amp;M players this week when they learned they were the opponent for the Iowa State homecoming game.
Afghan elections stained by faulty ink Afghanistan #39;s historic presidential election turned sour Saturday when all 15 candidates opposing US-backed interim President Hamid Karzai withdrew in the middle of voting 
Israel: No Vacation From Terror Oct. 18 issue - The first warnings filtered into the offices of Israel #39;s Shabak security service last January. Terrorists were plotting to carry out an attack on Israeli tourists in Egypt #39;s Sinai Peninsula 
Rumsfeld meets at sea with defense ministers With support for operations in Iraq flagging in some allied nations, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld gathered 18 defense ministers aboard 
Japan typhoon leaves five dead, four missing Five people were dead and four still missing on Sunday as Japan began a clean up after the most powerful typhoon in a decade hit the Tokyo region.
Cambodia #39;s King Sihanouk insists abdication is final PHNOM PENH: Cambodia #39;s retired King Norodom Sihanouk has confirmed that he will not retake the throne despite the pleas of his nation to change his mind.
Turkey #39;s continental drift Turkey seemed to shift geographically Westward on Wednesday, after the European Commission opened the way for it to become a full member of the European Union.
Israelis Kill Hamas Militant in Gaza (AP) AP - Israeli soldiers on Saturday shot and killed a Hamas militant who the military said was responsible for a rocket attack that killed two Israeli preschoolers last week and triggered an army offensive in northern Gaza.
Rooney rules as Beckham chips opponents England surely confirmed they #39;re well on the way to booking their place to the World Cup in Germany in 2006, after easily outclassing Wales 2-0 overnight in the European 
Trojans eke out win over Bears LOS ANGELES - With 81 seconds to go Saturday afternoon, Southern California coach Pete Carroll summoned his dog-tired defenders to the sideline.
Huskies sink UCF on final-play kick A week after bottoming out at Buffalo, the University of Central Florida looked like a different team against Northern Illinois on Saturday night.
Australian Opposition Sticking by Latham Opposition Labor party leader Mark Latham gestures as he concedes defeat of general election Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004 in Sydney. John Howards conservative coalition party the Liberals, won a fourth consecutive term in power.
Several Hurt in Israeli Missile Strike Palestinians walk in the ruins of a house that was destroyed in an ongoing Israeli army operation in the Jebaliya refugee camp, northern Gaza Strip, Saturday Oct. 9, 2004.
Plan to ask Cambodian King to stay on Cambodians are awaiting the outcome of a trip to China by one of the country #39;s leaders, who is hoping to coax King Norodom Sihanouk into reversing his decision to abdicate.
Yankees Advance in Major League Baseball Playoffs In the Major League Baseball playoffs, the New York Yankees overcame a late-game deficit to beat the host Minnesota Twins 6-5 and advance to the American League Championship series.
10 Chance of Rain Quarterback Marcus Randall threw a 10 yard touchdown pass to running back Joseph Addai with less than 30 seconds to go in the game to lift LSU to a 24-21 win over Florida Saturday night in the Swamp.
ISU vs. A amp;M: By the Quarters AMES, IA -- Here is a quarter-by-quarter summary of the Cyclones #39; 31-point loss to Texas A amp;M Saturday night at Jack Trice Stadium.
Yanks Advance to ALCS After Beating Twins MINNEAPOLIS - A big home run by Ruben Sierra, a clutch 11th-inning hit by Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees are headed right back where most people figured - playing the Boston Red Sox for the AL pennant. Sierra's three-run homer in the eighth inning tied it, then Rodriguez doubled, alertly stole third base and scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch by Kyle Lohse to lift the Yankees over the Minnesota Twins 6-5 Saturday...
Crude touches new settlement high After touching 53 dollars a barrel, light crude for November delivery settled with a gain of 65 cents at 52 dollars, 67 cents. Oil prices have risen more than 20 percent over the past month, largely in reaction 
Ford poised to go the extra mile Who said you can #39;t teach one of America #39;s oldest car companies new tricks? After years of denials and corporate indifference about the impact its products have on the environment, the Ford Motor Co.
Afghans vote peacefully Millions of enthusiastic Afghans stood in line and voted -ithout any large-scale attacks that many had feared  -the nation chose its first-ever directly elected leader.
Hot Hand, Cold Hand Larry F. Stewart, Secret Service ink specialist, who was acquitted of perjury charges in connection with his testimony in the Martha Stewart trial.
Evolution as told by the louse A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
On the verge of Cup spot Thanks to Brian McBride and Eddie Johnson, the United States can advance to the finals round of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup with a victory over Panama next week.
Rocket program deep in the red The United States military #39;s new rocket program is \$14.44 billion over budget and counting, raising questions about how long taxpayers can subsidize two of America #39;s biggest 
Satellite Radio The Issue: Howard Stern deal calls attention to area of unregulated broadcasting. Our View: This may be a significant moment in mass communications.
ASTROS TOP BRAVES  NOW ROGER GETS STAGE When Roger Clemens ended his brief retirement to sign with the Astros, he said he #39;d do anything to help his hometown team win a championship.
Latest failure shows Brown starting to lose talent battle DALLAS - OK, help me out here. Is it odd years Holiday Bowl and even years Cotton Bowl? Or even years Holiday Bowl and odd years Cotton Bowl?
Ken Bigley #39;s widow speaks out The wife of British hostage Ken Bigley, who was beheaded by militants in Iraq, has appealed for privacy to mourn her husband #39;s death.
Israelis Fire Missile at Gaza Refugee Camp An Israeli aircraft fired a missile Sunday at a Palestinian target in Gaza #39;s Jebaliya refugee camp, witnesses said. Ambulances rushed to the scene, but it was not 
Destiny bonds closer to reality The effort to secure government-backed  quot;green bonds quot; for the proposed Destiny USA project in Syracuse cleared a major hurdle in Congress Wednesday, and proponents were hoping for approval by the end of the week.
Baseball: Backe carries Astros to victory over Braves HOUSTON, Texas : Carlos Beltran doubled, homered, scored twice and drove in two runs as Houston posted an 8-5 triumph over Atlanta in game three of their National League Division Series.
Goalkeeper Barthez helps France tie Ireland Goalkeeper Fabien Barthez became a hero as France held Ireland 0-0 in their World Cup Group Four qualifier on Saturday. It was the third straight draw for France on its home ground since Raymond Domenech became coach in July.
Tennessee stuns Georgia ATHENS, Georgia (Ticker) -- Erik Ainge and David Greene looked nothing like they did a week ago and neither did No. 17 Tennessee or third-ranked Georgia.
Leaders avoid Suu Kyi issue at ASEM Leaders from Asia and Europe pledged yesterday to tackle everything from climate change to terrorism but dodged calling for the release of Myanmar democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi at the end of their two-day summit.
Pathan, Harbhajan hold up Aussie victory push (Reuters) Reuters - Indian tail-enders Irfan Pathan and Harbhajan Singh held up Australia's push for victory in the first test on Sunday with a defiant ninth-wicket partnership of 72.
Saudi Vows to Guarantee Oil Supplies  ABU DHABI (Reuters) - Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed  Sunday to guarantee world crude supplies and said it would hold  1.5-2.0 million barrels per day of spare production in reserve.
Afghans Prepare to Count Votes Despite Boycott  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's historic presidential vote,  which was held with great enthusiasm but ended in turmoil after  most candidates announced a boycott, was mostly fair,  independent observers said on Sunday.
Jacques Derrida, Abstruse Theorist, Dies at 74 Jacques Derrida was the Algerian-born, French intellectual who became one of the most celebrated and unfathomable philosophers of the late 20th century.
Large Explosion Kills Eight in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - A large explosion hit outside a police academy in downtown Baghdad on Sunday, killing eight people, officials said.    At about the same time, a car bomb blew up near a small market close to the Culture Ministry, police Lt...
Ukraine dominates security forum The pan-European security body wants to send more monitors for the re-run of the Ukrainian election.
Stewart in good spirits #39; at prison camp, staffer says Martha Stewart was the picture of loneliness Saturday as she explored the grounds of her new home - a federal prison camp in West Virginia.
Saudis ready to hike oil output Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed on Sunday to maintain spare oil production capacity of 1.5 to 2 million barrels per day and said it was prepared to hike output to meet customer demand.
Top 100 Retailers Rankings Today #39;s successful retailers are constantly reinventing themselves to differentiate their stores from competitors, especially Wal-Mart, according to the 2004 Top 100 Retailers ranking sponsored by Triversity, released in STORES magazine, the official 
Ellison testifies in takeover lawsuit Oracle Corp. CEO Larry Ellison testified yesterday that the business software maker is leaning toward lowering its \$7.7 billion bid for rival PeopleSoft 
SpaceShipOne #39;s success has the industry trying to seize momentum &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; No sooner had SpaceShipOne glided back to terra firma, claiming both the \$10 million Ansari X Prize and distinction as the first privately funded manned spaceflight, than talk turned to a glorious future: personal space trips .
Pathan, Harbhajan hold up Aussie victory push Indian tail-enders Irfan Pathan and Harbhajan Singh held up Australia #39;s push for victory in the first test on Sunday with a defiant ninth-wicket partnership of 72.
Iversen Penalty Sinks Ten Man Scotland James McFadden is red carded and Berti Vogts is sent to the stand as Scotland #39;s World Cup qualification hopes suffer another hammer blow.
Derrida, father of deconstructionism, dies number of false assumptions and that they have multiple meanings which even their author may not have understood. It is heralded as showing the multiple layers of meaning at work in language, but was described by critics as nihilistic.
Nigeria police said to detain labor exec Plainclothes police detained a prominent Nigerian labor leader Saturday, bundling him into a car at an airport in an apparent effort to stop a threatened nationwide 
Reduction in work force reflects AT amp;T #39;s downfall AT amp;T Corp. two decades ago employed more than 1 million people in the United States. The recent announcement that AT amp;T will cut its work force 20 percent to 49,000 by year #39;s 
Saudi Vows to Guarantee Oil Supplies Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed Sunday to guarantee world crude supplies and said it would hold 1.5-2.0 million barrels per day of spare production in reserve.
With Escape, the SUV gets greener If the development of the hybrid gasoline/electric vehicle can be described in golf terms, we #39;re early in the match, far from making the turn at the ninth hole.
Questioning BPI Since March, the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) have been running a media campaign to warn users that if they do not stop file sharing, they will have to face the consequences.
Hundreds of file-sharing lawsuits filed against Kazaa, Gnutella &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The very lawsuits that swept through US cyberspace have reportedly made their way across the Atlantic. The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry said Thursday that it filed 459 criminal and 
Netegrity Readies for \$430 Million Acquisition Netegrity, Inc., a leading provider of identity and access management solutions, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Computer Associates International, Inc.
Schumacher wins Japanese Grand Prix Michael Schumacher drove his Ferrarito an easy victory in the Japanese Grand Prix in Suzuka on Sunday,winning the race for a sixth time.
Clemens ready to step to fore At 42, Roger Clemens is ready to pitch on three days #39; rest with a chance to make postseason history for the Houston Astros. After all, playing in the postseason with 
They can #39;t turn down chance to turn corner inally, you can see the corner. It #39;s right there, waiting with all of its trappings. Get past it and you #39;re downwind. Get past it and everything is different.
Cal-USC An extraordinary show LOS ANGELES - In his opening statement to the bloated media corps here late yesterday afternoon, USC coach Pete Carroll trotted out these adjectives: Exciting, tense, fantastic, incredible, wonderful, exquisite.
Gunmen kill pro-Taliban cleric in Pakistan A leading pro-Taliban Sunni Muslim cleric together with an associate were shot dead in southern Pakistan yesterday, the latest attack in religious violence that has already killed more than 70 people this month.
Gunmen in Haiti wound UN peacekeeper PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - A gunbattle broke out between UN peacekeepers and supporters of ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide yesterday, wounding a peacekeeper for the first time in the force #39;s 4-month-old mission.
UF gets lesson in growing up GAINESVILLE -- The young Florida Gators needed to grow up all at once here Saturday night. They weren #39;t ready to. They didn #39;t know how.
October best MINNEAPOLIS -- They were down by four runs. They were five outs from defeat. Hmmm. You think the Yankees were actually worried about losing? They have, as we all know too well, been there before and lived to tell about it.
Nothing rivals this bitter feud You asked for it. You got it. Ever-clutch, the Yankees rallied from a 5-1 deficit in the eighth inning at Minnesota last night and finished off the Twins, 6-5, in 11 innings in Game 4 of the American League Division Series to advance to the ALCS against the Red Sox, beginning Tuesday night in the Bronx.
Cleanup crew proving most valuable It's a relatively recent story, and a familiar one. The Red Sox had two big sluggers in the middle of their lineup -- one a lefthanded hitter, the other a righty, both .300 hitters, one a former MVP, one who would soon be named one. They were the linchpins of a Sox team that had high hopes of playing deep ...
Francona likely to keep winning roster intact With two days to go before they file their roster for the Championship Series, the Red Sox yesterday appeared likely to stick with the 25 players who helped them sweep the Angels in the first round. The Sox used every position player, including rookie third baseman Kevin Youkilis , in the opening series and every pitcher but Curtis Leskanic and ...
Enjoying the view from the top He balks at describing the Red Sox as  quot;idiots quot; -- even though the team jokingly refers to themselves that way -- but Sox owner John W. Henry had a firsthand understanding of the term as he spoke to Alan Embree in the Sox clubhouse following the team's dramatic Game 3 win over Anaheim.
Santos on a roll as well Once, Patriots games were just that: games. Now, they're Events.  quot;When we started, it was just me, a color man, a stat man, and an engineer, quot; said radio play-by-play man Gil Santos, who called his first Patriots game in 1966 when the team was playing at Fenway Park and current analyst Gino Cappelletti was in the middle of his 11-year ...
Stage is set for Patriots' 19th With the Red Sox off as they prepare to begin the AL Championship Series Tuesday, the Patriots get a Sunday to themselves for a change.
Williams may have opening Unless you grew up in the 1960s and remember conflicted football-playing flower children like Steve Kiner and Dave Meggyesy, Ricky Williams is a mystery to you. But then, so is his present situation.
Nicol needs someone to take charge WASHINGTON -- Revolution coach Steve Nicol expressed frustration after a 1-0 loss to D.C. United last night.
Sun storming into Seattle UNCASVILLE, Conn. -- The Seattle Storm are happy to get home, but coach Anne Donovan knows that goes only so far. The Storm need to crack Connecticut's tenacious defense and slow down guard Lindsay Whalen.
Georgia Tech wrecks Terrapins' home run COLLEGE PARK, Md. -- Georgia Tech ended No. 23 Maryland's 13-game home winning streak in stunning fashion, blanking the Terrapins through three quarters and forcing out ineffective quarterback Joel Statham in a 20-7 win yesterday.
Seminoles survive a scare SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- Leon Washington rushed for a career-high 164 yards and scored on runs of 21 and 45 yards in the second half, and No. 8 Florida State survived a major scare, rallying past Syracuse, 17-13, last night.
Bunch of TDs from Brady Northeastern quarterback Shawn Brady engaged in an aerial duel with Villanova's Marvin Burroughs, but the Huskies held on to win, 34-30, at Parsons Field yesterday because their defense took advantage of the lone turnover in the game.
Victory makes balanced Crimson beam A shutout victim in its meeting last year with Harvard, which put up 27 points, Cornell yesterday was determined to stop the Crimson's explosive tailback, sophomore Clifton Dawson, and his streak of nine games with 100 or more rushing yards.
Michigan rallies by Gophers ANN ARBOR , Mich. -- Tyler Ecker caught a short pass from Chad Henne over the middle, eluded two tackles, and lumbered down the sideline for a 31-yard touchdown with 1:57 left to give 14th-ranked Michigan a 27-24 victory over No. 13 Minnesota yesterday.Henne was 33 of 49 for 328 yards -- all records for a true freshman at Michigan ...
Alert Yale defense keeps Green winless Alvin Cowan threw two touchdown passes and Robert Carr scored a touchdown and rushed for 164 yards to lead Yale to a 24-14 victory over winless Dartmouth yesterday in Hanover, N.H.
Trojans are in a golden state LOS ANGELES -- Southern California seemed helpless as Aaron Rodgers picked away at its defense, hitting pass after pass.
Footnotes Army snapped the nation's longest losing streak at 19 games, with Tielor Robinson scoring five TDs and Carlton Jones running for 180 yards in the Black Knights' 48-29 home victory over Cincinnati. Robinson scored his fifth TD on a 93-yard pass from Zac Dahman with 11:32 left, securing the first win for Army (1-4, 1-2 C-USA) since Nov. 16, 2002, ...
Oklahoma State unleashes offense BOULDER, Colo. -- Vernand Morency ran for 165 yards and two touchdowns and Donovan Woods threw for three more scores, lifting No. 22 Oklahoma State to a 42-14 victory over Colorado yesterday.
Auburn improves to 6-0 AUBURN, Ala. -- Jason Campbell passed for 201 yards and two touchdowns, including a school-record 87-yarder to Silas Daniels, leading No. 6 Auburn past Louisiana Tech, 52-7, yesterday.
Purdue's win isn't pretty STATE COLLEGE, Pa. -- Taylor Stubblefield caught a 40-yard touchdown pass and became the Big Ten's career receptions leader as No. 9 Purdue held on to beat Penn State, 20-13, yesterday.
Anderson lifts UMass Matt Anderson scored three goals, including two in the third period to help overcome a 4-3 deficit, as the University of Massachusetts defeated Clarkson, 6-4, last night in its opener in Amherst.
Maine holds on to strike it rich Josh Radulski made a sliding touchdown catch with 5:56 remaining yesterday and Maine stopped a fourth-down play at its 20-yard line in the closing minutes as the Black Bears held on for a 29-25 Atlantic 10 victory at Richmond.
Donald surges to Dunhill lead Luke Donald shot a 4-under-par 68 yesterday for a two-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship at St. Andrews, Scotland.
Shawsheen masters Minuteman BILLERICA -- Perhaps the loudest statement to come out of Shawsheen's 48-0 drubbing of previously undefeated Minuteman came as Ram coach Al Costabile was addressing his squad following the game.
Special teams break loose to launch Xaverian WESTWOOD -- Ninety-nine percent of the time, it would be good for the opposing team to keep Xaverian quarterback Zack Asack and the Hawks' potent offense (38.75 points per game) off the field.
Powerful Walpole runs past Milton WALPOLE -- For Milton, the loss of star running back Dennis Lynch translated into negative yards yesterday as Walpole held the Wildcats running game to minus-20 yards on 10 plays in the first half en route to a 24-0 Bay State League victory. Walpole's three-pronged rushing attack of Mike Cuqua (96 yards, 1 touchdown), Andrew Denehy (8 rushes, 86 yards), ...
Can Howard Stern bring subscribers to satellite radio? It took three 1,000-pound satellites to launch Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. #39;s subscription radio service two years ago. Now the company is betting that one man - shock jock Howard Stern 
Computer Users Face New Scourge (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - SAN FRANCISCO -- Chuck Harris remembers when the Internet was fun and he'd spend hours reading his favorite news sites, checking the church calendar, browsing the shops. Then, a few weeks ago, he lost control of his computer. It turned into a giant electronic billboard.
MSN Music Falls Just Short of iTunes' High Marks (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft's MSN Music store shouldn't surprise anybody. The company with its own operating system, online service, digital-music format and media software was always the likeliest suspect to launch an online music store.
Saudi Vows to Guarantee Oil Supplies  ABU DHABI (Reuters) - OPEC vowed Sunday to do what it can  to deflate record high oil prices that have soared above \$53 a  barrel, and top exporter Saudi Arabia promised to keep the  world supplied with as much oil as it needs.
Iraqi Minister Says Polls Doable Despite Violence  LONDON (Reuters) - Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshiyar Zebari  said Monday the interim government is not underestimating the  security threat to planned national elections on Jan. 30 and  believes the poll can take place.
Monthly Bill Fatigue Economists are growing concerned over Americans' willingness to cede regular chunks of their paychecks to new conveniences and services, saying it is taking a bite out of discretionary spending, a key driver of the nation's economy.
Cash 22, Other Caveats Bill-paying is getting more and more convenient. But with that convenience comes the possibility of many complications and headaches.
A Holiday to Buy For   If you haven't remembered to buy your dog his costume yet, here's something else you may have overlooked:
South Korea Not Out of the Running for U.N. Post  HANOI (Reuters) - South Korea might put forward a candidate  to take over from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan when his  term expires in 2006, a South Korean official said Sunday.
Schumi storms to Japan win Michael Schumacher wins a record 13th race in a season at the Japanese Grand Prix.
Revive your PC Just like cars, home computers need tune-ups. Unfortunately, most of us have never gotten into the habit. Everybody knows to take their cars for routine service, but we often neglect to perform the common-sense maintenance that can keep our home PCs running well.
Food-label rule proves to be a big ingredient for change The Oreo, America's best-selling cookie, is getting an unusual makeover. Nabisco Corp. is trying to develop an Oreo that looks and tastes exactly like it does now, but without the artery-clogging trans fat that can significantly increase the risk of coronary heart disease.
Creating a home office with Staples CEO HOPKINTON -- If there's one room in the house that's his, Ron Sargent says it's the home office.
What's the proper use of a speaker phone? What's the proper use of a speaker phone? A colleague uses hers to listen to voicemail messages and to make all of her outgoing calls so that I can hear the dialing. It's very distracting and annoying.
Before you retire, make sure you also retire your mortgage More Americans are quitting the workforce without retiring their mortgage. Big mistake? It could prove more taxing than they ever imagined.
Bedouins held in blasts at Egyptian resorts  TABA, Egypt -- Dozens of Bedouins have been detained on suspicion that they may have supplied explosives for car bomb attacks at two Egyptian resorts that killed at least 34 people, officials said yesterday.
A brotherhood of survivors  CHIRAN, Japan -- These are the dusky days of old age that kamikaze pilots like Shigeyoshi Hamazono were not supposed to see.
Australia's leader wins 4th term SYDNEY -- Prime Minister John Howard of Australia, a key US ally and supporter of the Iraq war, celebrated his election win over opposition Labor after voters enjoying the fruits of a strong economy gave him another term.
Across border, cleric raises voice of reason  QOM, Iran -- These are pilgrims of a different kind. Several times a week, Shi'ite Muslim clerics and community leaders from neighboring Iraq climb stairs to a little office in this Iranian city of shrines and Islamic seminaries. There, an aged and hunched figure sits on a swivel chair fitted with an electric blanket.
Nobel laureate defends her suggestion that AIDS stems from plot NAIROBI -- Wangari Maathai made a typically combative start to her first full day as a Nobel laureate yesterday, defending a recent suggestion that the HIV virus might have been made in a laboratory as a plot against Africans.
Rumsfeld rallies allies aboard carrier in Gulf ABOARD THE USS JOHN F. KENNEDY -- In a cramped war room below deck, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld yesterday joined 18 of his counterparts in the terrorism fight in discussing the way ahead in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Two Car Bombs Kill Eight in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession Sunday, killing at least eight Iraqis and wounding 16, police said. An American soldier was also hurt...
Peregrine indictment large in scope Though it is only 38 pages, a federal indictment handed up last week offers a panoramic view of the corporate corruption that allegedly permeated San Diego #39;s Peregrine Systems.
Ray McNulty: Gators suffer crushing blow This is where the Florida Gators were supposed to prove that they #39;ve turned the corner and, for the first time in the post-Spurrier era, were ready to make their first real run at a Southeastern Conference title.
Defensive stand lets USC stay unbeaten The drive covered just over three minutes, but in that brief amount of time USC #39;s football team yesterday discovered the kind of resolve that often produces a champion.
Israeli missile kills Palestinian in Gaza Strip An Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a house in Gaza #39;s Jabalya refugee camp on Sunday, killing a Palestinian man and wounding three women, witnesses said.
At least four killed in two explosions in Baghdad At least four people were killed in a rocket attack near the Iraqi Oil Ministry and two others were wounded in another suicide car bombing attack near the Iraqi Culture Ministry on Sunday, Iraqi police said.
Bill Allows Atomic Waste to Remain in Tanks House and Senate conferees have agreed to let the Energy Department leave some radioactive waste in tanks in South Carolina and Idaho, instead of pumping it out for deep burial.
E.P.A. Cuts Pollution Levels With Refinery Settlements The Environmental Protection Agency has enjoyed unusual success in bringing down pollution levels from some of the nation's largest oil refining companies.
Going to the Moon, Sponsored by M #38;M's Marketing is a big part of the private space race - and, its boosters say, an essential one.
Jockeying for Pole Position For an imaginary point in the midst of an ice-capped sea, the North Pole is a surprisingly hot piece of real estate.
Business looms large but politics creep into agenda as Chirac visits China (AFP) AFP - Business opportunities in one of the world's fastest-growing economies dominated the agenda as French President Jacques Chirac continued his visit to China, but sensitive political issues also edged their way onto the program.
Another Victory Defined by Jets' Staunch Defense EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Dec. 5 - Chad Pennington was back and the Jets ended their scoring slump with 29 points, their second-best output in 10 games, but Coach Herman Edwards still found a few things he did not like about his offense.
Martha walkin #39; the walk Martha Stewart took prison life in stride yesterday, taking a solo walk around the grounds of her new home and receiving two visitors.
WORLD CUP QUALIFYING 2006: US close to clinching berth in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The USA moved one step closer to the final round of World Cup 2006 qualifying in the CONCACAF zone with a rather easy 2-0 win over El Salvador Saturday night in San Salvador.
President of Taiwan makes call for peace talks with China Taiwan #39;s leader used his National Day speech today to urge China to begin peace talks so the two rivals can avoid war. Chinese and Taiwanese leaders haven #39;t met since 
Saudi Vows to Guarantee Oil Supplies OPEC vowed Sunday to do what it can to deflate record high oil prices that have soared above \$53 a barrel, and top exporter Saudi Arabia promised to keep the world supplied with as much oil as it needs.
US Forecasters Fret About Oil Hit Top US economic forecasters are growing increasingly worried about the impact of surging oil prices on consumer and business spending in 2005, a survey released on Sunday showed.
Schumacher Wins Japanese Grand Prix for 13th Victory of Season World champion Michael Schumacher won the Japanese Grand Prix to give his Ferrari team a record-tying 15th victory in 17 Formula One races this year.
Russian Envoy Sees Korea Nuclear Talks in Late Jan  TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea could return to six-party  talks on its nuclear programs in late January after President  Bush forms his new cabinet, Russian ambassador to Japan  Alexander Losyukov said Monday.
Gardenhire #39;s instincts are unreliable They show up at prom with the prettiest girl in school, then get your date #39;s phone number and wink at you on the way out the door.
Lima #39;s stellar start keeps LA alive In Short* Jose Lima pitched his first complete game since 2001 to keep the Dodgers alive. l Los Angeles had lost eight postseason games in a row since beating Oakland in the 1988 World Series.
Shula likes Patriots #39; chances Don Shula isn #39;t enamored with the possibility of another NFL team joining the 1972 Miami Dolphins in the annals of perfection.
Australian opposition sticking by Latham SYDNEY - He may have failed to unseat Prime Minister John Howard in Saturday #39;s election, but opposition leader Mark Latham looks set to remain head of the Labour Party, his colleagues said Sunday.
Saudi Arabia, Gulf States Plan to Boost Oil Capacity (Update2) Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, which account for almost half of OPEC #39;s oil output, said they #39;re committed to boosting capacity to meet soaring demand that has driven prices to a record.
Space tourism still faces hurdles LOS ANGELES -- The historic suborbital flights of SpaceShipOne have ignited interest in space tourism, but the budding industry and federal regulators must still resolve questions ranging from ensuring the safety of people on the ground to informing 
Madrid #39;s Beckham suffers broken rib David Beckham broke his rib moments after scoring England #39;s second goal in yesterday #39;s 2-0 win over Wales in a World Cup soccer qualifying match in Manchester.
Ireland hold France A magnificent display by an Irish team on foreign soil is probably the best way to describe Saturday evenings result, that saw Brian Kerrs Republic of Ireland side hold the French to a 0-0 draw at the Stade de France.
Glazer set to seize Man Utd AMERICAN sports magnate Malcolm Glazer is poised to seize control of Manchester United with an audacious 790 million bid to buy the world #39;s richest football club.
SPORTS ON TV National League Division Series Game 4 - Atlanta Braves at Houston Astros. From Minute Maid Park in Houston. 1 pm ESPN. American League Division Series Game 5 - Boston Red Sox at Anaheim Angels.
Australia launches Indian test campaign with thumping 217-run &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By SANDEEP NAKAI Associated Press Writer BANGALORE, India (AP). Australia launched its test series campaign in India with a thumping 217-run victory in the opening match Sunday.
Nothing doing again for Texas For Texas coach Mack Brown, all the carnival rides at the annual Texas State Fair are a  quot;House of Horrors. quot;. Just when you thought there were no more painful ways for Brown to lose to Oklahoma, he found one.
Sightseek goes out in smashing style Taking control from the start, the 5-year-old daughter of Distant View turned on the power at the top of the stretch and stretched a one-length lead to six by midstretch, then cruised to a 23/4-length victory in the \$750,000, Grade I Beldame Stakes 
Stewart rips NASCAR #39;s penalty KANSAS CITY, Kan.  Tony Stewart, who knows a thing or two about being in trouble with NASCAR, blistered the organization Saturday in defense of fellow driver Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Standing tall at No. 1 Trojans hold off Golden Bears at goal line late in 4th quarter, extend winning streak to 14 by avenging their last loss vs. intrastate rivals.
Al-Sadr forces to turn in weapons The search continues for the body of a British man who was beheaded after an escape bid. BAGHDAD -- Shiite militia loyal to anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed yesterday to begin handing in weapons 
Kidnappers threaten to kill Chinese engineers Militants in Pakistan who kidnapped two Chinese engineers have threatened to kill them unless Pakistan releases detained Al Qaeda suspects, a security official said.
Not a perfect match When does winning 18 consecutive games matter less than winning 17? When No. 17 is a Super Bowl triumph that caps the first undefeated season in NFL history -- a season in which the team leads the league in total offense, total defense, points scored, and points allowed. Members of the 1972 Miami Dolphins are quick to mention that their ...
McBride helps US knock off El Salvador SAN SALVADOR -- Thanks to Brian McBride and Eddie Johnson, the United States can advance to the final round of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup with a victory over Panama Wednesday.
Sooners stop at nothing DALLAS -- The recruiting battle was as intense as everyone expected. Oklahoma against Texas -- again.
What a Crew: Unbeaten streak reaches 17 Jeff Cunningham scored in the first half and the Columbus Crew extended their MLS-record unbeaten streak to 17 games with a 1-1 tie against the MetroStars last night in East Rutherford, N.J.
Theme of day: You Go Girl!' Cheri Kenah, the five-time runner-up at the US Indoor 3,000 meters who gave birth to twins less than a year ago, will be running. So will last year's BAA Half Marathon winner, Marie Davenport.
Learning curves for new Celtics BURLINGTON, Vt. -- The Celtics rookies quickly learned the importance of early wake-up calls. With ankles taped at the team hotel, Al Jefferson, Delonte West, Tony Allen, and Justin Reed needed to show up well before the veterans or risk being bumped to the back of the line. It could be a long wait for any rookie who overslept. Then ...
Golf course chef has a fine Ryder Jim Ryan , the executive cook at Thorny Lea Golf Club in Brockton, had the good fortune to attend the recently concluded Ryder Cup competition at Oakland Hills Country Club in Michigan.
Suicide Bomber Kills 17 Near Baghdad Police Academy  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb killed 17 people  near Baghdad's Oil Ministry and a nearby police academy Sunday,  a ministry spokesman said.
Drug shills could take chill pills If I say Vioxx, what #39;s the first name that pops into your head? Dorothy Hamill or Shelly South? Chances are, it #39;s Hamill. The erstwhile Olympic ice skating champion turned corporate shill appeared in TV ads hawking Vioxx until Merck  amp; Co.
Police: 6 killed in arson at Philadelphia rowhouse Philadelphia -- A fast-moving arson fire killed six people in a rowhouse before dawn Saturday, four of them children, police said.
Novak wins Japan Open title Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic has won the Japan Open with a 5-7, 6-1, 6-3 victory over American Taylor Dent in Tokyo. The fifth-seeded Novak, who beat Lleyton Hewitt in the semi-finals, overcame the seventh 
1 Palestinian killed in new Israeli air strike in Gaza A 28-year-old Palestinian was killed and three were wounded Sunday morning in an new Israeli airstrike in the Jabalya refugee camp, in the northern Gaza Strip, the Ha #39;aretz daily reported on Sunday.
Typhoon Fades Over Northeastern Japan, Leaves 5 Dead (Update1) Central Japan #39;s strongest typhoon in a decade left at least five people dead and five others missing as it swept through the region, halting air and rail operations before losing strength off the Pacific coast northeast of Tokyo.
Davis, Badgers on good footing COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Anthony Davis slashed his way to 168 yards rushing and a touchdown and 15th-ranked Wisconsin throttled No. 18 Ohio State #39;s offense in a 24-13 victory yesterday.
Livewire: Travel Search Sites Look for Bargains on Web Web sites promising to find the best travel deals have online travel agents wondering if they have a new friend or enemy. For consumers, however, choices are rising 
Sony Rolling Out Powerful DVR Sony Corp. will begin selling a computer and home server system that makes a midget of TiVo. With 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage, it can record six TV channels for nearly a week straight.
100 races and another points haul at BAR Honda BAR Honda celebrated its 100th race with a podium today as Jenson Button crossed the line in third place in the team #39;s second home Grand Prix at Suzuka.
Australia beat India Bangalore, India - Australia launched its test series campaign in India with a thumping 217-run victory in the opening match on Sunday.
Earnhardt Jr. is high profile, for better or worse First, he won the 500-mile race at Talladega and grabbed the NASCAR Nextel Cup points lead. Two days later, he lost his points lead and \$10,000.
Suicide bomber kills 17 in Baghdad A suicide car bomb has killed 17 people near Baghdad #39;s Oil Ministry and a nearby police academy, a ministry spokesman said.  quot;The bomb apparently exploded prematurely at an intersection in front of the academy, quot; spokesman Assem Jihad said.
Prince Harry 'cheated' on exam, Eton teacher claims: report (AFP) AFP - Prince Harry, the third in line to the British throne, stands accused of cheated on a finishing exam at the prestigious Eton College.
Australia's Howard Celebrates Fourth Poll Win  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's conservative Prime Minister  John Howard celebrated a thumping election victory Sunday after  voters, enjoying the fruits of a strong economy, gave him what  looked certain to be an increased majority.
Cambodia abdication confirmed Cambodia's King Sihanouk ignores appeals for him not to abdicate, as attention focuses on the succession.
At Least 10 Killed in Bombings in Baghdad Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld made a surprise visit to Iraq today, as two car bombs shook Baghdad, killing at least 10 people, U.S. and Iraqi officials said.
Bush, Kerry Return to Trail, Take Different Tacks More than changing the dynamic of a race that has tightened in the past 10 days, Friday's debate served to set up Wednesday's encounter as an opportunity to provide momentum to one of the candidates going into the final weeks of the election.
Saudi Urges Arab Media to Combat 'Improper Ideas'   KUWAIT CITY, Oct. 9 -- Saudi Arabia's interior minister appealed to regional news media Saturday to help combat "improper ideas" that lead young people to support extremist movements.
Schumacher Storms to Sixth Japanese F1 Win &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alastair Himmer&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SUZUKA, Japan (Reuters) - Ferrari's Michael Schumacherpowered to an easy victory in the Japanese Grand Prix on Sundayfor his 13th win of the season.&lt;/p&gt;
Air Wars I Howard Stern shocked his 12 million listeners again, not with raunchy banter but with news that he #39;ll be moving to Sirius Satellite Radio, where federal indecency rules don #39;t apply.
Space Tourism Faces Safety Regulations Marion C. Blakey, administrator of commercial space transportation for the Federal Aviation Administration, speaks with reporters following a briefing at the XCOR hangar at Mojave, Calif.
Rossi wins Malaysian Grand Prix Valentino Rossi has won the Malaysian MotoGP to extend his overall lead in the world championship at the Sepang circuit. Italian countryman Max Biaggi finished second and Alex Barros of Brazil was third.
Georgia, Tennessee take about-faces No. 3 Bulldogs fall a week after rout of LSU; Volunteers bounce back from Auburn loss. By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press. ATHENS, Ga.
The pits? Potty-talk points off! DALE EARNHARDT JR. got it more right than he thought: His recent  quot;slip of the tongue, quot; as many have taken to calling it,  quot;don #39;t mean expletive deleted quot; in the grand scheme.
BRIGHTEST STAR While at Miramax, he teamed with hard-nosed exec Harvey Weinstein to negotiate film and music contracts. During his USA Films tenure, Greenstein dealt with gritty filmmaker Steven Soderbergh 
Terrorism and the  #39;Net US cybersecurity chief #39;s sudden resignation comes as terrorists increasingly use the Internet as a tool. While Al Qaeda and its affiliates have always used e-mail and the Internet, these electronic tools have 
Windows XP SP2 (Service Pack 2 ) I could go on and on. This isn #39;t so much a patch or update as it is a completely new version. Rather than calling it Windows XP Service Pack 2 they could just drop the  quot;Service Pack quot; part and call it Windows 
Judge dropped the ball on this one The Braves #39; Rafael Furcal hit the game-winning homer Thursday night during Game 2 of the National League division series. Really, he could have been watching the game from a jail cell enjoying three squares a day.
Beckham centre of attention David Beckham grabbed the spotlight from Wayne Rooney with a spectacular goal, a needless suspension and a trip to hospital with a broken rib as England downed Wales 2-0 in a World Cup qualifying game yesterday.
Greene has no answers for offense Like so many Tennessee defenders, the questions kept coming and coming at Georgia quarterback David Greene after Saturdays 19-14 loss to the Volunteers.
Perfection through a single season a tougher standard It doesn #39;t take a football genius to know that the New England Patriots are an amazing team. The organization #39;s ability to plug in players and keep winning over the last three years is a model 
Large Explosion Kills Eight in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - A large explosion hit outside a police academy in downtown Baghdad on Sunday, killing eight people, officials said.
Ten including 5 Indian troops killed in Kashmir violence SRINAGAR (India held-Kashmir): Five Indian army personnel including a Captain were killed and 45 others injured when a car packed with explosives rammed into an army convoy in Baramulla district Saturday.
Yankees-Sox again for ALCS New Yorks Bernie Williams, left, and Derek Jeter welcome Alex Rodriguez, right, after he scored the winning run on a wild pitch by Minnesota Twins Kyle Lohse in the 11th inning of Game 4 of the American League Division Series on Saturday in 
Patriots march into today #39;s contest armed with 18 straight wins As the New England Patriots aim for their 19th straight win over two seasons today, the 1972 Miami Dolphins are starting to notice.
United Airlines to cut fleet, expand international flights United Airlines, which is struggling to emerge from bankruptcy protection, said on Wednesday that it would cut 68 airplanes from its fleet, shift more responsibility 
No Simple Solutions to Pension Problems The grim news coming out of the airline and steel industries about their pension plans and the government agency that insures them is giving Congress, along with older workers across the nation, a sudden case of the jitters.
Somali MPs Vote for President in Peace Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Somali lawmakers began voting on Sunday\for a president in the 14th attempt in a decade to return\government to the lawless Horn of Africa state.
Bosnian Serb Accused of Genocide Held (AP) AP - The U.N. war crimes tribunal took custody Sunday of a Bosnian Serb commander who is accused in the 1995 genocide of Muslims in the U.N.-protected zone of Srebrenica and is one of the most senior army officers to fall into the court's hands in recent years.
Bombs Kill 10 in Baghdad; Rumsfeld Visits (AP) AP - Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession Sunday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 17, including an American soldier, U.S. and Iraqi officials said.
Yanks #39; win sets up series with Bosox Minneapolis -- They were down by four runs. They were five outs from defeat. Hmmm. You think the Yankees were actually worried about losing?
Three pops and Thomson goes out Atlanta Braves starting pitcher John Thomson, center, is pulled from the game against the Houston Astros during the first inning of Game 3 of the National League Division Series in Houston, on Saturday.
STANFORD NOTEBOOK Just go away quietly? Not Stanford #39;s angry &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Guard Ismail Simpson of Stanford was walking off the field at the end of the game, yelling and gesturing. An assistant coach had an arm around him, pushing him in the direction of the end zone tunnel that leads to the locker room.
Taiwan leader wants peace talks with China to head off military crisis (AFP) AFP - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian called for wide-ranging peace talks with China to defuse the dangerous military build-up on both sides of the Taiwan Strait.
Taiwan calls for arms talks with China Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian called on Sunday for arms control talks with China to defuse the dangerous build-up of military hardware on both sides of the Taiwan Strait.
House Backs  #36;32 Billion Homeland Security Bill (Reuters) Reuters - The House of Representatives on\Saturday passed a  #36;32 billion bill funding homeland security\programs this year after days of political fighting over the\measure.
Afghan Polls Fair Despite Ink Fiasco -Monitors  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's historic presidential vote,  which was held with great enthusiasm but ended in turmoil after  most candidates announced a boycott, was mostly fair,  independent observers said Sunday.
Cambodia PM Urges Swift Succession if King Retires  PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen,  concerned for his country's political stability, said on Sunday  that a new monarch should be chosen next week if King Norodom  Sihanouk was determined to retire.
Saudi Vows to Guarantee Oil Supplies (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC vowed Sunday to do what it can\to deflate record high oil prices that have soared above  #36;53 a\barrel, and top exporter Saudi Arabia promised to keep the\world supplied with as much oil as it needs.
Web Video Shows Last Appeal of Beheaded UK Hostage (Reuters) Reuters - A video tape posted on the Internet\Sunday showed British hostage Kenneth Bigley making a final\appeal to the British government to meet his captors' demands\before he was beheaded by a militant Islamist group.
1950s TV Lamps Resurface as Costly Kitsch  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Decorative lamps created to lessen eye  strain while watching the earliest TV sets are resurfacing in  homes as kitschy night lights and artifacts of mid-20th century  "modern" living.
Afghan Polls Fair Despite Ink Fiasco -Monitors  KABUL (Reuters) - Independent observers described  Afghanistan's historic presidential election as mostly fair on  Sunday despite turmoil over possible multiple voting that led  most of the candidates to call for a general boycott.
Virtual PC opens window on Mac I #39;ve been running a new Windows XP computer from Microsoft all week. It boots up quickly and runs smoothly. I #39;m very impressed.
This Year's Giants Looking Like Last Season's Ceding control of the game after a handful of plays, the Giants went tamely to their fifth successive defeat.
A day in the life of . . . Craig Newmark You don #39;t have to be a computer geek to know who Craig Newmark is, though familiarity with the Internet helps. His is a household name in the virtual, if not the real, world because of the Web site he launched 
McBride inspires US to victory Brian McBride and debutant Eddie Johnson gave the United States a 2-0 victory over El Salvador in their World Cup qualifier on Saturday.
India vs Australia, First Test, Day 5 Australian fast bowler Michael Kasprowicz (left) celebrates after claiming the important wicket of Indian vice-captain Rahul Dravid.
Quakes keep playoff hopes alive The game drew a crowd of 25,311 to give San Jose an average attendance of 13,001, its best Spartan Stadium attendance since 1999. In other games, Jovan Kirovski scored two goals to lead 
Kuwait Backs Quota Hike if Prices Stay Up  ABU DHABI (Reuters) - Major Gulf oil producer Kuwait will  back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in OPEC's output  ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move that  would bring the cartel's formal production limits in line with  actual supplies.
Rumsfeld Says U.S. Faces Test of Wills in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said  Sunday the United States and its allies were locked in a test  of wills with insurgents in Iraq and must overcome the "pain  and ugliness" of the conflict.
Baghdad Blasts Kill 10; Rumsfeld Visits BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession Sunday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 17, including an American soldier, U.S. and Iraqi officials said...
Taiwan Urges China to Begin Peace Talks TAIPEI, Taiwan - Taiwan's leader called for peace talks and other "concrete actions" to reduce tensions with rival China during a National Day speech on Sunday that was far more conciliatory than in years past.    President Chen Shui-bian avoided language and issues that have raised tensions in the past during the speech, and even extended Taiwan's best wishes as China prepares for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing...
Bush, Kerry Go on the Attack After Debate ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance in critical battleground states...
Now #39;s not time to lift rates The growth of jobs has stalled in the US, and this has big implications for Australia. For interest rates, for our dollar, for jobs here, for our economy more generally, and for investments.
In naming their ventures, many owners get personal In casting about for a name for their new companies or products, entrepreneurs often decide to use their own. And it can work - look at the success of Ben  amp; Jerry #39;s and Dell.
Conservatives Celebrate after Historic Election Win in Australia Australia #39;s conservative prime minister, John Howard, is celebrating a decisive victory over the Labor Party in general elections.
Iraqi Capital Hit by Deadly Insurgent Attacks Iraqi officials say at least 17 people were killed early Sunday in a car bomb attack near the Oil Ministry in northeast Baghdad. They say the attack, which was earlier believed to be a rocket attack, occurred as people were going to work.
Flash Floods in Northeastern India Kill at Least 26 Indian officials say at least 26 people have drowned in flooding in the northeastern state of Assam. The officials say the deaths occurred in the state #39;s western Goalpara district near the border with Bangladesh.
Beijing to Install Condom Machines to Fight AIDS (Reuters) Reuters - Beijing will install about 1,000 condom\vending machines in hotels, bars, universities and on\construction sites in the Chinese capital this month to fight\the spread of AIDS, the official Xinhua news agency said on\Sunday.
Kuwait Backs Quota Hike if Prices Stay Up Major Gulf oil producer Kuwait will back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in OPEC #39;s output ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move 
Once a spammer? The lawyer who headed a lawsuit that ended Sanford Wallaces reign as the worlds  quot;Spam King quot; six years ago said he cannot believe Wallace now faces several spyware charges in US District Court.
McWilliams 15th in Malaysia Northern Ireland #39;s Jeremy McWilliams claimed 15th place in the Malaysian MotoGP in Sepang on Sunday. The Glengormley-based rider is 19th in the world championship standings with 21 points.
Australia thrash India by 217 runs in first Test: Sports India, Cricket: Bangalore, Oct 10 : India #39;s tail-enders Sunday defied the Australian attack for a fairly prolonged period but could not prevent the visitors from winning the first Test by 217 runs on the fifth and final day at M. Chinnaswamy 
Davenport Takes Filderstadt Title  FILDERSTADT, Germany (Reuters) - American Lindsay Davenport  won the Filderstadt Grand Prix Sunday after world number one  Amelie Mauresmo retired injured after the first set.
Soccer: United States Wins in Central America  RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Paulo Wanchope scored a  hat-trick as Costa Rica brought Guatemala down to earth with a  5-0 victory in Saturday's World Cup qualifiers while the United  States picked up a rare win in Central America by beating El  Salvador 2-0.
As Oil Price Soars, Markets Chill Weak chain-store sales, stumbling job growth and more record oil prices were too much for Wall Street #39;s bulls to bear last week.
AT amp;T Cuts 7,400 Jobs, Asset Value by \$11B AT amp;T Corp. is cutting 7,400 more jobs and slashing the book value of its assets by \$11.4 billion, drastic moves prompted by the company #39;s plan to retreat from the traditional consumer telephone business following a lost court battle.
TACTICS PAY OFF FOR SVEN England head coach Sven-Goran Eriksson was delighted with his side #39;s 2-0 World Cup qualifying win over Wales and happy with his new-look three-man strikeforce.
TAKEOVER ROUND UP PART 2 Malcolm Glazer faces a last-minute challenge to his expected 800 million bid for Manchester United from Keith Harris, chairman of brokerage Seymour Pierce and a lifelong fan of the Old Trafford club.
 #39;Nats Play Rude Guests The US Mens National Team recorded a convincing 2-0 victory over El Salvador in Estadio Cuscatlan in San Salvador on Saturday evening, increasing their Group 1 lead in the semifinal round of qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup to three points.
One probe to cover fire, death of sub officer FASLANE, SCOTLAND -- The Canadian military will conduct one all-encompassing inquiry into the deadly fire aboard HMCS Chicoutimi, rejecting an initial suggestion to separately examine the blaze and the subsequent death of a navy submariner.
Somali MPs Vote for President, Counting Starts  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Somali officials began counting votes  cast by lawmakers Sunday in a presidential election aimed at  returning national government to the chaotic Horn of Africa  state for the first time in 13 years.
Airbus Wins Orders for 26 Planes to Chinese Airlines (Update2) Airbus SAS, the world #39;s largest maker of airplanes, said it received firm orders from China Eastern Airlines and Air China, two of the country #39;s main carriers, to buy 26 planes.
Mark Cuban raises specter of dot-com redux reporter #39;s notebook SAN FRANCISCO--Hope and cynicism sparred to a draw on Tuesday at the glitzy opening banquet of the Web 2.0 conference here, as serial entrepreneur and reality TV show host Mark Cuban took the stage to talk about what #39;s next for the 10 
Howard #39;s fortress remains impregnable John Howard has secured a place in Australian political history after an unexpectedly comfortable win in the general election. The veteran conservative is now on course to become the country #39;s 
17 killed from suicide car bombs in Iraq At least 17 people died as a result of two suicide car bombs in Baghdad Sunday, CNN reported. One of the car bombs apparently exploded prematurely at a busy intersection near 
Report: Bigley tried fleeing after British intelligence helped &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON New information is surfacing about a purported escape attempt by doomed British hostage Kenneth Bigley. The Sunday Times says Bigley briefly fled his Iraqi kidnappers on Wednesday after British intelligence helped bribe two of his captors.
Rumsfeld Says US Faces Test of Wills in Iraq Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Sunday the United States and its allies were locked in a test of wills with insurgents in Iraq and must overcome the  quot;pain and ugliness quot; of the conflict.
Cambodia PM Urges Swift Succession if King Retires (Reuters) Reuters - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen,\concerned for his country's political stability, said on Sunday\that a new monarch should be chosen next week if King Norodom\Sihanouk was determined to retire.
Israeli Missile Kills Palestinian in Gaza Strip (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a\house in Gaza's Jabalya refugee camp Sunday, killing one\Palestinian and wounding four others, witnesses said.
9-11 Resonates Among Voters Pre-Election (AP) AP - In this one town, in this swing state, in this entire country, three weeks before a deeply divided citizenry elects a president, the pernicious residue of Sept. 11, 2001, echoes in every corner of the national conversation.
Scouring Iraq for Enemies, Finding Farmers and Mud House-to-house raids south of Baghdad are turning up few men of fighting age, leading American commanders to believe that insurgents are melting away.
Baghdad Blasts Kill 10; Rumsfeld Visits BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession Sunday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 17, including an American soldier, U.S. and Iraqi officials said, as Defense Secretary Donald H...
Tape of Bigley Decapitation Posted on Web BAGHDAD, Iraq - A videotape of the beheading of British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared Sunday on an Islamist Web site, showing the civil engineer pleading that he wanted "to live a simple life" moments before he was decapitated.    The nearly five-minute tape appeared two days after Bigley's family said it had proof that the 62-year-old civil engineer from Liverpool was dead...
Retail sales slowed in September, reports say The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain yesterday as the nation #39;s largest retailers reported that they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
GE earnings increase 11 General Electric Co.s third-quarter earnings rose 11 percent,and revenue jumped 15 percent as a rebounding economy and acquisitions drove a sharp increase in orders, the company said Friday.
Clemens Aims for Astros' First Series Win (AP) AP - A couple of new Killer Bs have the Houston Astros one win away from ending 43 seasons of playoff failure. Carlos Beltran hit a two-run homer and Brandon Backe pitched six solid innings in his postseason debut to lead the Astros to their 19th straight home win, 8-5 over Atlanta on Saturday for a 2-1 lead in their NL series.
Teetering off the band wagon The memory of that painful moment just after midnight on Oct. 17, 2003 in Yankee Stadium never went away for me - even after the New England Patriots captured a second Super Bowl title.
Video shows Bigley #39;s last appeal A video tape posted on the Internet shows British hostage Kenneth Bigley making a final appeal to the British Government to meet his captors #39; demands before he was beheaded by a militant group in Iraq.
Israeli Airstrike in Gaza Kills Palestinian An Israeli aircraft has fired a missile at a house in a northern Gaza Strip refugee camp, killing at least one person and wounding three others.
Iraq polls may see more US troops The United States has said it may send more troops to Iraq to protect elections in January against violence if US commanders decide they are needed.
Kuwait Backs Quota Hike if Prices Stay Up (Reuters) Reuters - Major Gulf oil producer Kuwait will\back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in OPEC's output\ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move that\would bring the cartel's formal production limits in line with\actual supplies.
Iraq's Interim Leader to Visit White House (AP) AP - Welcoming Iraq's interim president to the White House offers President Bush a chance to persuade Iraqi minority groups to participate in next month's election  #151; a pivotal step toward a democracy still threatened by a violent insurgency.
Away on Business: Is Travel Safer?  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Three years after the attacks of Sept.  11, 2001, is today's business traveler safer?
Several Hurt in Blast in Pakistan's Lahore - TV  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Several people were hurt in an  explosion in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore Sunday, the  private TV channel Geo reported.
Nigeria unions: Strike goes ahead Nigeria #39;s main umbrella union has said it will go ahead with a general strike in Africa #39;s top oil producer on Monday to protest against rising domestic fuel prices.
War Criminal Opens EU Doors for Serbia EU diplomats said Sunday that the transfer of a Bosnian Serb genocide suspect to the UN war crimes tribunal will lead to closer ties between the EU and Serbia and Montenegro.
Davenport Wins, Moves Closer to Top Spot (AP) AP - Lindsay Davenport won the Porsche Grand Prix on Sunday when top-ranked Amelie Mauresmo quit after losing the first set because of an injured left thigh.
3 Gulf states promise to increase oil output to stabilize price Three Gulf countries -- the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Kuwait and Saudi Arabia -- promised Sunday to increase their oil output capacity to help stabilize world prices, the official WAM news agency reported.
No Irish magic -- just a big  #39;W #39; SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- It was far from a masterpiece in any aspect of the game, but Notre Dame was able to get back in the win column Saturday with a 23-15 comeback victory over Stanford before a sellout crowd of 80,795 in Notre Dame Stadium.
Thousands attend funeral of murdered cleric Police fired tear gas and shots in the air to disperse angry Sunni Muslims today after thousands of mourners joined the funeral of a prominent pro-Taliban cleric gunned down on a busy Karachi street.
Muslims Could Prove Crucial in Election (AP) AP - With more than 1,200 Muslims and Arab-Americans taken into custody after the Sept. 11 attacks, and a U.S.-led war raging in Iraq, many Muslims oppose George Bush in the November presidential election. But their voting for John Kerry is not a slam-dunk, either.
Suicide Bomber at Pakistan Mosque Kills Three  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - At least three people were killed  when a suicide bomber shot his way into a minority Shi'ite  Muslim mosque in the Pakistani city of Lahore Sunday and  detonated his explosives, residents and emergency workers said.
NBA-Suns Scorch Trail Blazers, Kings Beat Celtics  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Quentin Richardson poured in 37  points, including eight three-pointers, and Shawn Marion added  16 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Phoenix Suns to a 121-99  thrashing of the host Portland Trail Blazers Sunday.
Howard Stern will bring his show to satellite radio Howard Stern says he #39;s taking his show to his fans -- and away from federal regulators. The shock jock says he #39;ll head to Sirius satellite radio when his contract with Infinity Broadcasting 
A BRAVE NEW ENGLAND Okay, England v Wales doesn #39;t have the sense of rivalry as playing against Scotland. Out of 97 matches against England, Wales have won only 14.
Rumsfeld Visits Marines in Iraq US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is in western Iraq to meet with American Marines fighting insurgents in the country #39;s restive Al Anbar province.
Round Two: US, EU Subsidy Battle Heats Up WASHINGTON, DC / BRUSSELS, Belgium - 10/09/04 - The bell has rung on Round Two in the fight between the US and the European Union on the issue of commercial aircraft production subsidies.
Bomb at Pakistan Shiite Mosque Wounds Four ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Oct. 10, 2004 - A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, injuring four people, officials said.
Travel Vets Launch Beta of  #39;Google for Travel #39; Veterans of Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia have teamed to launch a new travel search company, Kayak.com, a public beta of which launched this week.
Pioneer, Sharp Let Blu-ray Play CHIBA, JAPAN -- Two companies supporting the Blu-ray Disc optical disc format unveiled prototype players at the Ceatec 2004 exhibition, taking place here this week.
Stanford drops the ball in loss Ottovegio picked the ball up and tried to get the punt off, but he was tackled by Jerome Collins just as he released the ball and fanned on the kick.
Sweden #39;s Soderling clinches first ATP Tour title Swede Robin Soderling clinched the first ATP Tour title of his career when he tamed Belgium #39;s Xavier Malisse 6-2 3-6 6-4 in the final of the Lyon Grand Prix on Sunday.
Schumacher dedicates Japan win to Bridgestone Michael Schumacher dedicated Sunday #39;s Japanese Grand Prix victory to Ferrari #39;s tyre suppliers Bridgestone after they helped him to a new record and ended his run of three races without victory.
France given rough ride What seemed an ideal time to be playing France turned out to be exactly that. In fact with a shade more composure in front of goal the Republic of Ireland might even have 
Making Things Difficult I #39;ll give you the synopsis - (Seattle) got a whole bunch of offensive rebounds that I wasn #39;t really happy about. That gave them confidence to stay in the game.
Bomb explodes at Shiite mosque in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, injuring several people, police said.
2 UN peacekeepers wounded in Haiti shootouts PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Two UN peacekeepers were wounded in shootouts with supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in Port-au-Prince and civilians believed to be Aristide opponents in flood-ravaged Gonaives - the first casualties of the 
Schumi: All in a day #39;s work Suzuka - Ferrari technical director Ross Brawn said on Sunday the temporarily enforced format of qualifying and racing on the same day at the Japanese Grand Prix was not as difficult as had been expected.
Webster Tells Scotland: Move On Scotland defender Andy Webster insists there is no point dwelling on the defeat to Norway when their World Cup qualification campaign can still be salvaged.
Derrida, father of deconstruction, dies at 74 Jacques Derrida, the influential French thinker and writer who inspired admiration, vilification and utter bewilderment as the founder of the intellectual movement known as deconstruction, has died.
Cambodia PM Urges Fast Search for New King Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen listens to a reporter #39;s questions at Phnom Penh airport Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004. Hun Sen said Sunday that Cambodian lawmakers must work day and night to complete the process 
Bomb at Pakistan Shiite Mosque Kills Four ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Oct. 10, 2004 - A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, killing at least four people and injuring others, officials said.
Bank of America to Cut 4,500 Jobs CHARLOTTE, NC -- Bank of America said Thursday it will cut about 4,500 jobs, or about 2.5 percent of its work force, beginning this month as a result of its merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Sony, Matsushita to launch Blu-ray Disc camcorders in 2005: report Sony, Matsushita and other firms are planning to launch camcorders using next-generation, smaller DVDs in the Blu-ray format as early as 2005 to win a lead over a rival offering, a report said Thursday.
Michael Schumacher wins the Japanese Grand Prix Michael Schumacher blew away the rest of the Formula 1 field to win the Japanese Grand Prix for a sixth time on Sunday. Only brother Ralf Schumacher could match his pace to finish a distant second while BAR 
In the end, Trojans #39; defense is up to the test LOS ANGELES -- Picked apart all afternoon by uncannily accurate California quarterback Aaron Rodgers, the USC defense chose the game #39;s biggest moment to make the game #39;s biggest stand.
Bush hails Afghanistan #39;s election US President George W. Bush saidon Saturday that the kickoff of Afghan presidential elections was a remarkable achievement.  quot;A marvelous thing is happening in Afghanistan, quot; Bush 
Pro-Taliban Clerics Killed in Pakistan #39;s Karachi A leading pro-Taliban Sunni Muslim cleric and an associate were shot dead in southern Pakistan on Saturday, the latest attack in religious violence that has already killed more than 70 people this month.
Nigeria Unions Say Strike to Go Ahead on Monday  LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria's main umbrella union said Sunday  it would go ahead with a general strike in Africa's top oil  producer Monday to protest against rising domestic fuel prices.
Tape of Bigley Beheading Posted on Web BAGHDAD, Iraq - A videotape of the beheading of British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared Sunday on an Islamist Web site, showing the civil engineer pleading that he wanted "to live a simple life" moments before he was decapitated.    The nearly five-minute tape appeared two days after Bigley's family said it had proof that the 62-year-old civil engineer from Liverpool was dead...
Loonie hits 80 cents for first time in decade TORONTO -- A roaring jobs market in Canada and disappointing jobs data from the United States helped the Canadian dollar crack 80 cents US in trading yesterday for the first time in more than a decade.
Australia sets world short course record in 400 medley relay INDIANAPOLIS - Australia set a world record in winning the 400-meter medley relay at the Short Course World Championships on Saturday night.
Australias Howard wins 4th straight poll victory Prime Minister John Howard began planning the agenda for his new term on Sunday after his stunning fourth straight election victory, which delivered him a mandate to 
Cambodia #39;s dancing royal likely new king PHNOM PENH: The former ballet dancer son of Cambodia #39;s king was named his likely successor yesterday, as hopes faded that his father would reverse his decision to abdicate.
Mosque bomb kills 3 in Pakistan LAHORE, Pakistan -- A bomb has exploded at a Shiite mosque in downtown Lahore, killing three people and wounding several others, police sources told CNN.
Low jobs growth savages US stocks WEAK job growth figures and record-high oil prices pulled the rug from under US equities on Friday, despite soothing words from General Electric about the state of the American economy.
AMD, Dell, Intel, Microsoft, and Sun Release Web Services for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new Web Services for Management (WS-Management) specification edited by Alan Geller (Microsoft) has been published. This initial joint publication of the specification names Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), Dell 
Sharapova has burning desire to satisfy fans ASIA has fallen in love with Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova - and the feeling is mutual. The 17-year-old Russian left for Europe yesterday with two more WTA titles after a successful three-leg swing 
Elusive record gives Warne the boot CRICKET #39;S final frontier is a little closer for the all-conquering Australian cricket team after a convincing win in the first Test in India yesterday, but Shane Warne remains two frustrating wickets short of the world record.
Lenton ensures we don #39;t come up short LIBBY LENTON swam the fastest 100 metres freestyle relay split of all time to anchor a world-record effort by Australia #39;s women #39;s 4x100m medley relay at the world short-course championships in Indianapolis yesterday.
Howard #39;s reform agenda JOHN Howard has full control of the Senate within his grasp after an emphatic election victory that will allow the Coalition to embark on an ambitious reform agenda, including the \$30 billion sale of Telstra and further industrial relations changes.
Baghdad under bomb and missile siege BAGHDAD: As political divisions over the Iraq war grew, at least 10 people were killed and 16 injured when two car bombs and a missile attack shook the Iraqi capital in rapid succession last night.
Chen launches new wave of detente TAIWANESE President Chen Shui-bian sought to defuse the Taiwan Strait time-bomb yesterday by calling China to wide-ranging peace talks to banish the  quot;shadows of terror quot; and  quot;forces of darkness quot; that have threatened war between the two rivals for more than 
Syrian President Defends Role in Lebanon (AP) AP - Pointing to Lebanon as a stable exception in a troubled neighborhood, President Bashar Assad has suggested an end to Syrian intervention in Lebanon would lead to chaos there.
ABC Poll Puts Bush 4 Points Ahead of Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush held on to a slim\lead in an ABC News poll released on Sunday, getting 50 percent\of the vote against 46 percent of likely voters who supported\his opponent, Sen. John Kerry.
Five Die as Suicide Bomber Attacks Pakistan Mosque  LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed four  people as he shot his way into a Shi'ite Muslim mosque and blew  himself up in the Pakistani city of Lahore Sunday, emergency  workers said.
U.S. Marine Killed in Anbar Province U.S. Marine killed in Iraq's Anbar province&lt;br&gt;BC-Iraq-Military Death,0115
Soccer: Argentina, Brazil Romp in World Cup Ties &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Brian Homewood&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Argentina and Brazil scoredcrushing victories in Saturday's World Cup qualifiers, theformer beating Uruguay 4-2 in Buenos Aires and the worldchampions romping home 5-2 in Venezuela.&lt;/p&gt;
Gangster Cult Shields Venezuelans from Crime &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Fabian Andres Cambero&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - As the setting sun castslong shadows over a Caracas cemetery, crime-weary Venezuelanspray at the tomb of the notorious thief Ismael, believing heand other dead gangsters can protect them against violentattacks and robberies.&lt;/p&gt;
Saudi Vows to Keep Spare Capacity Top world oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed on Sunday to maintain a cushion of spare supplies of up to 2 million barrels per day (bpd) to meet future demand growth.
No. 1 USC, No. 2 Oklahoma Down Rivals (AP) AP - Adrian Peterson ran for 225 yards and made many big plays when No. 2 Oklahoma needed it most, helping the Sooners grind out a 12-0 victory over No. 5 Texas and stretch their winning streak in the storied rivalry to five straight.
Stewart Backs Earnhardt on NASCAR Penalty (AP) AP - Tony Stewart took a verbal swipe at NASCAR on Saturday, insisting friend and competitor Dale Earnhardt Jr. should not have lost points for cursing during a live TV interview last weekend.
Michael Schumacher Wins Japan GP (AP) AP - Michael Schumacher won his 13th race of the season and first since August when he returned to his dominating form and captured the Japanese Grand Prix on Sunday
Beckham sours super strike ENGLAND took a huge step towards booking its ticket to Germany for the 2006 World Cup when it outclassed Wales with a controlled performance at Old Trafford yesterday.
Fans offside as tycoons target English clubs DIVIDED down the years by the rawest rivalry in English football, Manchester United and Liverpool found their histories converging at the weekend as both clubs braced themselves for imminent takeover.
Phillip Island shapes as star #39;s crowning glory ITALIAN superstar Valentino Rossi could wrap up his fourth consecutive championship in the premier motorcycle class at Phillip Island this weekend.
Gilchrist says Warne did the job ACTING Australian captain Adam Gilchrist assured Shane Warne he had paid his way despite falling short in his exasperating tilt at world record glory yesterday.
Yankees Take Series Over Twins; Dodgers, Astros Win (Update5) Alex Rodriguez doubled, stole third and scored on a wild pitch in the 11th inning as the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Minnesota Twins 6-5 and advance to the American League Championship Series against Boston.
Skoko tells of Roos #39; resolve MATCH-winning midfielder Josip Skoko yesterday revealed the multi-millionaire Socceroos have made a pact to sacrifice all creature comforts in pursuit of a World Cup spot.
Paper: Ex-Steeler Likely Had Breakdown (AP) AP - Former Pittsburgh Steelers lineman Justin Strzelczyk probably suffered a mental breakdown before he led New York state troopers on a highway chase that ended in the fiery head-on crash that killed him, according to a newspaper.
Soderling Beats Malisse to Win Lyon Open (AP) AP - Sweden's Robin Soderling won his first ATP singles title, using a strong serve to defeat Belgium's Xavier Malisse 6-2, 3-6, 6-4 Sunday in the Lyon Open final.
Sweden's Soderling Clinches First ATP Tour Title  LYON (Reuters) - Swede Robin Soderling clinched the first  ATP Tour title of his career when he tamed Belgium's Xavier  Malisse 6-2, 3-6, 6-4 in the final of the Lyon Grand Prix  Sunday.
Kuwait to Back Quota Hike if Price High  ABU DHABI (Reuters) - Major Gulf producer Kuwait will back  a hike of 1 million barrels per day in OPEC's output ceiling if  oil prices stay at record levels, a move that would bring  formal production limits in line with actual supplies.
Edwards Disputes Rice on Iraq Invasion (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic vice presidential\candidate John Edwards on Sunday disputed a White House\assertion that it was right to topple Saddam Hussein even if he\had no illegal weapons because he posed a future threat.
Senate Rejects Some 9/11 Panel Advice (AP) AP - Senators rejected the Sept. 11 commission's recommendation for congressional oversight and adopted their own plan as they prepared for final negotiations with the House on reorganizing the spy agencies Congress supervises.
Immelt: Joy At GE As Q3 Earnings Jump 11 The news is often sobering these days. But they #39;re smiling at General Electric (nyse: GE - news - people ), where the company posted third-quarter earnings that are up 11, with revenue rising 15.
Beckham is facing lengthy lay-off David Beckham #39;s cracked rib could sideline him for up to six weeks and the England skipper will be on his way to worried Real Madrid on Monday rather than to Wednesday #39;s World Cup game in Azerbaijan.
Stoner #39;s luck turns with second win Australian Casey Stoner turned his wretched luck around to win the Malaysian 125cc Motorcycle Grand Prix yesterday, just six days before his 19th birthday.
Thin bullpens have managers calling on closers earlier An epidemic has erupted in the postseason. In the first seven division series games, managers used their closers for three innings three times.
Growth may lose steam, say CEOs IRVING, TEXAS: Top US executives are pessimistic about next years economy, citing high oil prices, geopolitical threats and stuttering consumer confidence, according to a survey released on Wednesday.
Bigley Execution Video Shown on Internet A sickening video of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley being beheaded by his captors was circulating on the internet tonight. In his last desperate moments, Mr 
IBM looks to China in mainframe push SAN FRANCISCO--Buoyed by brisk sales of its mainframe computers in recent quarters, IBM is aiming to broaden the use of the powerful machines, particularly in China, the world #39;s fastest-growing large economy.
WC Qualifiers: No surprises in South America MONTEVIDEO, Oct 10 (SW) - There were no real surprises in the South American qualifiers for World Cup 2006 on Saturday as both Argentina and title holders Brazil easily won their matches.
Blast hits Pakistani mosque ISLAMABAD, PAKISTAN - A suicide attacker detonated a bomb at a Shia mosque in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore Sunday, killing at least four people.
UK hostage #39;s last appeal on Web A video tape posted on the Internet on Sunday shows British hostage Kenneth Bigley making a last appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of the militants holding him in Iraq before being beheaded.
Rebel attacks hit Baghdad as Rumsfeld visits  quot;They know they cannot defeat us militarily. But they are hoping they can win the test of wills. It #39;s a battle of morale.
Rooney backs fiercesome threesome (AFP) AFP - Wayne Rooney believes the three-pronged attack of himself, Michael Owen and Jermain Defoe can put England on the fast track to the World Cup finals.
Karzai Hopes Rivals Will Honor Afghan Vote  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai said on  Sunday that some of the candidates who had called for a boycott  of a historic presidential election had changed their mind and  were willing to accept its legitimacy.
Cause Sought for Fatal Ark. Tour Bus Crash WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. - Relatives of more than a dozen travelers who were hurt when their tour bus drifted off a highway kept vigil Sunday at hospitals while investigators sought a cause for the crash that killed 15 people...
Candidates on Issues: Medical Malpractice (AP) AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and their responses:
Flood death toll rises in Assam More than 100 people die in flash floods in India's north-eastern state of Assam in recent days.
E-Voting Research Delayed, Experts Say (AP) AP - After nearly 50,000 Michigan Democrats cast ballots over the Internet in February, academics eagerly sought election data that would help them determine what types of people voted online. But scholars around the country complain that they haven't been able to get statistics from the Feb. 7 caucus.
US House approves US\$422 billion arms bill The US House of Representatives on Saturday approved a final US\$422 billion (\$631.64 billion) bill for defence programmes that backs next year #39;s round of military base closings and kills a proposed US\$23.
Schumacher Wins Japanese Grand Prix Seven-time Formula One auto racing world champion Michael Schumacher of Germany led from start to finish behind the wheel of his Ferrari to easily win the Japanese Grand Prix.
Rossi brings Yamaha closer to title with Malaysian Grand Prix &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEPANG, Malaysia (AFP) - Valentino Rossi of Italy won the Malaysian motorcycling Grand Prix to extend his overall lead in the world championship here.
Dent proof: Novak victorious in Tokyo Tokyo, Japan (Sports Network) - Fifth-seeded Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic sent seventh-seeded American Taylor Dent packing with a tough victory in Sunday #39;s final at the \$775,000 Japan Open.
Portugal blasted after draw with Liechtenstein _ Portuguese media heaped criticism Sunday on the country #39;s national soccer team, which was held to an embarrassing 2-2 draw by minnow Liechtenstein in World Cup qualifying.
Cricket: Aussie ecstasy Warne #39;s agony BANGALORE - Australia comprehensively beat India on day five of the first cricket test yesterday but Shane Warne remained agonisingly short of Muttiah Muralitharan #39;s world record for the most career wickets.
Italy remains calm after loss to Slovenia Italy was upset, although not altogether distraught, after its first loss in World Cup qualifying. Slovenia beat the Azzurri 1-0 in Celje on substitute Bostjan Cesar #39;s 82nd-minute header.
Cambodia Scrambles to Name New King Cambodia #39;s King Norodom Sihanouk #39;s abdication statement last week stunned the nation and left politicians scrambling to figure out how to choose a new king.
Chen Shui-bian #39;s call for talks discredited Taiwan leader Chen Shui-bian was accused Sunday of playing word games in his  quot;national day quot; speech. Mainland researchers described his call for cross-Straits peace talks as  quot;more symbolic than substantial.
Emory: Patient's Disorder Isn't Mad Cow (AP) AP - Emory University Hospital has confirmed that a brain surgery patient does not have the human version of mad cow disease, but does have a rare, fatal disorder that resembles it.
NFL Wrap: Manning Tosses Three TDs as Colts Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning threw three touchdown  passes to move closer to the all-time season record as the  Indianapolis Colts routed the visiting Tennessee Titans 51-24  Sunday.
The Flow of Interstellar Helium in the Solar System European Space Agency -- 'Consensus on conditions in the cloud of interstellar gas surrounding the Sun from several in-situ observation methods'     Through coordinated observations with instruments on several ESA and NASA spacecraft and a collaborative analysis effort hosted by the International Space Science Institute (ISSI) an international team of scientists has compiled for the first time a consistent set of the physical parameters of helium in the very local interstellar gas cloud the surrounds the solar system.     Careful analysis of data from three complementary observation methods produced a reliable set of physical parameters for the local cloud which can be used to model the interaction between the Sun and the surrounding interstellar gas and establish dimensions of the solar system...
Saturn's Perfect Storms To see a hurricane grow on Earth, one's best view is from orbit. But on the windiest planet in the solar system, Saturnian clouds can gather to sizes greater than our tiny blue planet...
Popping Opportunity's Escape Hatch The Mars Opportunity site continues to intrigue scientists as they decipher the chemistry deeper in Endurance crater. The rise in chlorine and fall in sulfur may suggest alterations by evaporating water in the crater's past.
Mathematicians Offer Help in Fight Against Terrorists A small group of thinking men and women convened at Rutgers University last month to consider how order theory - a branch of abstract mathematics that deals with hierarchical relationships - could be applied to the war on terror.
Nordstrom and Costco dodge September #39;s retail doldrums Two of the region #39;s best-known retail brands -- Costco Wholesale Corp. and Nordstrom Inc. -- bucked a national trend of lukewarm sales in September and posted significant gains over the same period last year.
IBM looks to China in mainframe push Buoyed by surging sales of its mainframe computers in recent quarters, IBM is aiming to broaden the use of the powerful machines, particularly in China, the world #39;s fastest-growing large economy.
Heavyweight rivals are set to slug it out in ALCS Relaxing for the announcement last night were the Boston Red Sox. And in this corner ... the New York Yankees. Thanks to bouncing back from a 5-1 deficit against the Minnesota Twins last night, the stars are aligned.
Rumsfeld: Troop Reductions Not Likely Until Iraqis Stronger There likely won #39;t be a reduction in US troop strength in Iraq until after the country #39;s national elections in January, Defense Secretary Donald 
Crippled sub towed toward safety A crippled Canadian submarine was late Thursday being towed toward Scotland after two days spent adrift near Ireland without power following a fatal fire, an Irish captain participating in the rescue said.
Tape of Bigley #39;s assassination posted on website A videotape of the beheading of British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared Sunday on an Islamist website, showing the civil engineer pleading that he wanted  quot;to live a simple life quot; moments before he was decapitated.
Egypt Questions Suspects in Red Sea Resort Bombings News agencies quoted unnamed Egyptian security sources as saying more than a dozen Sinai Desert Bedouin were being questioned about smuggling explosives into the resort areas.
Nigeria braces for strike as union leader released by secret &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABUJA (AFP) - Nigeria braced for a nationwide strike as the country #39;s top union leader emerged from secret police custody determined to pursue labour #39;s opposition to President Olusegun Obasanjo #39;s economic reforms.
Bigley execution shown on internet A sickening video of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley being beheaded by his captors is circulating on the internet. In his last desperate moments, Mr Bigley is seen pleading  quot;to live a simple life quot; before being executed.
More Job Cuts Set by AT amp;T; Total to Hit 20 of Staff The AT amp;T Corporation, the nation #39;s largest long-distance provider, said yesterday that it would eliminate more than 20 percent of its work force this year and write off \$11.
He #39;s back SUZUKA, Japan Michael Schumacher returned to the Formula One winner #39;s circle today. The seven-time world champion took the checkered flag at the Japanese Grand Prix, beating his brother Ralf to the finish line by 14 seconds.
Authorities to use info-sharing portal during debate While President Bush and Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) square off in their second debate tonight in St. Louis, more than two dozen federal, state and local law enforcement 
Gallacher wins Dunhill Links after playoff with McDowell (AFP) AFP - Scotland's Stephen Gallacher stunned a host of favourites to win the Dunhill Links Championship after winning an extra playoff hole against Graeme McDowell.
New Backup Voting System May Pose Problems (AP) AP - Call it the law of unintended consequences. A new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing Election Day problems as infamous as Florida's hanging chads.
Somali Presidential Poll Goes Into 3rd Round  NAIROBI (Reuters) - A presidential election aimed at  restoring national government to lawless Somalia for the first  time in 13 years went into a third round on Sunday after no  outright winner emerged.
Two Car Bombs Kill at Least 11 as Rumsfeld Visits Iraq Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession, killing at least 11 people, including a U.S. soldier, and wounding 16.
Rutto Wins 2nd Straight Chicago Marathon CHICAGO - Evans Rutto of Kenya won his second straight Chicago Marathon on Sunday, finishing in 2 hours, 6 minutes, 16 seconds, and making him 3-for-3 at the 26.2-mile distance.    Daniel Njenga of Kenya was second in 2:07:44 and Toshinari Takaoka of Japan was third in 2:07:50...
Soros may regard 4 growth as keeling over, but for most folks &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Now that the second quarter #39;s soft patch in the US economy has been revised up to show growth of 3.3 percent, economists are turning their attention to the post-soft patch, or regaining traction, period.
\$50-plus oil drags on economy Oil prices above \$50 a barrel - and rising - are now starting to adversely affect the economy and consumers in ways that had not been happening only a few months ago.
House passes bill imposing prison time over  #39;spyware #39; The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw  quot;spyware, quot; irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
Beckham to resume light training soon, say Real England captain David Beckham is expected back in Madrid on Wednesday and will be able to resume light training despite cracking a rib, the Real Madrid website said on Sunday.
Bombers not surprised MINNEAPOLIS - The Yankees, pretty much to a man, agreed on one thing: Meeting the Red Sox stats, schedule was inevitable. It was written in stone long before the Yanks #39; 6-5, ALDS-clinching win yesterday against the Twins.
to Qwest Field. one-and-a-half games better than the defending NFC West champ Rams. St. Louis. home-and-homes in each of the last two seasons. In 2003, Seattle won the home.
Israeli Occupation Forces Wound Children, Raze Lands in Khan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least two Palestinian children have been reportedly shot and wounded by the Israeli occupation troops in the southern Gaza Strip City of Khan Younis.
Oshiomhole Arrested, Narrates Ordeal By Chris Nwachukwu and Francis Onwudo in Lagos, Chuks Okocha, Andy Ekugo, Juliana Taiwo in Abuja and Tunde Sanni in Ilorin. Organised Labour and civil society organisation were jolted early hours of yesterday 
Toll in Assam flash floods rises to 111 Guwahati: The toll in the current wave of flash floods and landslides in Assam has increased to 111. The toll might go up as the rescue operation was continuing in the area.
St. Louis Rams SEATTLE (Ticker) -- The Seattle Seahawks finished two games behind the St. Louis Rams in the NFC West last season. But with a victory over the Rams on Sunday at Qwest Field, the Seahawks will take complete control of the division.
Revenge Fears High After Russia's Mourning (AP) AP - Last week, Tanik Kuizev buried a niece who was among hundreds who died after a North Ossetian school was seized by raiders that included members of the rival Ingush ethnic group. After Wednesday, he vows, he will bury an Ingush to be killed in retribution.
Rutto Wins 2nd Straight Chicago Marathon (AP) AP - Evans Rutto of Kenya won his second straight Chicago Marathon on Sunday, finishing in 2 hours, 6 minutes, 16 seconds, and making him 3-for-3 at the 26.2-mile distance.
Adware Frustrates Computer Users Chuck Harris remembers when the Internet was fun and he #39;d spend hours reading his favorite news sites, checking the church calendar, browsing the shops.
R. Clemens, P HOUSTON (Ticker) -- The Houston Astros can end their postseason struggles vs. the Atlanta Braves and reach the National League Championship Series for the first time since 1980 with a win at home Sunday.
Australia sets world short course record in 400 medley relay Australia set a world record in winning the 400-meter medley relay at the Short Course World Championships on Saturday night. Sophie Edington, Brooke Hanson, Jessica Schipper and Lisbeth Lenton won in 3 minutes 
Prime minister begins planning fourth term after election win in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister John Howard, fresh from winning an election mandate to keep Australian troops in Iraq as long as needed, accepted congratulations from President Bush and began planning his fourth term Sunday.
Philosopher of language dies Philosopher Jacques Derrida, founder of deconstructionism, has died aged 74 of pancreatic cancer. Deconstructionism is a kind of critical thinking or mode of analysis.
2 Chinese Engineers Abducted In Pakistan Islamabad, Oct. 10 (NNN): Two engineers have been abducted by armed persons in troubled South Waziristan Agency area of Pakistan. The Chinese engineers were going to the site of Gomal Zam Dam from their homes at Hathala.
Paper: Home Depot Shares Look Undervalued  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. home improvement retailer, may extend gains amid  solid expected growth in sales of homes and home improvement  products, according to the latest edition of Barron's, the  weekly financial newspaper.
New Technology Helping Volcanologists VANCOUVER, Wash. Oct. 7, 2004 - Geologist David Johnston wouldn #39;t have died on Mount St. Helens today. New equipment developed since the 1980 eruption of the volcano has made it possible for volcanologists 
Eleven Killed in Baghdad Bombings Car bombers struck twice in rapid succession in the Iraqi capital today, killing at least 11 people including an American soldier and wounding at least 16.
Colts Deactivate Pollard, Vanderjagt (AP) AP - Pro Bowl kicker Mike Vanderjagt and starting tight end Marcus Pollard were inactive for the Colts' game Sunday against Oakland.
Victory for Black in US court Hollinger International #39;s \$US1.25billion (\$1.7 billion) legal action alleging racketeering against former chief executive Conrad Black and businesses he controlled was dismissed by a US federal judge last Friday.
Legislators exploring ways to regulate space tourism While entrepreneurs explore how to put ordinary folks into space, federal officials are pondering how to regulate the emerging commercial space industry.
Gallacher Scores First European Tour Win Scotland #39;s Stephen Gallacher holds the trophy in front of the clubhouse whilst sitting on the Swilcan burn bridge after winning the Dunhill Links golf championship at St.
Venezuela pay price for daring to attack Venezuela #39;s 5-2 home defeat by Brazil in their World Cup qualifier has sent a clear message to any other teams who might be tempted to attack the world champions and play them as equals - don #39;t even think about it.
Davenport wins Porsche GP after injured Mauresmo quits Lindsay Davenport won the Porsche Grand Prix on Sunday when top-ranked Amelie Mauresmo quit after losing the first set because of an injured left thigh.
Activist Groups Hail Nobel Pick Human rights and environmental activists have hailed the award of the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize to Wangari Maathai of Kenya as fitting recognition of the growing role of civil society 
US Thanks for Bulgarian Troops Expertise The American defence minister has thanked Bulgaria for the work of its contingent in Iraq, and expressed appreciation of Bulgarian troops #39; professionalism.
Israel Pushes Gaza Offensive, Faces Vote on Pullout (Reuters) Reuters - An explosion killed a Palestinian in Gaza\Sunday, the 11th day of an Israeli offensive against militants\Prime Minister Ariel Sharon hopes will defuse internal\resistance to his plan for withdrawing from some occupied land.
Paper: Sirius Pricey Despite Howard Stern (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.\ look pricey despite the company's new five-year,  #36;500\million pact with shock jock Howard Stern to air his program\starting in 2006, according to the latest edition of Barron's,\the weekly financial newspaper.
Detroit 'African Town' Plan Stirs Debate (AP) AP - Detroit has a Greektown section that tempts visitors with moussaka and baklava, and a Mexicantown neighborhood with Latin American groceries and restaurants. Now, politicians are pushing for a business district identified with the city's biggest minority group  #151; blacks.
Paper: Sirius Pricey Despite Howard Stern  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIRI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIRI.O&lt;/A&gt; look pricey despite the company's new five-year, \$500  million pact with shock jock Howard Stern to air his program  starting in 2006, according to the latest edition of Barron's,  the weekly financial newspaper.
Bush plays on isolationist sentiment in tight White House race with Kerry (AFP) AFP - To assure his reelection on November 2, President George W. Bush appears unhesitant about playing the isolationist card, belittling Democratic challenger John Kerry's commitment to greater cooperation with US allies.
Opec  'ready with spare capacity' Oil ministers of Opec countries say they have the capacity to pump more oil after crude prices hit fresh highs last week. 
Leaked figures 'show pension gap' Britons are saving 57bn too little for their retirement, according to figures leaked to a Sunday paper.
Observers approve Afghan election International observers say calls to annul  the Afghan presidential  poll on grounds of fraud are unjustified.
Corporate Tax Bill Clears Major Hurdle WASHINGTON - The Senate on Sunday removed the last major hurdle stalling passage of the most sweeping overhaul of corporate taxes in nearly two decades.    By a 66-14 vote, lawmakers agreed to end the delaying tactics used by opponents of the tax bill...
Opec  #39;ready with spare capacity #39; The oil ministers of Opec heavyweights Saudi Arabia and Kuwait have pledged to maintain output after prices hit new peaks at the end of last week.
Paper: Sirius Pricey Despite Howard Stern Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. (SIRI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) look pricey despite the company #39;s new five-year, \$500 million pact with shock jock Howard Stern to air his program 
Snow Expects Arab Help Against Oil Prices Oil costing roughly \$53 a barrel is a major drag on the US economy, and Arab finance ministers have told the Bush administration they are committed to bringing the price down, Treasury Secretary John Snow said Sunday.
Henry Acknowledges Irish Threat France striker Thierry Henry believes the Republic of Ireland pose a real threat to his nations hopes of reaching the World Cup finals.
Colts deactivate Pollard, Vanderjagt Pro Bowl kicker Mike Vanderjagt and starting tight end Marcus Pollard were inactive for the Colts #39; game Sunday against Oakland.
Movement Seeks Copyright Alternatives (AP) AP - Getting rights OK'd can be frustrating for artists, be they authors seeking to quote an essay or documentary filmmakers who've got snippets of pop songs playing in the background of key scenes. Artists and scholars who believe the current copyright system unduly stifles creativity are pushing a less restrictive alternative that they call the Creative Commons.
4 killed in Lahore mosque bombing LAHORE: A bombing at a Shiite mosque here on Sunday killed at least four people and injured others, officials said. A witness said a man carrying a briefcase tried to enter the Husainia Hall mosque in the 
Iran, Russia Nearing Nuclear Fuel Deal Russian Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, left, listens to a question during a joint press conference with his Iranian counterpart, Kamal Kharrazi, right, in Tehran, Iran, Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004.
Taiwan Urges China to Begin Peace Talks President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan, in a conciliatory gesture aimed at China's newly consolidated leadership, proposed a fresh start Sunday on long-suspended talks to improve relations and lower tension across the Taiwan Strait.
Proposed Trinidad Alcoa Plant Expanding The production capacity of Alcoa Inc.'s proposed aluminum plant in Trinidad is being expanded by 29 percent, the prime minister said.
UAE, Kuwait to hike oil production capacity THE UAE and Kuwait plan to increase oil production capacity by nearly 3,00,000 bpd and 2,00,000 bpd respectively in the short term in a bid to stabilise the market, which has been rocked by high oil prices touching \$53 per barrel prior to the week end.
US gets new cyber security chief The US has a new head of cyber security, amid concerns about the Bush administration #39;s commitment to protecting computer networks from attack.
Bill imposes prison time over  #39;spyware #39; The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw  quot;spyware, quot; irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
After a pause, Schumacher wins again in Formula One Michael Schumacher asserted his authority in Formula One again Sunday with his 13th victory of the season but first since August. The seven-time world champion captured the Japanese Grand Prix, which was run 
NFL Game Preview The struggling Tampa Bay Buccaneers will be trying to avoid an 0-5 start in the Superdome this Sunday, when Jon Gruden #39;s team visits the New Orleans Saints in an NFC South duel.
Cal throws scare into USC Almost a special victory gt;  quot;It looked like (Makonnen) was held or bumped or something, quot; Rodgers said.  quot;I #39;m pretty frustrated. We dominated the game.
Flash Floods in Northeastern India Claim More Lives Rescuers in northeastern India have recovered at least 23 more bodies after flash floods, bringing the death toll from new rains in the state of Assam to at least 88.
Thousands Attend Funeral of Slain Islamic Cleric in Karachi In Pakistan, some 10,000 mourners have gathered in Karachi for the funeral services of one of two prominent Sunni Muslim clerics killed Saturday.
Innovation Needed Before Techs Can Grow (AP) AP - Jeffrey Saut doesn't need a minutely detailed analysis to get a read on the technology sector  #151; the chief investment strategist at Raymond James Financial Services can get an idea from just looking around his office. Raymond James isn't buying new technology, and neither are thousands of other companies  #151; because there's nothing that they're really motivated to buy.
Snow Predicts Oil Prices Set to Go Down (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow\predicted on Sunday skyrocketing oil prices were set to  go\down and said Middle Eastern finance ministers had responded\positively to his request to boost output quotas.
Russia against referring Iran nuclear dossier to UN Security Council (AFP) AFP - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Moscow was opposed to seeing Iran referred to the UN Security Council over its nuclear program, warning such a step could be  quot;counter-productive quot;.
Retailers Aim to Excite Holiday Shoppers (AP) AP - With a weak back-to-school season behind them, the nation's retailers are focused on the holidays and what steps they need to take to get consumers excited about shopping again. That could mean some quick merchandise changes and more aggressive discounting than they originally planned.
U.N. Peacekeepers Hurt in Haiti Shootouts (AP) AP - Two U.N. peacekeepers were wounded in shootouts with supporters of Haiti's ousted president in the capital and storm survivors in flood-ravaged Gonaives, the first casualties of the 4-month-old U.N. mission, officials said Sunday.
Nigerian Strike Over Fuel Rates to Go On (AP) AP - The chief of Nigeria's main labor organization vowed that a four-day nationwide strike to protest fuel price hikes will go ahead Monday as planned, and accused President Olusegun Obasanjo of shunning dialogue to resolve union grievances.
Israeli Missile Hits Militants in Gaza Camp, 3 Hurt  GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli air force struck Palestinian  militants as they planted a bomb intended for use against  Israeli troops in a Gaza Strip refugee camp Sunday, wounding  three of them, witnesses and military sources said.
Ethiopia Ally Wins Somali Presidency - Official  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Ethiopian-backed warlord Abdullahi  Yusuf was elected Somali president by lawmakers on Sunday,  officials said, in the 14th attempt in a decade to restore  government to the lawless African country.
Questions About Vote in Afghanistan Fade a Day Later Some candidates moderated their stance in light of a consensus proclaiming the election, while not problem-free, a success.
Cause Sought in Fatal Ark. Tour Bus Crash WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. - Relatives of more than a dozen travelers who were hurt when their tour bus drifted off a highway kept vigil Sunday at hospitals while investigators sought a cause for the crash that killed 15 people...
Woods in No Hurry After His Marriage Tiger Woods always said he had to win a major for it to be considered a great year, but he might have found an exception last week when he got married in Barbados.   "Offseason .....
House Passes Corporate-Tax Bill WASHINGTON -- The House last night passed a massive business-tax bill aimed at settling a trade dispute with the European Union and propping up domestic manufacturers.
Nintendo President Iwata Speaks October 07, 2004 - Nintendo began its NDS press conference in Japan yesterday with a lengthy statement from company head Satoru Iwata.
Second Spyware Bill Gets OK in House Both bills will likely need to be combined into one and then reconciled with similar bills that have originated in the Senate before they can start to make their way through both houses again.
Purdue jumps five spots to fifth Although quarterback Kyle Orton was less than perfect Saturday, he did enough to help Purdue defeat Penn State and climb five more spots to No.
Business as usual for NZ - Howard tells Clark Prime Minister Helen Clark has congratulated Australian Prime Minister John Howard on his fourth straight election victory, and in the process has drawn some not-so-subtle parallels with her own prospects heading into next year #39;s election.
Assam flash floods toll mounts to 70 GUWAHATI: Nine bodies were recovered in Assam #39;s Goalpara district on Sunday morning taking the death toll in the current flash floods in the state to 70, official sources said.
Simms suffers shoulder injury New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay quarterback Chris Simms left in the first quarter of Sunday #39;s game against New Orleans with a left shoulder injury.
Group Frees 10 Turks After Company Quits Iraq -TV Iraqi kidnappers have released 10 Turkish hostages they had held for over a month after their Turkish employer said it would leave Iraq, Al Jazeera television said on Sunday.
Ethiopia Ally Elected Somali President  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Ethiopian-backed warlord Abdullahi  Yusuf was elected Somali president by lawmakers on Sunday in  the 14th attempt in a decade to restore government to the  lawless African country.
Yugansk Licenses Safe for 3 Months The Natural Resources Ministry on Friday gave Yukos a three-month stay of execution. The company has three months to rectify tax payments at its core production unit, Yuganskneftegaz, or face losing key production licenses.
Woods in No Hurry After His Marriage (AP) AP - Tiger Woods always said he had to win a major for it to be considered a great year, but he might have found an exception last week when he got married in Barbados.
Defense Comes Up Big for No. 5 Purdue (AP) AP - Kyle Orton passed for 275 yards, and Taylor Stubblefield set a Big Ten record for receptions. But this time, it was the defense that kept Purdue undefeated.
Wire Out for Bills; Jets' Strait Sidelined (AP) AP - Bills strong safety Coy Wire and Jets reserve cornerback Derrick Strait were inactive for their game Sunday because of injury.
Oblak Delighted With Slovenias Win Slovenia coach Brane Oblak said he was delighted with the sensational victory of his team against Italy in Saturday #39;s World Cup Group Five qualifier in Celje.
Kenyan Activist Wins Nobel NAIROBI, Kenya -- Staff and directors of the Green Belt Movement founded by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Wangari Maathai danced Saturday to traditional songs to celebrate her win, as Maathai struggled to come to terms with the award.
Taiwan #39;s President calls for peace talks with China In a careful and conciliatory move, Taiwan #39;s President Chen Shui-bian called for wide-ranging peace talks with China in a bid to adopt a system to prevent an outbreak of war in the Taiwan Strait.
Scot Gallacher Wins Maiden European Tour Title  ST. ANDREWS, Scotland (Reuters) - Stephen Gallacher beat  fellow-Briton Graeme McDowell in a sudden-death playoff for the  Dunhill Links Championship title Sunday, his maiden European  Tour victory.
Venezuela Boosts Taxes on Orinoco Deals  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela on Sunday ordered  foreign oil firms operating in its huge Orinoco heavy crude  belt to pay much higher taxes in what President Hugo Chavez  called a drive to tighten sovereign control over petroleum  resources.
Report: Forstmann to Quit in 2006  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Theodore Forstmann, a pioneer in the  leveraged buyout frenzy of the 1980s and 1990s, plans to leave  the business in 2006, the New York Times said on Sunday.
U.N. Peacekeepers Hurt in Haiti Shootouts Two U.N. peacekeepers were wounded in shootouts with supporters of Haiti's ousted president in the capital and storm survivors in flood-ravaged Gonaives, the first casualties of the 4-month-old U.N. mission, officials said Sunday.
Australia crush India despite late resistance BANGALORE: Australia have crushed India by 217 runs in the first cricket test to take a 1-0 lead in the four-match series. Australia dismissed India for 239 in their second innings 40 minutes after lunch, having 
Ex-Army Officer Elected Somalian President Somali presidential candidate Abdulahi Yusuf Ahmed, left, stands next to an unidentified election official, just after he had taken an oath on the Quran to abide by the election results, Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004 
Stricken Canadian submarine arrives in Scotland, five days after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FASLANE, Scotland (CP) - The stricken Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi finally arrived safely to port Sunday, its weary crew heralded as heroes by a British commander five days after a devastating fire killed one of their crewmates and left their vessel 
Four dead in blast at Shiite mosque as sectarian violence spikes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suicide bombing at a Shiite mosque Sunday in this eastern city killed four people, including two security guards who lost their lives confronting the attacker and preventing a far greater number of deaths.
Monday Night a Crucial Game for Both Teams (AP) AP - The Green Bay Packers and Tennessee Titans insist Monday night's matchup between desperate, disappointing 1-3 teams has lost none of its luster.
Michigan Led by Fab Two: Henne and Hart (AP) AP - The Michigan Wolverines knew they would have to replace quarterback John Navarre and running back Chris Perry this season. They had no idea two freshmen, Chad Henne and Michael Hart, would be doing it.
Beckham May Miss 6 Weeks With Cracked Rib David Beckham could be sidelined up to six weeks after cracking a rib during England's 2-0 World Cup qualifying victory over Wales in which he scored a goal and drew a suspension for the next game.
Retailers Aim to Excite Holiday Shoppers With a weak back-to-school season behind them, the nation #39;s retailers are focused on the holidays and what steps they need to take to get consumers excited about shopping again.
Warne gets Gilchrist #39;s backing Australia #39;s caretaker captain Adam Gilchrist sprang to Shane Warne #39;s defence on Sunday after the leg-spinner fell agonisingly short of becoming #39;s Test cricket #39;s leading bowler.
Rutto Wins 2nd Straight Chicago Marathon A sea of runners race through Millenium Park in downtown during Chicago the annual Chicago Marathon, Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh).
Bombing claims 4 at Pak mosque LAHORE, Oct. 10 - A bombing at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore on Sunday killed at least four people and injured four, officials said.
OSCE Dismisses Calls For New Afghan Vote 10 October 2004 -- (NCA) -- The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) said today that Afghan candidates #39; demands to nullify yesterday #39;s presidential election and hold a re-vote are not justified.
India lose first Test by 217 runs Despite some defiant batting by tail-enders Irfan Pathan, Harbhajan Singh and Zaheer Khan, the Aussies proved too good for the Indians and bundled them for 239.
French firms sign big deals with China but lament the ones that got away (AFP) AFP - French companies and farmers have reeled in deals reportedly worth up to five billion euros (dollars) in China during a state visit to the country by President Jacques Chirac, but executives were said to be disappointed that bigger business was not won.
Apparel Retailers Tune in to Latin Beat (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retailers are spicing up their\fashion lines with a bit of Latin flavor to attract a\long-neglected but increasingly important group of consumers --\Hispanics.
Pakistan's Musharraf says bin Laden alive, but hide-out unknown (AFP) AFP - Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said he believed Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was alive but that he was unsure where he was hiding.
Apparel Retailers Tune in to Latin Beat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. retailers are spicing up their  fashion lines with a bit of Latin flavor to attract a  long-neglected but increasingly important group of consumers --  Hispanics.
Israel air strikes hit Gaza camp One Palestinian is killed and three were injured in Israeli strikes on the Jabaliya refugee camp in Gaza, witnesses say.
Bush and Kerry Campaigns Harden Iraq Stances on Talk Shows Both sides hardened their rhetoric today on a central issue, Iraq, and exchanged sharp attacks on the domestic questions.
Venezuela Boosts Taxes on Orinoco Deals &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Pascal Fletcher&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela on Sunday orderedforeign oil firms operating in its huge Orinoco heavy crudebelt to pay much higher taxes in what President Hugo Chavezcalled a drive to tighten sovereign control over petroleumresources.&lt;/p&gt;
Kuwait crude cooler : Kuwait, the major Gulf oil producer, will back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in Opecs output ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move that would bring 
Martha Stewart  #39;cordial #39; with jailmates: report NEW YORK, Oct 10 (AFP) - US style guru Martha Stewart was friendly with inmates on her first night in jail and appeared in  quot;good spirits quot; as she began serving a five-month prison sentence in West Virginia, US media reported Sunday.
High oil prices create  #39;headwinds #39; for US economy: treasury &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON, Oct 10 (AFP) - Record-high oil prices are a drag on the US economy, Treasury Secretary John Snow said Sunday, but predicted that prices would ease because current levels were out of line with market fundamentals.
Earning the People #39;s Trust A few days ago I made a 24-hour visit to Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia, as part of a group of Russian journalists at the invitation of the Georgian government and President Mikheil Saakashvili.
Venezuela Boosts Taxes on Orinoco Deals Venezuela on Sunday ordered foreign oil firms operating in its huge Orinoco heavy crude belt to pay much higher taxes in what President Hugo Chavez called 
Google SMS is good for the Company and the Users I have tested Google search on WAP and it works fine. But considering Google has around 4.2 Billion pages (as per their homepage), finding information on a mobile phone is not fun.
Three Iraq Car Bombs Kill At Least 20 People The most severe attack happened near the Oil Ministry building and a nearby police academy, killing 17 people. Oil Ministry spokesman Asim Jihad said most of the casualties were passersby, including seven women.
Patriots Get Record Win The New England Patriots set an NFL record for consecutive wins, with plenty of help from the winless Miami Dolphins, in a 24-10 victory.
Study: Few Americans Buy Drugs Online (AP) AP - Only 4 percent of Americans have ever used the Internet to buy prescription drugs  #151; and even fewer do so through foreign pharmacies  #151; despite Web sites maintained by a handful of states to help citizens import medicines more cheaply from Canada, a new study finds.
Few Americans Buy Medicines Online, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - Few American adults have bought\prescription drugs via the Internet, despite rising drug costs\and increased pressure to import cheaper drugs from abroad,\according to a new study released on Sunday.
Notes: Garner not looking ahead You have to hand it to the Houston Astros -- the starting rotation they #39;ve used in the first round of the playoffs has been not only effective, but interesting, too.
Video of execution of British hostage appears on Internet A video showing British hostage in Iraq, Kenneth Bigley, being beheaded has appeared on the Internet. The news comes amid reports that the engineer made a brief escape, possibly with the help of British intelligence services.
Aussie, UK Scientists Claim Pest Control Breakthrough (Reuters) Reuters - Australian and British scientists have\achieved a technical breakthrough to help control insects that\have developed resistance to common agricultural pesticides,\the New South Wales state government said on Thursday.
Venezuela Hikes Taxes on Foreign Companies Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Sunday that taxes on foreign companies extracting heavy crudes from Venezuelan soil would be raised to 16.
State Vioxx users line up to sue over heart ailments Scores of Michigan residents are clamoring to file lawsuits against drug giant Merck  amp; Co. since its arthritis drug Vioxx was found to increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Loonie trades above 80 cents US for the first time in more than a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - The Canadian dollar on Friday eclipsed the 80-cent US mark for the first time in more than a decade, as a jump in job-creation last month pushed unemployment down to the lowest rate in three years and built the case for the Bank of Canada to 
October retail sales predicted to show strength A Merrill Lynch report out Friday is optimistic about stronger retail sales in October compared to a weak September. The report also singles out as a strong performer Kohl #39;s Department Stores, which entered 
National League Playoff Game Summary - Atlanta at Houston Houston, TX (Sports Network) - JD Drew singled home Rafael Furcal with the go-ahead run in the top of the ninth and John Smoltz pitched out of a jam in the bottom of the inning, as the Atlanta Braves forced a decisive fifth game of the National League 
Gilchrist leaps to Warne #39;s defence Australia #39;s caretaker captain Adam Gilchrist has sprung to the defence of Shane Warne after the leg-spinner fell agonisingly short of becoming Test cricket #39;s leading bowler.
Family Tragedy for Yankees Pitcher (New York-WABC, October 10, 2004) - The euphoria of Saturday night #39;s win was quickly overshadowed Sunday, when two relatives of Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera died in a swimming pool accident Saturday night at his home in Panama.
Gallacher clinches dunhill title Stephen Gallacher clinched his first win on the European Tour after eding out Graeme McDowell on the first play-off hole in the dunhill links Championship.
Barber leads Giants over Cowboys Irving, TX (Sports Network) - Tiki Barber ran for 122 yards and a touchdown and the New York Giants scored 20 unanswered points in the second half to post a 26-10 victory over Dallas in a showdown between NFC East rivals at Texas Stadium.
Colts 35, Raiders 14 The combination of Peyton Manning and Edgerrin James was too powerful for the Oakland Raiders. Manning completed 16 of 26 passes for 198 yards and three touchdowns, while James ran for 136 yards and a score 
Flash floods kill 100 in India More than 100 people have died in flash floods in the north-east Indian state of Assan. Officials say the worst affected area is the western district of Goalpara, where more than 80 villagers are still missing.
Gas Hits 4-Month High of  #36;1.99/gallon (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. average retail gasoline prices\are again approaching  #36;2 a gallon, reaching a four-month high\amid record high crude oil prices and the effects of Hurricane\Ivan, a leading industry analyst said on Sunday.
Mexican Migrants Launch Relay to NYC (AP) AP - Mexican migrants launched a two-month relay Sunday from Mexico's capital to New York, calling on lawmakers to grant them the right to cast absentee ballots in 2006 presidential elections and organizing undocumented workers along the way.
Gas Hits 4-Month High of \$1.99/gallon  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. average retail gasoline prices  are again approaching \$2 a gallon, reaching a four-month high  amid record high crude oil prices and the effects of Hurricane  Ivan, a leading industry analyst said on Sunday.
New Backup Voting System May Pose Problems WASHINGTON - Call it the law of unintended consequences. A new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing Election Day problems as infamous as Florida's hanging chads...
Gallacher scores first European Tour AP - Stephen Gallacher has beaten Graeme McDowell with a birdie on the first play-off hole at the Dunhill Links Championship to score his first European Tour victory.
Yankees closer expected to play in ALCS Mariano Rivera #39;s celebration of the Yankees #39; Division Series win was muted on Saturday night, as the closer learned after the game of an accident at his home in Panama.
New Orleans Saints NEW ORLEANS (Ticker) -- It was supposed to be Chris Simms - not Brian Griese - to stop the bleeding in Tampa Bay. In relief duty of Simms, who was injured in the first quarter of his first NFL start, Griese 
Israel air strikes hit Gaza camp A Palestinian man has been killed and six others have been injured in the latest violence in the Gaza Strip. The man - a schoolteacher - died on his way to work after an Israeli missile blew apart a home in the Jabaliya camp, Palestinian witnesses said.
French firms sign big deals with China but lament the ones that &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS : French companies and farmers have reeled in deals reportedly worth up to five billion euros (dollars) in China during a state visit to the country by President Jacques Chirac, but executives were said to be disappointed that bigger business was 
Al-Jazeera TV station says Iraqi kidnappers claim to have released &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Arab TV station said Sunday it received a statement from Iraqi militants saying they had freed 10 Turkish hostages. An anchor on Qatar-based Al-Jazeera TV, citing  #39; #39;special sources, #39; #39; said 
Kuwait to Back Quota Hike if Price High Major Gulf producer Kuwait will back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in OPEC #39;s output ceiling if oil prices stay at record levels, a move that 
Snow Predicts Oil Prices Set to Go Down US Treasury Secretary John Snow predicted on Sunday skyrocketing oil prices were set to go down and said Middle Eastern finance ministers had responded positively to his request to boost output quotas.
could worsen, study finds WASHINGTON - The US West, already suffering from a long drought, could be in for worse if past patterns hold up, experts said in the latest issue of the journal Science.
Brazil fans invade pitch KAKA and Ronaldo hit two goals each as Brazil held their lead in the South America World Cup qualifiers after a comfortable win at Venezuela during a match twice interrupted by fans running onto the pitch.
Iraqi militants say they freed Turkish hostages An Arab TV station said Sunday it received a statement from Iraqi militants saying they had freed 10 Turkish hostages. An anchor on Qatar-based Al-Jazeera TV, citing  quot;special sources, quot; said 
Libya Arrests 17 Alleged al-Qaida Members (AP) AP - Police have arrested 17 non-Libyans suspected of being al-Qaida members who entered this North African country illegally, the interior minister said Sunday.
Bush, Kerry Camps Battle Over War on Terror (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and Democrat\John Kerry battled over who can best make the United States\safer on Sunday, the Bush camp accusing Kerry of wanting to\treat terrorists like gamblers and the Kerry side saying his\Republican opponent was soft on homeland security.
Giants Match 2004 Win Total Tiki Barber ran for 122 yards and a touchdown and Steve Christie kicked four field goals, leading the Giants past the Dallas Cowboys for their fourth victory.
Update 2: Poles Line Up for Shares in Bank Poles signed waiting lists Sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
Streaking Giants Lasso Cowboys 26-10 (AP) AP - The New York Giants sure are going to enjoy their bye week. After all, five games into the season they've already matched last year's win total.
Braves force fifth game CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Houston Astros blew a 5-2 lead to lose for the first time at home in 20 games, a crucial defeat that forced a fifth game finale in Atlanta on Monday.
Davenport closes on top spot American Lindsay Davenport is another step closer to taking the world number one ranking from France #39;s Amelie Mauresmo, after Mauresmo retired hurt in their final at the Filderstadt Grand Prix in Germany.
Carroll leads Aussie charge in USA Lara Carroll has qualified fastest for the final of the women #39;s 200m individual medley at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis.
Patriots Get NFL-Record 19th Straight Win: NFL Week 5 (Update1) Tom Brady threw two touchdown passes to help the New England Patriots beat the Miami Dolphins 24-10 for their 19th consecutive victory, a National Football League record.
Braves Beat Astros 6-5 to Set Up Atlanta Finale  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Adam LaRoche crushed a game-tying  three-run homer and J.D. Drew slapped a ninth-inning RBI single  to give the Braves a 6-5 comeback victory over the Houston  Astros on Sunday.
Atlanta Forces Game 5 The Braves prevailed, 6-5, after coming back from a three-run deficit against the Houston Astros after Roger Clemens came out of the game.
Sudan wants non-Western states on expanded UN Security Council (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese government declared its support for proposed reforms to the UN Security Council but said an expanded body should include nations from Africa and Latin America rather than more Western states.
Death Toll in South Asia Floods Hits 177 (AP) AP - Rescuers searching through knee-deep water found 33 more bodies in India's remote northeastern state of Assam on Sunday, bringing the death toll from unseasonably heavy rains in South Asia to 177.
NFL: Tampa Bay 20, New Orleans 17 Brian Griese replaced injured rookie Chris Simms Sunday and threw for 194 yards and a touchdown as Tampa Bay fought off New Orleans, 20-17.
Vikings Sack Texans 34-28 in Overtime (AP) AP - The upstart Houston Texans proved they're never out of any game. The Minnesota Vikings and quarterback Daunte Culpepper showed them what it takes to close one out.
Key oil producers vow to expand production ABU DHABI Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates vowed Sunday to go on expanding their production capacity to deflate record oil prices of above \$53 a barrel, and Saudi Arabia, the biggest exporter, said it could bring on 1.5 million barrels a 
Buying back T-Online Deutsche Telekom, the largest European phone company, has offered to buy out investors in T-Online International, its Internet division, for about E3 billion, aiming to revive growth at its fixed-line business.
Crippled Canadian submarine was sea-worthy: skipper (AFP) AFP - The captain of the crippled Canadian submarine Chicoutimi, back in a Scottish port after a fatal onboard fire, said the boat was ready to go to sea when it left harbour eight days ago.
Libyan police arrest 17 alleged al-Qaida members - all foreigners (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TRIPOLI, Libya (AP) - Police have arrested 17 non-Libyans suspected of being al-Qaida members who entered this North African country illegally, the interior minister said Sunday.
Gallacher #39;s wedge shot wraps up  #39;dream #39; title A famous name once more adorns a European Tour trophy after Stephen Gallacher won the Dunhill Links Championship yesterday at St Andrews.
Novak triumphs in Japan Open Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic rallied to beat the American Taylor Dent, 5-7, 6-1, 6-3, on Sunday to win the Japan Open men #39;s final in Tokyo.
Win gives tourists bigger edge Victories in India are precious and to win so emphatically in the opening match of a series of such importance will further buoy an already buoyant Australian team.
USC, Oklahoma in driver #39;s seat After the dust finally settled on Showdown Saturday, the guys flashing the badges were still riding high in their saddles. Worthy contenders took aim at the authority of USC and Oklahoma, but 
Pats set NFL record with 19th straight win Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - Tom Brady threw for a pair of scores and Corey Dillon ran for 94 yards, as the New England Patriots set an NFL record with their 19th consecutive victory in a 24-10 triumph over the winless Miami Dolphins at Gillette Stadium 
Simms suffers shoulder injury; Griese leads Bucs to win New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay quarterback Chris Simms left in the first quarter of Sunday #39;s win against New Orleans with a left shoulder injury.
China Offers Rewards for Reporting Porn (AP) AP - China's police ministry on Sunday handed out rewards of up to  #36;240 to people who reported pornographic Web sites in a campaign to stamp out online smut, the government said.
Martin treads hostile political ground to pay tribute to lost sailor (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - It takes grace, empathy and tact to stand as a country's symbolic pall bearer. National leaders must walk a fine line in times of tragedy, a balance that was especially delicate for Paul Martin here Sunday.
In orbit for profit LONDON - A new space race has begun and this time it has nothing to do with planting flags on the moon - it is all about money. The announcement last month by entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson that he was investing 
Cingular #39;s Quiet Takeover although they wouldn #39;t know it from watching the company #39;s commercials or shopping in its stores. The cell phone provider is expected 
Confidence sags in service sector Services firms are worried that they are vulnerable to a weakening economy, a CBI report warns.
MLB: Atlanta 6, Houston 5 JD Drew extended Atlanta #39;s season Sunday by driving in the go-ahead run in the ninth as the Braves rallied to down Houston, 6-5.
Schumi back to winning at Japanese GP After three races without a win, the world champion cruised to his 13th victory of the season and a record of 146 championship points for the season yesterday.
Real Want Beckham Back in Training Real Madrid believe David Beckham will be able to take part in a gym session on Wednesday despite the England captain suffering a hairline rib fracture in Saturdays 2-0 defeat of Wales.
Culpepper #39;s fifth TD pass lassos Texans in OT Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Daunte Culpepper #39;s fifth touchdown pass of the game -- a 50-yard strike to Marcus Robinson in overtime -- lifted the Minnesota Vikings to a 34-28 win over the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium.
No. 2 Oklahoma uses Texas game to show improvement Texas coach Mack Brown thinks this Oklahoma squad might just be better than the one that dominated his team a year ago. The reason wasn #39;t the score -- the second-ranked Sooners beat the Longhorns 12-0 on Saturday 
Car-bomb attacks in Baghdad kill 17 BAGHDAD - Two suicide car-bombings killed at least 17 people in Baghdad yesterday as US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld began an unannounced visit to Iraq.
France-China deals awaken Europeans PARIS President Jacques Chirac of France will return from a lavish five-day state visit to China on Tuesday with industrial orders worth more than \$4 billion, a success that is not going unnoticed in neighboring European countries and may intensify 
Sihanouk wants dancer son to be next king PHNOM PENH - Cambodia #39;s retired king yesterday for the first time publicly backed his 51-year-old son, Prince Norodom Sihamoni, to take over the throne he relinquished last week.
NFL Wrap: Patriots Win Record 19th Straight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tom Brady threw a pair of touchdown  passes as the New England Patriots set a National Football  League record for consecutive wins by downing the winless Miami  Dolphins 24-10 in Foxboro on Sunday.
Thick skin helps Republican volunteer campaigner in Spain (AFP) AFP - When jewellery designer Cynthia Dillon offered to help galvanize Republican support among Europe-based US voters, she didn't have to wait long to realize her key weapon on the stump in Spain was a skin as thick as her party's elephant symbol.
Canada congratulates Afghanistan on elections (AFP) AFP - Canada's government offered its congratulations to Afghanistan following landmark presidential elections there this weekend.
Kerry courts Florida voters as Bush prepares for upcoming debate (AFP) AFP - Democratic hopeful John Kerry joined singing worshippers at a largely black Baptist church here seeking their support, while his rival, President George W. Bush, prepared at his Texas ranch for their upcoming debate on domestic issues.
August Machine Tool Demand Up Sharply  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. machine tool demand in August  rose sharply from a year earlier as manufacturers ratcheted-up  purchases amid signs the economy is improving, two industry  trade groups said in a report released on Sunday.
The Vioxx warning FOR FOUR years, researchers have been pointing to disturbing signs that the popular painkilling drug Vioxx causes heart attacks and strokes with long-term use.
Schumacher home and dry Like the death of Mark Twain, the demise of the Japanese Grand Prix proved greatly exaggerated. Typhoon Ma-On, due to lay waste to Suzuka mid-afternoon on Saturday, re-routed east to Tokyo, leaving the circuit untouched.
IRAQ VIOLENCE TO SOAR:RUMSFELD On a surprise visit to Iraq US Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, has predicted violence will increase ahead of January #39;s elections as rebel attacks killed 11 people including a US soldier.
Pakistan is opposed to UNSC expansion, says Musharraf ISLAMABAD: President Pervez Musharraf said on Sunday that Pakistan would not contribute to expanding the UN Security Council. We feel that increasing the number of permanent members of the UN Security Council 
Braves Beat Astros 6-5, Set Up Atlanta Finale Adam LaRoche crushed a game-tying three-run homer and JD Drew slapped a ninth-inning RBI single to give the Braves a 6-5 comeback victory over the Houston Astros on Sunday.
Wayward Warne delays Australia Australia took the spoils but India took the credit on the last day of the Bangalore Test. Adam Gilchrist #39;s side took a step back in the final hour of play on the fourth evening and thereafter played poor cricket.
Giants already match win total from last season The New York Giants aren #39;t just winning. They #39;re doing the kind of things winning teams do. Like making a stand on fourth-and-1 deep in their own territory, then again at midfield in the fourth quarter.
Rumsfeld Says U.S. Faces Test of Wills in Iraq  ARBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld,  calling the Iraq war a test of wills with insurgents, told  Iraqi security forces on Sunday protecting their nation's  sovereignty was their duty.
Airbus, Boeing in subsidies battle Late in August, Boeing #39;s top sales execs flew to Singapore for a crucial sales pitch. They were close to persuading Singapore Airlines, one of the world #39;s leading airlines, to buy the American company #39;s new jet, the mid-sized 7E7.
Drier Times Ahead in the West? The five-year drought parching much of the western United States could continue for years and may be just the beginning of a long era of drier times due to global warming, a new study suggests.
IBM upgrades blade servers IBM will soon begin shipping upgraded models of its HS20 and JS20 blade servers, including a new SCSI (small computer system interface) option for the HS20 that will double the number of SCSI blades that users can fit into a single chassis, the company 
Fiedler injured in another Miami loss Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler suffered a rib injury during the closing moments of Sunday #39;s 24-10 loss to the New England Patriots.
Chaos Reigns in Ukraine Presidential Race (AP) AP - The apparent front-runner was out of action for weeks with a mysterious illness. His close rival was hospitalized after an attack and was then warned he could be assassinated. With Ukraine's presidential election three weeks away, democracy seems to have gone badly awry as chaos and suspicion overshadow campaign issues in this strategically important country that sways between the West and Russia.
Colo. Senate Candidates Clash Over Terror (AP) AP - The candidates for Colorado's tightly contested open Senate seat  #151; beer heir Peter Coors and state Attorney General Ken Salazar  #151; clashed Sunday over whether Osama bin Laden deserves the death penalty and the legal age for drinking.
Nigeria fuel strike 'to go ahead' Nigeria's union boss vows to go ahead with a four-day strike from Monday against fuel prices rises.
Late Field Goal Keeps Jets Perfect Doug Brien kicked a 38-yard field goal with 58 seconds remaining to lift the Jets to a victory and move them to 4-0 for the second time in franchise history.
Undefeated Jets Thwart Bills on Late Kick (AP) AP - Doug Brien kept the New York Jets perfect. Brien kicked a 38-yard field goal with 58 seconds remaining to lift the Jets to a 16-14 victory over the Buffalo Bills on Sunday, moving the Jets to 4-0 for the second time in franchise history.
Siebel introduces Chapter 2 Siebel unveiled  quot;Chapter 2 quot; of its CRM strategy this week in an effort to revitalise its sagging fortunes. Siebel has seen declining revenue and fierce competition from high-end rivals such as SAP, as well as from smaller companies such as Salesforce.
Chargers Pass by Jaguars 34-21 (AP) AP - The San Diego Chargers looked sharp  #151; and played the same way. Wearing their powder-blue throwback jerseys and white helmets from the 1960s, the Chargers did almost everything right in beating the Jacksonville Jaguars 34-21 on Sunday.
Gallacher clinches dunhill title Stephen Gallacher clinched his first win on the European Tour after edging out Graeme McDowell on the first play-off hole in the dunhill links Championship.
Red Sox, Yankees Get Wanted Matchup (AP) AP - From the instant Aaron Boone's home run cleared the left-field wall last October, the Yankees and Red Sox have been building to this.
 #39;Cheated #39; on the home front AS Coalition strategists enjoyed a cold beer and the warm glow of a fourth term on Saturday night, the  quot;spin quot; over the election result had already begun -- it was about more than just interest rates.
Suspect in Srebrenica massacre arrested One of the most feared members of the Bosnian-Serb army, who was accused of decapitating between 80 and 100 Muslims in 1995 and of carrying out the 
Turkish hostages freed, firm says Iraqi militants have freed 10 employees of a Turkish construction company taken captive in Iraq in last month, the company #39;s general manager says.
Eton denies Prince Harry was  #39;helped #39; Eton College and Clarence House joined forces yesterday to deny allegations due to be made at an employment tribunal today by a former art teacher that she improperly helped Prince Harry secure an A-level pass in art two years ago.
Australian Stolz Hits Title Jackpot in Las Vegas  LAS VEGAS, Nevada (Reuters) - Australian Andre Stolz, way  down in 217th place on the PGA Tour money list at the start of  the tournament, scored a surprise victory at the \$4 million Las  Vegas Invitational on Sunday.
Procter   Gamble Makes On-Demand Ad (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. television viewers have begun to\prize the on-demand services that let them choose the programs\they want, when they want them, but will they do the same for\advertising?
Procter   Gamble Makes On-Demand Ad  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. television viewers have begun to  prize the on-demand services that let them choose the programs  they want, when they want them, but will they do the same for  advertising?
Proposed Trinidad Alcoa Plant Expanding The production capacity of Alcoa Inc. #39;s proposed aluminum plant in Trinidad is being expanded by 29 percent, the prime minister said.
Deutsche Telekom to Buy Out T-Online for \$3.6 Billion (Update2) Deutsche Telekom AG, Europe #39;s largest phone company, plans to buy out investors in its T-Online Internet division in a transaction worth about 2.9 billion euros (\$3.
Nintendo says 12 DS games to debut in Japan TOKYO - Nintendo says it will make available 12 software titles for its new  quot;DS quot; handheld game console when the dual-screen machine debuts in Japan on Dec. 2. Nintendo is gearing up to defend its market share 
Red Sox and Yankees, the matchup they wanted From the instant Aaron Boone #39;s home run cleared the left-field wall last October, the Yankees and Red Sox have been building to this.
WORLD CUP QUALIFIER Republic of Ireland reaction:  #39;good defending, good organisation and good understanding #39;- in fact a pretty good day, all round!
Gallacher beats McDowell in playoff for first European Tour win Stephen Gallacher beat Graeme McDowell with a birdie on the first playoff hole at the Dunhill Links Championship on Sunday to score his first European Tour victory.
Maathais Indian connection... New Delhi, Oct. 10. - Her association with India is nearly two decades old. She is someone who had inspired environmentalists here to think big.
Business deals a highlight of Chirac #39;s Beijing trip BEIJING - Business opportunities in one of the world #39;s fastest-growing economies dominated the agenda yesterday as French President Jacques Chirac met Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and top legislator Wu Bangguo - the No.
Nebraska Tries to Forget 70-10 Flogging (AP) AP - One day after the most lopsided loss in the 115 years of Nebraska football, the coaching staff told the Cornhuskers to forget about it.
Guinea-Bissau Standoff Ends as Soldiers Sign Deal  BISSAU (Reuters) - Soldiers who staged a mutiny last week  in Guinea-Bissau agreed on Sunday to return to their barracks  after striking a deal with the government to end a five-day  standoff in the West African country.
UAE Oil Minister Says OPEC Working to Keep Prices in Check Currently, the UAE is  quot;producing almost our full capacity quot; of 2.5 million bpd, Oil Minister Obeid bin Saif al-Nassiri said, commenting on measures to ease the surge in world oil prices.
Fisher  amp; Paykel buys US manufacturer Fisher  amp; Paykel Appliance Holdings Ltd announced the acquisition of US manufacturer Dynamic Cooking Systems Inc (DCS) for a total of \$NZ83.
Vector Agrees to Pay NZ\$877 Million for 66 of NGC (Update2) Vector Ltd., New Zealand #39;s largest electricity distributor, agreed to pay NZ\$877 million (\$601 million) for Australian Gas Light Co.
Deutsche Tele offers 3 bn to buy back T-Online BONN: Deutsche Telekom is bidding 2.9 bn for the 26 it does not own in T-Online International, pulling the internet service back into the fold four years after selling stock to the public.
Thoughts on free speech  quot;Our system is based on freedom of speech, quot; said Nathan Melton of Spanish Fork. Whether people agree with someone #39;s opinions or not, each person has the right to be heard.
Posco Profit Probably Rose for Ninth Quarter, Helping Expansion Posco, South Korea #39;s biggest steelmaker, is likely to report its ninth consecutive quarter of profit growth, helping fund expansion in China, India and Brazil as the company tries to diversify sales and secure raw materials.
Advice on paying off debt and playing with oil prices Q: I need some advice on paying off debt. I am a 52-year-old engineer who was laid off last fall. I have been unable to find another engineering position.
Tech companies push IT management via Web services Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Friday published a specification to leverage Web services for managing a broad range of IT systems including PCs and devices on a network.
By any means necessary FOXBORO, Mass. -- For more than a year #39;s worth of NFL Sundays, they #39;ve won games as ugly as a bloody nose or as pretty as Tom Brady #39;s cover-boy looks.
Sports: Broncos 20 Panthers 17 DENVER Denver #39;s long line of stellar running backs continues. Backup Reuben Droughns (drohns), filling in for injured Quentin Griffin, ran for 193 yards on 30 carries as the Broncos held off Carolina 20-to-17.
Cosgrove wants Huskers to put loss behind them One day after the most lopsided loss in the 115 years of Nebraska football, the coaching staff told the Cornhuskers to forget about it.
Chirac happy France making most of opportunities in China PARIS, Oct 10 (AFP) - President Jacques Chirac said Sunday that a state visit he was currently making to China was yielding good opportunities for French companies and rejected fears that outsourcing or technology transfers might pose long-term 
Delhomme at head of QB Class of  #39;97 CHARLOTTE -- Carolina Panthers quarterback Jake Delhomme only remembers one thing about the 1997 draft -- that he wasn #39;t going to be in it.
Gallacher hits big time with perfect timing Stephen Gallacher, at the age of 29 an unconsidered and probably under-rated Scot, leaped from relative obscurity to overnight fame yesterday when he won the Dunhill Links Championship, not just in his native Scotland but here at the home of golf.
Braves Beat Astros 6-5 to Force Fifth Game HOUSTON - John Smoltz, Adam LaRoche and J.D. Drew saved the Atlanta Braves from another quick playoff exit...
AMICUS CALLS ON ADAIR TURNER TO RECOMMEND COMPULSORY PENSION &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Amicus Britain #39;s largest private sector union is urging the Government #39;s Pensions Commission headed by Adair Turner to recommend compulsory contributions from employers into staff pension funds.
AGL retreat from NZ energy market The Australian Gas Light Company (AGL) today announced its was ending its 12 year long involvement in the New Zealand energy sector with the \$750 miillion sale of its 66.
Georgian government to announce tax amnesty TBILISI, October 8 (Itar-Tass) -- The Georgian government will announce a tax amnesty. The bill drafted by several ministries and departments bans audit of businessmens tax debts amassed before January 
2 captors received  #39;big bribe #39; to help Bigley flee LONDON - Two of slain British hostage Kenneth Bigley #39;s captors accepted a large sum of money to help him escape, The Sunday Times reported yesterday.
Freeze! Drop the Song! File-Swappers Targeted  quot;Our jails are overcrowded, the police are overworked, and we #39;re going to have to make room in the prisons for teenage file-sharers?
 #39;Must-win #39; nothing new for Astros com. Win Monday, and the team advances to the second round of the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. Lose, and players will suffer through more of those annoying questions about playoff futility.
Vick looks sick -- in a bad way -- vs. motivated Lions D ATLANTA -- They choked on their eggs. Got heartburn from the orange juice. And don #39;t even ask about the sausage. Breakfast was a tough go Sunday for the Detroit Lions defensive players, but it had nothing to do with the food.
Pakistan #39;s Musharraf says bin Laden alive, but hide-out unknown ISLAMABAD : Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said he believed Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was alive but that he was unsure where he was hiding.
Cambodia king urges nation to find successor King Norodom Sihanouk has urged Cambodians to choose a new king and avoid  quot;any chaos quot; in the impoverished country still struggling to recover from its Khmer Rouge past.
Copyright Bill Dies in Senate as Others Advance A bill that would make it easier to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa appeared on Friday to have died a quiet death, but other copyright bills sought by the entertainment industry continued to advance.
Homeowners can click to check flood risk LONDON - People in England and Wales can now discover at the click of a mouse whether they are living in areas liable to flooding, the Environment Agency says.
Andre Stolz holds on to win first title at Las Vegas tournament Andre Stolz wondered what his caddie was doing when he took the flag out of the 18th hole and began carrying it off the green. Turns out his caddie was better with numbers than he was.
Broncos 20, Panthers 17 Rumblin #39;, bumblin #39;, stumblin #39;, Julius Peppers looked up and saw nothing but 104 yards of Mile High air between himself and the end zone.
49ers Nudge Cardinals 31-28 in Overtime (AP) AP - Tim Rattay might be a worthy successor to the 49ers' great quarterbacks after all. He just needed the proper motivation  #151; and the right opponent.
Symonds philosophical after tough race in Japan Engineering director Pat Symonds was philosophical after a disappointing result at Suzuka  and is looking forward to Brazil with renewed determination.
Rivera Suffers Losses Two relatives of Mariano Rivera's wife were electrocuted while cleaning the pool at the Panama home of the New York Yankees closer.
Car Bombs Kill 11 As Rumsfeld Visits Iraq (AP) AP - The United States may be able to reduce its troop levels in Iraq after the January elections if security improves and Iraqi government forces continue to expand and improve, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Sunday. Meanwhile, car bombers struck twice in rapid succession in the capital Sunday, killing at least 11 people including an American soldier.
UVSC student officers not backing down OREM - For someone who lit a firecracker of controversy that has sparked across Utah Valley and Utah at large, Joe Vogel is surprisingly demure.
Opportunity rover stumbles upon rocky, maybe watery, find com. Almost by accident, NASA #39;s Mars rover Opportunity has found a rock that may point to a second water event in the red planet #39;s past.
New X Prize Sets Sights on Science, Technology and Social &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The X Prize Foundation and the World Technology Network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation and breakthroughs in a range of scientific arenas.
Stolz wins Michelin Championship LAS VEGAS (Ticker) -- In Sin City, 21 was a lucky number for Andre Stolz, who notched his first PGA Tour victory. Stolz fired a bogey-free 5-under-par 67 that including a 10-foot birdie on the 16th hole that 
Red Sox out to make history As the Red Sox embark on the American League Championship Series rematch that somehow always seemed fated to happen, they understand that their reward could go even beyond a trip to the World Series.
Will Leftwich coast on Left Coast? SAN DIEGO ---- Byron Leftwich, welcome to the Left Coast. The quarterback who leads the Jacksonville Jaguars into Sunday #39;s game at Qualcomm Stadium is no stranger to the Chargers, however.
Gallacher scores first European Tour win Stephen Gallacher won for the first time on the European tour, beating Northern Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell on the first playoff hole Sunday at the Dunhill Links Championship.
Lions hand Falcons first loss Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - Joey Harrington threw for a touchdown and Artose Pinner ran for another score, as the Detroit Lions handed Atlanta its first loss of the season with a 17-10 victory over the Falcons at the Georgia Dome.
Brees throws two touchdown passes to lead Chargers past Jaguars 34 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wearing their powder-blue throwback jerseys and white helmets from the 1960s, the Chargers did almost everything right in beating the Jacksonville Jaguars 34-21 on Sunday.
NFL Game Preview The Indianapolis Colts will be in search of their fourth consecutive win on Sunday, when Tony Dungy #39;s crew welcomes the Oakland Raiders to the RCA Dome.
Populist Labor Party leads Lithuania vote Lithuanians casting ballots in parliamentary elections Sunday rejected the current ruling coalition for the opposition Labor Party, a sign that many voters liked its promises of lower taxes and higher pay.
Oxfam raps rich nations over aid Wealthy countries need to do much more to fight global poverty, the international aid agency Oxfam says.
Bucs Use All They Have For Win The rebirth of Brian Griese couldnt have come at a better time for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Griese, the second-string quarterback on game-day was called in to relieve an injured Chris Simms in the first-quarter.
Dollar Steadies After Fall on Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. dollar steadied against the\yen and euro on Monday after suffering sharp losses on\weaker-than expected job growth figures that raised questions\about the need for further U.S. rate rises this year.
Canadian defense minister travels to Britain over crippled sub affair (AFP) AFP - Canadian Defense Minister Bill Graham will be in Britain Monday, one day after the British-built Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi was towed to port in Scotland after it was crippled five days earlier by an electrical fire off the coast of Ireland.
Injury forces Mauresmo to forfeit final, Soderling win in Lyon FILDERSTADT (Germany): American Lindsay Davenport won the Filderstadt Grand Prix yesterday after world number one Amelie Mauresmo retired injured after the first set.
San Francisco 49ers SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- Tim Rattay authored a much-needed fourth quarter comeback for the San Francisco 49ers. Rattay accounted for 16 points in the last 4:36 of regulation, and directed a drive that led 
Dodgers Lead Cardinals 1-0 After One Los Angeles Dodgers #39; Shawn Green watches his home run in the sixth inning against the St. Louis Cardinals Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004, in Los Angeles.
Rumsfeld gives US troops timetable in Iraq US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld didn #39;t bring much good news to a group of Marines in Iraq. He warned Sunday during a town-hall meeting in at an airbase in the country #39;s west that violence may well 
Asia welcomes bon ami Chirac French President Jacques Chirac, on a state visit to China, launch the  quot;Year of France in China quot; yesterday in Beijing. He arrived in China from Singapore where he stopped over on his trip, dubbed his continuing  quot;30-year liaison with Asia.
Americans Win Video Game Gold Medal (AP) AP - Amid fanfare fit for actual world-class athletes, five Americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal Sunday in the popular "Counter Strike" competition of the World Cyber Games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite.
Mount St. Helens Shoots Out More Steam (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens vented a new column of steam Sunday, a lazy plume that rose out of the crater of the snow-dusted volcano.
Scientists Find Deadly Component of 1918 Flu Virus (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists who synthesized two genes\from the virus that caused the 1918 Spanish influenza pandemic\said Thursday they have a found new clues about what made it so\deadly.
Australian PM hints he will not be around for another election (AFP) AFP - Australia's re-elected Prime Minister John Howard has hinted he might step aside during his fourth term in office following his latest election win.
Australia PM Gets Down to Work on Fourth Term (Reuters) Reuters - Australia's conservative Prime Minister\John Howard, handed the most powerful mandate in a generation,\got down to work on Monday with reform of telecommunications,\labor and media laws high on his agenda.
Lighter-Hit Fla. Areas Get More From FEMA MIAMI - Local officials agree that hurricane damage to Miami-Dade County this year was light, but the Federal Emergency Management Agency has approved more than \$20 million in residents' requests for aid.    Four hurricanes hit Florida in the summer, with Frances and Jeanne toppling some trees and causing some isolated power outages...
Car Bombs Kill 11 As Rumsfeld Visits Iraq AL ASAD AIR BASE, Iraq - The United States may be able to reduce its troop levels in Iraq after the January elections if security is strengthened and Iraqi government forces continue to expand and improve, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Sunday...
Mind the gap - time is running out Increased life expectancy, higher taxes, falling investment returns and Government tinkering have all contributed to the mess our pensions system is in today.
Niners LB Peterson Tears Achilles' Tendon (Reuters) Reuters - San Francisco linebacker\Julian Peterson left Sunday's game against Arizona late in the\first quarter with a torn left Achilles' tendon.
Baseball: Smoltz sizzles as Braves force deciding game HOUSTON, United States : JD Drew singled to drive in a run in the top of the ninth inning and lift the Atlanta Braves to a 6-5 win over Houston and force the Astros into a fifth and deciding game.
Stolz hits title jackpot in Las Vegas Andre Stolz of Australia celebrates after winning the Michelin Championship in Las Vegas. Photo: AP. Struggling Australian rookie Andre Stolz secured his future on the US PGA Tour with a surprise victory in 
Yankees could be without Rivera early in ALCS New York, NY (Sports Network) - New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera is reportedly dealing with a personal issue that could affect his availability early in the American League Championship Series against the Boston Red Sox, which begins Tuesday in the 
Rossi takes imperative victory at Sepang Motorsport.com. Valentino Rossi took his seventh victory of the season by masterfully winning today #39;s Malaysian GP at the Sepang circuit.
Golf Capsules Andre Stolz played like a veteran instead of a struggling rookie when it counted most Sunday, shooting a 5-under 67 to win the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas by a shot over Tom Lehman and two others.
Yankees Could Be Without Rivera Early in ALCS (Reuters) Reuters - New York Yankees closer Mariano\Rivera is reportedly dealing with a personal issue that could\affect his availability early in the American League\Championship Series against the Boston Red Sox, which begins\Tuesday in the Bronx.
Niners LB Peterson Tears Achilles' Tendon  SAN FRANCISCO (Sports Network) - San Francisco linebacker  Julian Peterson left Sunday's game against Arizona late in the  first quarter with a torn left Achilles' tendon.
The Relentless Patriots Reach a Magic Number The Patriots set the N.F.L.'s unofficial record for consecutive victories at 19 (counting playoff games) with another grind-it-out performance.
UPDATE: NZ Vector To Buy NGC Stake For NZ\$877M, Eyes IPO WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand #39;s biggest electricity lines network company, Vector Ltd., will launch a NZ\$1.33 billion takeover bid for NGC Holdings Ltd.
High oil prices baffle US economy: treasury chief US Treasury Secretary John W. Snow yesterday said record-high oil prices baffle the development of US economy.  quot;It #39;s creating headwinds for the otherwise very strong economy, quot; Snow told CNN #39;s  quot;Late Edition 
State of economy depends on point of view The economy is a political Rorschach test, and Richard McHugh and Claude Carpenter present two of its competing interpretations. McHugh #39;s company in this western Wisconsin city shows an economy on the rebound.
Space trailblazer Max Faget dies The designer of the Mercury space capsules that took the first Americans into orbit has died at age 83, NASA announced Sunday. Maxime Faget led the space agency #39;s engineering and development branch 
Playoff Capsules Adam LaRoche hit a tying, three-run homer in the sixth inning and JD Drew singled home the go-ahead run in the ninth to give the Atlanta Braves a 6-5 victory Sunday that tied their best-of-five NL series against the Houston Astros at two games apiece.
Taiwanese president tries to restart peace talks The president of Taiwan, Chen Shui-bian, attempted to restart peace talks with Beijing yesterday, calling for an arms control agreement and a new code of conduct to dispel the  quot;dark forces quot; threatening cross-strait relations.
Kerry Courts Black Voters at Church Stops (AP) AP - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty.
Carroll leads Aussie swim charge By the AAP. Olympic finalist Lara Carroll is the fastest qualifier for the 200 metres individual medley final on day four of the world short course swimming championships at Indianapolis.
Lampard strikes as England cruise past Wales MANCHESTER: A stunning goal by captain David Beckham guided England to a convincing 2-0 victory over Wales in their World Cup qualifier at his former Old Trafford home yesterday.
Patriots set unofficial record with win CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The New England Patriots became the first team in NFL history to win 19 straight regular and postseason games, defeating the beleaguered Miami Dolphins 24-10 on Sunday.
Yankees Could Be Without Rivera Early In ALCS New York, NY -- New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera is reportedly dealing with a personal issue that could affect his availability early in the American League Championship Series against the Boston Red Sox, which begins Tuesday in the Bronx.
Lions improve to 2-0 on the road After going three years without a road victory, the Lions made it two in a row Sunday with a 17-10 victory over Vick and the previously unbeaten Atlanta Falcons.
Quarter-by-quarter updates The Cardinals, however, were driving as the quarter ended with a first down at the 49ers 16. On the last play of the quarter, tookie Larry Fitzgerald made a great leaping catch for a 24-yard gain.
Egyptian group suspected over Taba bombings Egyptian security forces investigating the resort bombings that killed at least 33 people were concentrating their hunt yesterday on a group of previously unknown Egyptian militants.
Car bombs strike in Baghdad, killing 11; Rumsfeld warns violence &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Car bombers struck twice in rapid succession in the capital Sunday, killing at least 11 people including an American soldier, as US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld warned that violence may increase before the January election.
Militants still hold Chinese hostages Islamic militants are still holding two Chinese engineers they kidnapped in Pakistan and have threatened to kill them if attacked by security forces, a member of a team seeking the captives #39; release said on Sunday.
UN peacekeepers wounded in Haiti violence GONAIVES, Haiti - Two United Nations peacekeepers were wounded in shootouts with supporters of Haiti #39;s ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide in the capital and storm survivors in flood-ravaged Gonaives, officials said today.
Iraq rebels set to surrender arms Shia militias in Baghdad should start handing in weapons on Monday, under a deal with the Iraqi government.
Backup Voting System Woes May Loom Anew WASHINGTON - Call it the law of unintended consequences. A new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing Election Day problems as infamous as Florida's hanging chads...
Brady and Pats do enough to win The Patriots #39; list of inactives for Sunday #39;s game resembled their wide receiver depth chart. Deion Branch, Troy Brown, Bethel Johnson - all out against the Dolphins, who had the league #39;s best pass defense coming in.
F amp;P Appliances Buys Dynamic Cooking for \$33 Mln (Correct) Fisher  amp; Paykel Appliances Holdings Ltd., New Zealand #39;s biggest home appliances maker, agreed to buy Dynamic Cooking Systems Inc.
It #39;s still the economy, stupid According to the polls, the presidential election is now a toss-up. However, there is one historical  quot;iron law quot; that hangs heavy over President George W. Bush #39;s re-election.
Nuclear Plant in New Jersey Draws Censure Experts have identified an array of problems at the Salem nuclear power station, one of the country's largest.
Huge and Proud of It New Enterprise Associates is the biggest stand-alone venture capital operation in the world, and industry critics say the company's girth is a handicap.
Security: End users are your first line of defense My column is dedicated to training and education issues for IT professionals but how much do we think about training for end users, particularly educating users to be security-aware?
Stolz turns it around at Michelin Championship Last week Andre Stolz was considering coming back to Australia from the US early. He was frustrated with his progress, or rather lack of it, in 2004 and with little likelihood of a start at next week #39;s event 
Schumacher wins Japanese Grand Prix: Sports India: Tokyo, Oct 10 : Michael Schumacher on his Ferrari breezed to a sixth victory of the Japanese Grand Prix in Suzuka Sunday.
Five Keys to the Game 1. Score early, score often and keep the pressure on. The Rams need to strike early against the Seahawks for many reasons. The crowd will be raucous and an early lead for St.
Nelson tops Irwin for playoff win Spring, TX (Sports Network) - Larry Nelson fired an eight-under 64 Sunday and birdied the first playoff hole to win the inaugural Adminstaff Small Business Classic.
Labor Party leads in early results of Lithuania #39;s elections The central electoral committee of Lithuania said Sunday early results showed that opposition Labor Party held a wide lead over the center-left coalition government in the parliamentary elections.
Family Tragedy Sends Rivera Home to Panama Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera traveled Sunday to his home in Panama, where two members of his wife's family died in an electrical accident on Saturday.
Dollar Steadies After Fall on Jobs  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar settled near its lows  against the yen and euro on Monday after suffering sharp losses  on weaker-than expected job growth figures that raised  questions about the need for further U.S. rate rises this year.
Playing at the Top of Their Games Many area executives are advocating competitive sports as a tool for networking, relieving stress, and improving job performance.
New Scrutiny of the Flow of Iraqi Oil to American Consumers Almost until the eve of the invasion of Iraq in March 2003, U.S. oil companies, including ExxonMobil and ChevronTexaco, were among the largest purchasers of Iraqi crude oil.
A Senator's Outrage Delays Passage of Corporate Tax Bill The Senate cleared a path for a bill to hand out about \$140 billion in corporate tax breaks, but it was blocked from a final vote by a fight over a provision aimed at helping reserve soldiers on active duty in Iraq.
Cellphone Industry Hits Snag as It Woos Untapped Market Having equipped most adults and half of all teenagers with cellphones, the mobile phone industry is turning its attention to the last untapped demographic - people over 65.
For \$600 a Week, Screen-Side Seats to Lawsuit Involving Disney A Delaware court next Monday will begin considering the shareholder lawsuit over the \$140 million severance that Walt Disney paid its former president Michael S. Ovitz.
Saudis vow to keep spare capacity Top world oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed on Sunday to maintain a cushion of spare supplies of up to 2 million barrels per day (bpd) to meet future demand growth.
Singapore #39;s economy grows by 7.7 percent in third quarter SINGAPORE: Singapore #39;s economy slowed in the third quarter but still recorded growth of 7.7 percent year-on-year. After posting its fastest quarterly expansion in 10 years in the three months to June, a slowdown 
US Files Suit Against Alleged  quot;Spyware quot; Distributor Officials in the US are cracking down on an alleged distributor of Internet  quot;Spyware. quot; In the first suit of its kind, the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) claims Seismic Entertainment and SmartBot, secretly installs programs on a users #39; computer without 
X Prize group plans new series of contests The group that awarded US\$10 million this week to the winner of an outer-space travel contest is gearing up to offer cash prizes for technology breakthroughs in medicine, computer science, transportation and a number of other arenas.
Nallen rolls to record win Chandler, AZ (Sports Network) - Chris Nallen closed with a one-under 71 on Sunday, but it was more than enough to win the Gila River Golf Classic.
Australian PM hints he will not be around for another election SYDNEY: Australia #39;s re-elected Prime Minister John Howard has hinted he might step aside during his fourth term in office following his latest election win.
Nigerian authorities release top labour leader, but fuel strike &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The chief of Nigeria #39;s main labour organization vowed that a four-day countrywide strike to protest fuel price hikes will go ahead Monday as planned, and accused President Olusegun Obasanjo of shunning dialogue to resolve union 
High oil prices baffle US economy US Treasury Secretary John W. Snow on Sunday said record-high oil prices baffle the development of US economy.  quot;It #39;s creating headwinds for the otherwise very strong economy 
China Force #39;s HK IPO Retail Tranche 29.6 Times Covered HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Force Oil  amp; Grains Industrial Holdings Ltd. (1194.HK) said Monday the retail tranche of its initial public offering was 29.
NASA engineer Faget dead at 83 Faget designed the original spacecraft for Project Mercury and played a role in the design of every US human spacecraft from Mercury to the space shuttle.
Kenneth Bigley #39;s final TV plea THE Iraqi militants who murdered Kenneth Bigley delivered a final affront to his memory yesterday, when they released a videotape of him appealing to the Prime Minister for help moments before he was decapitated.
Former Bush adviser returns to cybersecurity WASHINGTON - Howard Schmidt, a highly regarded technology executive who was former special adviser to US President George W. Bush for cybersecurity, is returning to work with the Homeland Security Department on efforts to protect the nation #39;s computer 
NASA Spirit Rover Panorama of Columbia Hills This stunning image mosaic of the  quot;Columbia Hills quot; is the first 360-degree panorama taken since the Mars Exploration Rover Spirit arrived at the hills over a month ago.
Gallacher savours maiden victory STEPHEN Gallacher won a European Tour event at the 188th attempt yesterday. The talented Scot, who turned professional nine years past, birdied the first extra hole of a sudden death play-off at the Old Course 
Barrichello wrecks Coulthard #39;s hopes DAVID Coulthard took his early retirement from the Japanese Grand Prix on the chin despite missing out on his best result of the season, as Michael Schumacher collected a record 13th victory of the 2004 campaign.
Howard says Iraq troop commitment stays SYDNEY - Prime Minister John Howard said on Monday that national security and keeping Australia #39;s booming economy strong would be the priorities of his fourth term, and that he had no plans for major changes in the number of troops Australia has in Iraq.
Russia opposes referral of Iran to UN Security Council Russia says it opposes a US proffer to refer Iran #39;s nuclear case to the UN Security Council. Visiting Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov made the remarks in Tehran at a 
Harry  #39;Cheat #39; Claim Teacher #39;s Tribunal Opens A teacher at the centre of a storm over claims that Prince Harry cheated in A level coursework is due to take his former school to a tribunal today.
Dollar Steadies After Fall on Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. dollar settled near its lows\against the yen and euro on Monday after suffering sharp losses\on weaker-than expected job growth figures that raised\questions about the need for further U.S. rate rises this year.
Asian Shares Track Wall Street Losses (Reuters) Reuters - Asian stocks slid on Monday on gloomy\U.S. jobs data, bleak earnings prospects at tech firms and high\oil prices, while the Australian dollar hit a six-month peak\after the coalition government was swept back to power.
Australia's Westfield, Multiplex join in new offer for Britain's Chelsfield (AFP) AFP - Australian shopping center giant Westfield is teaming up with property group Multiplex and Aldersgate Investments to make a cash offer for Duelguide, the company which owns British developer Chelsfield.
Lighter-Hit Fla. Area Gets  #36;21.5 From FEMA (AP) AP - Local officials agree that hurricane damage to Miami-Dade County this year was light, but the Federal Emergency Management Agency has approved more than  #36;20 million in residents' requests for aid.
American Deserters Find a Mixed Reception in Canada Despite Canada's opposition to the Iraq war, the government also is opposing the U.S. deserters' refugee applications, saying the soldiers are not persecuted. It is resisting the argument that the Iraq war is illegal.
Venezuela Raises Taxes on Orinoco Deals &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Pascal Fletcher&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela on Sunday slappedhigher taxes on foreign oil companies operating in its hugeOrinoco heavy crude belt in what President Hugo Chavez called adrive to tighten sovereign control over petroleum resources.&lt;/p&gt;
Senate moves forward with corporate tax cuts After a day-long attempt to delay action, the Senate moved forward Sunday with debate on a \$136 billion corporate tax cut package.
Millions Must Work Longer to Pay for Pensions Blackhole Millions must work longer or save harder to pay for the pensions blackhole detailed in an official study published tomorrow. At 57 billion the annual savings 
NASA spacecraft design pioneer Faget dies HOUSTON -- Maxime A. Faget, a pioneering NASA engineer who designed the original spacecraft for Project Mercury and whose work helped create every human spacecraft the agency has launched since, has died.
Stolz strikes it rich with first victory in Las Vegas AUSTRALIAS Andre Stolz last night edged past Tom Lehman, Tag Ridings and Harrison Frazar to win his first career title on the PGA Tour.
Guinea-Bissau standoff ends as soldiers sign deal Soldiers who staged a mutiny last week in Guinea-Bissau have agreed to return to their barracks after striking a deal with the government to end a five-day standoff in the West African country.
Shi #39;ite militia asked to surrender weapons The Iraqi government has given Shi #39;ite militiamen five days to hand in weapons under a weekend peace agreement. National Security Adviser Kassim Daoud said the Iraqi interim government will commit more than 
Saudi Arabia, Gulf States to boost output Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, which account for almost half of OPEC #39;s oil output, said they #39;re committed to boosting capacity to meet soaring demand that has driven prices to a record.
Venezuela raises tax on foreign oil companies Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced that his country began on Sunday to levy 16.6 percent of taxes on foreign companies which are extracting crudes from the Orinoco oil field.
Lehman leads at Michelin Championship Tom Lehman takes a one-stroke lead in to Sunday #39;s final round at the \$4 million Michelin Championship. Lehman, Dicky Pride, Andre Stolz and Greg Chalmers - each of whom 
Hello, Neumann: It #39;s Been Six Years Neumann, the 1988 US Women #39;s Open champion, had come into the week with few expectations. Even her name on caddie Mark Scott #39;s vest was incorrectly spelled,  quot;Newmann.
Comeback for ages provides win to savor Everything fell apart for the 49ers on Sunday. And then they put it back together again. Well on their desultory way to securing status as the very worst team in the NFL, the Niners instead climbed suddenly from the abyss with an incredible comeback.
Jets not stylish, but look pretty enough at 4-0 as Pats loom EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- On an afternoon when the New England Patriots set an NFL record with their 19th straight win, the New York Jets tied a franchise mark with their fourth straight victory to open the season.
Eleven killed in car bombs as Rumsfeld visits troops in Iraq Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession yesterday, killing at least 11 people, including a US soldier, and wounding 16, US and Iraqi officials said.
Burger mouthful goes for record SPURRED on by shouts of  quot;shove it in, shove it in quot;, 19-year-old Don Ezra Nicholas stuffed more than three McDonald #39;s hamburgers into his mouth - without swallowing - and claimed a new global record at the close of Singapore #39;s contest to be the world #39;s 
Ravens Beat Redskins 17-10 on Big Plays (AP) AP - With both offenses going nowhere, all the Baltimore Ravens needed was a few big plays by safety Ed Reed. Reed scored a touchdown on a safety blitz, stopped Clinton Portis on a third-and-1 and sprung B.J. Sams for a 78-yard punt return, all in a 2 1/2-minute span in the third quarter. The Ravens scored 14 points without their struggling offense taking the field and that was more than enough to rally from a 10-0 halftime deficit in Sunday night's 17-10 victory over the punchless Washington Redskins.
Patriots Finally Acknowledge the Streak (AP) AP - With less than a minute left in their NFL record 19th straight victory Sunday, the New England Patriots finally acknowledged the streak by dousing coach Bill Belichick.
Heat Loses to Rockets but Shaq Dominates (AP) AP - New uniform, same Shaq. It took Shaquille O'Neal a mere 22 minutes to show how several NBA norms remain the same despite his recent change of address. Specifically, he can still dominate Yao Ming and Dikembe Mutombo, and his touch around the basket is as good as his foul shooting is poor.
Phone line alchemy: Copper into fiber KELLER, Texas--Rick Montey and his two-worker crew want to present a new image of the local phone company: prompt, friendly and hands-on helpful.
Max Faget: Master Builder One day last November in Houston, three men met for lunch. Two of them -- Russian cosmonauts in training for an upcoming joint US-Russian space mission -- had never met the third, a slightly built American gentleman in his seventies.
Sports: Cardinals 6 Dodgers 2 (Cardinals win series 3-1) LOS ANGELES The St. Louis Cardinals are back in the National League Championship Series for the third time in five seasons. Albert Pujols (POO #39;-hohlz) drove in the last four runs and the Cards advanced by 
Peterson lost for season with torn Achilles #39; tendon Julian Peterson, the 49ers #39; All-Pro linebacker, will miss the rest of the season after tearing his left Achilles #39; tendon late in the first quarter of San Francisco #39;s win over Arizona on Sunday.
Nigeria general strike to proceed Lagos - Nigeria #39;s main umbrella union would go ahead with a general strike today amid confusion over the whereabouts of its leader following his detention by security agents, the blue-collar Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) said yesterday.
Ageing Saab aircraft replaced by Dash-8s Seventeen De Havilland Dash-8 Q300 turbo-prop aircraft will take over from the Saab 340A planes which currently form the backbone of the airline #39;s provincial network.
War crimes suspect surrenders to Serbs One of the men most wanted for war crimes committed during the Bosnia war has surrendered to the Serbian authorities. Ljubisa Beara was indicted two years ago for alleged war crimes committed in the town of 
Labour Party leads Lithuanian parliament election Moscow, Oct 11 (VNA) - Initial results show that the opposition Labour Party led by Viktor Uspaskich appeared to grab the most seats in Lithuania #39;s 141-member parliament in the general election held on Sunday.
Bomb at Pakistan Shiite Mosque Kills Four (AP) AP - A suicide bombing at a Shiite mosque Sunday in this eastern city killed four people, including two security guards who lost their lives confronting the attacker and preventing a far greater number of deaths.
Retired Gen. Franks Criticizes Kerry (AP) AP - Retired Gen. Tommy Franks launched a four-state campaign swing for President Bush by criticizing Sen. John Kerry's anti-Vietnam War activities and voting record on the military.
Nigeria fuel price strike starts A four-day general strike begins against fuel price rises in Nigeria, Africa's biggest oil producer.
Cardinals Top Dodgers 6-2 to Win NL Series LOS ANGELES - Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals sure looked like the best team in baseball...
Britons May Need to Work Longer for Retirement, Minister Says Britons may need to delay retirement to make up for a lack of pension savings, Work and Pensions Secretary Alan Johnson wrote in today #39;s Observer newspaper.
Fannie Mae Salaries Rile Hill During a packed hearing on Fannie Mae #39;s accounting practices last week, Rep. Richard H. Baker (R-La.), a leading critic of the District-based mortgage finance company, displayed a poster 
Bush vs. Kerry: President Bush plans to continue improving the economy if he wins the 2004 election through his reforms and six-point plan. For all the families in the United States who have lost loved ones 
Porn site reports net Chinese reward CHINA #39;S police ministry has handed out rewards of up to 2000 yaun (\$330) to people who reported pornographic web sites. Some 445 people have been arrested and 1,125 web sites shut down with the help of public 
SCHUMACHER MAKES ANOTHER MARK ON HISTORY Michael Schumacher hopes he will go down in history as the only Formula One driver to have claimed a pole position and race win on the same day.
Cardinals Win Playoff Series, Braves Force Game 5 (Update2) Albert Pujols hit a tie-breaking three-run home run as the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-2 to reach the National League Championship Series for the second time in three years.
Chen calls for cross-strait dialogue Extending an olive branch to China, President Chen Shui-bian () used his National Day address yesterday to call for the reopening of cross-strait talks on the basis of the September 1992 meeting in Hong Kong between unofficial representatives of 
Strike, clashes dog Dhaka Police armed with batons broke up an anti-government protest march in Dhaka yesterday, injuring more than 30 demonstrators and arresting at least 100, police said.
Phone Line Alchemy: Copper Into Fiber Verizon and the other Bell companies are offering a service to replace copper wire technology with high-speed fiber optic lines in an effort to hold on to customers.
Custom Software for Corporations While PeopleSoft continues to fend off Oracles takeover bid, a subplot is unfolding in the world of corporate software.
Microsofts Latest Plan for TV Microsoft is set to announce a renewed assault in his war of the tube, one that builds on the companys greatest strength: Windows.
F.C.C.'s Chief Turns Into Pitchman for Converting Nation to Digital TV Michael K. Powell, the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, has been at the forefront of efforts to get consumers to buy high-definition TVs.
Inkjets Shrink, and Hewlett Sees Many New Uses Hewlett-Packard plans to use inkjet printing to enter a range of new markets, such as television and computer displays, printed electronic circuits, and automotive fuel-injection systems.
Studio Wars Honed Skills Used to Nab Radio Star During his career as a merger-and-acquisitions lawyer and independent-film executive, Scott Greenstein, has often bet big.
Orb Unveils New Service for Digital Media (AP) AP - In a move sure to raise the eyebrows of Hollywood and its partners, a California startup will unveil a service Monday that allows subscribers to remotely access their digital media files  #151; even watch live television  #151; from any gadget with an Internet connection.
Golf: Gallacher scales Dunhill Scotland's Stephen Gallacher wins his first title via a play-off in the Dunhill Links Championship  at St Andrews.
Opec vows to open the taps to cool down runaway oil prices Kuwait would back a hike of 1 million barrels per day (bpd) in Opec #39;s oil output ceiling if crude prices remained at record levels, it said yesterday in a move 
Fisher Paykel strategic buy FISHER  amp; Paykel Appliance Holdings will further expand in the United States, after today announcing the acquisition of US stove and BBQ maker Dynamic Cooking Systems Inc (DCS) for a total of \$NZ83.
What Dell Needs: A Jazzier DJ Its attempt to unseat Apple #39;s iPod is falling way short, so a spiffy new player would help this holiday season. Will Dell have one?
Yahoo! Aims to Get Personal Just days after Yahoo! (YHOO ) launched the biggest makeover of its Web site in two years, one of its founders has said that #39;s only the beginning.
Brady Helps Patriots Win Record 19th Straight (Reuters) Reuters - Tom Brady threw two touchdown passes\to help the New England Patriots set a record for consecutive\victories by downing the winless Miami Dolphins 24-10 in\Foxboro Sunday.
Warriors Beat Kings in Preseason Opener (AP) AP - Mike Dunleavy scored 17 points and the Golden State Warriors opened the preseason for new coach Mike Montgomery with a 97-79 win over the Sacramento Kings on Sunday night.
Pats streak past Miami for record win It was just a week ago that Miami Dolphins tight end Randy McMichael seemed beside himself after another loss in which his team turned the ball over, made costly penalties and couldn 
Strike over rising fuel prices in Nigeria A four-day general strike over rising fuel prices has begun in Nigeria, Africa #39;s largest oil producer. The largest trade union grouping in the country, the Nigerian Labour Congress, said more strikes will 
Four killed in bombing at mosque in Pakistan A suicide bombing at a Shiite mosque yesterday in this eastern city killed four people, including two security guards who lost their lives confronting the attacker and preventing a far greater number of deaths.
Pujols Hits Three-Run Homer for Cardinals  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Albert Pujols cracked a three-run  homer and notched four RBI to earn the St Louis Cardinals a  place in the National League Championship Series with a 6-2  victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers Sunday.
Brady Helps Patriots Win Record 19th Straight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tom Brady threw two touchdown passes  to help the New England Patriots set a record for consecutive  victories by downing the winless Miami Dolphins 24-10 in  Foxboro Sunday.
With Precision and Power, Cardinals Stop the Dodgers St. Louis advanced to the N.L. championship series for the third time in five years, beating the Los Angeles Dodgers, 6-2, Sunday night.
Cardinals Take Series Jeff Suppan pitches seven strong innings and Albert Pujols drives in four runs to eliminate the Dodgers from the postseason with a 6-2 win on Sunday.
Microsofts Latest Plan for TV TELEVISION has been something of a great white whale for the Microsoft Corporation. The company has tried to sell WebTV and build software for TV #39;s and cable boxes.
SANS Top 20 unveiled CIOs and security executives are desperately playing catch-up with unauthorized users of IM and P2P clients, who are sharing music files and videos on company time, and with company resources.
Dolphins off to worst start since first season FOXBORO, Mass.  The New England Patriots claimed a place in NFL history Sunday while the Dolphins continued on their march toward NFL infamy.
Davenport #39;s default title AMERICAN Lindsay Davenport won the Filderstadt Grand Prix in Germany yesterday after world No1 Amelie Mauresmo retired injured at the end of the first set.
Novak clinches AIG title Fifth seed Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic beat seventh seeded American Taylor Dent in three sets to win the Japan Open in Tokyo on Sunday.
Rivera Relatives Die in Accident at Pitcher #39;s Panama Pool NEW YORK - Two relatives of Mariano Rivera were killed in an electrified swimming pool at his Panama mansion - dealing the ace reliever a double tragedy on the eve of the Yankees #39; playoff series against the Boston Red Sox.
China rejects Chen #39;s  #39;insincere #39; call for peace SHANGHAI - China #39;s state-controlled media on Monday rejected the Taiwanese President #39;s National Day call for peace talks with Beijing, saying it was  #39;too insincere and vague to be treated seriously #39;.
 quot;Good relations quot; established with new Indian Govt: Zia : World News  gt; Dhaka, Oct 10 : Bangladesh Prime Minister Khaleda Zia today said her country has established  quot;good relations quot; with India after the change of power in New Delhi and hoped all bilateral problems would be resolved.
Kuwaitis, Saudis pledge oil help Two OPEC members are pledging to increase supply or boost reserves as oil prices spiral higher, according to media reports Sunday.
NZ stocks: Corporate news buoys sharemarket The was plenty of news but not much in the way of price movements on the sharemarket today. The benchmark NZSX-50 gross index was up 6.50 points to 2861.
Palm school signs \$500,000 contract with Coke, continuing trend of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It #39;s the real thing: \$500,000 for William T. Dwyer High School during the next seven years. Administrators just finished negotiating a new contract with Coca-Cola, which will have exclusive 
JP Morgan in deal with Cazenove NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The board of UK investment bank Cazenove has approved a plan in which JP Morgan Chase will buy a 50 percent stake in the firm for \$180 million, according to a media report Sunday.
Westfield, Multiplex target Duelguide The Westfield Group, Multiplex group and Aldersgate Investments Ltd have entered an agreement to pursue a joint cash offer for Duelguide plc, the company which owns UK developer Chelsfield plc.
Pioneering NASA Engineer Max Faget Dead at 83 Pioneering NASA engineer Maxime Faget, who designed the Project Mercury capsule that carried the first US astronauts into space and worked on every subsequent manned spacecraft including the space shuttle, has died at the age of 83 
Google Print: The Next Big Thing NEW YORK - Yesterday, Howard Stern--who loudly claims to dominate media, but has rarely, if ever, added one iota to the sum of human knowledge--made waves by announcing he will move his act to another medium.
Gates preps to pitch  #39;XP Reloaded Nearly three years have passed since Microsoft Corp. released the last full version of Windows, the Redmond company #39;s most important and profitable product.
Cavaliers move up to No. 6 in football polls Entering a road contest on Saturday against defending ACC champion Florida State, the Cavaliers are ranked in the top 10 in the country in seven different categories.
Rams refused to give up Yesterday afternoon at Qwest Field, the Rams took a pin-it-to-the-wall word and brought it to life as they erased a 17-point deficit in less than nine minutes to beat the Seahawks 33-27 in overtime.
Ex-NL star Caminiti dead at 41 Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died Sunday. He was 41.
Rivera tends to tragedy: Two relatives die at his Panama estate New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera jetted to Panama yesterday to grieve for two beloved relatives electrocuted in a freak accident at his estate during the weekend.
US sees upsurge in Iraqi violence Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visits Baghdad, says troop levels must stay high until things improve. BAGHDAD, Iraq - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told Marines in Iraq on Sunday that he expects more 
Canadian Navy say stricken sub was seaworthy The Canadian Navy says it is absolutely convinced the submarine Chicoutimi was seaworthy when they took possession of it. It comes as they prepare to give further details of the devastating fire which crippled the vessel.
Opposition strike hits Dhaka: World News: Dhaka, Oct 10 : Shops were shut in Bangladesh as most vehicles stayed off the roads in a daylong strike called by opposition parties to demand the resignation of the government.
Singapore #39;s Growth Slows in Third Quarter Singapore #39;s economic growth slowed to 7.7 percent in the third quarter after a 12.5 percent rise in the previous three months, as its central bank said it would keep a tight rein on monetary policy to support growth amid rising oil prices.
Blair moves from welfare state to opportunity society Tony Blair will today set out plans for radical reform of the welfare state ahead of a highly critical report on the Government #39;s record on pensions.
Westfield, Multiplex in joint UK bid The Westfield Group, Multiplex group and Aldersgate Investments have agreed to a joint cash bid for Duelguide, the company that owns UK developer Chelsfield.
ETF INVESTING BOSTON (CBS.MW) - The Vanguard Group #39;s full-scale entry into the exchange-traded fund business has been viewed as a departure from its conservative roots.
Nine Russians missing, at least one dead after Egypt blasts: Russian consul (AFP) AFP - Nine Russians are still missing following the deadly car bomb attacks on tourist resorts along the Egyptian-Israeli border which left 33 people dead last week, including at least one Russian national, Russia's consul in Egypt said.
Stephen Dunn/Getty Images or, more accurately, the starter -- the Dodgers were in deep trouble in this one. Manager Jim Tracy made an early move to get his starting pitcher, Odalis Perez, out 
Redskins Are Dealt Another Blow Defensive back Deion Sanders intercepted his first pass in four years, yukking it up all the while with linebacker Ray Lewis and the reinvigorated Baltimore Ravens.
Jets: Clearly, Chrebet is happy The biggest fear for veteran flanker Wayne Chrebet in his battle to overcome the concussion he suffered last November was not that the next hit could end it all.
Australian PM sets out priorities Australian PM John Howard says he will focus on national security and the economy during his fourth term.
Der Spiegel Family Sees a Threat in Growing Corporate Control The sons of the founder of Der Spiegel are opposing minority owner Gruner  Jahr, saying that it threatens the venerable magazines editorial independence.
In Texas Case Linked to DeLay, Prosecutor Welcomes Spotlight A Texas prosecutor is in the spotlight as he pursues a case with ties to one of the country's most powerful Republicans, Tom DeLay.
Jets remain unbeaten The New York Jets are 4-0 for the second time in their 45-year history, but they know that the road ahead is bound to be more difficult to travel.
MLB: St. Louis 6, Los Angeels 2 The St. Louis Cardinals advanced to the National League Championship Series Sunday with a 6-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Braves win in Houston, force Game 5 Houston, TX (Sports Network) - JD Drew singled home Rafael Furcal with the go-ahead run in the top of the ninth and John Smoltz pitched out of a jam in the bottom of the inning, as the Atlanta Braves forced a decisive fifth game of the National League 
Seattle forces decisive Game 3 SEATTLE - Betty Lennox scored 27 points, and the Seattle Storm held off the Connecticut Sun, 67-65, on Sunday to force a decisive third game in the WNBA Finals.
Stolz became first-time winner on PGA Tour Australian Andre Stolz became the ninth first-time winner on the PGA Tour this year Sunday, recording a one-shot triumph at the Michelin Championship.
Lima gets do-or-die start in Game 3 Through two postseason games, the St. Louis Cardinals have shredded the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; starting pitching. Odalis Perez surrendered six runs in Game 1. Jeff Weaver was touched 
New England #39;s win streak hits 19 In a part of the country that is steeped in history, New England #39;s NFL-record, 19-game winning streak might not be recognized with the same reverence as Paul Revere #39;s midnight 
Hanson up to five gold medals Australian Brooke Hanson took her personal tally to five gold medals with two victories on the fourth day of the world short course swim championships in Indianapolis today.
Sinai bombs toll rises to 11 THE number of Israelis killed in a series of deadly bombings in Egypt #39;s Sinai peninsula rose to 11 today after four more victims were identified, including two children, Israel police said.
Multiband Wi-Fi Device Manages Voice, Video and Data (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Symbol's 'access port' will support 802.11a, b and g simultaneously.
HP, NetApp Build NAS-to-SAN Links (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - New software programs enable storage silos to connect with one another.
HP, IBM Bundles Target SMBs (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - HP is working with software makers to create bundles of their most popular small- and midsize-business applications preinstalled on HP systems, while IBM is bringing its Power 5 design to the SMB segment through its Express architecture.
DNA Crime Bill Headed to Bush for His Signature (Reuters) Reuters - DNA testing would be expanded to\better catch the guilty and clear the innocent under\legislation passed by the U.S. Congress and headed to President\Bush to sign into law.
Digital vs. analog- which is better? In the movie The Rock, the protagonist is a chemestry nerd who gleefully signs for a package as if he's a kid who's just gotten his box tops honored with a toy in the mail. He opens it- and it is an old, presumably pristine, Beatles LP.    His fellow chemist asks, "why would you pay \$600.00 for that when you can get the CD for thirty?"    "Because," the nerd says, "these sound better."    But do they, really?
Permanent Job Proves An Elusive Dream "Contingent" deals transform the nation's workforce, not only for temp workers, but also for those in traditional jobs who compete with employees receiving lower pay, few benefits.
Fannie Salaries Rile Hill Data showing that 16 executives received bonuses in 2002 that were larger than their salaries is called a mismatch with the company's lending mission.
Worried Workers At Rouse Weigh Recruiters' Offers  As soon as Rouse Co. announced it was selling itself to a Chicago-based mall owner, Chad Houck, a principal of Columbia-based employment consultant the Search Group, , and his recruiters hit the phones, calling about 40 Rouse employees.
Chirac hails China trade deals The French president hails billions of euros of business deals as a sign his Chinese trip has been a success.
Christopher Reeve, 'Superman' Star, Dies at 52 Actor Christopher Reeve became a worldwide advocate for spinal cord research after a near-fatal riding accident left him a quadriplegic.
Oil prices ease after promise by OPEC states Oil prices eased lower in Asian trade overnight as the market absorbed pieces of both good and bad news. Middle East oil ministers had said they were satisfied that world market supply of the commodity will meet demand.
Accountant claims retaliation over Fannie Mae For accountant Roger Barnes, the final straw came when he was deliberately excluded last fall from Fannie Mae #39;s preparation for a special review by federal regulators.
Owen has a point to prove warns Eriksson England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has warned Wales that Michael Owen will have a point to prove in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford.
News Items In Brief ## John Magnier and JP McManus are prepared to sell their Manchester United share to bidder Malcolm Glazer if he pays more than 300p for each, a source close to them says.
UF Killer Instinct Missing The talk around Gainesville this season hasn #39;t been bubble screens or other short passes. The concern around Gator Nation has been the lack of a killer instinct by the Gators.
Taking mound on short rest no big deal to Oswalt Roy Oswalt wasn #39;t surprised to hear the Astros were flying Sunday night through the remnants of a tropical depression that dumped several inches of rain in Louisiana and could bring showers today in Atlanta.
NFL Preview: NFL Preview The end zone could be a very lonely place when the Charm City meets the Capital City tonight. (5:30 pm, ESPN). The usually stout defense of the Baltimore Ravens has some pride to restore after a bad game in prime time.
Capsule preview: St. Louis at Seattle Seahawks: Seattle, which had last week off, dispatched the San Francisco 49ers 34-0 on Sept. 26. The shutout was the Seahawks #39; second in six seasons, and it was the first time the 49ers had been held scoreless since October of 1977.
Iraq #39;s Sadr militia to begin disarming The Iraqi government and US army expressed cautious optimism on Sunday about radical Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr #39;s deal to disarm his militia in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City.
Explosions transport terror to usually tranquil beach sites Boaz Rafaeli had read the warning that Israeli security officials issued last month against travel to Egypt #39;s Sinai Peninsula, and he didn #39;t give it a second thought.
Man breaks biscuit-eating record A SINGAPOREAN man broke the world record for eating three cream crackers in the fastest time as part of a wacky competition involving attempts at breaking 10 Guinness World Records.
Stern sleaze in space Watch out, astronauts and cosmonauts. Watch out, UFOs. Howard Stern #39;s sleazy radio show is headed into outer space. Stern shook the radio world on Oct. 5 by declaring that he will move his long-standing cavalcade 
Singapore #39;s economy posts more big growths Singapore #39;s economy has slowed in the third quarter but still recorded growth of 7.7 per cent. Singapore #39;s trade ministry says after posting its fastest quarterly expansion in 10 years to June, a slowdown 
Clayton enjoys homecoming NEW ORLEANS - Tampa Bay coach Jon Gruden may not have realized it, but he had the perfect four-leaf clover for his teams 0-4 start as it walked into the Louisiana Superdome Sunday morning.
It doesn #39;t get any better and regular readers know Im as loath to offend anyone as dogs are to smell disgusting things -d ask, Who needs the World Series?
Terrorism Must Be Fought Without Compromise, #39; Sharon Says The bomb attacks in Egypt last week that killed 32 people, 13 of them Israelis, show that the war against terrorism must be fought without compromise, everywhere, #39; #39; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.
Ken Caminiti, 41, Found Dead in the Bronx Ken Caminiti, a National League M.V.P. winner who admitted to using steroids, died Sunday. The cause was a heart attack, according to his agent.
Philippines charges six Al-Qaeda-linked militants for ferry bombing (AFP) AFP - Six Al-Qaeda-linked militants have been charged in the Philippines with the bombing of a ferry that left over 100 people dead, with the government confirming for the first time the blast was the work of terrorists.
Leader of devastated Australian Labor Party to stand again (AFP) AFP - Opposition leader Mark Latham has declared his intention to recontest the leadership of the centre-left Labor Party even as he was being blamed for its devastating defeat in the weekend election.
Mbeki Ready to Present Ivory Coast Peace Proposals South African President Thabo Mbeki said Sunday he was ready to make concrete proposals to revive a peace process in Ivory Coast after visiting the rebel-held north of the country on a mediation mission.
Cricket: Aussies still wary of India Australia captain Adam Gilchrist warns India could bounce back from defeat.
Wal-Mart Says October US Sales Rise Within 2 to 4 Forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, said US sales at stores open at least a year are rising within its forecast after four months of disappointing results.
Complete collapse SAN FRANCISCO - The next two weeks could have been all sunshine and beaches for the Cardinals as they enjoyed their week off basking in the glow of national attention attracted by a stunning success story.
Trailing by 16 points no problem for Rattay SAN FRANCISCO - Tim Rattay #39;s winless 49ers faced a 16-point deficit with five minutes left. His top two receivers were hurting, and the opposing defense had not allowed a touchdown in 13 quarters.
Rumsfeld has eye on Iraq pullout in  #39;05, with strings Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld said Sunday that the United States could begin to withdraw some troops from Iraq beginning early next year, if newly trained Iraqi security forces can shoulder more of the burden.
Nigeria fuel price strike starts Astana - London. October 11. KAZINFORM refers to BBC News - Fuel price rises have hit many Nigerians very hard. A four-day general strike over rising fuel prices has begun in Nigeria, Africa #39;s largest oil producer.
Media cheer downfall of Mugabe #39;s spin doctor The apparent demotion of Zimbabwe #39;s controversial Information Minister Jonathan Moyo in the ruling Zanu-PF party hierarchy has been greeted with cheers by the independent media who said he deserved to fall.
Vote Count in Disputed Afghan Poll Delayed  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan officials delayed counting ballots  in a historic presidential election on Monday to deal with  complaints of fraud, but several of the candidates appeared to  be pulling back from an initial decision to boycott the vote.
Climate fears on sharp CO2 rise A sharp rise in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere raises fears global warming is speeding up, reports say.
Poll: Bush Allies Face Doubts on Terrorism WASHINGTON - President Bush isn't the only world leader facing doubts about his handling of the war on terror. People in Australia, Italy and Britain also harbor reservations about how well their nation's leaders are holding terrorists at bay...
Sainsbury #39;s profits to fall again Ailing British supermarket group Sainsburys showed a further deterioration in its performance today after its third profits warning this year.
Corporate tax perks await final Senate OK WASHINGTON - A corporate tax bill that would dole out nearly \$140 billion in business breaks over the next decade is scheduled for a Senate vote today after an unexpected delay Sunday over its failure to include a tax credit for employers who keep active 
German government cuts Deutsche Telekom stake German state banking group KfW is selling up to 4 billion euros (2.8 billion pounds) worth of shares in Deutsche Telekom, continuing the privatisation of the German phone operator.
GM to build hybrid bus that will be studied in Shanghai General Motors Corp. announced today that it will build a hybrid bus in China with its partners there and study the feasibility of mass-producing those vehicles in the country.
Vote Count in Disputed Afghan Poll Delayed (Reuters) Reuters - Afghan officials delayed counting ballots\in a historic presidential election on Monday to deal with\complaints of fraud, but several of the candidates appeared to\be pulling back from an initial decision to boycott the vote.
Mac rumour site claims 60GB iPod  #39;imminent #39; Apple may plan a colour-screen 60GB iPod, capable of representing images on its screen, a leading Mac rumour Web site reports. Citing  quot;sources quot; , Think Secret reports such a product may be unveiled within  quot;30-60 days quot;.
 quot;Mega-drought quot; risk studied Researchers examining ancient tree-ring records have linked prolonged periods of epic drought in the West with warmer temperatures, suggesting that global warming could promote long-term drought in the interior West.
I won #39;t quit says defiant Coulthard A defiant David Coulthard says he has no plans to retire from Formula One after the season-ending race in Brazil. The Briton will leave McLaren after the 
Neumann, 38, gets first LPGA win in six years GOLF NORTH AUGUSTA, SC -- Liselotte Neumann won her first LPGA Tour title in six years, holding off a late charge by Grace Park for a three-stroke victory at the LPGA Asahi Ryokuken International Championship on Sunday.
Bottom line: Boston believes These Boston Red Sox aren #39;t worried about what happened in New York last year because they think they #39;re better than the team that lost to the Yankees in the 2003 American League Championship Series.
Issues for Ravens, Redskins are front and behind center LANDOVER, Md. - Earlier in the week, Ravens coach Brian Billick said Kyle Boller  quot;is going to be our quarterback for a long, long time.
Shaquille O #39;Neal scores 17 points in Heat exhibition debut Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. HOUSTON, Texas, United States of America -- Shaquille O #39;Neal collected 17 points and seven rebounds in his debut 
Storm force decider Lauren Jackson and the Seattle Storm have forced the WNBA Finals against the Connecticut Sun to a decisive game after a nail-biting 67-65 victory on Sunday.
4 Shias Killed In Pakistan Mosque Blast Lahore, Oct. 11 (NNN): At least four people, including a 13-year-old boy, has been killed in an explosion at a mosque used by Shia Muslims in Lahore.
Bombs greet Rumsfeld in Iraq Even as Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was in Iraq warning that violence could increase before the Iraqi election in January, car bombers struck 
President Bush Focusing on Western States (AP) AP - President Bush is launching a focus on Western battlegrounds with no sign that the biting rhetoric he has aimed at Democratic challenger John Kerry in recent days is as aggressive as it's going to get.
UK ID cards to be issued with first biometric passports 'Voluntary' nature of first phase now even more debatable
Home Office in frame over FBI's London server seizures Blunkett had final say on legality of request
No Laughing Matter For a franchise that drafted 7-foot-7 Gheorghe Muresan and 7-6 Manute Bol, 7-3 center Peter John Ramos isn't close to being the tallest player the Wizards have ever chosen.
Neumann Hits Mark Liselotte Neumann wins her first LPGA Tour title in six years, holding off a late charge by Grace Park for a three-stroke victory at the LPGA Asahi Ryokuken International.
Caminiti Dies at 41 Ken Caminiti, the 1996 NL MVP who later admitted using steroids, died Sunday of a heart attack.
N.Korea Says U.S. Blocking New Nuclear Talks (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea blamed the United States on\Monday for blocking six-country talks on scrapping its nuclear\programs, denying it had stalled the talks itself to await the\outcome of the U.S. presidential election.
Aid sought for storm damage Officials yesterday sought international help to rebuild villages ravaged by back-to-back storms that left 566 persons dead and 546 missing in mostly poor northern agricultural regions.
Selling a breakthrough isn't always easy What would it take to get you into a brand new prOTOF 2000 mass spectrometer today?
Piracy rule is definition of misguided If a shopkeeper tried to charge \$1,000 for a broken computer, you'd probably be outraged. You might even complain to the government.
US gas average hits \$2.02, and it's likely to rise LOS ANGELES -- Gasoline prices have climbed nearly 8 cents a gallon in the past two weeks because of record-high crude oil prices, and they are likely to continue rising, an industry analyst said yesterday.
A primer on ways to pay bills When it came to her bills, my grandmother kept it simple. Big Mama paid by only two methods: cash or a money order.
Study ties Hussein, guerrilla strategy WASHINGTON -- The ''shock and awe quot; attack that toppled Saddam Hussein in three weeks is often touted as a brilliant strategy that defeated Iraq with relatively few US casualties. But new information suggests that the United States may have played into Hussein's plans for a quick war followed by a long guerrilla insurgency.
Mosque bombed in Pakistan LAHORE, Pakistan -- A suicide bombing at a Shi'ite mosque yesterday in this eastern city killed four people, including two security guards who confronted the attacker and prevented a far greater number of deaths.
2nd UPDATE:Singapore Econ Growth Slows; MAS Holds Policy By Izham Ahmad Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES (Updates with details throughout). SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore #39;s economic growth lost steam in the third quarter, while the central bank retained a tight monetary 
The 57bn pensions black hole MILLIONS face working an extra five years and saving more for their retirement to plug a 57bn pensions black hole, a report will warn tomorrow.
Westfield Group still a favourite FRANK Lowy #39;s Westfield Group dominates the listed property trust sector by size and remains a favoured stock among brokers. After the \$27 billion merger of the three Westfield trusts earlier 
Microsoft #39;s latest offerings to get wired with TV Roger Kay wanted to watch the vice-presidential debate last week, but his family went out to dinner, so his kids weren #39;t in bed until 20 minutes after the show began.
Cardinals Win Playoff Series From Dodgers; Braves Force Game 5 A home run by Albert Pujols and another strong pitching performance on the road by Jeff Suppan moved the St. Louis Cardinals into the National League Championship Series.
Astros #39; leads slip away Houston - Forty-two years of postseason futility for his hometown team rested in the strong right hand of Roger Clemens. A 5-2 lead, Atlanta #39;s 15- game winner in the showers, a future Hall of Famer on the mound and a 19-game home win streak.
Notebook: For Peppers, it #39;s the long and short of it For a moment, Julius Peppers #39; 101-yard interception return against Denver yesterday appeared to have turned abruptly from takeaway to giveaway.
Shaq makes Heat debut Shaquille O #39;Neal scored 17 points and added seven rebounds on his debut for Miami, an 85-75 exhibition loss to Houston. The former LA Lakers star said he was  quot;in cruise mode quot; during the game, but attracted compliments from his rivals.
Australia: Howard government returned, courtesy of Labor The Liberal-National Party coalition government led by prime minister John Howard has been returned to office in Australia in an election result that once again underlines the collapse of support 
DUP warned over indefinite procrastination Inflexible demands from the Democratic Unionist party for verifiable photographic evidence of IRA arms decommissioning may scupper any deal to win a final agreement on power sharing, Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams has warned.
Low voter turnout invalidates Hungarian referendum on citizenship A referendum on whether to give citizenship to ethnic Hungarians aboard failed Sunday because of low voter turnout, preliminary official results showed.
Russia woos India for IT partnership Russian President Vladimir Putin is wooing India to create a strategic partnership in Information Technology, the Moscow Times said Monday.
Problems Cited at Nuclear Plant in South Jersey Experts have identified an array of problems at the Salem nuclear power station, one of the country's largest.
As promised, party was quite subdued FOXBOROUGH -- History never felt quite this ho-hum. For weeks, cautious Patriots players downplayed their run at the record book, insisting their systematic construction of a winning streak dating back to October of 2003 was of little or no consequence. We were chastised for forecasting the possibilities and discouraged from attaching significance to a milestone that would not produce a ...
Seems that it may be time for credit check to be run Whenever it finally gets done, people will start handing out the credits. Let's make certain the list includes all the deserving parties.
Rivera relatives killed in Panama Yankees closer Mariano Rivera was headed back to Panama yesterday, a day after two of his wife's relatives were electrocuted while cleaning the pool at his home.
Cardinals show Dodgers door LOS ANGELES -- Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals sure looked like the best team in baseball.
Former MVP Caminiti dead NEW YORK -- Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died yesterday. He was 41.
Outing hurt so good for Dillon FOXBOROUGH -- More than an hour had passed after the Patriots' 24-10 victory over the Miami Dolphins, and nearly all players and media had cleared out of the winner's locker room. A few writers and TV cameramen remained, hoping to get an update on the status of running back Corey Dillon, who exited the game early because of a banged-up ...
Coach was in on the pass game FOXBOROUGH -- Bill Belichick is a pretty good salesman. He was able to pitch to his team for weeks that setting an NFL record by winning 19 straight games, including postseason, was not important. Yet after his team set the mark in yesterday's 24-10 win over the Miami Dolphins, Belichick acknowleged the achievement and complimented his players.
Mistakes keep surfacing for Dolphins FOXBOROUGH -- It is highly unlikely the winless Miami Dolphins' season will conclude as an inverse of the undefeated 1972 team. To go 0-16 is as difficult as finishing 17-0. But this season's edition is well on its way to becoming one of the most futile in Miami's stellar history.
Welker put his best foot forward in emergency FOXBOROUGH -- With Dolphins placekicker Olindo Mare out with a right calf injury, return specialist Wes Welker knew there was a possibility he would be called upon to kick in yesterday's game against the Patriots -- even though he had not done so regularly since high school.
Developing nose for ball FOXBOROUGH -- Growing up in southern Florida and playing at the University of Miami, it'd be natural to assume Patriots rookie Vince Wilfork was a Dolphins fan. Bad assumption. Wilfork hates the Dolphins. So what kind of day did the 6-foot-2-inch, 325-pound nose tackle have against the teal and orange yesterday?
A pick-me-up at QB Flash back to draft day, when Eli Manning held aloft a San Diego Chargers jersey with all the excitement of a child unwrapping a pair of socks on Christmas Day. Soon after, the Giants tabbed Philip Rivers and shipped him out west in exchange for the No. 1 pick, and both teams were satisfied.
Seahawks stunned in OT SEATTLE -- Marc Bulger was at his best when his teammates needed him most. Bulger threw a 52-yard touchdown pass to Shaun McDonald three minutes into overtime, leading the St. Louis Rams to a thrilling 33-27 victory over the previously undefeated Seattle Seahawks yesterday.
At 4-1, they just might be Giants The New York Giants aren't just winning. They're doing the kinds of things winning teams do.
Pool is much less crowded Let the arguments begin. The first Bowl Championship Series rankings are due out in a few weeks and the number of unbeaten teams is shrinking rapidly.
UNH topples Saints Former Reading High star Sean Collins scored two goals and had an assist to lead the 10th-ranked University of New Hampshire past St. Lawrence, 4-2, in the championship game of the UNH Ice Breaker tournament at the Whittemore Center in Durham, N.H.
Local Stocks Wall Street had a tough week as oil prices jumped 6.4 percent, to a record \$53.31 a barrel, and the Labor Department reported that 96,000 jobs were created in September, about 40,000 fewer than economists expected.
Schumacher again finds victory lane SUZUKA, Japan - Michael Schumacher won his 13th race of the season and first since August when he returned to his dominating form and captured the Japanese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Yankees braced for circus known as dysfunctional Red Sox One of the players held the 28-inch self-described actor, Nelson de la Rosa, in his arms, Pedro #39;s little pal dodging the flowing champagne and buckets of water to find himself in a corner with the button-down Red Sox general manager.
Lewis helps Ravens grind down Redskins LANDOVER, Md. -- Jamal Lewis recovered from a slow start to grind out 116 yards on 28 carries, including 90 clock-eating yards on the final three drives, and the Baltimore Ravens defense did the rest in Sunday 
Irish duo  #39;to sell #39; Man Utd stake at 310p to Glazer LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Shares in UK football club Manchester United (UK:MNU) rose 2.9 percent to 280 pence after a report by The Sunday Times that said Manchester United #39;s largest shareholders, Irish racehorse owners John Magnier and JP McManus, are willing 
6 terrorist members charged for Philippine ferry bombing The Philippine authorities have charged six members of the Abu Sayyaf kidnap-for-ransom group for the super ferry bombing in February that left more than 100 people dead, the government said on Monday.
China Hostages #39; Firm Hopes  #39;Extreme Won #39;t Happen #39; The employer of two Chinese engineers kidnapped in Pakistan was hopeful they would be released as their abductors were targeting neither the company nor Chinese, a spokesman for the firm said on Monday.
Rumsfeld Visits Baghdad as Blasts Kill Up to 18 Two blasts killed up to 18 people, including an American soldier, in Baghdad Sunday hours before Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited Iraq to gauge efforts to calm violence ahead of January elections.
N.Korea Says U.S. Blocking New Nuclear Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea blamed the United States on  Monday for blocking six-country talks on scrapping its nuclear  programs, denying it had stalled the talks itself to await the  outcome of the U.S. presidential election.
Talks Continue After China Hostage Deadline Passes  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Islamic militants holding two Chinese  engineers hostage in Pakistan threatened to kill one on Monday  unless security forces ended a siege of their hideout.
Sainsbury #39;s profits weaker than expected Sainsbury has confirmed fears of weaker-than-expected first-half profit, following a recent analyst downgrade which sparked an investigation by regulators.
UPDATE:Data Suggests RBA Hike As Howard Victory Digested SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--As Australia consigns the lengthy federal election campaign to history, the outlook for interest rates returned to center stage Monday as housing 
F amp;P gets \$83m US footprint DCS specialises in high-end, commercial quality cooking equipment, maintaining a 300,000 square foot headquarters and factory in Huntington Beach, California.
British hostage tried fleeing before death: report The portrait of Ken Bigley, who was murdered in Iraq October 7, stands in front of the congregation during a service at Liverpool #39;s Roman Catholic Cathedral on October 10.
Volcano stirrings carry memories of son killed there 24 years ago  quot;They #39;ve closed down the observatory there for a while, just to be safe, quot; Alice Johnston said. The observatory is the Johnston Ridge Observatory on Johnston Ridge, about 5 miles from the volcano.
Patriots ride defense to 19th straight victory An unspectacular afternoon of football provided the finishing touches on one of pro football #39;s more remarkable achievements. And in a strange way, yesterday #39;s rather mundane 24-10 
Lucky 13 for Schumacher as he breezes to victory Even by Michael Schumacher #39;s standards, qualifying on pole and then winning his 13th grand prix of the season in one day is a super-human effort.
Giants 26, Cowboys 10 Barber, who had just 26 yards on 10 carries midway through the third quarter, had a key 58-yard run and a late touchdown to finish with 122 yards rushing as the New York Giants beat the Dallas Cowboys 26-10 Sunday.
When Private Passions Meet Public Journalism  Should Fox News keep relying on a political reporter who privately mocked John Kerry as a well-manicured "metrosexual"?
Car bombs kill 11 in Baghdad Two car bombs in Baghdad killed at least 11 people yesterday, including one American soldier, and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited 
NASA Mars Rovers Find More Signs of Water (Reuters) Reuters - The Mars rovers have found fresh\evidence that water was plentiful in both the hills and plains\of the now-barren Red Planet, scientists at NASA Jet Propulsion\Laboratory said on Thursday.
Ambitious Russian tycoon upsets Lithuanian politics (AFP) AFP - Viktor Uspaskich, a Russian-born millionaire who is a new force in Lithuanian politics, makes no secret of his old ties to Russian energy giant Gazprom, which supplies all of Lithuania's gas, but says he has his adopted country's interests at heart.
Rocket Attack Kills 2 U.S. Troops in Iraq (AP) AP - Two soldiers from Task Force Baghdad were killed and five wounded Monday in a rocket attack in southern Baghdad, the military said.
Two more shot dead as Thailand praying peace for South Two people were shot dead by insurgents in Thailand #39;s Muslim-dominated deep south on Sunday, when the country was praying peace for the region at a ceremony ofdropping hundred of millions origami birds.
Cambodia moves closer to electing new monarch as Senate passes key bill (AFP) AFP - Cambodia has moved closer towards selecting a new monarch to replace abdicated King Norodom Sihanouk, with the country's Senate approving a bill needed to appoint his successor.
Cameroon votes for leader Cameroonians start to vote in presidential elections, marred by allegations of fraud and apathy.
Saudi promise to release more oil SAUDI minister Ali al-Naimi sought to take some of the heat out of the oil market, by promising that his Kingdom could pump an extra 1.5m barrels a day  #39;immediately #39; if demand increases.
St. Louis puts end to LA #39;s upset hopes The Cardinals had been waiting for someone to step up and deliver the finishing blow, to squash the Dodgers #39; upset dreams and return them to St.
England can run away with it Owen Hargreaves will probably be the beneficiary of David Beckham #39;s moment of madness if Sven-Goran Eriksson decides to retain his bold three-man attack for Wednesday #39;s match in Azerbaijan.
Rossi king of Sepang ! na sunny race watched by over 40,000 spectators on the grandstands, Rossi has again shown his supremacy at the Sepang Circuit by clinching yet another race victory in the MotoGP class of the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Picking on the rookie Much of the credit for the Jets #39; only touchdown yesterday can go to one player. Not Chad Pennington or Chris Baker, who teamed up for a 1-yard touchdown pass with 
Waiting and hoping Whether we arrive at Fenway in business suits or face paint, Red Sox fans have much in common. We are passionate and knowledgeable, as visiting players regularly report.
Skins #39; house of horrors The Ravens get three points from their offense but still win, thanks to the Redskins #39; problems on offense and special teams. LANDOVER MD.
Crippled Canadian sub reaches Scotland The crippled Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi arrived by tow on Sunday at the British naval base at Faslane, on Scotland #39;s west coast, where investigators were hoping to establish the cause of a fatal fire on board.
Rumsfeld makes surprise Iraq visit Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told Marines in Iraq Sunday that he expects continued violence before scheduled Iraqi elections in January and that the number of US troops 
Senate to vote on corporate tax package Aching to go home and campaign, senators agree to a bevy of votes today to get their tax overhaul through. By Associated Press. WASHINGTON - The Senate late Sunday resolved a dispute delaying passage of a sweeping 
Imus: FCC may still hound Howard Don Imus says Howard Stern #39;s defection to satellite radio is not surprising but adds that the bad boy of broadcasting may have to dodge death rays from the FCC.
Vector takes \$877m share in NGC AGL has agreed to sell its majority shareholding to Vector at \$3.00 per share - a deal worth \$877.4 million in total. Bloomberg noted that NGC would provide Vector with North Island gas pipelines, adding to 
Industry fears security setbacks With Amit Yoran #39;s sudden departure from the nation #39;s top cybersecurity job, industry officials said they fear another setback in efforts to make government and corporate networks secure from attacks that hurt business and national security.
Stolz scores first tour win at Vegas LAS VEGAS -- Andre Stolz played like a veteran instead of a rookie and shot a 5-under 67 to win the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas by a shot over Tom Lehman and two others.
Starting rotation might get a makeover for next round LOS ANGELES -The outcome of Sunday night #39;s Game 4 against the Los Angeles Dodgers had little bearing on the Cardinals #39; thinking about their NLCS starting rotation.
F1: Button has his sights on victory Jenson Button set himself a target of winning the final race of the season after again falling just short in yesterday #39;s Japanese Grand Prix.
 #39;Battle not over #39; but Rossi on the brink. After a season full of races labelled  #39;significant #39; or a  #39;turning point #39;, Sunday #39;s Malaysian Grand Prix looks to have been the real thing: Valentino Rossi #39;s victory, combined with seventh for Sete Gibernau, means that the Italian now has one hand on 
Jets 16, Bills 14 There was a missed field goal. A turnover inside the 15. Two drives that started in Bills territory that ended with just three points.
Ravens 17, Redskins 10 Playing his last football until November, Jamal Lewis punished would-be tacklers and kept the Baltimore Ravens offense on the field for nearly the entire fourth quarter.
Tragedy touches a life near-perfect There has been so little heartbreak from baseball for Mariano Rivera, the greatest postseason player the Yankees have ever had, which means the greatest any team has ever had.
Rams 33, Seahawks 27, OT Forget the standings and all the preseason chatter. Matt Hasselbeck and his Seattle teammates know the St. Louis Rams are still the team to beat in the NFC West.
Giants men among  #39;Boys The Giants who endured the misery of the 2003 season still wince whenever last year is mentioned. They remember that they didn #39;t get their fourth win until the eighth game of that season.
Bush Ally Re-Elected; Australia Stays in Coalition Australia #39;s role in the US-led coalition in Iraq was cemented at the ballot box Saturday when Prime Minister John Howard swept to his fourth consecutive 
US seizes independent media sites The FBI has shut down some 20 sites which were part of an alternative media network known as Indymedia.
GM Showcases Hydrogen and Hybrid Technologies at China #39;s Challenge &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GM is showcasing a range of near, mid- and long-term solutions for cleaner, sustainable transportation at China #39;s Challenge Bibendum, which is being held in Shanghai from October 12-14.
Fisher  amp; Paykel buys US company New Zealand #39;s biggest appliance maker Fisher and Paykel Appliances said today it acquired United States manufacturer and distributor of premium cooking appliances, Dynamic Cooking Systems.
Venezuela announces oil tax increase Venezuela has announced a 16-point increase in the royalties payable by foreign oil companies operating in one of its richest oil fields.
AstraZeneca to take earnings hit on drug rejection AstraZeneca will have to take a charge against 2004 earnings after US regulators rejected its new anti-clotting drug Exanta, but a company spokesman has declined to say how large it will be.
Move over iPod, for a touch of Zen  October 11, 2004. Apple Computer #39;s iPod remains the king of digital music players, but robust pretenders to the throne have begun to emerge in the Windows universe.
England 2, Wales 0 AFTER having waited 20 years to renew rivalries with their nearest neighbour, Wales are now probably hoping they could have a similar wait for the next encounter.
Dodgers at a loss without pitching to beat St. Louis Their starting pitching was all but spent by Labor Day, but the Dodgers still held on to win the National League West. The St. Louis Cardinals, who have the NL #39;s best offense 
Ken Caminiti, 1996 NL MVP, Dies At Age 41 New York -- Former Houston Astros slugger Ken Caminiti died today at age 41. The 1996 National League MVP admitted during his major league career that he had used steroids.
UPDATE 1-Australia #39;s Miller dies aged 84 Former Australia all rounder Keith Miller has died aged 84, a family spokesman said on Monday. Miller, one of the leading players in Don Bradman #39;s 1948 Ashes-winning 
Prisoner swap may aid Mideast peace process In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Mideast peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Two Men Questioned in Pakistan Bombing (AP) AP - Police said Monday they were questioning two men in connection with a suicide attack at a Shiite mosque in eastern Pakistan that killed three people plus the bomber  #151; the latest violence in what appears to be rising strife between Shiite and Sunni Muslims.
Dollar Hits 1-Month Low Vs Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell to a four-week low  against the yen and held near a recent one-week low versus the  euro on Monday after weak U.S. jobs data fanned questions about  future interest rate hikes in the United States.
Move over iPod, for a touch of Zen Apple Computer's iPod remains the king of digital music players, but robust pretenders to the throne have begun to emerge in the Windows universe. One of them is the Zen Touch, from Creative Labs.
Rumsfeld: Iraq Must Grow Own Govt. System KIRKUK, Iraq - After listening to two U.S. Army officers describe recent progress in battling the insurgency and stabilizing northern Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H...
Sainsbury Profit Falls by as Much as 66; Stock Drops (Update4) J Sainsbury Plc, Britain #39;s third- largest supermarket chain, said first-half earnings fell by as much as 66 percent as the company lost business to competitors such as Tesco Plc.
Schu prefers three day weekend Michael Schumacher is the only Formula One driver to have ever won pole position and a grand prix within four hours. But the German urged the sport #39;s rule makers to ignore suggestions they should apply the two-day format full time.
Ambitious Russian tycoon upsets Lithuanian politics KEDAINIAI, Lithuania: Viktor Uspaskich, a Russian-born millionaire who is a new force in Lithuanian politics, makes no secret of his old ties to Russian energy giant Gazprom, which supplies all of Lithuania #39;s gas, but says he has his adopted country #39;s 
World ; Iran, Russia deal on spent nuclear fuel in final stage World News, Tehran, Oct 11 (IANS) Iran and Russia are close to finalising the agreement on return of spent nuclear fuel, paving the way for Iran #39;s first atomic power plant to become operational, reports Xinhua.
Neumann wins first LPGA title in 6 years Neumann, the 1988 US Women #39;s Open champion, closed with a final-round 68 for a 15-under 273 total, for her first win since the Chick-fil-A Charity Championship in 1998.
This is nice, but Cards not yet done LOS ANGELES -- This is not the ultimate goal, that much is clear. The Cardinals have a much higher aspiration than winning one postseason series.
Yanks fans desperate for tickets One week ago, Rye resident Dan Kressler was surfing the Internet at work when he and a colleague came across an absolute gold mine.
Former MVP Caminiti, 41, dies in Bronx hospital Ken Caminiti, the popular and powerful former National League MVP whose troubled life after baseball included bouts with cocaine and a jail stay, died yesterday at Lincoln Hospital in the Bronx.
Keith Miller, Australia #39;s Best All-Round Cricketer, Dies at 84 Keith Miller, Australia #39;s most prolific all-rounder in Test cricket, died today at a nursing home, Cricket Australia said. He was 84.
Oil price strike begins in Nigeria A four-day national strike has begun in Nigeria in protest at a 25 increase in the cost of oil. Oil executives in Nigeria said they were confident there would be no immediate disruption to exports.
Higher bid for PeopleSoft? (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - Try lower, says Oracle CEO Larry Ellison on the witness stand in Delaware's Court of Chancery.
Aid Money Must Flow Quickly, Iraq to Tell Donors (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq could plunge into still deeper\chaos unless billions of dollars the international community\has pledged for rebuilding are spent quickly, the Baghdad\government will warn this week.
Bobby-Trapped Car Explodes in Mosul (AP) AP - A car bomb exploded Monday in western Mosul as an American military convoy was passing by, witnesses said. First reports indicated it may have been a suicide attack.
Talks Continue After China Hostage Deadline Passes  WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Islamic militants holding two  Chinese engineers hostage in Pakistan threatened to kill one on  Monday unless security forces ended a siege of their hideout.
UK #39;s Turner to Show Pension Funds Falling, Watson Wyatt Says A government-commissioned report on UK pensions will say tomorrow that retirement savings are less than previously estimated, pension experts said, putting pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair to act before elections.
Australia #39;s Gribbles Has Received Expressions Of Interest MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian diagnostics and pathology provider Gribbles Group Ltd. (GGL.AU) said Monday that it has received expressions of interest regarding ownership of the company.
Teen Newsbreak - Getting out the vote A nonpartisan national group is trying to get a record number of voters to the polls this year. By MARK ZALOUDEK. Scientists are unlocking some of the mysteries of the universe as planetary exploration forges ahead on several fronts.
Security: End users are your first line of defense ComputerWorld AU: Respondents to the 2004 Ernst  amp; Young Global Information Security Survey cited lack of security awareness by end users as the top barrier to achieving the required level of security.
Sven:  #39;It #39;s three strikers or Wright-Phillips #39; Sven-Goran Eriksson says that he will select either the three-pronged strikeforce or Shaun Wright-Phillips on Wednesday night, but not both.
It #39;s a Giant difference At one end of Texas Stadium, in a sea of blue seats vacated by deflated Cowboys fans, 100 or so Giants fans gathered over the tunnel where the 
Patriots at 19, counting Crack consecutive-win record. Patriots 24, Dolphins 10; Bewildered Fish make it easy for Brady in lacklustre game. Two streaks, going in opposite directions, remained intact, although not without some drama.
Nobody catches Tomescu-Dita this time As she climbed the final obstacle to her first-ever marathon victory, Constantina Tomescu-Dita couldn #39;t help looking back - back to her past, back to the ghosts that have plagued her time and time again.
Sinai attacks shatter peace for tourists Israeli tourists flock to this idyllic stretch of coastline between Taba, on the Egyptian-Israeli border, and Dahab to the south. Small seaside camps 
UN troops hurt in Haiti violence the second UN peacekeeper to be shot in Haiti over the weekend. On Saturday a Brazilian was hurt in the capital 
Russia and Iran close to nuclear fuel deal Russia and Iran could sign an agreement on nuclear fuel supplies to Iran soon, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said. According to him, the agreement on the return of spent nuclear fuel to Russia is in its final stages.
Ljubisa Beara Surrendered to the Serbian Authorities Ljubisa Beara, former Chief of Intelligence of the Chiefs of Staff of the RS Army and accused by the Hague Tribunal (ICTY) for crimes against humanity, surrendered yesterday to the Serbian authorities and was transported to The Hague, reports official 
Kenyans go 1-2 in a wild finish In a wild sprint to the finish, Kenyan Luke Metto edged countryman Wilson Kigen to win the BAA Half Marathon yesterday, though both were credited with the same time -- a record-breaking 1 hour 2 minutes 57 seconds.
Insurer moves 1,100 jobs to India Insurance firm Royal   Sun Alliance says it is cutting 1,100 jobs in the UK and moving the posts to India.
Poles jostle for new bank shares Polish consumers rush to sign up for shares in the country's largest bank, scheduled to make its stock market debut next month.
Sainsbury's issues profit warning Struggling UK supermarket chain Sainsbury's issues its third profit warning of the year, saying half-year profits are set to fall to as little as 125m.
New Somali leader pledges peace Somalia's new president Abdullahi Yusuf promises to reunite and rebuild the country after 13 years of war.
India Emerges as Innovation Hub Indian labs churn out technologies to help users in developing countries keep up with the information age even if they can't afford a computer, don't live near a phone or speak a language that can't be typed on a standard keyboard. By Manu Joseph.
A MacGyver for the Third World An MIT inventor bent on public service creates practical solutions to life-threatening problems around the world. Her approach: be a master of the obvious. Second in a series profiling this year's MacArthur 'genius award' winners. By Kari Lynn Dean.
People Are Human-Bacteria Hybrid A group of British scientists believes people should be viewed as 'superorganisms,' made of conglomerations of human, fungal, bacterial and viral cells. It's a sensible view, given that human bodies contain more than 500 bacterial species. By Rowan Hooper.
Oral History on the Go A project to record thousands of interviews with people across the United States is expanding. StoryCorps originates from a soundproof booth in Grand Central Station and now wants to go mobile. Rachel Metz reports from New York.
Leisure Suit Larry No Seducer The latest games aimed at helping the namesake character get laid,  Leisure Suit Larry: Magna Cum Laude gets high marks for humor. But the game seems too repetitive for most players' tastes. By Lore Sjberg.
Nations Plan for Net's Future A global summit aims to lay the groundwork for a new structure of internet governance. Participants, however, have very different visions for the future of broadband deployment, net telephony and other web technologies. By Wendy M. Grossman.
Predicting the Path of an Inferno Flames leap 200 feet in the air and burn at 2,000 degrees. A rain of fire sets thousands of acres ablaze. The smoke jumpers may get the glory, but the battle is being won by the wildfire-simulation brigade. By Michael Behar from Wired magazine.
Can Math Help in Terror War? A group of mathematicians look at how order theory might help in the war on terror. The branch of abstract math resembles classic military strategy but applying computers to problems might increase accuracy of predictions and strategic moves.
Experts Knock E-Vote Data Delay Researchers trying to determine how the online format might increase election participation and help disenfranchised voters say the DNC and other election officials are stingy with the data after a Michigan trial.
Few Americans Buy Meds Online Despite rising drug costs and increased pressure to import cheaper drugs from abroad, a Pew study finds that not many Americans buy prescription drugs through the internet. Most feel drugs purchased online are not as safe.
Cazenove  #39;could sell stake to bank #39; The UKs oldest independent stockbroker was today being linked to a deal involving the sale of a 50 stake to US bank JP Morgan Chase.
LCD glut drives LG Philips profits down 15 Demand for expensive LCD televisions is not growing fast enough to absorb output from a slew of new factories starting production, and analysts expect prices to keep falling into 2005.
Westfield joins proposed joint bid for Chelsfield Westfield (WDC) and a new company to be formed by Multiplex Group(MXG) and the Reuben brothers today announced they are to propose a \$1.
Singapore #39;s economy grows by 7.7 SINGAPORE - Singapore #39;s economy slowed in the third quarter but still recorded growth of 7.7 year-on-year, the government said Monday.
Weaker than expected rise in August housing finance in Australia SYDNEY: Australian housing finance figures show a weaker-than-expected 0.4 percent rise in the number of mortgages taken out during the month of August.
US files first suit against  quot;spyware quot; SW The software works its way into a computer, hijacking the Web browser and causing the CD-ROM tray to slide open mysteriously. WASHINGTON: The US government has sued a New Hampshire man in its first attempt 
Newfound Allies Drive Web Services Spec The industrys latest allies -- Microsoft and Sun -- have supported the publication of Web Services Management (WS-Management), a Web services specification that provides a common way for enterprises to access and exchange management information across 
IBM Reveals Blade With Room For Two SCSI Drives IBM is now offering enterprises the ability to add two small form-factor SCSI drives internally to the five new HS20 models of BladeCenter systems, which are based on the 2.8 GHz to 3.6 GHz Intel Xeon-processor with 64 bit extensions.
No deficit is too large for Nelson Larry Nelson needed a huge comeback, and an extra hole, to win his second Champions Tour event of the year. Nelson rallied from seven strokes off the lead and made a 5-foot 
Cards earn respect the old-fashioned way That was indeed a handshake line you saw moments after the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Dodgers in Los Angeles, three games to one, to settle half the bracket for the National League championship series.
Henry rebuts critics France and Arsenal striker Thierry Henry has refuted critics of his national squad #39;s current poor run of form. Critics have wondered why the former FIFA Footballer of the Year and current top-performer in 
Former MVP Caminiti Dies of Heart Attack at 41  LONDON (Reuters) - Former National League Most Valuable  Player Ken Caminiti, who in 2002 admitted he used steroids,  died of a heart attack in New York on Sunday, Major League  Baseball reported on its Web Site.
Wall Street hears static on the radio Analysts #39; roasting began before Stern #39;s departure; can congloms fix medium? By Matthew Flamm Published on October 11, 2004.
Dallas done in by errors; Parcells: We #39;re just stupid Bill Parcells knew the game was getting away from the Dallas Cowboys. Yet he thought one jolt could put them back in control. So with Dallas down only six points and 
Two car bombs kill 11, including American soldier BAGHDAD - Car bombers struck twice in rapid succession here Sunday, killing at least 11 people, including an American soldier. Meanwhile, rocket-propelled grenade explosions and machine-gun fire rocked the 
US forces enter Latifiya seeking hostage killers US forces over the weekend entered the hard-line Islamist stronghold of Latifiya in search of the terrorist group that killed two American contractors and last week beheaded their colleague, British engineer Kenneth Bigley.
Investigators Seek Clues in Ark. Bus Crash WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. - While relatives kept vigil at hospitals and church parishioners prayed for the dead, investigators scoured the crash site where a bus packed with gamblers overturned, killing 14 passengers...
Israel Parliament to Start Winter Session JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who has alienated his right-wing Likud party with plans to withdraw from Gaza, begins a new legislative session fighting for his government's survival.    Lawmakers were scheduled to vote on two motions of no confidence Monday, the first day of Israel's winter parliamentary session...
Dubai On The Road With 5-Year Dollar Sukuk FRN LONDON (Dow Jones)--Dubai has started roadshows for a dollar-denominated, five-year, floating-rate sukuk note issue, IFR Credit reported Monday.
The Cost Of Ideas Sun and Kodak settled their long-running intellectual-property dispute last week. It #39;s far from the last such clash we #39;ll see.
Who should replace Beckham? David Beckham #39;s booking in England #39;s 2-0 win against Wales rules him out of Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier away to Azerbaijan, but City #39;s Shaun Wright-Phillips isn #39;t guaranteed to take his place in the starting line-up.
No Svet: Tomescu-Dita coasts to marathon win But even she didn #39;t believe it as she looked over her shoulder five times in the last 600 meters at Sunday #39;s LaSalle Bank Chicago Marathon.
Lions hand Falcons first loss ATLANTA -- The Detroit Lions have learned to win on the road. Michael Vick still is trying to get a handle on the West Coast offense.
Lithuania #39;s Labour wins round one Lithuania #39;s opposition Labour party won the first round of parliamentary elections, buoyed by a popular backlash against political scandals, and could head a coalition after a second round vote in two weeks.
802.11a comes out fighting &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Prospects bright in the Wi-Fi arena
Mortgages: Finagling at Fannie After years in blissful slumber, federal regulators last month suddenly sprang awake, leaped up and slapped Fannie Mae upside the head.
Oil Hovers Around \$53 a Barrel That #39;s despite assurances from Middle East oil producers that they were committed to bringing the price down as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter.
Anti-spyware company in court on bullying charges The US Federal Trade Commission on Thursday asked a federal court to shut down an operation that it said disables users #39; computers in an attempt to bully them into buying anti-spyware products.
Dell starts to recall laptop power adapters DELL Inc. had started to recall power adapters for some of its notebook models because of a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock, the American company announced on its Web site Friday.
Mars #39; polygon shapes may be result of water action Curious polygon shapes on the surface of Mars are among the latest evidence clearly suggesting the presence of water, and some of it may have appeared there even after the surface was bombarded by objects from distant space.
Top 20 loopholes that make a PC susceptible to hacking revealed A list comprising top twenty threats to computers from hackers has been issued by the Sans Institute to guard companies against the most common loopholes in their system, which makes them susceptible to cyber crimes.
A hero to generations of Australians Keith Miller, the regal allrounder who impressed everyone in pubs to palaces, has died at the age of 84. An Invincible, a Second World War fighter pilot, a journalist, an elderly recluse: Miller was many things.
Former MVP Caminiti Dies of Heart Attack at 41 Former National League Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti, who in 2002 admitted he used steroids, died of a heart attack in New York on Sunday, Major League Baseball reported on its Web Site.
SC stays appointment of Justice Mohan The Supreme Court today stayed the Madras High Court order appointing Justice (retd) S Mohan as the Interim Administrator of BCCI.
Hey 19 -- Pats can #39;t lose Team stumbles but sets NFL win mark Foxboro, Mass. -- There have been prettier games in the streak, and certainly more meaningful ones. But among the hallmarks of the victories the Patriots have collected like so much pocket change over the 
Sports: GM, agent, say Rivera will be available Tuesday NEW YORK It appears New York Yankees ace relief pitcher Mariano Rivera will be ready for tomorrow night #39;s American League pennant series opener against Boston.
Adams quits Leicester Micky Adams resigned from second division Leicester City on Monday, bringing to an end a turbulent reign of highs and lows at the troubled club.
Court reinstates Indian board officials India #39;s top court has set aside a lower court #39;s order suspending all office-bearers of the country #39;s cricket board, including president Ranbir Mahendra, because of alleged misconduct during board elections last month.
NFL: Seattle-St. Louis UNDER 43 With a posted total of 42 or higher a the home team is off of a home win the road team scored 24 or more points their last game and the road team played a close gameeither lost by five or less or won by 10 or less, its gone under 27-5.
Canadian probe into submarine fire begins A Canadian board of inquiry is convening in Scotland to investigate the cause of the fire on the submarine HMCS Chicoutimi, in which an officer was killed.
Mystery accused to join Shaik The prosecution in the Schabir Shaik trial will add another accused to its list of 10 on Wednesday, the Durban High Court heard today.
World gaming triumph for UK team One of the UK's gaming clans has scored a double success at the Olympics of the gaming world.
Flight simulators 'treat vertigo' Researchers have found flight simulators may help treat people for chronic dizziness.
Nigerians Go Ahead With Nationwide Strike (AP) AP - A nationwide strike to protest fuel price hikes shut down Nigeria's commercial capital on Monday, emptying the streets of most traffic except soldiers and anti-riot police in armored vehicles.
London Oil Price Tops \$50 for First Time  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit fresh records on Monday,  pushing London Brent crude above \$50 for the first time and  extending a relentless rise that has added around 65 percent to  the cost of crude this year.
Weak Jobs Growth Drags Down Dollar  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell to a one-month low  against the yen and held near a recent one-week low versus the  euro on Monday after weak U.S. jobs data raised questions about  future interest rate hikes in the United States.
CapitalSource's Especially Warm Reception Investor conferences put on by public companies tend to be upbeat affairs. That was indeed the case at    CapitalSource Inc. 's annual presentation to research analysts. About 125 people -- mostly the youngish, mathy types who follow financial service companies for Wall Street -- were crammed into the Fairmont hotel in Foggy Bottom to listen to a procession of crisp, data-laden speeches about CapitalSource.
House prices cool off in August House price growth slowed in August, with London seeing the lowest increases in prices, government figures show.
UN troops hurt in Haiti violence Two UN peacekeepers are shot in Haiti over the weekend amid increasing tensions on the island.
Oswalt set on ending Astros hex By wire services. Now it #39;s Roy Oswalt  #39;s turn to try to pitch the Astros to their first playoff series victory. He can only hope for more help from his bullpen than Roger Clemens got Sunday.
Militants extend deadline to kill one hostage by four hours Islamabad, Oct 11. (PTI):The suspected pro-Taliban abductors of two Chinese engineers in Pakistan #39;s tribal south Waziristan agency bordering Afghanistan today extended the deadline by four hours to kill one of the hostages.
Kanye triumphs at Source awards Rapper-producers Kanye West and Lil Jon  win three awards each at the Source Hip-Hop Music Awards in Miami.
Stocks May Open Lower on Jobs Report NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen flat to slightly lower at the open Monday as investors grapple with Friday's disappointing jobs report...
British Insurer to Move Jobs to India British insurer Royal  amp; SunAlliance said Monday it plans to transfer more than 1,100 jobs to India over the next few years in a bid to cut costs.
AZ finds itself on the sick list SHARES in drugs giant AstraZeneca bounced back having slumped to a 19-month low earlier today as US regulators formally blocked the launch of its new blood-thinning treatment Exanta.
Dell, Intel, Microsoft launch web services standard Industry giants AMD, Intel, Dell, Microsoft and Sun have thrown their weight behind a web services specification that could provide a common way for systems to access and exchange management information.
What The Papers Say...  #39;Michael Schumacher #39;s recent absence from top spot on the formula one rostrum may have lulled some of his opposition into believing the Ferrari driver was just a little too comfortable with life after clinching his all-time record seventh world 
Biaggi sees the light. After three tough races, in which he scored a total of just 10-points, Max Biaggi was back to his best at Sepang on Sunday - when he charged through the lead pack and proved the only rider capable of threatening race winner Valentino Rossi.
Foxes lose Adams fight Leicester City have failed in their attempts to persuade manager Micky Adams to reconsider his decision to quit and reluctantly #39; #39; accepted his resignation, the club announced this morning.
Nigerian workers launch four-day general strike over rising fuel costs (AFP) AFP - Tens of millions of Nigerian workers began a four-day nationwide strike over rising fuel prices as labour leaders launched their latest challenge to President Olusegun Obasanjo's economic reforms.
Making disk drives the star of the show Agere is working to make tiny drives the heart of MP3 players and other devices. But are nonstandard approaches worth the risk?
Optical networking: The next generation Forget Internet2. The National LambdaRail is the most ambitious network research project going. But can it save the optical networking industry?
London Oil Price Tops \$50 for First Time Oil prices hit fresh records on Monday, pushing London Brent crude above \$50 for the first time and extending a relentless rise that has added around 65 percent to the cost of crude this year.
Fannie Mae has given its critics plenty of ammo to shoot for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Our business is the American Dream. That #39;s the slogan of Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest backer of home mortgages. The institution was chartered in 1938 to expand home ownership, but its leadership today 
Braves Beat Astros 6-5 to Force Fifth Game (AP) AP - John Smoltz, Adam LaRoche and J.D. Drew saved the Atlanta Braves from another quick playoff exit. The Braves pounced on Houston's bullpen as soon as Roger Clemens was gone, rallying from a three-run deficit for a 6-5 victory Sunday that tied the best-of-five NL series at two games apiece.
US gov targets spyware outfit A company which makes software that infiltrates users #39; computers and demands \$30 to be removed has been targeted by US authorities.
Google used to identify 1993 hit-and-run victim Unable to identify a pedestrian who died in an apparent hit-and-run crash more than a decade ago, authorities turned to Google. In little more than a week, they had their man.
Palmisano: IBM CEO Hails Growing Tech Spending Some chief executives boost their companies in speeches. Addressing an IBM (nyse: IBM - news - people ) customer event, CEO Samuel Palmisano attempted to buck up an entire industry.
49ers #39; attitude gets a major adjustment They looked like a team that had quit, and they looked like a team that couldn #39;t be judged too harshly for quitting. There were so many young men in baggy white sweat pants and matching T-shirts on the sideline 
Cambodia passes Throne Council bill Phnom Penh (VNA) - The Cambodian Senate on Monday endorsed a Throne Council bill, submitted by the National Assembly on Oct. 8, paving the way for the appointment of a successor to King Norodom Sihanouk, who announced he is to  quot;retire quot; on Oct. 7.
Crocodile attacks two campers in northern Australia CAIRNS, Australia A doctor says a pair of Australian campers are  quot;pretty lucky quot; after tangling with a big crocodile. Authorities say the 14-foot croc grabbed a man as he slept in a tent at a campsite in Queensland.
Israeli Aircraft Attacks Militant's House (AP) AP - An Israeli aircraft fired a missile Monday at a house in the southern Gaza town of Rafah, wounding five people, including a top Islamic Jihad leader, witnesses and hospital officials said.
Stocks Seen Flat as Oil Hits New Highs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open flat on  Monday, with high oil prices expected to take center stage amid  light trading volume on the Columbus Day holiday.
Oil Extends Record Run, Brent Over \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit fresh records again on  Monday, pushing London Brent crude above \$50 for the first time  and extending a relentless rise that has added around 65  percent to the cost of crude this year.
Count Delay in Afghan Poll, Candidates Coming Round  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan officials delayed counting ballots  on Monday to deal with complaints of fraud in a historic  presidential election, but several candidates appeared to be  pulling back from an initial decision to reject the vote.
Risk Assets Tread Water  LONDON (Reuters) - Friday's weak U.S. jobs data remained  the focus on world financial markets on Monday, with European  stocks barely changed, government bonds consolidating gains and  the dollar still under pressure.
Israeli Missile Hits House of Local Militant -Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli missile hit the house of a  local Islamic Jihad leader in a refugee camp in the southern  Gaza Strip on Monday, wounding at least two people, Palestinian  medics said.
JP Morgan to buy 50 of Cazenove for 100 mn LONDON, October 11 (newratings.com) - US-based banking company, JP Morgan Chase (JPM.NYS), has agreed in principle to buy a 50 stake in the oldest British independent stock brokerage firm, Cazenove, for 100 million.
IBM sharpens BladeCenter offering IBM has beefed up its popular BladeCenter offering with the introduction of six new models and improved power management features.
Aussie cricket legend Keith Miller dies Melbourne - Australian Keith Miller, rated one of cricket #39;s greatest and crowd-pleasing all-rounders, died here on Monday aged 84.
To Yao, Shaq looms large HOUSTON  As the Rockets approached Sunday #39;s exhibition against the Heat at Toyota Center, Houston center Yao Ming was asked about yet another matchup against Shaquille O #39;Neal.
Canada: Brave sailors saved sub Canada #39;s defense minister has spoken of his pride at the way the crew of a crippled submarine acted after a fire on board the vessel that killed an officer.
Barca expand lead with Real #39;s goalless draw Barca expanded their lead with Real Madrid #39;s lackluster 0-0 draw at Villarreal in the Spanish first division league on Sunday.
BCS matchups offer several firsts For the first time in four years, the Longhorns parlayed a 10-win regular season into a berth in the Bowl Championship Series. Completing a steady climb in the BCS standings - from 11th in mid-October to 
C amp;C Profit More Than Doubles on Lower Interest Costs (Update2) C amp;C Group Plc, the maker of Tullamore Dew whiskey that held its initial public offering in May, said first-half profit more than doubled after the sale of a business helped cut debt and reduce interest charges.
New service brings digital media to you Want to watch your HBO while waiting at the doctor #39;s office, or use your cellphone instead of a portable music player to listen to songs from your home digital jukebox?
AOL #39;s New Stand-alone Browser AOL are working on a new own-brand web browser just as the browser wars enter a new phase. Recently, Microsoft really has shot itself in the foot - it looked like the once-bitter war was over and that just 
Redskins Fall To I-95 Rival The nearby Baltimore Ravens were the latest team to spoil the return of head coach Joe Gibbs. Things looked good for a while for the burgundy and gold, with Mark Brunell throwing a 7-yard touchdown pass to give the Skins a 10-0 lead.
Iraq Militants Threaten to Behead Turk Hostage -TV (Reuters) Reuters - An Iraqi militant group has threatened to\behead a Turkish hostage within three days unless the United\States releases all Iraqi prisoners and Turkish nationals leave\Iraq, Al Arabiya television said on Monday.
Westfield, Multiplex join in new offer for Chelsfield (AFP) AFP - Australian shopping center giant Westfield is teaming up with property group Multiplex and Aldersgate Investments to make a cash offer for Duelguide, the company which owns British developer Chelsfield.
Tribute to brave submarine crew Canada's defence minister praises the bravery and quick thinking of a submarine crew during a fire in rough seas.
Spain wins Davis Cup, extends US drought Carlos Moya defeated Andy Roddick 6-2, 7-6 (1), 7-6 (5) Sunday in Seville, Spain, to clinch Spain #39;s second Davis Cup title, extending the US team #39;s drought in tennis #39; top team competition.
R amp;SA transfers 1,000 jobs to India One of the country #39;s biggest insurance firms, Royal  amp; SunAlliance, is to transfer more than 1,000 jobs to Bangalore in India.
German state to reduce stake in Deutsche Telekom BONN - The German state announced plans Monday to reduce its stake in telecoms giant Deutsche Telekom by some 7 percent in a transaction which could generate revenue amounting to nearly EUR 4.5 billion.
Sainsbury profits to drop by two thirds In a statement today supermarket chain Sainsbury said it expected first-half profits to drop nearly two-thirds compared with last year as a result of loss of market share.
Aussies and Reubens grab Chelsfield SHOPPING centres giant Westfield has cut a deal with fellow Australian developer Multiplex and billionaires Simon and David Reuben to carve up property group Chelsfield in a purchase worth 2.
LG.Philips Posts First Profit Decline in Five Qtrs (Update2) LG.Philips LCD Co., the world #39;s second-largest maker of liquid-crystal displays, posted its first profit decline in five quarters after a glut of screens drove prices lower, a survey of analysts showed.
Area engineer was in at the start of the space race Maxime  quot;Max quot; Faget, an intuitive engineer who became the chief architect of NASA #39;s Mercury capsule and a key contributor to the design of three other manned spacecraft, has died.
Senior management too lax with information security As information security threats have grown more lethal in the past decade, many senior executives still remain in the dark when it comes to protecting their organizations.
Dell Gets \$700M Deal From Royal Philips Dell Inc. said Thursday that it has won a \$700 million, 5-year contract to provide computers and services for Royal Philips Electronics.
Former Astro Ken Caminiti dead at 41 of apparent heart attack Ken Caminiti, a former Houston Astros third baseman and National League Most Valuable Player whose career came crashing down under the burden of drug and legal problems, died of a massive heart 
Yankees beat Twins 6-to-5 The New York Yankees beat the Twins 6-to-5 Saturday to advance to the AL Championship. They will play the Boston Red Sox. Ruben Sierra hit a three-run homer in the eighth inning.
Put up or shut up, Reds board tells Glazer UNITED #39;S plc board have told Malcolm Glazer to put his money where his mouth is. Representatives of the American tycoon are understood to have mooted an offer of 300p per share to the United board which now wants to know how he is going to pay for it.
Pats ice Belichick after 19th straight While Tom Brady, fat-lipped courtesy of an unidentified Dolphins defender, took a knee in the backfield as the final minute ticked away, Rodney Harrison and Richard Seymour 
Microsoft Files More Spam Suits Microsoft intensified its legal assault on spam with the filing of seven lawsuits against alleged spammers marketing sexually explicit material, the company said last week.
Royal and Sun Alliance to move 1,100 jobs to India (AFP) AFP - Insurer Royal and Sun Alliance became the latest high-profile British firm to announce a mass transfer of jobs to India, saying it plans to move 1,100 positions there by 2006, saving the group 10 million pounds annually (14.5 million euros, 18.0 million dollars).
Royal and Sun Alliance to move 1,100 jobs to India LONDON : Insurer Royal and Sun Alliance became the latest high-profile British firm to announce a mass transfer of jobs to India, saying it plans to move 1,100 positions there by 2006, saving the group 10 million pounds annually (14.
Corporate tax cuts delayed a day in Senate A sweeping corporate tax bill that would dole out nearly \$140 billion in business breaks over the next decade was unexpectedly delayed in the Senate on Sunday over its failure 
Sainsbury #39;s profits set to tumble Sainsbury expects first-half profits to slump nearly two-thirds from last year, as it bleeds market share to rivals and reels from an exodus of top staff.
New service to give remote access to digital media anywhere SAN JOSE, Calif. A Union City start-up company is introducing a service today that is sure to raise the eyebrows of Hollywood. Orb Networks will unveil a service that allows subscribers to remotely access 
Japanese unit hits Daimler #39;s profit Costs linked to recalls and quality problems at DaimlerChrysler #39;s Japanese truck and bus unit will hit third-quarter operating profits by \$493 million, according to the company.
Realtors Increasingly Use Internet To Market Their Business  quot;Realtors continue to be more technologically savvy than their counterparts in years past, and have integrated numerous technological tools into their day-to-day businesses as well as 
Australian striker Kewell fit for Solomon Islands game Liverpool forward Harry Kewell will be fit for Australia #39;s Confederations Cup qualifier against Solomon Islands on Tuesday after shrugging off a groin injury on Monday.
Few Sadr rebels turn in arms Only a small number of followers of radical Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr handed over their weapons today at the start of a ceasefire aimed at ending weeks of fighting between US troops and insurgents in the Baghdad #39;s impoverished Sadr City neighbourhood.
Canada to Hold Inquiry on Submarine Fire, Meet With UK #39;s Hoon Canada will hold a naval inquiry into the cause of a fire that broke out on a submarine last week, killing one sailor and leaving the vessel drifting in the Atlantic, Canadian Defense 
Arrests made in Philippines ferry bombing Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo announced Monday charges had been filed against six men in the deadly February bombing of a ferry.
China Rejects Olive Branch Offered by Taiwan #39;s President China has rejected Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian #39;s call for dialogue and peace talks. President Chen made the overture during a much-publicized National Day speech in Taipei on Sunday.
2 UN Peacekeepers Shot in Haiti Officials in Haiti say two soldiers with the UN peacekeeping force in the Caribbean country have been shot and wounded in separate incidents.
Talks Continue After China Hostage Deadline Passes  CHAGMALAI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Islamic militants holding  two Chinese engineers hostage in Pakistan threatened to kill  one on Monday unless security forces ended a siege of their  hideout, a tactic the interior minister said had echoes of  Iraq.
Manila's Cardinal Sin Rushed to Hospital  MANILA (Reuters) - Cardinal Jaime Sin, the powerbroker at  the heart of Philippine people power revolts, was rushed to a  Manila hospital on Monday after reportedly suffering a heart  attack, church officials and local media said.
S Africa arms fraud trial starts The high-profile fraud and corruption trial begins of Deputy President Jacob Zuma's financial advisor.
Women 'better at holding drink' Women are better at  maintaining their self-control when they drink, researchers find.
Sainsbury Profit Falls by as Much as 66; Stock Drops (Update5) J Sainsbury Plc, Britain #39;s third- largest supermarket chain, said first-half profit fell by as much as 66 percent as the company lost business to Tesco Plc and Wal- Mart Stores Inc.
Henin to quit tennis for rest of the season Former world number one Justine Henin-Hardenne has decided to quit tennis for the rest of the yearin a bid to recover from exhaustion.
Keith Miller passes away, aged 84 Australian cricket legend Keith Miller passed away peacefully today, aged 84, in a nursing home on the Mornington Peninsula, south of Melbourne.
Bassett takes charge at Leicester City Football Club Director of Football Dave Bassett has taken temporary charge of the Foxes after the resignation of Micky Adams. Bassett was in charge of Leicester for six months with Adams as his number two in the 2001/02 
Rumsfeld visits Iraq as insurgency goes on US Defense Secretary Donal Rumsfeld paid a secret visit to Iraq on Sunday and inspected plans to secure precarious areas ahead of the national elections in January.
India flood toll climbs to 162 The death toll from flash floods and landslides in India #39;s northeast in the past week has risen to 162, with another five bodies recovered today.
SunTrust Expects to Restate (Reuters) Reuters - SunTrust Banks Inc. , the No. 7\U.S. bank, on Monday said it put two senior finance executives\on paid leave, and expects to restate first- and second-quarter\profit higher as it fixes errors in how it accounts for loan\losses.
Excerpts From Nobel Economics Citation (AP) AP - Excerpts from the citation awarding the 2004 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences to Finn E. Kydland of Norway and Edward C. Prescott of the United States for their contributions to dynamic macroeconomics and the time consistency of economic policy and the driving forces behind business cycles.
Sainsbury's Warns of First-Half Profit Dip (AP) AP - Troubled grocery chain J Sainsbury PLC, Britain's third-biggest supermarket retailer, said Monday it expected to announce a big drop in profits for the first half of this year.
Stocks Seen Little Changed; Oil at Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open nearly  unchanged on Monday amid expected light trading volume on the  Columbus Day holiday, but record high oil prices could put  pressure on markets.
SunTrust Expects to Restate  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 7  U.S. bank, on Monday said it put two senior finance executives  on paid leave, and expects to restate first- and second-quarter  profit higher as it fixes errors in how it accounts for loan  losses.
Bush paints Kerry as dangerous leftist ahead of final debate (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush's tactic heading into the third and final presidential debate this week is to paint his opponent John Kerry as a dangerous leftist who wants to increase the government's role in public life.
Napster Founder Returns Napster developer Shawn Fanning is back with a new file-sharing program -- but this time it #39;s legit. Without revealing all the details of his new venture, Snocap, Inc.
Old age a 'burden' to employers Old age is "an illness for which there is no cure" for many employers, according to new research.
Novell sets Open Enterprise Server release Company plans to begin shipping in February its Open Enterprise Server, which combines open source and commercial networking platforms.
Pew File-Sharing Survey Gives a Voice to Artists The battle over digital copyrights and illegal file sharing is often portrayed as a struggle between Internet scofflaws and greedy corporations.
Web site pictures Photo iPod for holidays A Mac news site says iPods that display digital photos may be under Christmas trees this year.
Dell expands AC adapter recall About 4.4 million now under recall; firm says units can overheat, possibly causing fire or shock. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Dell Inc.
Four killed in Pakistan blast A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the city of Lahore, killing at least four people and injuring others, officials said.
Plumtree upgrades portal package Plumtree Software further extended its portal-based, Web applications building and management platform Monday, announcing upgrades to its Content and Collaboration servers, APIs for search and collaboration, and support and services for J2EE and .Net platforms.
Microsoft still hopes to settle with EC, exec says CANNES, FRANCE -- Microsoft Corp. still hopes to settle with the European Commission over the sanctions ordered against it to correct its anticompetitive behavior, even as its appeal of the case winds its way through the legal channels, a senior company executive said Monday.
Former CA chief Kumar appears Cannes technology show CANNES, FRANCE-- Former Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Sanjay Kumar made a surprise appearance at the Etre technology conference in Cannes on Monday, three weeks after his indictment for securities fraud and obstruction of justice.
SGI launches Linux-based visual computer line Silicon Graphics Inc. (SGI) on Monday will launch the successor line to its Onyx visualization systems. Called Prism, the systems will be based on Intel Corp.'s Itanium 2 processor and the Linux operating system.
Oracle-PeopleSoft battle is good for SAP, exec says CANNES, FRANCE-- Regardless of whether Oracle Corp. succeeds in its hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc., market leader SAP AG will be the one to reap the benefits, an executive for the German company said on Sunday.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Poles line up for shares Poles signed waiting lists Sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
Oil prices raise cost of gasoline LOS ANGELES - Gasoline prices have climbed nearly 8 cents a gallon in the last two weeks because of record-high crude oil prices, and they are likely to continue rising, an industry analyst said Sunday.
Three cleared in Rooney agent case Three men have been cleared of blackmailing Wayne Rooney #39;s former football agent after it emerged he had misled the court. John Hyland, Christopher Bacon and Anthony Bacon were on trial at Warrington Crown 
Johnson fights off pain, grabs league lead in receptions Bee Staff Writers. SAN FRANCISCO - As Eric Johnson drove to the stadium Sunday morning, his bruised ribs were so sore, he wasn #39;t sure he #39;d be able to suit up for the game.
Supreme Court stays Dalmiya #39;s election The Supreme Court has stayed the election and appointment of Jagmohan Dalmiya as Patron-in-Chief of the BCCI. The court has also stayed the appointment of Justice S Mohan as BCCI administrator and restored 
Burger king is hard act to swallow A TEENAGER has set a wacky new world record ... by stuffing more than three McDonald #39;s burgers into his mouth without swallowing.
When Beethoven plays, it #39;s time to take note of the BIOS Whether I #39;m on the Internet or not, there is a noise that comes out of my computer like a cat crying. That #39;s not a cat. It #39;s supposed to be Beethoven.
Plumtree upgrades portal package (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Plumtree Software further extended its portal-based, Web applications building and management platform Monday, announcing upgrades to its Content and Collaboration servers, APIs for search and collaboration, and support and services for J2EE and .Net platforms.
Partisan Arguing and Fine Print Seen as Hindering Medicare Law The Bush administration's efforts to carry out the first phase of the law have been plagued with difficulties.
Briefly: Novell to release Open Enterprise Server roundup Plus: Blizzard wins online game suit...CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing, expects...Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge.
Baghdad Rocket Attack Kills Two U.S. Soldiers Two American soldiers were killed and five injured Monday in a rocket attack in Baghdad. The military said the incident occurred in the southern part of the city but provided no other details.
DirecTV Reorganizes L. America Operations Satellite television broadcast company DirecTV Group Inc. said Monday that it plans to purchase stakes in Sky Brasil, Sky Mexico and Sky Multi-Country Partners from News Corp., Liberty Media Corp. and others for \$579 million in cash, as part of a reorganization of the company's Latin American operations.
Sun Alliance to move 1100 jobs to India Britains leading insurance firm Royal and Sun Alliance today announced it would shift 1,100 of its jobs to India, saving the company 18 million dollars annually.
Former MVP Caminiti Dies of Heart Attack at 41 (Reuters) Reuters - Former National League Most Valuable\Player Ken Caminiti, who in 2002 admitted he used steroids,\died of a heart attack in New York on Sunday, Major League\Baseball reported on its Web Site.
Ailing Henin-Hardenne Ends Season (AP) AP - Former No. 1 player Justine Henin-Hardenne ended her Monday season because of continued problems with an energy-sapping virus. The blood disorder weakened her since April although she won the singles gold medal at the Olympics.
Diebold Cuts Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Diebold Inc. , the leading\maker of automated teller machines, on Monday reduced its\third-quarter and full-year earnings forecasts as it absorbs\costs for recertifying its electronic voting machines in\California and for expenses related to a pending civil action\in that state.
Germany Cuts D.Telekom Stake  FRANKFURT/LONDON Oct 11 (Reuters) - Germany sold a 6.3  percent stake in phone operator Deutsche Telekom on Monday,  raising up to 4.5 billion euros (\$5.6 billion) to help it curb  a burgeoning budget deficit.
Google Update? Dont Panic! Google Update? Don't Panic!\\There has been a great deal of speculation about a shift coming in Google's ranking algorithms over the past few weeks. Several recent pieces of evidence point to a coming shift however it is very difficult to predict what, if anything will happen. It's pretty much a ...
AOL Building a Browser AOL Building a Browser\\Firefox seems to have reignited the browser war. First, Google made headlines when it got hold of the domain name GBrowser.com pointing towards a possible browser release from them. Now, reports are out on a possible standalone browser from the AOL stable to be simply called AOL ...
SunTrust Will Restate First and Second Quarter Earnings The company has placed chief credit officer Sandra W. Jansky and controller Jorge Arrieta on paid administrative leave until the review is completed.
SunTrust Puts Executives on Leave SunTrust Banks Inc. (STI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it put two senior finance executives on paid leave, and expects to restate first- and second-quarter 
Sainsbury #39;s Issues New Profits Warning Sainsburys showed further evidence it was suffering at the hands of price-cutting rivals today as it warned that first half profits would slump by nearly two-thirds.
C amp;C survives smoking ban Food and drinks firm C amp;C Group today said profits had risen 6 despite bad weather and the public smoking ban. C amp;C, formerly known as Cantrell  amp; Cochrane, said operating profits had increased to 64.
Stocks to Open Lower Stocks were headed for a mixed-to-lower opening on Monday after oil prices spiked to new record highs, raising fears that soaring energy costs could crimp corporate profits.
Poles Line Up to Buy Shares in Bank Poles signed waiting lists for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
IT #39;S NEVER TOO EARLY TO PLAN A PENSION and it has caught the government on the hop. Tony Blair will be told this week that a staggering 10 million pensioners could end up in chronic 
Sony: PSP will ship by year #39;s end Sony has once again reiterated its plan to ship PlayStation Portable (PSP) in Japan by the end of the year and in Europe and the US during Q1 2005.
Virus ends season for former number one BRUSSELS, Belgium Former top-ranked Justine Henin-Hardenne (EH #39;-nah ar-DEHN #39;) has ended her competitive tennis season because of an energy-draining virus.
49ers savor a bittersweet win STAFF WRITER. Peterson joined several fellow defensive starters on the sidelines: linebacker Derek Smith (leg), defensive end Andre Carter (back) and cornerback Mike Rumph (broken arm).
No room for errors for USC, Oklahoma So what now? USC and Oklahoma, having just survived their high-profile weekends, in the fast lanes to the Orange Bowl? Yes, USC has a relentless nature that wears opponents down -- outscoring 
As Nationwide Strike Begins Today... President of the Nigeria Labour Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, yesterday made his first public appearance after his arrest on Saturday by men of the State Security Service (SSS) and vowed that today #39;s nationwide strike would continue as scheduled.
Wacky Records Set In Eating Contest SINGAPORE -- Don Ezra Nicholas is proclaiming himself to be the Burger King -- even though he was stuffing McDonald #39;s hamburgers into his mouth.
New spec uses Web services to manage remote data center &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft, Sun and a trio of other leading hardware vendors today published the WS-Management specification, which spells out how data centers can use Web services 
Danish keeper Sorensen ruled out of Turkey match Aston Villa goalkeeper Thomas Sorensen has pulled out of Denmark #39;s squad for Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Turkey because of a back injury, the Danish football association (DBU) said on Monday.
Baghdad Rocket Attack Kills Two US Soldiers Two American soldiers were killed and five injured Monday in a rocket attack in Baghdad. The military said the incident occurred in the southern part of the city but provided no other details.
US Stocks Open Up as Oil Hits New High  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened slightly higher on  Monday ahead of a busy week of corporate earnings. Oil prices  climbed to new highs in London and New York.
Bosnian Serb War-Crimes Suspect Surrenders (AP) AP - A Bosnian Serb war-crimes suspect accused of genocide in the 1995 massacre of up to 8,000 Muslim men and boys surrendered Saturday, the government said.
Qanuni Says Candidates to Accept Afghan Election  KABUL (Reuters) - The chief rival to Afghan President Hamid  Karzai in last week's historic presidential election said on  Monday he and several other candidates had dropped a plan to  boycott the election process.
Crude Oil Prices Surge to New Highs The price of crude oil futures surged to new highs Monday despite assurances from Middle East oil producers that they were committed to bringing the price down as a strike began in Africa's largest exporter.
Mubarak Calls for U.N. Conference on Terror  ROME (Reuters) - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, in his  first public comments since bombs killed at least 32 people at  Red Sea resorts, said on Monday the world needed a  U.N.-sponsored conference to deal with international terrorism.
Turkey to Seek Changes in EU Commission Report  ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Monday it would seek  changes in the European Commission's report on its candidacy  before EU leaders meet on Dec. 17 to decide whether to open  entry talks with Ankara.
Bush camp in new attack on Kerry The Bush campaign runs a new attack ad against John Kerry, saying he fails to understand the war on terror.
London oil prices breach 50 US dollar level for first time Oil prices on the London market broke through the 50 US dollars per barrel level for the first time during Monday morning trading.
BCCI administrator Mohan reports to Madras High Court: Sports India, Cricket: Chennai, Oct 11 : Former Supreme Court judge S. Mohan, appointed interim administrator of the Indian cricket board by the Madras High Court, Monday reported to the court about his being locked out of the board #39;s office in Mumbai.
Editor #39;s note: Our scouts roll back the tape on Week 5 in the NFL: Michael Vick continues to look very uncomfortable in the West Coast offense. He is not natural in his movements and is trying to be the  quot;perfect quot; quarterback.
SunTrust Restates Profit, Postpones Earnings Report (Update4) SunTrust Banks Inc., the seventh- largest US bank, said it will restate results for the first and second quarters of this year because the company incorrectly calculated loan losses.
Tories unveil pensions crisis plan The Conservatives today unveiled an eight-point plan to  quot;restore our saving culture quot; ahead of the publication tomorrow of the government #39;s long-awaited Turner report on pensions.
Price wars in toyland: Part 2 Making toys is a fun business to be in and some toy manufacturers say they #39;re trying to keep it that way -- even if it means taking on the  quot;playground bully quot; Wal-Mart.
Stocks Open Up After Poor Jobs Report Stocks bobbed higher at Monday #39;s open after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.
Dell recalls laptop power adapters Dell and the US Consumer Product Safety Commission have issued a wide reaching recall of about 990,000 power adapters. The power adapters are being recalled because they can overheat and pose a risk of fire and electrical shock.
Keith Miller, last of the cavaliers, dead at 84 The dashing Keith Miller, aged 26, after making 188 for Victoria at the Adelaide Oval in 1946. Photo: File. Mere life was not enough to contain Keith Miller, who died yesterday, aged 84.
MLB: Former MVP Caminiti Dies Caminiti #39;s career spanned 15 years, during which he played with four different teams (Houston, San Diego, Texas, Atlanta) before retiring three years ago.
Troops to Iraq may be cut US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said yesterday the number of troops in Iraq could be cut after the January elections in that country.
Egypt urges troops for buffer zone Egypt wants to send troops into the demilitarised buffer zone along the border with Israel. The move is in response to last week #39;s triple suicide bombing targeting Israeli tourists in Sinai.
Jiang pushes increased China-France contacts in Shanghai, meets &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI, China - French President Jacques Chirac pushed for expanded economic and academic ties in Shanghai on Monday, speaking before students at a leading university and lunching with former Chinese leader Jiang Zemin.
Cambodia moves closer to electing new monarch as Senate passes key &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHNOM PENH: Cambodia has moved closer towards selecting a new monarch to replace abdicated King Norodom Sihanouk, with the country #39;s Senate approving a bill needed to appoint his successor.
Experts Urge Action as U.S. Lines Up for Flu Shots (Reuters) Reuters - Concerned health officials began\investigating what went wrong at a British vaccine plant where\half the U.S. flu shots were made, while Americans jostled for\now-scarce immunizations on Friday.
May restate Q1, Q2 net income NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - SunTrust Banks said Monday it expects to restate its first and second quarter 2004 earnings after finding accounting irregularities in the way it recorded loan loss allowances for some auto loans.
Diebold Cuts Forecasts on Legal Costs Diebold Inc., a maker of automated teller machines, on Monday cut its third-quarter and yearly profit views, citing legal and other costs from the controversy over security and certification of its electronic voting machines in California.
High LCD supplies pressured prices and cut into margins LG.Philips LCD said Monday its third-quarter net income dropped on year and fell short of forecasts, as high supplies led to lower prices of its liquid crystal display panels.
Around Asia #39;s Markets: Watching Southeast Asia take the lead Southeast Asia #39;s stock markets were among the world #39;s best performers as the fourth quarter began. Christopher Wood, the top Asia strategist in Institutional Investor #39;s fund-manager survey last year, is betting the gains are just starting.
ECB sees gradual recovery in eurozone area The European Central Bank (ECB) is confident of a continuing gradual recovery in the eurozone area despite rising oil prices, ECB president Jean-Claude Trichet said in an interview with French magazine L #39;Express on Monday.
Microsoft renews its push into TV with Windows XP Media Center Television has been something of a great white whale for Microsoft. The company has tried to sell WebTV and build software for TVs and cable boxes.
The IT security vuln league table of fear A list of the worst 20 security vulnerabilities bedevilling Windows and *Nix systems was unveiled last Friday by the SANS (SysAdmin, Audit, Network, Security) Institute.
Mars rovers getting old, but they keep on rolling NEW YORK Aging but still on the go, climbing in and around craters, tapping into the mysteries of strangely cracked rocks, the two roving vehicles Spirit and Opportunity have explored Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled and keep finding 
Socceroos #39; Kewell edge SOCCEROOS coach Frank Farina believes the return of Harry Kewell has re-invigorated his side for tonight #39;s dead rubber with the Solomon Islands.
Davenport Could Steal No. 1 Ranking This Week at WTA Moscow Five of the Top 6-ranked players on the WTA Tour compete this week at the Tier I stop in Moscow, though that could change with the possible withdrawal of top seed Amelie Mauresmo, who sustained a muscle pull in her leg Sunday, forcing her to pull from the 
Fatigue from virus still dogging former No. 1 BRUSSELS, Belgium -- Former No. 1 player Justine Henin-Hardenne ended her season Monday because of continued problems with an energy-sapping virus.
Former NL MVP Ken Caminiti Dead at 41 Former National League Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti died of a heart attack at age 41 in New York, the New York Times reported Monday.
SC stays appointment of Mohan as interim administrator of BCCI : Sports India  gt; New Delhi, Oct 11 : The Supreme Court today stayed the Madras High Court order appointing Justice (retd) S Mohan as the Interim Administrator of BCCI.
Scotland captain Ferguson doubtful for Moldova qualifier Scotland captain Barry Ferguson and defender Russell Anderson missed training on Monday and are struggling to be fit for the World Cup qualifier in Moldova.
DNA Pioneer Defends Stem Cell Research (AP) AP - Nobel laureate James Watson, the co-discoverer of the structure of DNA, on Monday defended stem cell research, saying researchers must be able to search for ways to improve quality of life despite the field's uncertainties.
South Africa to Take Pulse of Its Environment (Reuters) Reuters - They may share a\border but South Africa's Kruger National Park and the copper\mines around the town of Phalaborwa are worlds apart.
Bangladesh Sees Tiger Numbers Up in Mangrove Swamps (Reuters) Reuters - The number of tigers in Bangladesh's\mangrove swamps has risen by more than 50 to 419 in the last\decade, thanks to the government's steps to save the endangered\species, the Environment and Forest Minister said on Saturday.
EU Lifts Arms Embargo on Libya  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union foreign ministers  agreed to lift an arms embargo on Libya on Monday, recognizing  Tripoli's renunciation of weapons of mass destruction and its  wish to move closer to the bloc.
Hague Prosecutor 'Set Warcrimes Test' for Serbia  BELGRADE (Reuters) - The handover of a Bosnian Serb war  crimes suspect to The Hague at the weekend was a deliberate  cooperation test for Serbia arranged by U.N. chief prosecutor  Carla del Ponte, Belgrade radio reported on Monday.
Cambodian Royal Succession Clears Last Legal Hurdle  PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia's efforts to choose a  successor to King Norodom Sihanouk after his surprise  abdication cleared a last legal hurdle on Monday when the  country's top constitutional body ruled the process valid.
Call for global action on spam More international co-operation is needed if spam is to be stopped, a conference is told.
Stocks Open Up After Poor Jobs Report Stocks bobbed higher Monday morning after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.
Flat screen prices hurt LG.Philips LG.Philips LCD Co. Ltd. reported a worse-than-expected 15 percent drop in quarterly profits on tumbling flat-screen prices and warned a global supply surplus could push prices down by a further third.
Asset-manager Gabelli subpoenaed by SEC NEW YORK -- Gabelli Asset Management Inc., run by star money manager Mario Gabelli, received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission related to its investigation of improper fund-share trading, the firm said in a regulatory filing.
The Great Write-In Vote Protest That Never Was What if, on election day, you wrote in your presidential vote? I'm not trying to persuade you to vote for one or the other, or even for a third party. It's not a trick, My real name isn't George M. Bush, and I'm not going to go to court and claim you were really voting for me. Just write it in. Make a statement that you vote for whom you choose and that it has nothing to do with whichever they feel like printing on the ballot.
New X prize sets sights on science, technology and social &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The X Prize Foundation and the World Technology Network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation 
Gallacher lives up to uncle #39;s legacy There are hundreds of wannabe Hollywood star names who could attest to it. That is, inheriting a famous name does not always mean that the path to global acclaim will be easy.
MEN AGAINST BOYOS IT DOESN #39;T matter if it was his goal or not. As far as Michael Owen was concerned, there were no doubts, just a surge in self-belief as he reclaimed the crown that had been slipping.
SC stays appointments of Mohan, Dalmiya NEW DELHI: In an attempt to create a level playing field for smooth administration of cricket in India, the Supreme Court on Monday stayed the Madras high court order appointing a former SC judge S Mohan as administrator of the Board of Control for 
Terror Bombings Hit Egypt A total of 32 people were killed in Thursday night #39;s (Oct 7) terror attacks on two Sinai holiday resorts frequented by Israelis: 29 at the Taba Hilton and three at Ras a-Satan.
Nigeria tackles fuel subsidies Subsidising cheap fuel costs the government in Abuja more than \$2bn (1.25bn) a year - and President Olusegun Obasanjo has spent much of his second term in power trying to get rid of that subsidy.
Over a dozen detained after suicide bomb attack on Pakistan mosque LAHORE, Pakistan - Pakistani police have detained more than a dozen people after a suicide bomber attacked a Shiite Muslim mosque in eastern city Lahore killing three people plus himself, a security official said Monday.
EU Lifts Sanctions Against Libya The European Union on Monday ended 11 years of sanctions against Libya and eased an arms embargo to reward the North African country for giving up plans to develop weapons of mass destruction.
Shaun #39;s ready The Manchester City flier is hoping to win his second cap in Azerbaijan on Wednesday night while the injured and suspended England skipper is forced to sit the game out.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The Houston Astros have never won a playoff series in franchise history. Winners of 13 straight division titles, the Atlanta Braves are also hoping to break a Division Series jinx.
DirecTV Consolidates LatAm Satellite Ops (Reuters) Reuters - DirecTV Group  the largest U.S.\satellite television service, will buy its controlling\shareholder News Corp Ltd.'s  stakes in Sky Latin\America for  #36;579 million and combine its operations with\DirecTV Latin America, the companies said on Monday.
Kerry saddened at death of 'Superman' Christopher Reeve (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential candidate Senator John Kerry hailed actor Christopher Reeve  quot;America's hero, quot; and vowed to keep up the campaign for stem cell research championed by the man known best as  quot;Superman. quot;
DirecTV Consolidates LatAm Satellite Ops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - DirecTV Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DTV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DTV.N&lt;/A&gt; the largest U.S.  satellite television service, will buy its controlling  shareholder News Corp Ltd.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NCP.AX target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NCP.AX&lt;/A&gt; stakes in Sky Latin  America for \$579 million and combine its operations with  DirecTV Latin America, the companies said on Monday.
Dollar Up Vs Euro; Yen Lifted; Trade Thin  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose against the euro in  thin trading on Monday as investors took profits on the single  European currency, which gained on Friday after a surprisingly  weaker U.S. employment report.
Yukos Ordered to Pay Portion of Tax Claim The Moscow Arbitration Court ruled Monday that the embattled oil giant Yukos must pay some \$1.4 billion in fines and penalties as part of a \$4.1 billion back-tax claim for 2001, the Interfax news agency reported.
Only Weeks Left to End N.Irish Deadlock -McGuinness  BELFAST (Reuters) - Northern Ireland's bitterly divided  politicians have only a few weeks left to agree a new peace  settlement for the province, a leading member of the Irish  Republican Army's political ally Sinn Fein said on Monday.
FTC files suit against alleged spyware distributor The US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has filed a legal complaint against two companies that allegedly infected computers with spyware and pop-up advertising, then tried to sell spyware-blocking software.
Maxime Faget, Mercury Spacecraft Designer, Dead at 83 Maxime Faget conceived and proposed the development of the one-man spacecraft used in Project Mercury, which put the first American astronauts into suborbital flight, then orbital flight 
Vodafone UK launches SMS-from-PC software Mobile operator Vodafone UK has launched Vodafone Text Centre, a service that allows users to send and receive text messages from PCs.
IBM upgrades blade servers IBM will soon begin shipping upgraded models of its HS20 and JS20 blade servers, including a new SCSI option for the HS20 that will double the number of SCSI blades that users can fit into a single chassis.
Siemens adds Flash-OFDM to broadband wireless family German engineering and manufacturing company Siemens will add more broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high-speed wireless systems slated for delivery early next year.
Rangers #39; Moore out two months Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers defender Craig Moore is expected to be out eight weeks as he will have hernia surgery Monday.
Australian star Kewell back to face Solomons in Oceania final The news got worse for the Solomon Islands when it was confirmed Australia #39;s leading player Harry Kewell was passed fit to play in the second leg of the Oceania Nations Cup final.
Tributes flow for Keith Miller Tributes have continued to flow for Australian all-rounder Keith Miller, who died at the age of 84. Cricket Victoria #39;s Kevin Jacobs says Miller was admired around the world.
Eriksson seems to have strength in depth in all positions England are sitting pretty and well on the way to World Cup qualification after beating Wales - and with the added bonus of new options opening up for Sven-Goran Eriksson all the time.
Gibernau, Rossi right behind Tamada KUALA LUMPUR -- Japan #39;s Makoto Tamada took provisional pole position for Sunday #39;s Malaysian Grand Prix after lapping inside the track record in Friday #39;s first qualifying.
Dodgers Season Comes To End LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers lost their pennant hopes Sunday, with a 6-2 National League Division Series loss to the St.
Monster Says It Could Enter Japan by Mid-2005 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Internet job search company\Monster Worldwide Inc.  could enter the Japanese market\next year as strength in its European businesses allows it to\look further afield, the company's founder said on Monday.
Polycom targets high-quality desktop conferencing (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Conferencing and collaboration equipment provider Polycom on Monday announced a series of offerings designed to bring business-quality conferencing features to personal desktops. The products follow up on a collaborative agreement struck with Microsoft earlier this year to develop rich media services.
FTC Sues Alleged Spyware Distributors (PC World) PC World - Companies are accused of infecting PCs, and then selling spyware-blocking software.
Finnish Watchdog Raps TV Game Operators  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland's consumer watchdog said on  Monday it had reprimanded broadcasters for causing children to  run up huge mobile phone bills with interactive television game  and chat programs.
All Political Roads Lead to Florida's I-4 Corridor (Reuters) Reuters - Every day, an army of campaigners\fans out across central Florida's "I-4 corridor" in search of\suburban moms, transplanted Puerto Ricans, teenagers and any\other potential voter wavering between John Kerry and George W.\Bush.
Polycom targets high-quality desktop conferencing Conferencing and collaboration equipment provider Polycom on Monday announced a series of offerings designed to bring business-quality conferencing features to personal desktops. The products follow up on a collaborative agreement struck with Microsoft earlier this year to develop rich media services.
Government, Microsoft haggle over documentation Microsoft Corp. is behind schedule in complying with a court order to document its proprietary communications protocols, according to U.S. authorities monitoring its behavior. It also plans to release the documents in a file format that cannot be annotated, and can only be used with Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser, they said in a report published Friday.
Parker Hannifin completes Sporlan Valve acquisition Cleveland-based Parker Hannifin Corp. has completed its acquisition of Sporlan Valve of Washington, Mo., the companies said Monday.
Arbitration court rejects YUKOS statement challenging judge MOSCOW, October 11 (Itar-Tass) -- Moscows Arbitration Court on Monday rejected the oil major YUKOS statement challenging the judge who is hearing the Tax Ministrys 40.
Update 3: Oil Prices Rise As Nigeria Strike Starts Oil futures prices rose slightly Monday despite assurances from Middle East countries that they were committed to keeping the market well supplied as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter of crude.
Poles Line Up for Shares in Bank Poles signed waiting lists Sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
Vector lights up at AGL #39;s NGC sale TROUBLED New Zealand electricity distributor Vector has agreed to buy Australian Gas Light #39;s 66.05 per cent stake in New Zealand gas pipelines operator NGC Holdings.
Computer Sciences Wins \$1.35 Bln Ascension Contract (Update1) Computer Sciences Corp. won a \$1.35 billion contract to manage phone and computer networks for Ascension Health, the biggest US nonprofit health care system.
US takes first steps to shut down spyware peddler The Federal Trade Commission has taken the first step to crack down on the wave of spyware that is being installed on user #39;s machines without their knowledge.
General Wireless #39; Technology Opens up New Ways for PC Users to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; STOCKHOLM, Sweden, October 11 /PRNewswire/ -- Following an agreement between Vodafone UK, Starhome and General Wireless, Vodafone #39;s business customers can now send and receive text messages (SMS) in their MS-Outlook and Lotus Notes.
Siemens To Develop Pre-802.20 Wireless Broadband Products Siemens Communications said Friday that it will develop wireless broadband products using FLASH-OFDM technology from Flarion Technologies.
Nintendo DS to go wireless NINTENDO will defend its dominance of the portable games market with the launch of the wireless Nintendo DS, a handheld double-screen console, the video game maker says.
Dell, Intel, Microsoft Launch Web Services Standard Web Services Management supports a full spectrum of usage models, including the management of everything from silicon components and handheld devices to PCs, servers and large-scale data centers.
Wireless Data In A Flash The technology promises download speeds of 1 to 1.5 MB per second, reaching peaks of up to 3.2 MBps. So far, Cisco, IBM and Nortel, all major sources of equipment to telecom service providers worldwide, have 
Kewell named in squad THE second leg is a dead rubber, but Frank Farina has refused to ease off naming an even stronger Socceroos side, including Harry Kewell, for tonight #39;s match against the Solomon Islands.
Comeback part of Braves #39; makeup The Atlanta Braves don #39;t have the dominating pitching or explosive hitting of previous years, but they do have a penchant for scratching out wins, as they did Sunday, beating 
ADAMS QUITS AS FOXES BOSS He walked out on the Foxes despite the club #39;s efforts to persuade him to stay. Director of football Dave Bassett has been placed in temporary charge of team affairs while the club consider their next move.
CORRECTED: Manila Says Abu Sayyaf Bomb Caused Ferry Sinking A bomb planted by the Muslim militant group Abu Sayyaf led to the sinking of a Philippine ferry and the death of more than 100 people in February, the government said on Monday.
Planting for Nobel peace The question comes up every year: Does the Nobel Peace Prize matter? This year #39;s winner, Wangari Maathai of Kenya, is living proof the 103-year-old prize is an honour some people richly deserve.
Lithuania Poll Won by Russia-Born Millionaire #39;s Party (Update2) Lithuania #39;s Labor Party, led by Russian-born millionaire Viktor Uspaskich, won a general election after promising to boost social welfare in the Baltic nation that joined the European Union in May.
FTC Sues Alleged Spyware Distributors Companies are accused of infecting PCs, and then selling spyware-blocking software.
Singh Drawn Against Langer in World Match Play Opener  LONDON (Reuters) - World number one Vijay Singh faces a  first-round encounter with victorious European Ryder Cup  captain Bernhard Langer in the World Match Play Championship at  Wentworth Thursday.
MPAA Revives P-to-P Lawsuit Group is asking the Supreme Court to overturn decision in favor of file-swapping networks.
Pressure Grows for CONCACAF World Cup Hopefuls  RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Guatemala coach Ramon Maradiaga  believes his players were too individualistic in Saturday's 5-0  drubbing by Costa Rica and urged them not to repeat their  mistakes in Wednesday's qualifier against Honduras.
Shi'ite Fighters Hand Over Arms for Cash in Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A Shi'ite militia disarmament plan that  could end weeks of fighting in Baghdad got slowly under way on  Monday as Iraq's interim government pursued peace talks with  the rebel-held Sunni Muslim city of Falluja.
Royal  amp; Sun moves 1,100 jobs to India Royal  amp; Sun Alliance, the UK #39;s second biggest insurer, today incurred the wrath of unions by announcing plans to move more than 1,000 jobs to India.
NatFoods makes its pitch for SPC PERENNIAL takeover target and suitor National Foods has identified SPC Ardmona as a merger partner in a deal that would add packaged fruit to its own dairy operations and build a major Australian food company.
Parker Hannifin Closes Sporlan Buy Parker Hannifin Corp., a maker of motion-control equipment, said Monday it completed its acquisition of refrigeration and air conditioning company Sporlan Valve Co.
Hackers use old tricks to sting business More than half of the latest vulnerabilities to IT systems are commonly identified loopholes that organisations have failed to fix, since discovering them last year.
OPEC Producers Vow To Raise Oil Production Saudi Arabia #39;s Oil Minister Ali Naimi said the kingdom has raised its capacity to 11 million barrels per day. Kuwait #39;s Oil Minister Sheikh Ahmad Fahad Al Sabah called on OPEC 
9:31 am: Senate reaches agreement to allow votes on corporate tax &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US Senate, after a weekend of behind-the-scenes negotiations, struck a deal to allow passage of a sweeping bill to provide \$136 billion (?110 billion) in corporate 
Blair: Don #39;t write people off at 65 The Prime Minister has waded into the pensions crisis by calling for people not to be  quot;written off quot; at the age of 65. He was speaking ahead of a long-awaited official report which is expected to show a multi 
Court orders Yukos to pay part of 2001 tax claim MOSCOW The Russian oil company Yukos will have to pay a heavy price for not paying its taxes on time. The Moscow Arbitration Court ruled today it must pay some one-point-four (b) billion dollars in fines and 
FTC Goes After Spyware Operations The FTC has taken legal action in an effort to shut down Seismic Entertainment Productions and SmartBot.Net -- two companies that have become notorious as distributors of spyware.
Equestrian gold medallist denies cheating Irish show jumper Cian O #39;Connor says he is not a cheat after it emerged that a second horse owned and ridden by the Olympic gold medallist tested positive in a drugs test.
Lions hand Falcons first loss CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Joey Harrington threw for a touchdown and Artose Pinner ran for another as the Detroit Lions upset Atlanta 17-10 at the Georgia Dome.
Argonauts aim to tame Lions CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Quarterback Michael Bishop has helped keep the Toronto Argonauts entrenched in second place in the CFL #39;s East Division, but his hold on the starting job likely is about to expire.
EU Agrees to Lift Sanctions on Libya The vote by EU foreign ministers in Brussels Monday came after lobbying by Italy to lift the ban, so Libya can strengthen its borders against illegal immigration.
SuperFerry sinking a terrorist attack A bomb probably planted by the Abu Sayyaf caused the fire that sank the SuperFerry 14 and killed over 100 people last Feb. 27 in what could have been the countrys worst terrorist attack 
Iraq Militants Behead Turk, Iraqi -Jazeera TV (Reuters) Reuters - An Islamic militant group said it had\beheaded a Turkish contractor and his Iraqi translator in Iraq\for working with U.S. forces there, Al Jazeera television\reported on Monday.
Romanians Pitch Rumsfeld on Base Location (AP) AP - One day after visiting Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld toured a spruced-up military base here Monday and heard a Romanian government sales pitch for making it a new American outpost within easy reach of potential hot spots in the Middle East and Central Asia.
Canoe Capsizes in East Congo, Killing 23 (AP) AP - Rescue crews were searching for survivors Monday after a large wooden canoe capsized on a lake in eastern Congo, killing at least 23 people, a spokesman for the U.N. peacekeeping force said.
Iraq group beheads Turkish contractor, Kurdish translator: website (AFP) AFP - An Al-Qaeda-linked group said it had beheaded a Turkish contractor and an Iraqi Kurd who worked with US forces in Iraq, in statements posted on an Islamist website and a video showing the killings.
Cheney: New Jersey 'Moving Toward' GOP (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney hammered away at familiar themes in a visit to New Jersey Monday, portraying Democrat Sen. John Kerry as indecisive in a speech to a couple of thousand Republican faithful.
The Perils of Pensions Guaranteed pension benefits hang like the Sword of Damocles over corporate earnings.
Insurance giant to  #39;export #39; 1,100 jobs to India One of the country #39;s biggest insurance firms today announced plans to transfer more than 1,100 jobs to India over the next few years, sparking fears of a  quot;crisis quot; in the UK.
Vendor hit with costs for recertifying electronic voting machines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OCTOBER 11, 2004 (REUTERS) - NEW YORK -- Diebold Inc., the leading maker of automated teller machines, today reduced its third-quarter and full-year earnings forecasts as it absorbs costs for recertifying its electronic voting machines in California and 
MAKING PEPTIDES ON EARLY EARTH Whether formed on Earth or brought here by meteorites, -amino acids are widely assumed to have been present in the prebiotic chemical soup.
Yanks #39; Rivera Intends to Be Back for ALCS PANAMA CITY, Panama -- A grieving Mariano Rivera returned to Panama after two family members were electrocuted in his pool, but the star reliever intends to be in New York when the Yankees open their playoff series with the Boston Red Sox.
EU decides to lift arms embargo on Libya The foreign ministers #39; meeting of the European Union (EU) decided in Luxembourg Monday to lift the arms ban against Libya, which the bloc imposed 18 years ago.
FTC swoops on spyware bloke SPYWARE COMPANY executive Sanford Wallace and his two companies, Seismic Entertainment Productions and SmartBot.Net will be the first to have the dubious honour of being charged by the FTC.
Lampard warning for tricky #39; quest FRANK LAMPARD has warned England they need to be  quot;spot on quot; in terms of their approach to avoid a potential banana skin in Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier in Azerbaijan.
Shiite Militia Fighters Start Turning in Weapons in Baghdad Followers of radical cleric Moqtada Sadr trickled in to police stations in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district to hand in weapons today under a deal seen as a key step toward ending weeks of fighting with US and Iraqi forces in the Shiite militant stronghold.
Sharon sets date for Gaza pull-out debate Ariel Sharon, the Israeli Prime Minister, has said he will put his Gaza settlement withdrawal plan before parliament at the end of the month.
Car bomb blast hits US convoy in Mosul A car bomb exploded at a US military convoy in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, causing several casualties, the army and Iraqi officials said.
7-Eleven Adopting Wireless Technology (AP) AP - Sherry Neal checked the refrigerated shelves of her 7-Eleven store, touched the screen of a small handheld computer and got an instant four-week sales history on turkey sandwiches.
Product Previews (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - F5 bolsters firewall family\The latest additions to F5 Networks #8217; lineup are two new security products announced Monday that are designed for enterprise networks. FirePass 4100 is the latest version of F5 #8217;s firewall product line designed to provide secure remote access to corporate applications and data using a standard Web browser. The firewall secures Web-based remote access to corporate applications and desktops. TrafficShield 4100 is a Web application firewall designed for the application layer of networks that enforces granular security policies to protect Web applications, as well as database information from both random and targeted application security attacks. Prices for FirePass begin at  #36;24,990 for 100 concurrent users, and TrafficShield prices begin at  #36;39,990. FirePass 4100 and TrafficShield 4100 are available this week.\FirePass 4100, TrafficShield 4100, F5 Networks
Monarch Butterflies Go Missing in Vt. (AP) AP - Experts say few migrating monarch butterflies are being spotted in Vermont this year where once they were common autumn sights.
Sea Turtle Population Still Declining (AP) AP - Despite a federal rule changing the type of hooks that longline fishermen may use, the sea turtle population is declining, officials say.
Namibia Loses Ivory Export Bid at CITES Meeting (Reuters) Reuters - Namibia lost a bid on Monday for\permission to export 4,400 pounds of ivory annually at a United
Kenya Withdraws Lion Protection Plan at CITES (Reuters) Reuters - Kenya withdrew Monday a proposal to\give lions more protection by clamping a lid on global trade in\the big cat and its body parts, deferring to suggestions to\give the matter more study.
Yukos suffers further tax setback Russian oil and gas company Yukos has suffered another setback in its battle to avoid paying billions of dollars in back taxes and avoid bankruptcy.
Boeing: Pact Battle Not Linked to Vote Boeing Co. #39;s chief executive on Monday said his call for Washington to end a pact with Europe on aircraft development funding was not aimed at garnering political support ahead of the US presidential election.
Airline crisis imperils pension insurer Financial problems in the airline industry are imperiling the federal fund that backs pension plans for 44 million Americans. Two senior government officials have delivered that 
National Foods in SPC takeover talks MELBOURNE - Australian dairy group National Foods says it is in talks to take over food processing company SPC Ardmona, which has a market value of A\$380 million (\$408 million).
Abbott to Buy Nutrition Company EAS Medical products company Abbott Laboratories said Monday it agreed to buy nutrition products company EAS Inc. in a cash-for-stock deal worth about \$320 million.
Maverick Increases 3Q Earnings Outlook Maverick Tube Corp., a maker of welded tubular steel products, on Monday said it expects to exceed previously announced third-quarter earnings guidance of \$1.
Dell recalls nearly a million laptop AC adapters Washington, DC - If you own a Dell laptop, you might want to check out the type of AC adapter that it uses. That is because the company has decided to recall nearly a million AC adapters because of a potential fire and electrical shock hazard.
Vodafone UK Debuts SMS-from-PC Software Vodafone #39;s new Text Centre service allows users to send text messages from PCs, just like sending an e-mail. Text messages can be sent to a single recipient or to a broader list, and the sender 
Top 20 Security Flaws Revealed Although companies need to protect against the flaws, many of the related information security risks and costs could be removed if businesses forced vendors to test systems before rollout, according 
Novell sets Open Enterprise Server release With most organizations that planned to move already moved to Microsoft Server 2003, OS migration has dropped to the bottom ranks after making its mark on IT Professional #39;s top five priority last year.
Dell Lowers DJ Price, Takes On Apple iPod Dell has slashed the price of its 15-GB Dell DJ to \$149, down from its normal list price of \$199, and \$100 less than the price of Apple #39;s iPod mini.
IT Heavyweights Drive New Web-Services Spec AMD, Dell, Intel, Microsoft and Sun Microsystems have joined forces on Web Services Management, a new specification that promises to simplify systems management.
As Sun Settles Kodak #39;s Java Patents Suit, What #39;s Microsoft &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Right before what promised to be a seven-day trial to decide whether it would have to pay Eastman Kodak a possible \$3 billion for trespassing on three of its patents, Sun decided to settle out-of-court and pay Kodak \$92 million in cash to get out from 
AOL Working on Standalone Browser; Fate of Mac Version Unknown America Online, Inc. is reported to be developing a Web browser based on Microsoft Internet Explorer technology. It is not known when the browser will be released 
Aussie rookie hits jackpot ANDRE Stolz took the giant step from struggling rookie to season millionaire with a future secured by a two-year exemption when he won the US PGA Tour #39;s Michelin Championship in Las Vegas yesterday.
Mauresmo Withdraws From Kremlin Cup Amelie Mauresmo from France touches her taped leg in the final against Lindsay Davenport of the US at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix at Filderstadt near Stuttgart, southwestern Germany, Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004.
Safin survives first-round scare in Moscow Top seed Marat Safin survived a first-round scare before prevailing over his doubles partner Max Mirnyi 6-7 7-6 7-6 in the Kremlin Cup on Monday.
Manchester United shares rise on report duo may sell Shares in Manchester United Plc rose 3.1 percent after a newspaper report yesterday said the soccer club #39;s two biggest investors may sell their stake to billionaire Malcolm Glazer for 310 pence (\$5.
 #39;Tremendous cricketer and a good bloke #39; RICHIE BENAUD, the man regarded by a generation of television watchers as the doyen of Australian cricket, best summed up what Keith Miller meant to the game in Australia.
Pats are now bully in rivalry Late in the third quarter, Dolphins tight end Randy McMichael flinched, and Patriots linebacker Rosevelt Colvin pushed him to the Gillette Stadium turf.
Vick, Falcons thrown to the Lions For all the highlights he #39;s provided in a 33-game career, Michael Vick reminded the Atlanta Falcons that he can lay an occasional egg, too.
Vector share float looms Vector #39;s \$1.3 billion bid for NGC promises a public offering of shares in a new local energy giant within 12 months. Vector put up \$3 a share to win the bidding war for the 66 per cent stake in NGC owned by Australian Gas Light (AGL).
FTC Sues Alleged Spyware Distributors The US Federal Trade Commission last week filed a legal complaint against two companies that allegedly infected computers with spyware and pop-up advertising, then tried to sell their owners spyware-blocking software.
Scotland, Vogts in hot water Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Scotland coach Berti Vogts #39; concerns mounted Monday as he learned captain Barry Ferguson and defender Russell Anderson remained questionable for Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier at Moldova.
Blue-eyed boy like that elegant strike against Wales on Saturday - he has a tempestuous streak running through that hot head of his. A streak of recklessness which - once again - has landed him in trouble.
Nickelodeon Expands Beyond Its TV Roots (Reuters) Reuters - Nickelodeon, the Viacom Inc.\childrens' cable network known for Dora the Explorer and Blue's\Clues, said it will test a new strategy with video games, a\clothing line and baby videos that are not tied to its popular\television shows,
Honour guard greets body of Lieut. Saunders HALIFAX - Family members, politicians and military brass held a ceremony for Lieut. Chris Saunders in Halifax Sunday afternoon, after the submariner #39;s body arrived from Ireland.
Sharon Vows Parliament Vote on Gaza Plan on Oct. 25 Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25, despite persistent violence in the coastal strip 
PA: It #39;s  #39;peculiar #39; Israel didn #39;t inform us of Sinai warnings Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat on Monday hinted that Israel was behind the suicide attacks in Sinai and said the PA was holding contacts with the Egyptian government on the issue.
Oracle May Drop Its PeopleSoft Bid Lower (AP) AP - Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. could drop by one-third to one-fourth, Oracle co-president Safra Catz said Monday.
Grandmother saves man from crocodile A 60-year-old women has become an unlikely Australian hero after jumping on the back of a 4m-long crocodile when it attacked a man asleep in a tent.
Brazilian Industrial Output Goes Up (AP) AP - Brazil's industrial output grew 1.1 percent in August compared to July, the sixth straight month-to-month rise as the economy gathers steam following a recession last year and a slow start in 2004.
Web Site Shows Two Beheadings in Iraq (AP) AP - An Islamist Web site on Monday showed the beheading of two hostages  #151; one a Kurdish translator and the other a Turkish contractor wearing a badge of the Titan security company.
EU Ends Libya Sanctions Despite Bulgaria Worries (Reuters) Reuters - EU foreign ministers agreed to lift\an arms embargo on Libya on Monday, despite fears for Bulgarian\and Palestinian medical workers sentenced to death there, but\imposed a visa ban on senior officials from Myanmar.
US Stocks Hold Small Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose slightly on Monday,  as optimism that corporate earnings reports this week may come  in better than expected lent support, but record crude oil  prices reined in the advances.
DirecTV Consolidates LatAm Satellite Ops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NCP.AX target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NCP.AX&lt;/A&gt; will sell its stake in Sky Latin America to DirecTV  Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DTV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DTV.N&lt;/A&gt;, another company which it controls, for \$579  million in order to consolidate operations of the two satellite  broadcasters, the companies said on Monday.
Congress Sends Bush Corporate Tax Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate easily gave final  congressional approval on Monday to a huge corporate tax bill  that aims to end a trade fight with the European Union by  repealing U.S. export tax subsidies that violate global trade  rules.
Diebold Cuts Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Diebold Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DBD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DBD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the leading  maker of automated teller machines, on Monday warned that  third-quarter and full-year profits will fall below  expectations due to problems at its electronic voting machine  business.
CSC inks \$1.35 billion deal The tech consultant signs a 10-year contract to manage Ascension Health's IT infrastructure.
Corporate Tax Measure Passes Senate The Senate passed a far-reaching, \$136 billion corporate tax package Monday that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow and arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing U.S. exporters in line with international trade rules.
Yukos suffers further tax setback Russian oil giant Yukos suffers another blow in its tax battle after a Moscow court rules it must pay \$1.4bn (778m) in fines.
Norway and US share Nobel prize Finn Kydland and Edward Prescott have won the Nobel prize for economics for their work in showing how business cycles affect international trade.
Moscow children to wear dog tags Moscow schoolchildren are to wear army-style dog tags as Russia tightens security after the Beslan school siege.
Senate Approves Corporate Tax Bill The bill's tax breaks, while worth about \$140 billion over 10 years, is also designed save that much by closing shelters and raising customs fees.
When a MetroCard Led Far Out of Town Foreign-born New Yorkers who plead guilty to misdemeanors are increasingly being turned over to immigration authorities for deportation.
DirecTV Consolidates LatAm Satellite Ops &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd.&lt;NCP.AX&gt; will sell its stake in Sky Latin America to DirecTVGroup &lt;DTV.N&gt;, another company which it controls, for \$579million in order to consolidate operations of the two satellitebroadcasters, the companies said on Monday.&lt;/p&gt;
Product Previews F5 bolsters firewall family\The latest additions to F5 Networks lineup are two new security products announced Monday that are designed for enterprise networks. FirePass 4100 is the latest version of F5s firewall product line designed to provide secure remote access to corporate applications and data using a standard Web browser. The firewall secures Web-based remote access to corporate applications and desktops. TrafficShield 4100 is a Web application firewall designed for the application layer of networks that enforces granular security policies to protect Web applications, as well as database information from both random and targeted application security attacks. Prices for FirePass begin at \$24,990 for 100 concurrent users, and TrafficShield prices begin at \$39,990. FirePass 4100 and TrafficShield 4100 are available this week.\FirePass 4100, TrafficShield 4100, F5 Networks
Abbott acquires nutrition firm EAS for 320 million dollars NORTH CHICAGO, Ill. Abbott Laboratories has agreed to buy Colorado-based nutrition firm EAS for 320 (m) million dollars. The deal expands Abbott #39;s growing stable of nutritional products.
A Truce in the Toy Wars? It looks like Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) may deliver some uncharacteristic slack to some of its competitors. USA Today reported that the discounter giant doesn #39;t plan such deep price cuts on toys this year.
Honda #39;s Perpetual Motion Machines There #39;s something to be said for being the  quot;first mover quot; in an industry trend. Those years of extra experience in tinkering with a new idea can be invaluable in helping the first 
Tata signs IT deal with Ferrari Tata Consultancy Services of India has signed a deal to provide information technology to famous Italian Formula One racing team Ferrari.
Sun #39;s Kodak moment: Patent suit settled out of court Sun Microsystems has agreed to pay Eastman Kodak \$92 million to settle an intellectual property dispute between the two companies, Sun disclosed last week.
Patriots #39; careful decision to sign RB Dillon has already paid off FOXBORO, Mass. -- The Patriots knew a day like this would come. The passing game would be taken away, almost totally, and they #39;d need a workhorse back to win the game for them.
Oil boils above \$53 a barrel SINGAPORE: Oil prices stayed on the boil above \$53 a barrel on Monday, bolstered by persistent anxiety over Opec member Nigeria and the nearly month-long loss of a quarter of US Gulf of Mexico production, traders said.
Computer Sciences Gets 10-Year Contract Technology consultant Computer Sciences Corp. on Monday said it received a 10-year, \$1.35 billion contract to manage technology services for Ascension Health, one of the nation #39;s largest nonprofit health systems.
Australia #39;s Westfield, Multiplex join in new offer for Britain #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY: Australian shopping center giant Westfield is teaming up with property group Multiplex and Aldersgate Investments to make a cash offer for Duelguide, the company which owns British developer Chelsfield.
Nigerian Unions Launch Strike But Oil Exports Flow Unions began a four-day strike against rising fuel prices in Nigeria on Monday, helping drive world oil prices to record highs even though shipments from Africa #39;s top producer were unaffected.
Traditional schedule for Tempe High TEMPE - For the first time in 10 years, students on all campuses in the Tempe Union High School District will be on the same calendar starting next fall.
Gift card may not be free to use Gift cards are the perfect gift - they always fit and never cost a fortune to send, right? But consumer advocates are cautioning that we need to be slightly more careful when it comes to such gifts.
Pressure Building on U.S. Over WWII Suit (AP) AP - Bipartisan political pressure is building for the Bush administration to settle a lawsuit by Hungarian Jews who claim the United States plundered family riches that had been seized by the Nazis during World War II.
Afghan Poll Crisis Subsides as Karzai Rivals Back Off  KABUL (Reuters) - The crisis surrounding Afghanistan's  historic presidential election appeared to end on Monday as  President Hamid Karzai's chief rival said he and other  candidates were withdrawing their rejection of the weekend  poll.
Deutsche Bank Checked China Aviation Finances Before Share Sale Deutsche Bank AG said it questioned China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. about its finances before arranging aS\$196 million (\$119 million) share sale in October, a month before company 
Mosque on Fire After U.S. Air Strikes in West Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. marines engaged in heavy clashes  with scores of insurgents near a mosque in western Iraq on  Monday, leading to U.S. air strikes which damaged the shrine  and left it ablaze, the U.S. military said.
EU Ends Libya Sanctions Despite Bulgaria Worries  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - EU foreign ministers agreed to lift  an arms embargo on Libya on Monday, despite fears for Bulgarian  and Palestinian medical workers sentenced to death there, but  imposed a visa ban on senior officials from Myanmar.
Anxious Turkey Seeks Changes in Key EU Report  ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey, rattled by growing signs of  resistance in the European Union to its entry bid, said on  Monday it would seek changes in the wording of a key report on  its candidacy before EU leaders debate it on Dec. 17.
MySQL to make use of Microsoft code The code, which was open-sourced in April, will be used for the administration tool that connects to the MySQL database.
Cisco continues to court small business Networking giant launches new program for resellers targeting small and midsize customers.
WMC Resources Plans 25 Nickel Expansion In Four Years PERTH (Dow Jones)--WMC Resources Ltd. (WMR.AU) said Monday that expansion of its nickel production will cost up to A\$650 million, with an investment decision in the first half of 2006.
SunTrust Restates Profit, Postpones Earnings Report (Update6) SunTrust Banks Inc., the seventh- largest US bank, said it will restate results for the first and second quarters of this year because the lender mistakenly inflated its reserve for loan losses.
Universal to tap Jay-Z? Vivendi #39;s unit plans to buy out the rap star and his partners from Roc-A-Fella Records, report says. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Universal Music Group is close to a deal to buy out the rapper and producer Jay-Z 
Isonics Shares Soar on New Unit News Isonics Corp. shares soared nearly 38 percent on Monday following news late Friday that the company formed a unit to focus on homeland security and defense products and named vice chairman Boris Rubizhevsky as president of the new group.
Abbott to buy nutrition company Abbott Laboratories Monday said it has agreed to pay \$320 million in cash to acquire EAS, a privately held company that sells nutritional products including AdvantEdge low-carbohydrate nutrition bars.
Hybrid industry gaining ground in the US - 11th October 2004 The American automotive industry is anticipating further increases in the sales of gas-electric hybrid vehicles in 2005, following the impact of the rising global cost of gasoline on 2004 sales of the eco-friendly cars, according to the Chicago Daily 
Oil prices top \$53 LONDON - The price of crude oil futures surged to new highs today despite assurances from Middle East oil producers that they were committed to bringing the price down as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter.
Microsoft Gets Comfy in the Living Room One of the past snags in gaining acceptance of PC components in couch-potato HQ has been the difficulty of integrating them into a home entertainment network.
Sun Dodges A \$2 Billion Bullet Somewhere in the pine bluffs of Washington, a Microsoft (MSFT) exec or two had to have been chuckling. On Oct. 1, a Rochester (NY) jury found that computer giant Sun Microsystems (SUNW), the company that extracted 
Realtors to try again to put deals online In the heady days of the dot-com boom, when pet food and groceries were sold on the Internet and venture capitalists seemingly tossed double- digit millions at any business plan with online possibilities, real estate stood waiting to be part of the 
Azerbaijan v England SSP1 Kick Off 17.30pm An impressive England win over Wales.a game they looked in complete control..means only one thing for Azerbaijan.defeat. This England side is beginning to look like a formidable outfit.
6 Abu men charged with ferry bombing President Arroyo announced the filing of charges against six Abu Sayyaf members believed behind the SuperFerry bombing and the Dos Palmas kidnapping.
Shaik Trial Due Today Schabir Shaik #39;s trial on two main charges of corruption and a third of fraud is due to start in Durban today. The charges relate to what the State has described as the  quot;general corrupt relationship quot; between 
Ventura Hangs Up Spikes  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Los Angeles Dodgers third  baseman Robin Ventura has decided to call it quits following a  16-year Major League Baseball career.
Offensive To Watch The coaches can defend Mark Brunell and the offense all they want, but it's a unit that hasn't yet scored 20 points in a game.
Midway Purchase Was Inevitable Acquisitions such as the one for the development studio are more about people and technology than anything else.
Don't Waste Your Vote Every year, you're given the chance to have a say in how the companies you own are run. Don't blow it. Vote.
Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Advances, Led by Foodland Associated Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index rose to a record. Foodland Associated Ltd. surged after Metcash Trading Ltd., the nation #39;s biggest grocery wholesaler, offered A\$846 million (\$660 million) for Foodland #39;s local business.
\$136 billion corporate tax bill OK #39;d WASHINGTON -- The Senate passed a far-reaching, \$136 billion corporate tax package today that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow and arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing US exporters in line with international 
Beckham to undergo light training soon: Real Madrid: Sports India: Madrid, Oct 11: England football captain David Beckham is expected back in Madrid Wednesday and resume light training despite fracturing a rib, reports Xinhua.
Two Iraqis, US soldier killed in suicide car bomb attack on US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSUL, Iraq, Oct 11 (AFP) - Two Iraqis and a US soldier were killed and 27 others wounded in a suicide car bomb attack Monday against a military convoy in the northern city of Mosul, medics and the US military said.
Target does a lot of good; let bell-ringers move on I don #39;t understand why everyone can #39;t get past Target #39;s deciding against the Salvation Army bell-ringers  quot;Target #39;s ban on red kettles gets a boycott in return, from me!
OPEC unable to influence market as oil prices scale new heights &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON, Oct 11 (AFP) - The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries says it is doing everything possible to help cool record high oil prices but its inability to meet markets #39; wishes reduces its credibility and influence, analysts said Monday.
Stocks Up Ahead of 3Q Earnings Reports Stocks rose modestly in light holiday trading Monday as investors awaited the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports, hopeful the news would override worries about record oil prices and a sputtering recovery.
Web Servers Lead Top 20 Security Problems List The SANS Institute has issued its latest list of the 20 most critical Internet security vulnerabilties. Web servers top the list for Windows-based systems and fall second on the list of Unix and Linux systems.
IBM Fashions New Blades five new HS20 models and one new JS20 blade server. The company also is rolling out new features designed to improve the performance of BladeCenter systems.
Enter your e-mail: NVidia announced today that it #39;s bringing its GeForce 6 graphics chip to value-minded buyers with its new 6200. The company expects its graphics-board partners to begin shipping PCI-Express cards using the new chip by early November.
Ridings hits 61* He tied the course record at TPC at Summerlin with the best final round this year on the PGA tour, tying the best ever Sunday score in the Michelin Championship.
Gallacher Wins Dunhill Links Editors Note: Stephen Gallacher won for the first time on the European Tour, beating Northern Irelands Graeme McDowell on the first playoff hole at the Dunhill Links Championship in at the Old Course in St.
Former NL MVP Caminiti passes away Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Ken Caminiti, who won the National League MVP in 1996 and later admitted to using steroids during his playing career, passed away on Sunday due to an apparent heart attack.
Katie Hoff Finishes Third In Short Course Worlds INDIANAPOLIS -- Olympic swimmer Katie Hoff finished third in a race Sunday night at the Short Course World Championships in Indianapolis.
A Look at Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners in their campaign to drive out coalition forces and hamper reconstruction:
Senate Roll Call on Corporate Tax Bill (AP) AP - The 69-17 roll call by which the Senate voted Monday to approve a  #36;136 billion corporate tax bill.
US Congress Sends Bush Corporate Tax Bill The US Senate easily gave final congressional approval on Monday to a huge corporate tax bill that aims to end a trade fight with the European Union by repealing US export 
Universal said to weigh senior post for rap star As Universal Music nears a deal to buy out the rap star Jay-Z and his partners from their venture, Roc-A-Fella Records, the company has renewed an unconventional plan to bring the artist into its executive ranks by naming him president of the Def Jam 
Sainsbury #39;s Warn of First-Half Profit Fall Troubled grocery chain J Sainsbury PLC, Britain #39;s third-biggest supermarket retailer, said Monday it expected to announce a big drop in profits for the first half of this year.
PeopleSoft board opens up to Oracle While it has so far rejected each of Oracle #39;s takeover offers, PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors is willing to talk about a deal at the right price, a member of PeopleSoft #39;s board said on October 5. On the stand 
Honda projects double the US sales of 2005 hybrid models Honda Motor Co. expects the introduction of its new gas-electric version of the Accord to boost its US sales of hybrid vehicles to more than 45,000 next year.
Spinal cord injury In 1995, actor Christopher Reeve fell off a horse and severely damaged his spinal cord, leaving him paralyzed from the neck down. From then until his death in October 2004, the silver screen Superman became the most famous face of spinal cord injury.
Tech Giants Back Specification for Web Services The specification builds on the WS-architecture that a vast group of engineers have been working on for more than two years to develop specific standards.
AOL #39;s new brand campaign in the US MUMBAI:  quot;Want a better Internet? quot; That #39;s the question America Online is asking in a new brand campaign in the US. The new ad campaign is intended to reposition America Online as the service that is truly on the side of the online consumer.
Thatcher: It was just handbags with Becks, not aggro BEN THATCHER was last night playing down what appeared to be a running battle between him and David Beckham on Saturday - at least as far as the England captain was concerned.
Patriots finish off 19th straight team with 24-10 victory History the New England Patriots were finally able to acknowledge, despite the fact they didnt look perhaps as crisp offensively as theyve been, in a 24-10 victory over the Miami Dolphins at Gillette Stadium on Sunday.
Henin-Hardenne done for the year Brussels, Belgium (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Justine Henin-Hardenne has decided against playing any more tennis for the rest of 2004.
Clinton Morrison sidelined with knee injury Ireland and Birmingham City striker Clinton Morrison needs knee surgery and will be sidelined for a month, his Premier League club said Monday.
DLA and Piper Rudnick Combine to Create a Leading Global Legal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Law firms DLA and Piper Rudnick LLP today announce that they will merge. When combined, DLA, which has extensive coverage across Europe and Asia and is ranked seventh in the UK, and Piper Rudnick, one of the 
Shifts and shake-ups in open source MySQL developers turn to an unlikely source for database tool: Microsoft. Also: SGI visualizes Linux, and the return of Java veteran Kim Polese.
SGI brings visualization to Linux line Addition of high-end graphics to computers based on open-source platform helps company go beyond its proprietary products.
Goldcorp #39;s McEwen, Seeking Growth, Buys Wheaton to Get Telfer Goldcorp Inc. Chief Executive Robert McEwen says he was always reluctant to expand by acquiring other gold producers. That #39;s why McEwen is making one last purchase before he steps down and handing the reins to Ian Telfer.
DT Wants All of T-Online BONN, Germany -- On Saturday, Deutsche Telekom #39;s Supervisory Board approved a merger plan by the Board of Management. One day later, T-Online #39;s Supervisory Board consented to the offer of merger negotiations.
Diebold Cuts Forecast, Cites Voting Machine Woes Diebold, a manufacturer of automated teller machines, says that the cost of recertifying its electronic voting machines for use in Calfornia is forcing it to cut its quarterly earnings forecast by about 5 cents.
Boeing Willing to Negotiate on Tax Breaks Boeing (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is prepared to discuss the elimination of billions of dollars in tax breaks it receives from Washington 
FTC #39;s first spyware case p2pnet.net News:- The US Federal Trade Commission has filed its first spyware case against former self-styled Spam King Sanford Wallace, says the Center for Democracy and Technology, which made the original complaint last February.
Some Dell AC Adapters Recalled Although seven adapters have overheated, no injuries or deaths have been reported. The adapters where shipped with Latitude, Precision and Inspiron laptops sold through Dell #39;s Web site and customer 
Spacecraft Design Pioneer Faget Dies Spacecraft design pioneer Maxime Faget has died at the age of 83. Faget is credited for conceiving Project Mercury, which put the first US astronauts into space, and was involved in the design of every US manned spacecraft afterward.
Microsoft Upgrades Windows XP Media Center The latest version of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center turns a specially configured PC into a photo album, DVD player, music center and TV set.
Big Blue Beefs Up BladeCenter IBM is trying to capitalize on the growing blade server market. Although it generates less revenue than other areas of the server market, the blade segment is increasing in volume and value to vendors, according to IDC analyst Jean Bozman.
Verizon Wireless Vs. Cingular Wireless NEW YORK - Verizon Wireless, the hulking champ of the cellular world, is about to meet a new contender. Any day now, the Federal Communications Commission is expected to recommend the approval of Cingular 
Submarine Fire Survivors Tell of Blaze Horror Survivors of a fatal fire on a submarine today spoke of their experience as Canadas defence minister said he could not rule out suing the British Government.
X Prize for Nanotech? Hal Finney writes  quot;The X Prize Foundation, which recently awarded the Ansari X Prize for achieving a milestone in private space flight, is asking for suggestions for new X Prize ventures, under the name of The WTN X PRIZE.
Dolphins may be without Fiedler, Feeley The Miami Dolphins, who are off to their worst start at 0-5 since their inaugural season in 1966, may be without quarterbacks Jay Fiedler and AJ Feeley when they play the Buffalo Bills this weekend.
Computer Sciences inks \$1.35 billion deal This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Update 3: Court Rules Yukos Must Pay \$1.34 Billion The Moscow Arbitration Court ruled Monday that the embattled oil giant Yukos must pay \$1.34 billion in fines and penalties as part of a \$4.
Vodafone Launches Desktop Text Messaging Software Vodafone customers are charged for text messages they send on their monthly phone bills. The senders can choose whether replies are sent back to the e-mail inbox or to a mobile phone.
Australia #39;s Andre Stoltz Wins First US PGA Event in Las Vegas Andre Stoltz won the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas by one stroke, the first career US PGA Tour victory for the 34-year-old Australian.
Why Micky Adams Quit Leicester The surprise decision by Micky Adams to resign as Leicester Citys manager after two-and-a-half years in charge of the club was explained by the man himself today during a press conference at the Walkers Stadium.
Sadr fighters disarm, again The rebel cleric #39;s followers began handing in weapons Monday, but some are bent on continuing to fight American forces in Baghdad.
Saudi women will not vote Kuwait - Saudi women will not vote in next month #39;s municipal elections, the first polls to be held in the autocratic kingdom for many years, interior minister Prince Nayef said in remarks published on Monday.
Romanians Pitch Rumsfeld on Base Location MIHAIL KOGALNICEANU AIR BASE, Romania - To entice the US military to make a home here, what better symbolic appeal could the Romanian government make than to rename a street here  quot;George Washington Boulevard?
Dollar perks up from Friday's jobs slump (AFP) AFP - The dollar drifted higher against the euro in a modest recovery after Friday's decline following weak US job creation numbers for September.
Downloading Justice Once again, the unintended consequences of the Internet may be heading for a big showdown before the Supreme Court.  This time, it's the war over file sharing and copyrights that the justices are being asked to review. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Computer Users Face New Scourge Millions of consumers have been struggling with a recent surge in what computer experts call spyware or adware -- electronic hitchhikers with hidden programs that hijack hard drives.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
MSN Music Falls Short Of iTunes' High Marks Microsoft's MSN Music store is by far the most capable rival to Apple's iTunes Music Store, even if it doesn't yet surpass it.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Gallup Poll Moves Online With Webcast Free daily eight-minute video featuring pollster-in-chief Frank Newport as a stand-up anchor talking about the firm's latest polling data goes online at 6 a.m. Monday through Friday. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Exec Says Oracle Lowering PeopleSoft Bid Oracle Corp.'s hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. could drop by one-third to one-fourth, Oracle co-president Safra Catz said Monday.
Global Crossing Announces Restructuring Global Crossing Ltd. shares plummeted Monday after the once bankrupt telecommunications company announced it will cut about 600 jobs and scale down operations to free enough cash to stay fiscally afloat.
Lockheed to Run Post Office Networks Lockheed Martin Corp. won a contract potentially worth \$3 billion to provide managed network services to the U.S. Postal Service.
ThoughtLink's Exercise in Collaboration Communicating can be tricky when a company or a government agency has workers in different locations and even different time zones.
Comcast's Perks to Montgomery Criticized The cable television company has taken an aggressive and, critics say, sometimes heavy-handed, approach to protecting its interests in the Maryland county.
Americans Win Gold at World Cyber Games Amid fanfare fit for actual world-class athletes, five Americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal in the popular "Counter Strike" competition of the World Cyber Games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite.
Painless but Pricey Backups For a lot of people these days, the data they create and store on their computers is worth more than the hardware itself -- especially if you factor in the sentimental value of years of collected e-mail and photos.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Mortal Kombat: Deception; Silent Hill 4: The Room; Spinrite 6.0 The sixth title in the seemingly endless Mortal Kombat franchise -- 12 years and counting -- is about much more than blood-soaked, hand-to-hand fighting.
Nigerian Strike to Continue But Oil Exports Flow  LAGOS (Reuters) - Unions vowed to extend a general strike  over fuel prices in Nigeria to a second day on Tuesday, helping  drive world oil prices to record highs even though shipments  from Africa's top producer were unaffected.
UN: Iraqi Nuclear-Related Materials Have Vanished  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Equipment and materials that  could be used to make nuclear weapons are disappearing from  Iraq but neither Baghdad nor Washington appears to have  noticed, the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency reported on Monday.
Cisco, Fujitsu Ally on Routers to Spur Asia Sales (Update1) Cisco Systems Inc., the world #39;s largest maker of computer-networking equipment, formed an alliance with Fujitsu Ltd. to increase sales to Japanese telephone carriers.
Oracle May Drop Its PeopleSoft Bid Lower Oracle co-president Safra Catz said today Oracle's hostile \$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft could drop by one-third to one-fourth.
Lone Star Boom and Bust The steel tubing company reports sharply higher earnings, but the stock is falling.
Senate Approves Bill Worth \$140 Billion in Corporate Tax Breaks The bill aims to raise the same amount of money by closing tax shelters, raising customs fees and dropping a tax benefit.
Al-Sadr Loyalists Turning in Weapons BAGHDAD, Iraq - Followers of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr trickled in to police stations in Baghdad's Sadr City district to hand in weapons Monday in a first step toward bringing peace to the Shiite militant stronghold after weeks of fighting with U.S. forces...
Bush, Kerry Court Voters in New Mexico President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry were both campaigning in New Mexico Monday in tandem swings through the Southwest on their way to Wednesday night's final debate in Arizona. Bush shifted his harsh rhetoric to focus on Kerry's record on domestic issues, while Kerry promised to work for the middle class and energy independence...
Candidate Drops Boycott of Afghan Election KABUL, Afghanistan - The main opposition candidate in Afghanistan's first-ever presidential election backed off a boycott of the vote, saying Monday that he would accept the findings of an independent commission to look into alleged cheating.    Ethnic Tajik candidate Yunus Qanooni, considered the likely runner-up to interim President Hamid Karzai, made the announcement at his Kabul home on Monday, a day after two other candidates also peeled away from the boycott...
Hamdi Returned to Saudi Arabia RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - Yaser Esam Hamdi, a Saudi-American citizen who was captured on the Afghanistan battlefield and held without charges for nearly three years, has been freed and returned Monday to Saudi Arabia.    Interior Ministry spokesman Brig...
Stocks Open Up After Poor Jobs Report NEW YORK - Stocks bobbed higher at Monday's open after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.    The Dow Jones industrial average was up 27.36, or 0.3 percent, at 10,082.56...
Bush Rhetoric Becoming More Aggressive CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush is launching a focus on Western battlegrounds with no sign that the biting rhetoric he has aimed at Democratic challenger John Kerry in recent days is as aggressive as it's going to get.    Bush spent one day off the campaign trail, relaxing on Sunday at his central Texas ranch and engaging in informal preparations for the final debate before Election Day - Wednesday in Tempe, Ariz...
Ballots Pour Into Afghan Counting Centers KABUL, Afghanistan - Ballot boxes poured into counting centers Monday for a tally of the troubled presidential election in Afghanistan amid signs an opposition boycott was wavering after at least two candidates agreed to accept the ruling of an independent panel's inquiry.    Election organizers hope their decision, announced late Sunday, to establish a panel of about three foreign election experts to investigate the balloting will end the boycott, which many fear could seriously undermine the winner's ability to rule this war-ravaged nation...
Office Depot hears call for VoIP The office equipment supplier jumps into the growing market of placing cheap calls over the Net.
Venezuelan President Increases Taxes on Foreign Oil Companies Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is ordering foreign oil companies to pay much higher taxes, in a move to tighten state control over his country #39;s vast petroleum resources.
Fines Against Yukos Stand A Russian court has ruled that embattled oil firm Yukos must pay nearly all the fines and penalties connected to its 2001 tax bill.
US Senate passes corporate tax bill The US Senate on Monday passed a corporate tax bill that would dole out 136 billion dollars in new tax breaks to a wide array of US companies.
Senate passes corporate tax bill The bill was approved by a 69-37 vote. It cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow-and-arrow makers. It also closes tax loopholes and brings US exporters in line with international trade rules.
Sierra Pacific #39;s Enron Ruling Vacated Electric and natural gas utility Sierra Pacific Resources Co. on Monday said the US District Court for Southern New York vacated a prior summary judgment that called for the company #39;s electric utilities to pay Enron Power Marketing Inc.
Slick Vick struggles The legend of Michael Vick appeared to be on the verge of ballooning yet again as he dropped back to pass in the game #39;s waning moments.
Williams is day-to-day after ankle injury The team said that an ultrasound at Henry Ford Hospital revealed that Williams indeed had suffered a sprained ankle, but not the more severe high ankle sprain.
Arroyo orders arrest of Abu leaders linked in ferry blast MANILA -- President Arroyo ordered Monday the police and the military to intensify the manhunt for two Abu Sayyaf leaders, Khaddafy Janjalani and Abu Soliman, being the masterminds in the Superferry 14 bombing last February.
Opposition Party Heads for Win in Lithuanian Election An opposition party led by an ethnic Russian businessman appears headed for victory in Sunday #39;s Lithuanian parliamentary election.
Motorola sinks TV dreams The firm scraps an alliance with Moxell to bring Motorola-branded plasma TVs, LCD TVs and monitors to North America and China.
Nevada utilities win a chance to shed \$336 million Enron bill LAS VEGAS - The parent company of Nevada #39;s two major electric utilities has won a rehearing of a federal bankruptcy court ruling that said it owed more than \$300 million to energy trader Enron Power Marketing.
Procter  amp; Gamble #39;s On Demand Procter  amp; Gamble (NYSE: PG) is the latest company to experiment with new-age advertising techniques to lure the consumer dollar.
EAS changing hands Founded in 1990 by Bill Phillips and then sold in 1999 to a North Castle Partners, EAS is being acquired by Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT).
Saudi Women Won #39;t Vote in Elections Saudi Interior Minister Prince Nayef bin Abdul Aziz speaks during the GCC Interior Ministers meeting in Kuwait, Sunday Oct. 10, 2004.
The Disparate Consensus on Health Care for All Among health care experts there is a surprising consensus that the U.S. must inevitably adopt some kind of universal coverage.
In Eastern Europe, Skepticism Over the Euro Skeptics wonder how the 10 newest members of the European Union will ever meet the economic conditions for adopting the euro.
FTC Goes After Spyware Operations (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The Federal Trade Committee has filed a complaint in federal court asking that two Internet advertising and software firms be shut down. The FTC made the filing last Thursday and will hold a press conference on the matter tomorrow.
PalmOne in Microsoft E-Mail Pact (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Long-time rivals PalmOne (Nasdaq: PALM) and Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) have announced a licensing agreement that will enable the next generation of PalmOne's Treo smartphones to work directly with Microsoft's Exchange 2003 e-mail system.
Web Servers Lead Top 20 Security Problems List (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The SANS (SysAdmin, Audit, Network, Security) Institute has issued its latest list of 20 most critical Internet security vulnerabilities. Web servers top the list of ten vulnerabilities for Windows-based systems, and they fall second on the list for those that are Unix- or Linux-based.
Microsoft Upgrades Windows XP Media Center (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Bill Gates is about to announce a new step in Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) home-entertainment strategy.
IBM Fashions New Blades (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is upgrading its blade \server line, taking the wraps off six new products in addition to rolling out features designed to improve the performance of BladeCenter systems.
Israeli MPs Reject Sharon Speech on Gaza Pullout (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's parliament on Monday voted\to reject a session-opening speech by Prime Minister Ariel\Sharon, dealing a symbolic setback to his disputed plan to\withdraw from some occupied territory.
PeopleSoft touts new tools As its battle with Oracle continues, the software maker attempts to offer some good news by unveiling tools designed for manufacturers.
Moscow court upholds fines against Yukos The Moscow Arbitration Court on Monday upheld the tax authorities #39; demand that the embattled oil giant Yukos must pay nearly 1.34 billion US dollars in fines as part of a 4.1-billion-dollar claim for 2001.
Dolphins May Turn to Third-String QB (AP) AP - Jay Fiedler has a cracked rib and A.J. Feeley has a concussion. So the Miami Dolphins may have to turn to third-string quarterback Sage Rosenfels when they play the Buffalo Bills this weekend in a matchup of the NFL's last two winless teams.
Kwan to Skip Grand Prix Season Again COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. Oct. 11, 2004 - Michelle Kwan is taking a pass on figure skating #39;s Grand Prix series again. Kwan skipped the Grand Prix series the past two seasons, and said Monday she #39;ll do the same thing this year.
UPDATE 1-Trezeguet ruled out for three months Juventus #39;s French international striker David Trezeguet will be out of action for three months after a scheduled shoulder operation, the Serie A club said on Monday.
Jackson-sparked Storm set for title showdown (AFP) AFP - Australian basketball star Lauren Jackson is hoping she can raise a Storm that can block out the Sun one more time.
Torre Unsure of Rivera's Availability for Tuesday (Reuters) Reuters - New York Yankees manager Joe\Torre said Monday he was unsure if closer Mariano Rivera would\be available for Tuesday's opener of the American League\Championship Series against Boston after a tragic accident at\the reliever's home in Panama over the weekend.
NHL's Hall, Connolly Head to Europe (AP) AP - Nashville Predators right wing Adam Hall and Buffalo Sabres center Tim Connolly signed with European teams, making it 200 NHL players who have headed overseas during the lockout.
Al-Sadr Loyalists Turning in Weapons Soldiers from the Iraqi National Guard show off mortars after militia members delivered sacks of the rounds to Iraqi security forces in the Sadr City neighborhood of Baghdad, Iraq, Monday, Oct. 11, 2004.
New compromise on ivory trade reached afrol News, 11 October - Two proposals regarding the international ivory trade today failed to secure a two-thirds majority at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) conference in Bangkok.
The Successor to Greenspan Has a Very Tough Act to Follow Nominating a successor to Fed chairman Alan Greenspan could be President Bush's biggest economic decision next year.
Torre Unsure of Rivera's Availability for Tuesday  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - New York Yankees manager Joe  Torre said Monday he was unsure if closer Mariano Rivera would  be available for Tuesday's opener of the American League  Championship Series against Boston after a tragic accident at  the reliever's home in Panama over the weekend.
Simms Doubtful; Griese to Start for Bucs  TAMPA, Fla. (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay quarterback Brian  Griese will start next Monday's game against St Louis. Chris  Simms is doubtful with a sprained left shoulder.
Euro creation fails to spark growth due to rigid labor market: Almunia (AFP) AFP - The creation of the euro has brought economic stability to Europe but has yet to spark growth, as eurozone governments have failed to implement reforms, EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said.
Stocks Rise Before Earnings Blitz  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced on Monday as  investors showed optimism that corporate earnings reports may  come in better than expected, but crude oil prices at a fresh  record near \$54 a barrel curbed gains.
Global Crossing Stock Down 25 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Global Crossing Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GLBCE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GLBCE.O&lt;/A&gt; fell as much as 25 percent on Monday on concerns it  could face a second bankruptcy after it said it is cutting 600  jobs as it negotiates with lenders for much-needed financing.
Boeing Willing to Negotiate on Tax Breaks  WASHINGTON/LONDON (Reuters) - Boeing &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; is prepared to  discuss the elimination of billions of dollars in tax breaks it  receives from Washington state as part of a deal to end  European government loans for its competitor Airbus, the  company's chief executive said on Monday.
Israeli MPs Reject Sharon Speech on Gaza Pullout  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament voted on Monday  to reject a session-opening speech by Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon, dealing a symbolic setback to his disputed plan to  withdraw from some occupied territory.
Germany Cuts Deutsche Telekom Stake  FRANKFURT/LONDON (Reuters) - Germany sold 6.3 percent in  phone operator Deutsche Telekom on Monday, raising up to 4.4  billion euros (\$5.5 billion) as part of a privatization drive  to help it tackle a burgeoning budget deficit.
Here's a Hot Tip... Perhaps the most important question you can ask when receiving a hot tip: "Why are you telling me this?"
Procter   Gamble's On Demand The company has come up with some on-demand advertising. Will it woo viewers?
Abbott agrees to buy nutrition firm EAS for \$320mn NEW YORK, October 11 (newratings.com) - Abbott Laboratories (ABT.NYS) has reached a definitive agreement to acquire a leading US-based nutrition products company, EAS, in a cash and stock deal valued at about \$320 million.
We Pledge Allegiance to the Mall Heavy consumer spending in the United States strains the global economy and also sustains it.
Venezuela jacks up oil royalties Venezuela announced a dramatic increase in royalties for foreign oil companies operating in the petroleum-rich country, El Nacional reported Monday.
US Stocks Ahead as Earnings Awaited US stocks were higher on Monday, as investors were optimistic that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected, but relentlessly high crude oil prices reined in advances.
PeopleSoft Announces PeopleSoft Demand Flow Manufacturing and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN DIEGO --(Business Wire)-- Oct. 11, 2004 -- Breakthrough PeopleSoft EnterpriseOne 8.11 Applications Enable Manufacturers to Become Demand-Driven.
Almost a million Dell notebook adapters to be recalled The US Consumer Product Safety Commission, in cooperation with the firms named below, have announced the voluntary recall of the following consumer product.
Sun shells out US\$92 million to settle Eastman Kodak litigation Without admitting or denying allegations, Sun Microsystems has entered into a formal settlement agreement with the Eastman Kodak Company to settle all claims in pending litigation between the parties.
Tennis: Olympic Champ Justine Henin-Hardenne Takes Year Off Former women #39;s world No. 1 and Olympic tennis champion Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium says she will not play any more this year because of the continuing effects of an energy-sapping virus.
Truth  amp; Rumors: Oct. 11, 2004 Baltimore #39;s Deion Sanders, recovered from his hamstring injury, made his first interception in four years in last night #39;s 17-10 win over Washington.
Tragedy strikes at World Cup qualifier in Togo Zurich, Switzerland (Sports Network) - Four spectators died at Sunday #39;s World Cup qualifying match between Togo and Mali. Eight fans were also injured, three seriously, at Kegue Stadium in Togo after a power failure led to a wild rush to the exits.
Formula One: Schumacher blows away foes SUZUKA, Japan It #39;s an ill typhoon that does no one any good. After the sellout crowd of 160,000 had been cheated of all of the action the previous day when qualifying was canceled, the capacity crowd at Suzuka 
Car bomb attack on US convoy in Mosul: police MOSUL, Iraq - A car bomb struck a US military convoy on Monday in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, an Iraqi police officer told AFP.
Chirac tour falls flat for French President Jacques Chirac has been busy talking up the advantages of trade with France on his current Asian tour - but back home the newspapers have been lukewarm on his performance.
EU agrees to lift sanctions on Libya The European Union has agreed to lift its long standing sanctions against trade with Libya. The move was taken today by foreign ministers of the 25 member union.
SuperFerry 14 bombing solved, says Arroyo Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A1 of the Oct. 12, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. POLICE yesterday filed multiple murder charges against six suspected 
UN: Iraqi Nuclear-Related Materials Have Vanished (Reuters) Reuters - Equipment and materials that\could be used to make nuclear weapons are disappearing from\Iraq but neither Baghdad nor Washington appears to have\noticed, the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency reported on Monday.
Slain Police Officers Buried in Haiti (AP) AP - Hundreds of wailing mourners gathered to bury five slain police officers Monday as gunfire crackled around the capital where clashes between supporters of the U.S.-backed government and ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide have plagued peacekeepers.
Commander of sub tells of ordeal; says Saunders was overcome with smoke (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GLASGOW (CP) - The weary captain and crew of the stricken HMCS Chicoutimi told tales of heroism, fear and survival Monday in their first public recounting of the fire aboard their sub, with some expressing wonderment that they lived to tell of their ordeal.
Oil Extends Record Run, Brent Over \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose to record highs on  Monday, pushing crude in London above \$50 for the first time  and extending a relentless rise that has added around 65  percent to the cost of crude this year.
Israel's Sharon Survives Two No-Confidence Votes  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon survived  two no-confidence votes in Israel's parliament on Monday,  clinging to power as he seeks to push through a disputed plan  for withdrawal from some occupied territory.
Marchers Attack French, U.N. Troops in Ivory Coast  BOUAKE, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - U.N. peacekeepers in Ivory  Coast fired into the air and French soldiers blasted teargas to  disperse stone-throwing demonstrators in the rebel-held town of  Bouake on Monday, peacekeepers said.
McCain Calls for Tougher Testing Policy Senator John McCain plans to introduce legislation requiring Major League Baseball players to be tested for steroids.
Stocks post gains The Dow Jones industrial average is up 21 points at ten-thousand-75. Gainers on the New York Stock Exchange hold a narrow lead over losers.
Update 1: Defense Begins Case in Enron Barge Trial Unwritten assurances from Enron Corp. to keep trying to sell Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. #39;s \$7 million interest in three power-generating barges wasn #39;ta  quot;legal impediment quot; to making that investment, an in-house lawyer for the brokerage testified Monday.
FTC Files Complaint Against Alleged Spyware Distributor The FTC said it believes the companies induced computer users to buy its spyware-eradication software, sold for US\$30 and bearing names such as Spy Wiper and Spy Deleter, after first infecting 
Nintendo DS Readies for Portable Gaming Competition  quot;DS provides the road map to the future of video games, quot; Reggie Fils-Aime, Nintendo of America #39;s executive vice president of sales and marketing said.
Tragedy strikes Rivera #39;s family Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera traveled from New York to his home in Puerto Caimito, Panama yesterday morning after two of his wife #39;s relatives died in an electrical accident there on Saturday.
World oil prices hit record highs NEW YORK, Oct 11 (AFP) - World oil prices scaled record peaks Monday, rising on concern over disruptions to supply from strike-hit producers Nigeria and Norway.
Oracle may cut its offer for PeopleSoft as much as one-third Oracle Corp. is thinking about cutting its offer for PeopleSoft by one-third to a one-fourth. Oracle Co-president Safra Catz made the statement Monday, citing PeopleSoft #39;s 2004 performance as the chief reason 
House Approves \$477 Billion Defense Bill Congress on Saturday approved a \$477 billion defense bill with a military pay raise and new money for Iraq and Afghanistan. Underscoring the bill #39;s lack of controversy, the House approved 
Microsoft Wires XP to TV with Media Center  quot;Consumers are telling us that they don #39;t want to be tied to the room where their PC lives to look at their digital pictures or view a program recorded on their Media Center PC, quot; Joe Belfiore 
Sub blaze survivors relive terror Survivors of a fatal fire on a submarine have spoken of their experience as Canada #39;s defence minister said he could not rule out suing the British Government.
NASA worker pleads innocent to faking inspections A former NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court, and his attorney called him  quot;meticulous in his work.
Sun, Kodak Look to Future Following Patent Suit Settlement In lieu of facing a court judgment of possibly more than US\$1 billion, Sun Microsystems has agreed to pay \$92 million to settle a long-running patent infringement case with Eastman Kodak.
Giants #39; Carter fractures hip East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - New York Giants wide receiver Tim Carter is expected to miss the remainder of the season after suffering a fractured hip during this past Sunday #39;s game against Dallas.
Injuries, frustration continue to mount in Miami Davie, FL (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins learned Monday that they could be without quarterbacks Jay Fiedler and AJ Feeley for this Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills.
In the air over there (Oct. 11, 2004) -- It is only Oct. 11, but for all practical purposes, the loser of this game faces a mountain too big to climb to make the playoffs.
Yanks closer due back for ALCS PANAMA CITY, Panama Yankees reliever Mariano Rivera will return to the club in time for game one of the American League Championship Series against Boston Tuesday night.
Prefontaine boots Argos past Lions TORONTO (CP) - Noel Prefontaine kicked six field goals to lead the Toronto Argonauts to a 22-16 home win over the BC Lions on Monday afternoon.
Gadhafi Prize to Chavez CARACAS, Venezuela -- Libya on Sunday awarded its annual Moammar Gadhafi human rights prize to Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez for resisting  quot;imperialism quot; and being a champion of the poor.
Update 1: Global Crossing Plummets on Restructure Global Crossing Ltd. shares plummeted Monday after the once-bankrupt telecommunications company announced it will cut about 600 jobs and scale down operations to free enough cash to stay fiscally afloat.
Intel, Microsoft Attempt To Integrate PC and TV An offensive against one of the last pockets of resistance to the proliferation of the personal computer into every corner of our lives will be launched this week by two high-tech giants, Microsoft and Intel.
Canas Wins on Opening Day at CA Trophy Sixth-seeded Guillermo Canas of Argentina beat wild card Julian Knowle of Austria 6-2, 6-4 Monday on the first day of the CA Trophy.
OIL PRICES SCALE RECORD HEIGHTS World oil prices are continuing to scale record heights, rising on concerns over disruptions to supply from strike-hit producers Nigeria and Norway.
\$5Bln Telekom Stake for Sale State-owned development bank KfW is selling up to 4 billion euros (\$4.9 billion) worth of shares in Deutsche Telekom, the latest step in the privatization of the former German phone monopoly.
YUKOS ordered to pay part of tax claim The Moscow Arbitration Court ruled on Monday that the YUKOS oil company must pay RUR 39.113bn (about \$1.34bn) as part of its back tax claim for 2001.
International Conference Focuses on Spam Officials from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the British Office of Fair Trading (OFT) hosted the first international meeting of spam enforcement agencies today in London.
FTC Filing Targets Malicious Spyware Spyware has come under target of the Federal Trade Commission with a new complaint filed in federal court which is requesting that two Internet based advertising and software firms be closed.
Tim Carter out for season Tim Carter, the Giants #39; speedy but injury-bedeviled wide receiver, fractured his hip in Sunday #39;s victory over the Cowboys and is expected to miss the rest of the season.
Glazer Getting Serious Despite Fans Opposition American multi-millionaire Malcolm Glazer is set to intensify his campaign to gain control of Manchester United. The sports club tycoon could be about to launch a formal takeover bid this week, despite staunch opposition from United fans.
Yankees-Red Sox Set to Renew Rivalry in ALCS It is a series that fills Boston Red Sox fans with dread, New York Yankee supporters with giddy confidence and has left Major League Baseball and television executives smiling from ear-to-ear.
Maquoketa #39;s Rosenfels could make first career start for Dolphins _ Third-string quarterback Sage Rosenfels, a Maquoketa native and Iowa State grad, could be pressed into service when the Miami Dolphins play the Buffalo Bills this weekend.
Lions are suddenly road warriors Coming into the season, the Detroit Lions were well-known for their futility in foreign stadiums. The unlucky number was 24, as the Lions hadn #39;t won on the road since 2000.
Chirac Means Business in China BEIJING -- French President Jacques Chirac hailed business deals worth 4 billion euros Sunday as a sign that a state visit to China intended to improve economic ties had been a success.
Saudi vows to create 'pro-business environment', foster investment (AFP) AFP - Saudi Arabia will seek to create a  quot;pro-business environment quot; and foster investment opportunities in energy and other sectors, the oil-rich kingdom's investment chief said.
Stocks End Higher Before Earnings Blitz  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced slightly on  Monday as investors were optimistic that corporate earnings  reports may exceed expectations, but oil at a fresh record near  \$54 a barrel curbed gains.
Congress Approves Lewis and Clark Park (AP) AP - Congress has passed and sent to the president a bill that would establish the Lewis and Clark National Historical Park in Oregon and Washington state.
Advo Names Harding CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AD.N&lt;/A&gt;, which publishes  shopping ad circulars and provides other direct-mail marketing  services, on Monday said its board of directors had elected  Scott Harding chief executive, effective Oct. 15.
Dell Recalls Notebook Adapters Dell has issued a recall notice for more than 4 million AC power adapters used with many of its notebook computers. The company says the adapters sometimes overheat, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock.
Hanson chasing number six Australian swimmer Brooke Hanson will be chasing her sixth gold medal at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis later this morning.
Oil Rises to Record on Reduced Gulf of Mexico Output, Imports Crude oil in New York rose to a record \$53.80 a barrel after the US said some production shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico caused by Hurricane Ivan may last as long as six months.
India set to get more British jobs London, Oct. 11: Britains second-largest general insurance group, Royal  amp; Sun Alliance, is to save 10 million a year by outsourcing 1,100 jobs in call centres, administration and processing to India over the next two years.
Ex-NASA Worker Charged for Faking Exams ORLANDO, Fla. Oct. 8, 2004 - A former NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court, and his attorney called him  quot;meticulous in his work.
Sri Lanka reach final after Zimbabwe match called off Sri Lanka qualified for the final of a three-nation one-day tournament today after their match with Zimbabwe was called off due to overnight rain.
Atapattu: No complacency vs. Zimbabwe Sri Lanka cricket captain Marvan Atapattu wants to finish off Zimbabwe in  quot;good fashion quot; Monday when the two teams meet in a limited-overs international of triangular series.
U.S. Funds Chat-Room Surveillance Study (AP) AP - Amid the torrent of jabber in Internet chat rooms  #151; flirting by QTpie and BoogieBoy, arguments about politics and horror flicks  #151; are terrorists plotting their next move?
AdWatch: Kerry Attacks Bush's Tax Cuts (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from Democrat John Kerry to begin airing Wednesday:
Senate Leaders Hope to Act on 9/11 Bill (AP) AP - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said Monday he will decide in the next two days whether there is a realistic chance Congress can get the Sept. 11 intelligence reorganization bill completed before Election Day.
A new event in programming? A Caltech spinoff's new programming language could make it easier for software to digest RFID data and look for security breaches.
Tech services jobs increase New Labor Dept. report shows continued growth in computer-related services jobs, while tech manufacturing positions fell.
Schmidt to take greater role in U.S. cybersecurity The nation's former cybersecurity czar agrees to advise the government's incident response team.
Comcast CEO offers olive branch to Bells Comcast head Brian Roberts says he and archrivals should work in concert to fight government intervention. Verizon CEO rolls his eyes.
Former CA chief Kumar appears at Cannes tech conference Sanjay Kumar, the former Computer Associates chairman and CEO who was recently indicted for securities fraud,  talked about what he's been doing since leaving CA in June.
Oil Futures End at Record High for Fifth Session Benchmark light, sweet crude futures for November rose 33 cents to settle at a new record high of \$53.64 a barrel, after reaching an intraday high of \$53.
Ascension Health Awards Computer Sciences 10-Year IT Support &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Under the \$1.35 billion deal, CSC will provide help-desk, network, security, and telecommunications services at more than 80 Ascension facilities across the country.
Yukos fined \$1.34bn for failure to pay tax LONDON, October 11 (newratings.com) - Embattled Russian oil giant, Yukos Oil (YUSA.FSE), has been ordered to pay \$1.34 billion in fines and penalties for failing to pay its tax liabilities for 2001 on time.
Cerro Verde Expansion To Up Peru Copper Output By 20 LIMA (Dow Jones)--Sociedad Minera Cerro Verde SAA #39;s (CVERDEC1.VL) planned \$850 million expansion will increase Peru #39;s overall copper production by about 20 a year, National 
IBM upgrades blade servers Enhancements include a SCSI option that will double the number of SCSI blades that users can fit into a single chassis, and software designed to make them cooler and easier to manage.
Massachusetts settles its first antispam case A Florida man and his company will pay a \$25,000 fine to settle a spam lawsuit brought in Massachusetts in the first use by a state of the federal CAN-SPAM Act.
Walker Becoming Favre's Favorite Target (AP) AP - Green Bay Packers receiver Javon Walker is technically Green Bay's third receiver. Really, though, Walker is becoming Brett Favre's favorite target as they head into their Monday night matchup with the Tennessee Titans.
Blair told to double overseas aid Tony Blair is being urged to use all his negotiating powers to end poor countries #39; debt and double aid. Some 45m children will die needlessly before 2015 and aid budgets are half their 1960 levels, charity Oxfam says in a new report, Paying the Price.
Comcast CEO offers olive branch to Bells LAS VEGAS--Sticking out like a sore thumb, Brian Roberts, CEO of the nation #39;s largest cable company, Comcast, on Monday asked a room full of phone industry skeptics to join him in the fight against bad government regulations.
FTC Acts Against Spyware Distributor The Federal Trade Commission has filed suit against two companies owned by New Hampshire resident Sanford Wallace. The firms allegedly infected users #39; computer with spyware -- and also sold anti-spyware software.
Divers find Blackbeard #39;s cannon BEAUFORT, NC -- Underwater archeologists have found another cannon from the wreckage of what they believe was the flagship of the notorious pirate Blackbeard.
Robin Ventura Announces Retirement (AP) AP - Robin Ventura retired in a fashion fitting for the way he played and behaved during a fine 16-year career  #151; quietly, with dignity and little fanfare.
IBM supersizes storage arrays IBM is expected to debut its highest-capacity storage arrays, pitting them against high-end offerings from competitors including EMC and Hitachi.
Nigerian unions launch strike, oil exports flow LAGOS - Nigerian unions began a four-day strike on Monday, helping drive world oil prices to record highs although shipments from Africa #39;s top producer were unaffected.
Shaik: Nixon gets a mention Durban - Deputy president Jacob Zuma is not the only controversial politician to have been dragged into the Schabir Shaik trial. On Monday disgraced former US president Richard Nixon also received a mention 
Authorities shut down U.K.-based news Web sites U.S. authorities working in an international investigation have shut down 20 independent news Web sites run by the Independent Media Center by seizing two U.K.-based Web servers, the group said.
Welke, Marsh Picked As Crew Chiefs for LCS (AP) AP - Umpires Tim Welke and Randy Marsh were picked as crew chiefs for the league championship series and will start out Game 1 behind the plate.
'Laughingstock' Portugal Hopes to Rebound (AP) AP - A headline in a Lisbon newspaper called Portugal's soccer team "Europe's Laughingstock." Italy, France and the Netherlands also came in for stinging criticism after embarrassing weekend results in qualifiers for the 2006 World Cup.
Global Crossing cuts 600 jobs, announces Q1, Q2 results Telecommunications network vendor Global Crossing cut its workforce by 600 workers, or about 15 of its global employees, as it continues to right itself about a year after emerging from bankruptcy.
Diebold cuts forecast Diebold Inc. today reduced its third-quarter and full-year earnings forecasts as it absorbs costs for recertifying its electronic voting machines in California and for expenses related to a pending civil action in that state.
3Com launches set of products for IP telephony 3Com announced IP telephony products, including modules that help connect features such as e-mail alerts and caller ID to IP systems based on Session Initiation Protocol.
Microsoft still hopes to settle with EC, exec says Microsoft's CEO in Europe said the company still hopes to settle with the European Commission over the sanctions imposed against it to correct its anticompetitive behavior.
Yankees-Red Sox Set to Renew Rivalry in ALCS  NEW YORK (Reuters) - It is a series that fills Boston Red  Sox fans with dread, New York Yankee supporters with giddy  confidence and has left Major League Baseball and television  executives smiling from ear-to-ear.
TELECOM '04 - Verizon, Comcast execs slam regulation LAS VEGAS - Cable met telecommunications Monday at the Telecom '04 trade show in Las Vegas as the top executives of Verizon Communications Inc. and Comcast Corp. both urged decreased regulation of communications in a joint keynote appearance.
Microsoft Still Hopes to Settle With EU Even though its appeal is ongoing, the software giant hopes to make a deal.
Dolphins May Turn to Third-String QB Jay Fiedler has a cracked rib and A.J. Feeley has a concussion. So the Miami Dolphins may have to turn to third-string quarterback Sage Rosenfels when they play the Buffalo Bills this weekend in a matchup of the NFL's last two winless teams.
FTC Filing Targets Malicious Spyware FTC Filing Targets Malicious Spyware\\Spyware has come under target of the Federal Trade Commission with a new complaint filed in federal court which is requesting that two Internet based advertising and software firms be closed. The FTC filing was made last week with a press conference to be scheduled for ...
Newsview: Flawed Candidates Neck and Neck (AP) AP - After two debates, voters have seen President Bush look peevish and heard him pass the buck. They've watched Sen. John Kerry deny he's a flip-flopper and then argue that Saddam Hussein was a threat  #151; and wasn't. It's no wonder so few minds have changed.
Sadr fighters disarm, again The cleric's followers began handing in weapons Monday, but some plan to continue fighting US forces in Baghdad.
Attacks in Egypt: homegrown or part of global jihad? Several obscure Islamist groups have claimed credit for Thursday's suicide attacks.
\$50-plus Oil Drags on Economy Oil prices above \$50 a barrel -nd rising  - now starting to adversely affect the economy and consumers in ways that had not been happening only a few months ago.
Global Crossing Shares Plummet Global Crossing plans to eliminate 600 jobs, roughly 15 percent of its workforce, by March 2005 as part of a restructuring plan. The company needs an additional \$40 million in financing to fund 
Parker Hannifin completes purchase of Sporlan Valve Co. CLEVELAND - Parker Hannifin Corp. has completed its acquisition of Sporlan Valve Co., a provider of refrigeration and air conditioning systems, the companies said Monday.
Stocks drift higher as investors await earnings Stocks drifted higher Monday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
TELECOM  #39;04: Verizon, Comcast execs slam regulation Cable met telecommunications Monday at the Telecom  #39;04 trade show in Las Vegas as the top executives of Verizon Communications Inc.
Tribute to an unsung space hero Visiting my neighbor Max Faget at his home on the banks of Dickinson Bayou here in rural Galveston County, Texas, was like a trip into a space museum.
GeForce 6200 Announced October 11, 2004 - NVIDIA today has announced the newest card in its GeForce 6 line, the entry-level GeForce 6200. Rounding out the GeForce 6 family, the GF6200 contains the same feature set as its 6800 and 
MPAA Revives P-to-P Lawsuit Group is asking the Supreme Court to overturn decision in favor of file-swapping networks. Representatives for the music and movie industries have filed a petition asking the US Supreme Court to overturn an 
Media Center introduction One of the challenges Microsoft and computer makers face in marketing Media Center PCs is persuading consumers that it #39;s worth putting them in their living room, supplanting the normal setup of TV, VCR, DVD player and/or personal video recorder.
Novell shortens release date for open enterprise server Novell last Friday said the release of Open Enterprise Server, a combination of open source and commercial networking platforms, is 10 months ahead of schedule.
Schilling wants to quiet Yankee Stadium crowd (Sports Network) - The Boston Red Sox acquired pitcher Curt Schilling in the offseason so they would be able to experience the jubilation of finally winning a World Series for the first time since 1918.
Somebodys Going Home 1-4 The Green Bay Packers and Tennessee Titans will try to keep from falling to 1-4 Monday night. But after the nationally televised game in Green Bay, Wisconsin, one of them will be.
Injuries leave Panthers with no tailbacks DeShaun Foster suffered a broken clavicle during the second quarter of Sunday #39;s 20-17 loss against the Denver Broncos, forcing coach John Fox to play the rest of the game with fullbacks Brad Hoover and Nick Goings in his backfield.
An Afghan  #39;hanging chad #39; dispute An independent inquiry is helping to defuse a controversy over ink used in Saturday #39;s election. By Scott Baldauf  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Dell Recalls 1 Million Laptop Power Adapters If you have an Inspiron, Latitude, or Precision notebook, then a recall is in effect for your power supply.  quot;Dell on Friday announced that it #39;s recalling almost a million faulty power adapters sold with its 
IBM Introduces New Blade Servers IBM has introduced six new models in its BladeCenter server line, including five new HS20 models and a new JS20 blade server. The Intel-based HS20 systems now are equipped with two new, compact 
New ISS crew prepare for lift-off With just a week to go before their launch, the new crew of the International Space Station are preparing for blast-off, CCTV reported Friday.
Croc attack to be investigated The Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service says it will investigate the circumstances surrounding a crocodile attack in the state #39;s far north.
After the Bell -- CommScope Slides  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of communications cable maker  CommScope Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CTV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CTV.N&lt;/A&gt; fell 22 percent in after-hours trade on  Monday after it warned on its sales outlook for the fourth  quarter.
MySQL to make use of Microsoft code This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Novell #39;s Open Enterprise Server To Ship Early Novell plans to co-ordinate the release of Open Enterprise Server with the availability of the first service pack for SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9. Customers will be able to deploy OES knowing 
China Eastern Airbus order worth \$3.4 billion China Eastern Airlines said yesterday it valued its new order of 20 Airbus jets at \$3.4 billion. The A330-300s will be delivered to China #39;s third-largest airline between 2006 and 2008.
Autopsy performed on Caminiti, results may not be known for 10 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An autopsy was performed on Ken Caminiti on Monday, though the cause of the 1996 National League MVP #39;s death may not be known for 10 days.
Defence minister sees damage to Chicoutimi, meets with British LONDON - Defence Minister Bill Graham was tight-lipped after meeting with his British counterpart to discuss last week #39;s fire on board HMCS Chicoutimi.
Congress Passes \$145 Bln Tax Cut, Ends Export Subsidy (Update2) The US Congress approved a \$145 billion bill providing new corporate tax breaks and a buyout for tobacco farmers as part of legislation that eliminates an export tax credit ruled illegal by the World Trade Organization.
US Stocks Drop in Week on Economic Reports; Merck Declines US stocks fell this week after a government report showing slower job growth, coupled with an unexpected drop in an index of service industries and record oil prices, fueled concern that economic expansion will stall.
Congress Sends Bush Corporate Tax Bill The US Senate easily gave final congressional approval on Monday to a huge corporate tax bill that aims to end a trade fight with the European Union by repealing US export 
Citigroup seeks to block Parmalat plan LONDON Parmalat, the Italian dairy giant, has shown  quot;stark and illegitimate discrimination quot; against non-Italian banks in formulating a plan that is crucial to its bankruptcy reorganization, Citigroup has said.
Microsoft II: Browser battles NEW YORK At the moment, at least eight different Web browsers reside in my computer. There #39;s no earthly reason to have so many except for the slightly obsessive fun of it.
CHELA DUMPED OUT IN AUSTRIA Fourth-seeded Argentinian Juan Ignacio Chela #39;s second encounter with Florian Mayer this year didn #39;t go nearly as well as the first.
Oracle may cut PeopleSoft bid Oracle may lower its tender offer for PeopleSoft by as much as a third, a top company executive said on Monday during courtroom testimony.
Senate OKs \$137 billion in corporate, special interest tax breaks The Senate on Monday approved \$137 billion in tax breaks for corporations and special interests over 10 years, including a \$10 billion buyout for tobacco farmers.
Stocks: Stocks rise as investors bet on profit reports NEW YORK Stocks rose modestly in light trading on Monday as investors awaited the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports, hopeful the news would override worries about record oil prices and a sputtering US economic recovery.
Boeing willing to bend on tax breaks Boeing is prepared to discuss the elimination of billions of dollars in tax breaks it receives from Washington state as part of a deal to end European government loans for its competitor Airbus, the company #39;s chief executive said 
Sainsbury profit drops two-thirds J Sainsbury, the third-largest supermarket chain in Britain, said Monday that first-half profit fell by about 66 percent as the company lost business to companies including Tesco and Wal-Mart Stores #39; ASDA.
Oil strikes another new high NEW YORK - Oil prices continued their rise on Monday, as a general strike shut down Nigeria and a Moscow court upheld a billion dollar back tax demand on Yukos, Russia #39;s largest oil producer.
Blair delays pensions move until after poll Tony Blair promised yesterday to seek a national consensus on radical reform to tackle Britain #39;s pensions crisis but shelved the crucial decisions until after the general election.
Global Crossing struggling to stay afloat MANHASSET, NY - The weak telecom market continues to wreak havoc on telecom company Global Crossing Ltd., which is cutting jobs and trying to restructure its finances in an attempt to continue operating.
Microsoft Renews Push for Living Room PC Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O is making a renewed push this week to get its software into living rooms with the launch of a new version of its Windows XP Media Center, a personal 
ABC Notches Another  #39;Desperate #39; Win Sunday  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; was hot-to-trot in its second outing for ABC on Sunday, leading the network to a commanding nightly victory with assistance from 
Comcast CEO Calls for Telecom Truce Brian Roberts, CEO of cable giant Comcast, told executives at the United States Telecom Association #39;s annual convention that cable providers and traditional telephone companies should work together 
Davenport wins in Germany Lindsay Davenport, 28, won her tour high seventh title of the year Sunday at the Porsche Grand Prix in Filderstadt, Germany. Davenport won when top ranked Amelie Mauresmo was forced to retire from the final because of an injured left thigh.
Sri Lanka-Zimbabwe tri-series match called off due to rain ISLAMABAD: Asian Champions Sri Lanka advanced to the final of triangular one-day international series after their match against Zimbabwe was called off due to heavy overnight rain at the Pindi Cricket Stadium here on Monday.
With Jamal out, focus turns squarely on Boller The Baltimore Ravens have proven they can win in spite of Kyle Boller. Now they #39;re going to find out if they can win without Jamal Lewis.
Sport #39;s hottest property, a collapsed trial, and the seedy world &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When the football agent Paul Stretford hid a camera behind a hotel coffee-machine before a business meeting last year, he planned to reveal a campaign of bullying and blackmail 
Carbon dioxide spike renews global warming fears The amount of carbon dioxide in the Earth #39;s atmosphere has increased faster than expected in the last two years, renewing concern that global warming may accelerate.
Violence will worsen ahead of Iraq polls, Rumsfeld warns BAGHDAD - US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, on a surprise visit to Iraq, has predicted that violence will increase ahead of January #39;s election.
Grandmother wrestles crocodile A 60-year-old grandmother jumped on the back of a crocodile as it dragged a man from his tent in northern Australia, but was then attacked by the 350-kilogram beast.
Kidnappers #39; double-headed strategy in Iraq The city of Liverpool spent the weekend in mourning for one of its residents, Mr Ken Bigley, the British hostage who was beheaded in Iraq.
Microsoft Renews Push for Living Room PC  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; is making a  renewed push this week to get its software into living rooms  with the launch of a new version of its Windows XP Media  Center, a personal computer designed for viewing movies,  listening to music and scrolling through digital pictures.
Ravens find another way to win For years, the Baltimore Ravens have done things the hard way. With a lack of offensive firepower, Baltimore has been forced to look towards its defense and special teams to pick up the slack.
Rosenfels might start against Bills FOXBORO, Mass. - Sage Rosenfels didn #39;t get a chance to be the backup kicker Sunday, but he might get a chance to play quarterback next week.
Siebel moves toward self-repairing software Siebel Systems wants to cut the costs of tending its software by teaching the programs to manage themselves.
Gizmos, graphics get open source options MySQL developers turn to an unlikely source for database tool: Microsoft. Patch readies Linux for cell phones, DVD players. Also: SGI visualizes Linux.
Oracle may cut PeopleSoft bid Tender offer could be trimmed by a third, given PeopleSoft's business prospects, top Oracle exec Safra Catz tells a court.
A new direction for Linux for gadgets MontaVista proposes a modification that could help boost the operating system for cell phones and GPS receivers.
MSN fighting Messenger difficulties, virus Outages continue to plague Microsoft's online service since the weekend, possibly due to a virus using the service to spread.
VeriSign nears new Net phone deals Ten Internet phone providers are set to use its behemoth signaling network. Does the move take away business from the Bells?
Hot servers not so cool for data center managers ATLANTA -- Low-end server technology is racing ahead of the ability of many data centers to keep the increasingly dense and fast systems cool, a problem that's stopping some IT managers from using the new machines.
Caymas introduces company and products Caymas Systems made its formal debut Monday, releasing three identity-driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
Storage vendors push decentralization Storage vendors StorageTek and Adaptec this week will boost their offerings with products that further decentralize data and storage for branch and remote offices.
IBM supersizes storage arrays IBM this week is expected to debut its highest-capacity storage arrays, although the products' real differentiator is a mix of management technologies designed to help customers get a better handle on where to store growing volumes of data.
Alitalia secures 400m euro loan Alitalia has reached agreement with the Italian government on a 400m euro (275m) loan to aid the restructuring of the struggling airline.
Comcast CEO offers olive branch to Bells Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
Rovers resume search for life on Mars AGEING but still on the go, climbing in and around craters, tapping into the mysteries of strangely cracked rocks, the two roving vehicles, Spirit and Opportunity, have explored Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled and keep finding 
Wireless Networking FCC Gives Nod to Cingular-AT amp;T Wireless Merger The FCC #39;s wireless telecommunications bureau has recommended clearing Cingular #39;s buyout of AT amp;T Wireless with only minimal divestitures from the two companies.
MR FIXIT: GO FOR LOW SCORE BORE but surely that term no longer exists if we are the opposition. After dismal displays against Slovenia and Norway at Hampden, we simply must win or face World Cup heartache.
Redskins Safety Bowen Out for Season  The Ravens score 14 points without their struggling offense taking the field Sunday night to rally past the punchless Redskins.
Dolphins may have to turn to third-string QB Jay Fiedler has a cracked rib and AJ Feeley a concussion. So the Miami Dolphins might be forced to turn to third-string quarterback Sage Rosenfels when they play the Buffalo Bills next Sunday 
Three UNC players suspended for marijuana CHAPEL HILL, North Carolina (Ticker) - University of North Carolina football players Adarius Bowman, Fred Sparkman and Isaiah Thomas have been suspended indefinitely from all team activities after being cited for marijuana possession, the school announced 
Sub #39;s crew recall fight with  #39;brutal #39; fire Survivors of a fatal fire on a Canadian submarine that was left drifting in the north Atlantic described yesterday how they thought they would suffocate in the choking fumes.
Catz: Oracle Exec Says May Drop PeopleSoft Bid By One-Third Ellison #39;s revenge. Redux. After waging acquisition war on takeover target PeopleSoft for 16 months, software giant Oracle (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ) may add insult to what some perceive as injury, again.
Report to warn of 57bn pensions shortfall Britons are saving 57 billion a year too little to pay for the costs of retirement, a government-commissioned report is expected to warn today.
Kewell calm and collected for long-awaited Socceroos return The Socceroos #39; chief crowd-puller Harry Kewell has been given the green light to play his first international on home soil in three years tonight.
Courage of our favourite Aussie A friend called and said Keith Miller had died peacefully. It was one of the few times he did anything quietly. He was a vigorous and mettlesome man who loved a yarn.
Briefly: Siebel moves toward self-repairing software roundup Plus: Monster says it could enter Japan by mid-2005...Novell to release Open Enterprise Server...Blizzard wins online game suit...CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing, expects.
Bombed Turkish synagogue reopens Istanbul's largest synagogue reopens amid tight security, 11 months after being  damaged in a suicide bomb attack.
US Stocks Gain; Shares of Citigroup, Bank of America Advance US stocks gained on optimism that third-quarter earnings this week from companies including Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp.
Global Crossing Falls as It Seeks New Financing (Update2) Shares of Global Crossing Ltd., 10 months out of bankruptcy, plunged 19 percent after the fiber- optic network operator said it needs as much as \$40 million in new loans to avoid running out of money this year.
SunTrust Banks to restate 1Q, 2Q profit ATLANTA -- SunTrust Banks Inc. said Monday that it expects to restate earnings higher for the first and second quarters of 2004 due to changes in loan loss allowances, and plans to delay its third-quarter 
US Stocks Gain; Shares of Citigroup, Bank of America Advance US stocks gained on optimism that third-quarter earnings this week from companies including Citigroup Inc. and Intel Corp. will top analysts #39; estimates.
New signs of water on the Red Planet A cracked rock called Escher is helping NASA scientists reconstruct the history of water on Mars. They say that the crater currently being explored by the Opportunity rover may have been shaped by a second 
MS, Intel Shepherd New Web Services Spec A host of companies led by Microsoft and Intel has revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have a common way to communicate.
SquawkBack Poll: Will the Red Sox or Yankees win? The contest many baseball fans wanted to see is about to begin. The Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees begin playing for the American League Championship Tuesday.
Tennis: Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas Wins in Opening Day Play of CA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sixth-seeded Argentine tennis player Guillermo Canas scored a 6-2, 6-4 win over Austrian wild card Julian Knowle to highlight the opening day of play at the CA Trophy tournament in Vienna.
Playboy who irked the Don DELIVERING the Sir Donald Bradman Oration in Brisbane last year, the celebrity interviewer Michael Parkinson compared the personal style of the Don with that of his great contemporary Keith Miller.
Baseball: Win for the Yankees Alex Rodriguez scored from third base on a wild pitch by Kyle Lohse in the top of the 11th innings, giving the New York Yankees a 6-5 win over the Minnesota Twins in their American League Divisional Series in Minneapolis.
Kim not retained as Cubs make coaching changes Third-base coach Wendell Kim, often criticized for being too aggressive in sending runners home, won #39;t be back next year. Also, Gene Clines is replacing Gary Matthews as hitting coach, with Matthews taking Clines #39; old spot at first base.
Scientist finds huge jump in gas that causes global warming &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON, Oct 11 (AFP) - Climate experts cautioned Monday that a reported consecutive annual jump in the quantity of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere might be an anomaly, without ruling out it was a sign of rapid global warming.
Alitalia secures 400m euro loan Alitalia reaches agreement with the Italian government about a 400m euro loan needed to fund a major restructuring of the business and to ensure its survival.
Yukos Ordered To Pay \$1.3 Billion in Tax Debt The Russian government is demanding a total of \$4.09 billion for 2001 from Yukos. Apart from the fines, more than \$3 billion in back taxes are being docked from the oil giant #39;s frozen accounts.
CSC Wins \$1.35 billion Contract Computer Sciences Corporation has won a ten-year, \$1.35 billion contract to manage telephone and computer networks for Ascension Health, the largest nonprofit health care system in the US 
Trio in ALCS spotlight I #39;m one of those people who believe there is an aura around this Red Sox team that will enable Boston to prevail over the Yankees in the latest postseason showdown between these two bitter rivals.
One reported dead after at least three rockets slam into Kabul &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL, Afghanistan One person is reported dead after at least three rockets slammed into an area of the Afghan capital of Kabul near the US Embassy.
Alitalia Signs Agreement With Dresdner Alitalia SpA has signed an agreement for a euro400 million (US\$496 million) bridge loan, the struggling Italian airline said Monday.
Phelps Dodge Plans Mine Expansion Phelps Dodge Corp., one of the world #39;s largest copper producers, said Monday its board approved an \$850 million expansion to triple production at the Cerro Verde mine in Peru, with the company ceding some of its stake in the mine in the process.
FTC sues alleged spyware distributors The US Federal Trade Commission filed a legal complaint last week against two companies that are believed to have infected computers with spyware and pop-up advertising and then attempted to sell their owners anti-spyware software.
Vodafone Software Enables SMS from Desktop Vodafone UK has introduced a service that will allow businesses to send and receive text messages from their desktops. The Vodafone Text Center is interoperable with MS Outlook and IBM Lotus Notes.
Vendors announce new Web Services Specification AMD, Intel Corporation, Microsoft Corp. and Sun Microsystems have announced the publication of Web Services Management (WS-Management), a Web services specification that addresses the cost and complexity of 
Henin calls a halt to exhausting year Belgium #39;s Justine Henin-Hardenne will not play for the rest of the year in an attempt to recover from exhaustion. The former world No1 has not competed since losing in the fourth round of the US Open to Nadia 
Vick struggling in new offensive scheme Michael Vick can do some amazing things with a football. But first, he #39;s got to hang on to it. Vick had three turnovers in the Atlanta Falcons #39; first loss of the season -- all of them having a crucial impact on the game.
Dettori back on top of the pile Though the fall suffered by Kieren Fallon in a nondescript race at Leicester yesterday may not have brought his challenge for the jockeys #39; title to an end, it may yet prove to have brought a brilliant contest to a brutal conclusion.
CommScope Says Costs Rise, Sales to Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Communications cable maker CommScope  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CTV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CTV.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday projected higher fourth-quarter costs  and lower sales at an Omaha manufacturing subsidiary, losing  nearly a quarter of its stock market value in after-market  trading.
Tractor Supply 3rd-Quarter Earnings Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Farming supply retailer Tractor Supply  Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported that its earnings fell in the  third quarter because of higher freight costs, higher costs for  steel and other commodities and a shift in sales to lower  margin hurricane-related items.
Nuclear assets 'vanish' in Iraq Technology which could help produce a nuclear bomb has gone missing in Iraq since the invasion, the UN warns.
Millions facing pensions 'misery' Millions of Britons face retirement poverty unless they work longer or save more to plug a 57bn shortfall, a government-inspired report is due to say.
Westfield and Multiplex team up to bid for Chelsfield MELBOURNE: Global shopping mall owner Westfield Group will team up with Australian developer Multiplex Group to bid 585mil (US\$1.
CORRECTED: Stocks Rise Before Earnings Blitz US stocks advanced on Monday as investors showed optimism that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected, but crude oil prices at a fresh record near \$54 a barrel curbed gains.
Stocks End Higher Before Earnings Blitz US stocks advanced slightly on Monday as investors were optimistic that corporate earnings reports may exceed expectations, but oil at a fresh record near \$54 a barrel curbed gains.
MDM Delivers Directions on-the-Go MDM today announced a new mobile travel solution application for Palm OS and other platform handhelds. Directions on-the-Go offers navigational assistance without the need for a GPS or wireless connection.
Becks #39; absence is both good and bad news BAKU (Azerbaijan) - David Beckham is so popular in Azerbaijan that the country #39;s coach, Carlos Alberto, is slightly disappointed that the England skipper will be missing when their teams meet in their World Cup qualifying match here tomorrow.
Giants #39; Tim Carter done with hip injury Wide receiver Tim Carter of the New York Giants will miss the remainder of the season because of a hip injury. Carter suffered a fractured hip socket during the third quarter 
MEPs:  #39;Homophobic #39; justice chief must quit Italy #39;s European commissioner-designate, Rocco Buttiglione, faced a formal call from MEPs for his resignation yesterday over his description of homosexuality as a  quot;sin quot;.
Mrs Crocodile Dundee, 60, wrestles with reptile to save camper  quot;The crocodile walked into the tent and dragged the man out. A 60-year-old woman in an adjacent tent heard the commotion and jumped on the crocodile quot; - Stephen Pemberthy, Royal Flying Doctor Service.
Thin trading keeps renewed optimism in slight check OPTIMISM that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected gave US shares a fillip yesterday. But trade was thin as some markets including the bond market were closed for the Columbus Day holiday.
Screen glut cuts net 15 at LG.Philips SEOUL LG.Philips LCD said Monday that third-quarter net profit fell 15 percent as prices for flat screens for televisions and computers declined.
Glitch Disrupts EBay's PayPal Service (AP) AP - Repairs were underway Monday at PayPal as the widely used online payment service struggled to get customers back on track after several days of "intermittent" outages.
'Doonesbury' Strip Crashes 'Union Leader' Web Site (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK The Union Leader's Web site crashed this morning after Garry Trudeau put its URL in today's "Doonesbury."
Microsoft Renews Push for Living Room PC (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  is making a\renewed push this week to get its software into living rooms\with the launch of a new version of its Windows XP Media\Center, a personal computer designed for viewing movies,\listening to music and scrolling through digital pictures.
Caymas introduces company and products (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Caymas Systems made its formal debut Monday, releasing three identity-driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
New Effort to Target Illegal Ivory Sales (AP) AP - The African elephant got a new line of defense against poachers Monday after a global wildlife conference approved measures aimed at wiping out the continent's illegal ivory trade.
Flu Shot Disaster Shows Communications Gap-FDA (Reuters) Reuters - The decision by British authorities\to suspend the license of a major influenza vaccine\manufacturer just before the vaccine was to be shipped shows a\need for better communication, acting FDA chief Dr. Lester\Crawford said on Monday.
Russia Plans 500-Day Mock Mars Mission (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Russian space researchers will lock six men in a metal tube for more than year in an effort to mimic the stresses and challenges of a manned mission to Mars.
Comet Crashing Mission Prepped For Launch (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - BOULDER, COLORADO -- Engineers here at Ball Aerospace  amp; Technologies Corporation are readying NASA's Deep Impact mission for shipping this month to Cape Canaveral, Florida.
Crisis Over, Afghanistan Heads for Vote Count (Reuters) Reuters - With a threatened boycott its historic\presidential election firmly relegated to the background,\Afghanistan took first steps on Tuesday to begin counting\votes.
Outspoken British envoy may lose job for denouncing Uzbek torture (AFP) AFP - The British ambassador to Uzbekistan, Craig Murray, could be facing the sack for his outspoken criticism of the regime in Tashkent which he accuses of widespread torture of opponents, a British newspaper said.
Some Iraqi Insurgents Turning in Weapons (AP) AP - Shiite fighters in tracksuits and sneakers unloaded cars full of machine guns, mortars and land mines Monday as a five-day, weapons-for-cash disarmament program kicked off in Baghdad's Sadr City district  #151; a sign of progress in the center of Shiite resistance in Iraq.
Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate (AP) AP - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling.
Congress OKs  #36;136B Corporate Tax-Cut Bill (AP) AP - The Senate shipped President Bush a wide-ranging  #36;136 billion corporate tax-cut bill and a disaster aid package on Monday, letting lawmakers head home for the finale of the presidential and congressional campaigns.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks Lower on Profit-Taking Tokyo stocks fell Monday morning as investors took profits from recent gains. The US dollar was weaker against the Japanese yen and the euro.
U.S. Raps Cuba on Its Presence Abroad (AP) AP - The State Department is accusing Cuba of training Colombian rebels and says it is troubled by a large presence of Cuban personnel in Venezuela, whose president, Hugo Chavez, is a close ally of Cuban President Fidel Castro.
Oracle sees PeopleSoft profit declining PeopleSoft's profit may drop "significantly" this year, according to testimony by an Oracle executive.
Founder set to quit Chelsfield Elliott Bernerd has agreed to walk away from the property empire he built over two decades for about 65m cash after falling out with his billionaire business partners.
No more peanuts Hugo Chavez, the president of Venezuela caricatured in the mask above, is raising taxes on oil companies in the Orinoco Belt from 1pc to 16.
Australian authorities OK Qantas merger SYDNEY, Australia -- Australian authorities Tuesday approved a proposed alliance between Qantas and Air New Zealand - but the decision came too late for the airlines as the New Zealand High Court last month rejected the tie-up.
Glitch disrupts eBay #39;s PayPal service SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Repairs were underway Monday at PayPal as the widely used online payment service struggled to get customers back on track after several days of  quot;intermittent quot; outages.
Oracle sees PeopleSoft profit declining PeopleSoft #39;s profit may drop  quot;significantly quot; this year and may have trouble surviving on its own, according to testimony Monday by an Oracle executive.
Sainsbury #39;s forced to issue third profits warning J Sainsbury bowed to pressure from the City watchdog yesterday and admitted that interim profits were likely to plunge - the third time it has issued a profits warning in the past seven months.
Murdochs men do media mambo News Corporation (NCP) and The DIRECTV Group, Inc. today announced a number of transactions within the Latin America media market that will see DIRECTV Group paying \$579 million in cash for the equity stakes in other News Corp controlled companies.
Government  #39;must take bold decisions #39; over pensioners BRITAIN cannot wait any longer for the government to take radical action to resolve the countrys growing pensions crisis, ministers were warned last night.
CommScope Shares Plunge 3Q on Sales View Shares of CommScope Inc. fell more than 20 percent in the extended session Monday after the maker of coaxial and fiber-optic cables revised its sales outlook and announced plans for cost reductions and price increases.
Microsoft plans to announce new media center Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software company, is planning to launch 2005 version of their Media Center software program on Oct. 12.
Apple Fan Sites Buzz with Talk of Photo-Ready iPod Is Apple Computer Inc. AAPL.O fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more storage and a color screen to display photos?
Sans list warns of Unix version control risk New threats to Unix users include a widely used software development aid known as concurrent version control, according to the latest annual Sans Top 20 vulnerability report.
New Worm Attacks MSN Messenger As Service Falters Another candidate in the growing list of exploits on instant messaging clients and servers arrived in the wild. Called W32.Funner, the worm on Monday circulated to attack on the Windows Messenger platform.
Sri Lanka reach final RAWALPINDI (Pakistan): Sri Lanka qualified for the final of a three-nation one-day tournament yesterday after their match with Zimbabwe was called off due to overnight rain.
Despite injuries, McNair and Favre to start Monday Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair and Green Bay Packers signal-caller Brett Favre are expected to start Monday night #39;s game at Lambeau Field.
No beating about the bush, Miller was Australian in excelsis The office of Australia #39;s longest-serving prime minister Sir Robert Menzies was famously decorated by two framed images. One was a painting by Tom Roberts, capturing the austere, sun-blasted beauty of a bush 
Americans Win Gold at World Cyber Games (AP) AP - Amid fanfare fit for actual world-class athletes, five Americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal in the popular "Counter Strike" competition of the World Cyber Games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite.
France May Allow Jamming of Mobile Phones (AP) AP - Watch a movie or make a mobile phone call. Soon, in France, you might not be able to do both at once.
Apple Fan Sites Buzz with Talk of Photo-Ready iPod (Reuters) Reuters - Is Apple Computer Inc. \fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more\storage and a color screen to display photos?
Oracle May Drop PeopleSoft Bid (AP) AP - Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. could drop by one-third to one-fourth, Oracle co-president Safra Catz said Monday.
Apple Fan Sites Buzz with Talk of Photo-Ready iPod  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Is Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more  storage and a color screen to display photos?
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower; Dollar Slips (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday on concerns about higher oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Tractor Supply 3rd-Quarter Earnings Drop (Reuters) Reuters - Farming supply retailer Tractor Supply\Co.  on Monday reported that its earnings fell in the\third quarter because of higher freight costs, higher costs for\steel and other commodities and a shift in sales to lower\margin hurricane-related items.
Japan Stocks Open Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.39 percent  at the opening on Tuesday after a rise in crude oil to another  record high put a damper on the appetites of investors  returning from a three-day weekend.
Newsview: Flawed Candidates Neck and Neck (AP) AP - After two debates, voters have seen President Bush look peevish and heard him pass the buck. They've watched Sen. John Kerry deny he's a flip-flopper and then argue that Saddam Hussein was a threat  #151; and wasn't.
Bird nest thefts at record UK low Thefts of British birds' eggs reached a record low in 2003, according to a report from the RSPB.
God Has 4,000 Loudspeakers; the State Holds Its Ears The Egyptian minister of religion decided that one official call to prayer would be broadcast live and carried by all of Cairo's mosques. Many of the faithful objected.
IBM to refresh storage lineup Big Blue is set to announce new disk storage products Tuesday, as it fights to regain market share in data storage gear.
Wi-Fi not a slam dunk for basketball Maverick NBA franchise owner Mark Cuban nixes plans to let Dallas Mavericks ticket-holders get Wi-Fi access from their seats.
Qantas-Air NZ merger backed AN Australian tribunal today gave the green light to a proposed alliance between Qantas Airways Ltd and Air New Zealand Ltd, even though the airlines are no longer able to pursue the tie-up the way they had planned.
Sainsbury warning  #39;could be followed by another #39; J Sainsbury, the deeply troubled supermarket group, yesterday gave its third profits warning since March, and some analysts fear that a fourth could arrive as early as next Tuesday.
Britons fear poverty Nationwide, the UK #39;s largest building society, yesterday warned that more than 40pc of Britons believe they face a retirement of financial hardship, while the Consumers 
Verizon Wireless to Add 16 Cities to Broadband Verizon Wireless, the largest US wireless company, will expand its high-speed data service to 16 markets by the end of the year, the chairman of Verizon Communications Inc.
Rooney  #39;blackmail #39; trio are cleared LONDON: A judge threw out all charges yesterday against three men accused of blackmailing teenage soccer star Wayne Rooney #39;s agent.
Peirsol breaks own world record in 200 backstroke Aaron Peirsol of the United States lowered his own world record in the 200-meter backstroke at the Short Course World Championships on Monday night.
Acquaintances hope drugs aren #39;t cause HOUSTON -- Former National League MVP Ken Caminiti #39;s death came as a shock to those who believed the former slugger was turning his life around after being released from jail last week on a 2001 drug charge.
Leicester in shock as Adams quits in a move which astonished his employers - as he believed that his own anxiety was spreading through the dressing room during the team #39;s poor start to the season.
Crew Reounts  #39;Nightmare #39; on the Atlantic After five days at sea in the dark and aboard a dead submarine, the crew of the HMCS Chicoutimi is telling tales of heroism and fear.
NIGERIA: New fuel strike shuts down key cities LAGOS, 11 Oct 2004 (IRIN) - Several of Nigeria #39;s biggest cities were paralysed on Monday as labour unions began a four-day general strike to protest at the latest fuel price increases under President Olusegun Obasanjos deregulation programme.
Chirac calls for closer ties Visiting French President Jacques Chirac yesterday pushed for stronger economic and political ties with China, emphasizing mutual respect and equality in foreign relations in his speech at Tongji University in Shanghai.
China, Annan agree on UN reform Beijing, Oct 12. (PTI): Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing today held in-depth exchange of views with visiting UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on global hotspot issues, including Iraq, and reached  quot;consensus quot; on the reform of the United Nations.
TELECOM '04 - Changing telecom industry meets in Vegas LAS VEGAS - U.S. carriers and infrastructure providers are gathering this week at the Telecom '04 trade show in Las Vegas amid rapid changes in the telecommunications industry, including cable companies roaring into the voice business and phone companies switching on TV services.
Indians, Independents Dominate Bolivia Election  LA PAZ, Bolivia (Reuters) - Indigenous groups and  independent candidates were poised to win local elections in  Bolivia on Sunday, while support for traditional parties sank  further after a popular revolt last year toppled former  president Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada.
New Media Center OS Unveiled Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 supports DVD burning, HDTV, and improved support for mobile devices.
Pensions - your views Britons are set to face some stark choices over their pensions with the publication of a new report on Tuesday. The Pension Commission #39;s independent report is expected to warn that the UK population needs 
Notes: Mendoza added to roster The Red Sox will make one roster change for the start of the American League Championship Series, adding a veteran reliever in Ramiro Mendoza who is no stranger to postseason 
Agent of Man Utd #39;s Rooney has blackmail case thrown out The agent of Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has been accused of misleading a court as charges were dropped against three men accused of blackmailing him.
Peirsol sets 200 back world record American swimmer Aaron Peirsol set a world record of one minute and 50.52 seconds in the men #39;s 200-meter backstroke final here Monday at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Amnesty defied as militants hang on to their arms Militants loyal to Moqtada al-Sadr failed to hand over substantial quantities of heavy weapons on the first day of a disarmament plan yesterday, bringing threats from the US 
Corruption case casts shadow on Mbeki  #39;heir #39; The probity of the man tipped as South Africa #39;s next leader was on trial yesterday when a businessman appeared in court accused of paying more than 110,000 in bribes.
Federal employees get special treatment on car usage, say documents (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Nearly 460,000 Canadians on the federal payroll are eligible to be reimbursed tax-free for using their cars on government business, according to documents obtained by The Canadian Press.
Cheney: Kerry's View of Terrorism 'Naive' (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, pursuing Republican votes in a reliably Democratic state, said Monday that Sen. John Kerry's view of terrorism reflects a naivete and an inability to recognize the seriousness of the threat.
Edwards Calls for Crackdown on Meth Labs (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards called Monday for tighter restrictions on the sale of nonprescription cold medicines that could be used to make methamphetamine.
Radical pension reforms to be urged Millions face poverty in old age without radical reforms, analysts expect a politically sensitive report on Britain #39;s creaking pensions system to say today.
Software glitch disrupts eBay #39;s PayPal online payment service SAN JOSE, Calif. -- The operators of the online payment service PayPal say efforts are underway to fix  quot;intermittent #39; #39; outages that have bugged the service for several days.
Merck seeking new CEO The Wall Street Journal reports Merck  amp; Co. of Whitehouse Station, NJ, has begun hunting for a new chief executive officer. The move comes amid a string of bad news at the drug maker, including its recent 
Astros Lead Braves 3-0 After Three Innings (AP) AP - Carlos Beltran belted a solo home run to right field, his second of the series off Atlanta starter Jaret Wright, to put the Houston Astros ahead of the Braves 3-0 after three innings in the decisive Game 5 of their NL Division Series on Monday night.
Rivera Says He Plans to Return for Game 1 (AP) AP - Yankees closer Mariano Rivera said he plans to return from a family funeral in Panama on Tuesday in time for Game 1 of the AL championship series against Boston. Rivera flew home to comfort relatives after two members of his wife's family were electrocuted in his pool. The ALCS begins Tuesday night at Yankee Stadium.
Microsoft to Announce Media Center OS Update Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 supports DVD burning, HDTV, and improved support for mobile devices. Microsoft will unveil the latest version of its media-oriented operating system tomorrow, positioning 
Beckham - foul  #39;was deliberate #39; David Beckham has admitted the foul on Ben Thatcher which earned him a yellow card in England #39;s World Cup qualifying win over Wales was premeditated.
FEATURE-Splendid disregard for convention marked Miller Deep in thought, almost certainly unrelated to the task in hand, Keith Miller once led 12 men on to the field for New South Wales.
John Madden I think we are going to see two chippy teams and the start of the game in particular may be a little different, both teams want their players to come out and be passionate, fired up and ready to play and I think maybe we will see both teams come out just 
A-Rod Right in the Middle of Rivalry (AP) AP - Alex Rodriguez is just glad he ended up on this side of the rivalry. Third base, shortstop, doesn't matter  #151; as long as he's a Yankee.
Tar Heels Suspend 3 Players Indefinitely (AP) AP - North Carolina suspended wide receiver Adarius Bowman, linebacker Fred Sparkman and defensive tackle Isaiah Thomas indefinitely after they were cited for possession of marijuana by campus police, the school said Monday.
Caminiti Dead at 41 of Possible Heart Attack  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Former National League Most Valuable  Player Ken Caminiti, who in 2002 admitted he used steroids,  died of an apparent heart attack in New York on Sunday, Major  League Baseball said on Monday.
Autopsy Performed on Ken Caminiti An autopsy was performed on Ken Caminiti on Monday, though the cause of the 1996 National League M.V.P.'s death may not be known for 10 days.
Dollar Hovers Near 1-Month Low Vs Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar hovered near a one-month low  against the yen on Tuesday after disappointing U.S. hiring  figures last week fueled speculation the Federal Reserve could  press "pause" on its current tightening cycle.
Higher Fuel Costs Starting to Hit Consumers As the price of energy resumes its upward march, ordinary Americans are getting in their pocketbooks.
Royal  amp; Sun Alliance offshores 1100 jobs to India ROYAL  amp; Sun Alliance, the number two general insurer in the UK, will ship 1100 British jobs to India over the next two years in an attempt to cut costs.
Minister hints at pension switch The government will today face intense pressure to signal a shift away from means-tested pensions in the face of the independent Turner commission report #39;s startling finding that Britain faces a 57bn annual pensions gap.
Stonecipher: Boeing Will Win US Air-Tanker Deal In The End Boeing (nyse: BA - news - people ) Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher is keeping the faith. On Monday, the head of the aerospace and military contractor insists he #39;s confident his firm will ultimately win out 
Horse tested positive for banned drugs DUBLIN, Ireland -- An equestrian doping scandal could cost Ireland its only gold medal from the Athens Olympics. Cian O #39;Connor won the individual show jumping gold aboard Waterford Crystal, but the horse was 
EU ends 11-year sanctions against Libya The EU has ended 11 years of sanctions against Libya and eased an arms embargo to reward the country for giving up plans to develop weapons of mass destruction.
MEPs reject candidate who called gays sinful Jos Manuel Barroso, the incoming European commission president, was under strong pressure last night to dump Rocco Buttiglione, a professed opponent of women #39;s and gay rights, as the next commissioner for justice and security, after the European 
UN wants \$97 mln for security after Iraq blast The United Nations has proposed a major \$97 million (54 million pound) overhaul of its security system with 778 new posts, a response to devastating safety reports after the 2003 bombing of its offices in Iraq.
Challenges Likely As Ohio Certifies Vote (AP) AP - Two major challenges are expected to unfold Monday when Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell certifies the state's final presidential election results, declaring President Bush the winner by about 119,000 votes.
Australia #39;s Tasmania State Rating Raised to AA, S amp;P Says The Australian state of Tasmania #39;s long- term local and foreign currency credit ratings have been raised one level to AA because the state government is reducing debt, Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Corp.
Gates to unveil Media Center PCs Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates on Tuesday will take center stage at Los Angeles #39; Shrine Auditorium, home of the Emmy Awards, to herald his vision for the next big thing in computing.
Ex-NASA Worker Charged for Faking Exams A former NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court, and his attorney called him  quot;meticulous in his work.
McCulloch deserves his call-up, says Davies Billy Davies believes Lee McCulloch is mature enough to handle his Scotland call-up in the midst of an international crisis. The Preston North End manager nurtured the powerful striker during his spell in 
Team to talk with at least 3 more about managerial job PHOENIX -- Bob Melvin spoke to the Arizona Diamondbacks about becoming the team #39;s manager on Monday, joining Mark Grace and Al Pedrique as candidates to be interviewed for the job.
Schottenheimer fumes over perceived cheap shot The San Diego Chargers coach went off during his weekly news conference when he was asked what he thought about nose tackle Jamal Williams punching Jacksonville center Brad Meester at the end of a play in the second quarter of the Chargers #39; 34-21 win on 
Blair pledges welfare reforms in third term LONDON: Britain #39;s Tony Blair yesterday set out his vision for a third term in office in a bid to shift the spotlight onto domestic policies that win or lose elections and off the divisive war in Iraq.
Mount St. Helens Releases More Steam (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens vented more steam Monday as new thermal images revealed that parts of the lava dome in its crater are piping hot, a sign that magma continues to rise within the volcano.
Officials Say Sea Turtles Declining (AP) AP - Despite a federal rule changing the type of hooks that longline fishermen may use, the sea turtle population is declining, officials say.
Robot Helps Police Arrest Murder Suspect (AP) AP - A robot helped police nab a murder suspect who had eluded Westomoreland County authorities for three months.
Corporate Tax Measure Approved After nearly three years of jockeying by legions of business groups, the Senate passed a \$137 billion corporate tax bill on Monday that gave something to almost everyone.
Oil Prices Top \$53 a Barrel, Set Record Oil futures prices advanced to a new high Monday as a strike began in Africa's largest exporter of crude, exacerbating global supply concerns at a time of strong demand and reduced output in the hurricane-ravaged Gulf of Mexico.    Worries about Russian oil supplies also persist as oil giant Yukos, already struggling to repay a multibillion-dollar back-tax bill, got hit Monday with \$1.34 billion in fines...
Rivera Comforts Relatives in Panama NEW YORK - Amid the bustle of the New York clubhouse, Mariano Rivera's untouched locker stood out as a reminder that the New York Yankees might be without their best pitcher in the opener of the American League championship series.    Rivera flew home to Puerto Caimito, Panama, after two family members were electrocuted in his pool, leaving the possibility that he might not be available for Game 1 of the ALCS against the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday...
Some Iraqi Insurgents Turning in Weapons BAGHDAD, Iraq - Shiite fighters in tracksuits and sneakers unloaded cars full of machine guns, mortars and land mines Monday as a five-day, weapons-for-cash disarmament program kicked off in Baghdad's Sadr City district - a sign of progress in the center of Shiite resistance in Iraq.    A lasting peace in the sprawling slum would allow U.S...
Bush, Kerry Court Voters in New Mexico SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...
DirecTV Reorganizes Latin American Satellite Business (Update4) Rupert Murdoch #39;s DirecTV Group Inc. will pay \$579 million to consolidate its Latin American operations with other Murdoch-controlled satellite-television businesses in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and Chile.
Aristocrat gets credit tick SIGNS of a  quot;turnaround and improved performance quot; at pokies maker Aristocrat Leisure have prompted a credit upgrade from ratings agency Standard  amp; Poor #39;s.
Automakers look to rev up sales with fun new ads Tired of the heavy political ads, the ones that weigh you down with negativity, blame for national problems and division? Now there #39;s less reason to fret the breaks in your TV shows.
MSN fighting Messenger difficulties, virus People using Microsoft instant messaging software, MSN Messenger, may have been a mite lonely this weekend, with only a virus to keep them company.
Melvin, Grace Candidates for D-Backs Job PHOENIX - Bob Melvin spoke to the Arizona Diamondbacks about becoming the team #39;s manager on Monday, joining Mark Grace and Al Pedrique as candidates interviewed for the job.
Peirsol Breaks Own World Mark in 200 Back INDIANAPOLIS - Aaron Peirsol of the United States lowered his own world record in the 200-meter backstroke at the Short Course World Championships on Monday night.
Mitsubishi starts ad campaign in US to improve image NEW YORK - Mitsubishi Motors North America Inc launched a television ad campaign on Monday to improve its brand image that has been tarnished by a series of recall-related scandals over the past year.
Action Urged over Soaring Greenhouse Gas Levels The Governments chief scientist will today highlight the need for action in combating global warning amid reports the main greenhouse gas is rising sharply.
Oil futures rise toward \$US54 Crude oil futures in New York rose to a record-high settlement overnight for the fifth straight session, closing just below \$US54 a barrel, reflecting real and perceived threats to global oil supply.
Advo Names Harding CEO Advo Inc. (AD), which publishes shopping ad circulars and provides other direct-mail marketing services, on Monday said its board of directors had elected Scott Harding chief executive, effective Oct. 15.
BACS looks to conquer Europe BACS, the UK clearing house and operator of the direct debit system, will today announce it is changing its name to Voca and planning to muscle in on the continental European market for automated payments.
CommScope Says Costs Rise, Sales to Fall Communications cable maker CommScope Inc. (CTV.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday projected higher fourth-quarter costs and lower sales at an Omaha manufacturing subsidiary, losing 
Microsoft #39;s latest plan for TV Television has been something of a great white whale for Microsoft. The company has tried to sell WebTV and build software for TVs and cable boxes.
NASA Space Station Status Report 11 October 2004 The 10th crew of the International Space Station is scheduled to launch from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan Oct. 13 at 11:06 pm EDT for a six-month stay aboard the orbiting laboratory.
Kookaburras defend Pakistan pull-out Australian hockey officials have defended their decision to withdraw the Kookaburras from December #39;s prestigious Champions Trophy tournament in Pakistan.
Real play down Beckham injury Spanish giants Real Madrid on Monday played down the seriousness of midfielder David Beckham #39;s rib injury and said that the England skipper could play this weekend.
Caminiti struggled off the field SAN DIEGO -- Ken Caminiti was fearless on a baseball field, where he made incredible stops at third base, swatted home runs from both sides of the plate and played through pain that would wither most anyone else.
Melvin interviews for Arizona job Bob Melvin spoke to the Arizona Diamondbacks about becoming the team #39;s manager on Monday, joining Mark Grace and Al Pedrique as candidates interviewed for the job.
Offense at fault in Skins #39; skid The good news for coach Joe Gibbs and the Washington Redskins is that despite scoring just 10 points Sunday night against Baltimore and 13 against Cleveland the previous Sunday, the Redskins are not last in the NFL in points scored.
 #39;Sudden jump #39; in greenhouse gases LONDON, England -- A US scientist is reported to have observed a surprising jump in the amount of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas.
US exit poll gives Karzai victory Afghanistan #39;s election crisis seemed to be over yesterday when the main opposition challenger, Yunus Qanooni, withdrew his threat to boycott the result.
Congressman Want to Tax Federal Gov't (AP) AP - Two congressional Republicans who blame the federal government for meager education funding in the West said Monday they want to tax the federal government's vast landholdings across 12 Western states.
Nikkei Falls on Higher Oil Price  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell 1 percent by  midsession on Tuesday as auto makers declined following a rise  in crude oil to another record high, and as the yen's rise  against the dollar stoked concern over exporters' earnings.
SEC:  Rules on Executive Pay Could Change In the flood of corporate reform unleashed by recent business scandals, one issue has been largely ignored, shareholder activists say: the stratospheric level of executive pay and the nearly impossible task investors face in trying to figure out who is getting how much.
Security Tight for Anniversary of Bali Bombings  KUTA BEACH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Security was tight in  this tourist center on the island of Bali as ceremonies began  on Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of bomb blasts that  killed 202 people, mostly foreigners.
Senate Approves \$143B Corporate Tax Measure The move sends President Bush a 650-page measure that reduces taxes for domestic manufacturers, builders and even Hollywood studios and doles out scores of tax breaks for interests groups.
Boeing Expects Air Force Contract Boeing Co. still expects to receive a contract to build 100 refueling planes for the Air Force, chief executive Harry C. Stonecipher said Monday.
Oil Firms Say Iraqi Purchases Were Legal Two large American oil companies that received profitable vouchers to buy Iraqi oil under the United Nations' oil-for-food program said yesterday that the purchases complied with U.S. law.
SunTrust to Restate Earnings SunTrust Banks Inc. will restate its earnings for the first two quarters of the year after discovering errors in how it sets aside money to cover problem loans.
'Enron of Kansas' Trial Begins In the recent annals of corporate fraud, the names Enron, Tyco and WorldCom ring the loudest.
Pension Promise No Guarantee of Security With just eight years to go, Steve Derebey had been eyeing his mandatory retirement age with something close to relief.
US tackled on al-Qaeda suspects A human rights group accuses the US of holding al-Qaeda suspects at secret locations in violation of legal norms.
Techno tricks used to ring roulette winnings London - Three gamblers who have used a James Bond-style laser device to win more than 1-million (R11,24-million) at the Ritz in March did nothing illegal, police have concluded.
Selling Prescription Drugs to the Consumer The issue of drug advertising directly aimed at consumers is becoming political.
After Siege, Russians' Grief Turns to Anger More than five weeks after hundreds perished in the seizure of School No. 1 by Chechen separatists, Beslan remains a town reeling from grief, shock, rage and disbelief, a town whose suffering seems only compounded by the day.
Novel Look at Gandhi's Affections Of all the seekers and spiritualists who were drawn to Mohandas K. Gandhi during his long, nonviolent struggle against British colonial rule, perhaps none stood out so vividly as a tall, broad-shouldered and rather imperious-looking Englishwoman named Madeleine Slade.
Blair  #39;Should Broker Deal to Boost Aid Spending #39; Prime Minister Tony Blair was urged today to use Britains upcoming presidency of the G8 to broker a global agreement to cancel poor countries debt and double spending on aid.
Stocks post small gains as investors await earnings NEW YORK Stocks drifted higher yesterday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
Michigan #39;s freshman duo gains confidence The college football world is starting to realize how many difference makers Michigan boasts in its offense because true freshman quarterback Chad Henne has figured out how to lock onto multiple targets.
Woman rescues fellow camper from crocodile #39;s jaws A 60-year-old woman jumped on to the back of a crocodile yesterday, tackling it to free a man trapped in its jaws. The four-metre (13ft) crocodile grabbed the 34-year-old man as he slept in a tent with his 
Yao Measures Up in U.S. and China (Reuters) Reuters - Smashing stereotypes forged over\centuries and bearing the burden of being an inspiration to a\billion compatriots is a mighty tall order.
Crisis Over, Afghanistan Heads for Vote Count  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan was preparing on Tuesday to  count votes after rivals of President Hamid Karzai said they  had withdrawn their rejection of the weekend presidential poll.
Polanco Pitches Well Aaron Polanco's ability to run Navy's option offense will be the key to the Mids' attempt to defeat Notre Dame for the first time in 40 tries this Saturday.
Donovan Captains Team With longtime captain Claudio Reyna sidelined with a thigh injury, Coach Bruce Arena feels comfortable tapping 22-year-old phenom Landon Donovan to captain the U.S. squad.
Good Show, But Not Great With few top-shelf teams this season, several factors are contributing to a shortage of quality, well-played NFL games.
Giants May Lose Carter Tim Carter, the New York Giants' best deep-threat wide receiver, might miss the rest of the season with a hip injury.
Marty Gets Mad Chargers Coach Marty Schottenheimer lashes out at his news conference at Jacksonville center Brad Meester for what he believes was a cheap shot on Chargers nose tackle Jamal Williams.
Southeast Asia Takes Aim at Illegal Wildlife Trade (Reuters) Reuters - Southeast Asia announced on Monday its\first coordinated effort against the multi-billion dollar\illegal wildlife trade, drawing praise from conservationists\despite giving no timetable for the plan.
Foe Catches Van Hollen With Web Guard Down GOP candidate for Congress Charles R. Floyd bought three Internet domain names with Van Hollen's name and turned them into Web sites carrying unflattering comments about the freshman congressman's record.
Cranes rain down as peace gesture Millions of origami paper cranes yesterday rained down upon Thailand #39;s three violence-torn southern provinces in an extravagant government-sponsored gesture aimed at bringing peace to the predominantly Muslim region.
Bank Overstated Loan Loss Reserves for First Two Quarters SunTrust Banks Inc. will restate its earnings for the first two quarters of the year after discovering errors in how it sets aside money to cover problem loans.
NASA Says Repairs Have Lessened Worries About Shortages As a new crew prepares to lift off tomorrow for the international space station, NASA officials say they are less worried than they were two weeks ago about problems with its oxygen generator and growing shortages of food and spare parts.
SGI launches Linux-based visual computer line Silicon Graphics (SGI) has launched the successor line to its Onyx visualization systems. Called Prism, the systems will be based on Intel #39;s Itanium 2 processor and the Linux operating system.
New IM Worm On The Loose A new worm that spreads via Microsoft #39;s instant messaging client began badgering users Monday, several security firms said. Dubbed Funner, the worm propagates by sending itself to all the contacts listed in 
MDM announces Directions on-the-go Mobile Digital Media (MDM) in introducing new mobile travel solutions offered on a CD-ROM for Palm OS, Windows Mobile and Nokia Series 60 mobile phones.
CITES forbids commercial trade in rare dolphin BANGKOK - A UN conference last week banned commercial trade in the rare Irrawaddy dolphin, a move environmentalists said was needed to save the threatened species.
Rooney agent trial: Three cleared Three men have been cleared of blackmailing football agent Paul Stretford after it emerged he had misled the court. John Hyland, Christopher Bacon and Anthony Bacon were on trial at Warrington Crown Court 
Beltran #39;s Second HR Puts Astros Up 4-2 Housto Astros #39; Carlos Beltran celebrates his solo homerun in the fifth inning of Game 5 of the National League Division Series against the Atlanta Braves at Turner Field in Atlanta, Monday Oct. 11, 2004.
Moqtada Al-Sadr #39;s militia strikes deal with US forces TONY EASTLEY: Fighters loyal to Iraqi Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada Al-Sadr have begun handing over their weapons, in a deal designed to end fighting between the militiamen and US-led forces in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City.
11.10 / 17:48  0 President Roh says N. Korea won #39;t  #39;go to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Astana - Hanoi, October 11 KAZINFORM -- President Roh Moo-hyun said Monday he did not expect North Korea to go to extremes over the issue of its nuclear weapons development program.
Security Tight for Anniversary of Bali Bombings (Reuters) Reuters - Security was tight in\this tourist center on the island of Bali as ceremonies began\on Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of bomb blasts that\killed 202 people, mostly foreigners.
SGI to Ship Intel Linux Workstation Silicon Graphics Inc. announced that it will ship a new Intel Itanium-based Linux workstation that the company says is the most powerful of its kind in the world.
Schilling Is Prized Starter for Game 1 The first fight of the 2004 season between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox did not occur on a warm, pleasant April day at Fenway Park.
Uncomfortable diplomatic moment for Kofi Annan TONY EASTLEY: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has uncomfortably seen for himself China #39;s continuing sensitivity to any questioning of the government #39;s human rights record.
Nikkei Falls on Higher Oil Price The Nikkei average fell 1 percent by midsession on Tuesday as auto makers declined following a rise in crude oil to another record high, and as the yen #39;s rise against the dollar stoked concern over exporters #39; earnings.
Shiite militants turning in weapons in Iraq The first day of a disarmament program in the Sadr City slum of Baghdad yielded a rich harvest of weapons from Shiite fighters. Cars full of machine guns, mortars, rocket-propelled grenades and landmines were turned in Monday.
Trial puts ANC in the spotlight South Africa #39;s deputy president, Jacob Zuma, began a fight for his political life yesterday when he was repeatedly named in corruption charges against his friend and financial adviser, Schabir Shaik.
NYMEX Crude Near Highs Off  #36;54 (Reuters) Reuters - NYMEX crude kept close to record\highs near  #36;54 early on Tuesday as global oil supplies remained\hounded by disruptions, magnifying concerns over U.S. heating\oil stocks ahead of the winter, traders said.
Techs, \$53 Oil Spark Fall in Asian Shares  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Technology stocks led a tumble in  Asian shares Tuesday as a gloomy outlook from LG.Philips LCD  and record high oil prices fueled investor concerns about a  slowdown in corporate profits and global economic growth.
NYMEX Crude Near Highs Off \$54  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NYMEX crude kept close to record  highs near \$54 early on Tuesday as global oil supplies remained  hounded by disruptions, magnifying concerns over U.S. heating  oil stocks ahead of the winter, traders said.
Top pick Howard soaking it all in Someday Dwight Howard is likely to be the Orlando Magic #39;s go-to-guy. But for now Howard, the No. 1 overall pick in the June NBA draft, is the Magic #39;s go-get-me guy.
Titans Lead Packers 34-13 After Three (AP) AP - Chris Brown had touchdown runs of 37 and 29 yards and the Tennessee Titans stormed to a 34-13 lead over the stumbling Green Bay Packers after three quarters on Monday night.
Nobel winner calls for bank autonomy Finn Kydland, the joint winner of the 2004 Nobel economics prize, called on governments yesterday to guarantee central bank independence and praised the European Central Bank (ECB) while slamming Latin American policy makers.
CBS Holds Off ABC For Sunday Win LOS ANGELES (Zap2it.com) Fast National ratings for Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004. ABC dominated the late evening with new dramas, but CBS was able to hold off the resurgent network thanks to early evening strength.
MSN fighting Messenger difficulties, virus People using Microsoft #39;s instant-messaging software, MSN Messenger, may have been a mite lonely this weekend, with only a virus to keep them company.
MDM Announces Multiplatform  #39; #39;Directions on-the-go #39; #39; -- A &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Oct. 11, 2004 -- Mobile Digital Media (MDM), a world leader in providing high quality consumer software for mobile devices, today announced the next generation of 
Southeast Asia Takes Aim at Illegal Wildlife Trade Southeast Asia announced on Monday its first coordinated effort against the multi-billion dollar illegal wildlife trade, drawing praise from conservationists despite giving no timetable for the plan.
Ex-NASA worker pleads innocent of fake inspections ORLANDO, Fla. - A fired NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying space shuttle inspection reports pleaded not guilty to 166 criminal charges Friday and a trial was tentatively set for Dec. 1. Bill Thornton 
No other pairing rivals it Theyve gotta stop meeting like this? Dont tell Yanks, Sox; theyll do battle for 46th time in 17 months. Who will the 2004 ALCS and in how many games?
NBA Game Summary - Washington at Indiana Muncie, IN (Sports Network) - Randy Holcomb #39;s tip-in at the final buzzer enabled Indiana to record an 85-84 victory over Washington in the preseason opener for both teams at Ball State University #39;s Worthen Arena.
Agent says Caminiti had heart attack, died Ken Caminiti, the National League #39;s most valuable player in 1996 who later admitted using steroids during his major-league baseball career, died Sunday.
Cardinals Best When It Matters the Most After leading the majors with 105 regular-season victories, the St. Louis Cardinals entered the playoffs expecting to win the World Series.
Nigerian Strike to Continue But Oil Exports Flow Unions vowed to extend a general strike over fuel prices in Nigeria to a second day on Tuesday, helping drive world oil prices to record highs even though shipments from Africa #39;s top producer were unaffected.
Egyptians close off bombed hotel With Israeli rescue workers gone, the Egyptian military closed off the scene of a luxury hotel bombing that targeted Israeli tourists to clear more debris yesterday and collect evidence for investigators tracing the explosives and vehicles.
Singapore welcomes Chen #39;s address Singapore #39;s foreign ministry said yesterday that it welcomed President Chen Shui-bian #39;s () address a day earlier, calling it a development that would reduce tensions between Taiwan and China.
Miller,  #39;invincible #39; who defied Messerschmitts, dies in Melbourne &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Keith Miller, who died yesterday in Melbourne at the age of 84, was the most charismatic Australian cricketer of his generation, with film-star looks and talent to envy.
Judge to decide on live broadcasts from Shaik trial Judge Hillary Squires will today rule whether E-tv can broadcast the Schabir Shaik fraud and corruption trial live from the Durban High Court.
French retailer Carrefour denies it is withdrawing from Japan (AFP) AFP - French retail giant Carrefour SA has denied a press report it is planning to sell its operations in Japan.
Raiders #39; Curry Injured Against Chiefs OAKLAND, Calif. Dec 5, 2004 - Raiders receiver Ronald Curry likely has a torn left Achilles #39; tendon that could sideline him for the remainder of the season.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Lower at Late Morning Tokyo stocks plunged Tuesday morning on concerns about higher oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average was down 121.
Aussies Pull Out of Pakistan Field Hockey ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Olympic field hockey champion Australia pulled out of a December tournament in Pakistan because of security fears.
Cal doesn #39;t run it up -- and is run out of BCS Texas got into its first major bowl in seven years while laying on the couch. Cal perhaps didn #39;t by taking a knee. Jeff Tedford meets the press after learning that California will go to the Holiday Bowl instead of the Rose.
BIG FIX: Corporate-tax overhaul, biggest in 19 years, expected to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Senate passed a far-reaching, \$136 billion corporate-tax package yesterday that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow-and-arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing US exporters in line with international trade rules.
Bank shows profit error SunTrust Banks Inc., the seventh- largest US bank, said yesterday that it will restate results for the first and second quarters of this year because the company mistakenly inflated its reserve for loan losses.
 #39;Housewives #39; Prompts NBC to Cook Up a Copy With ABC #39;s new dark comedy series  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; scoring big numbers for a second consecutive week, it #39;s only a matter of time before the other broadcast networks put out APBs seeking 
This Date in Baseball for Oct. 12 (AP) AP - 1916  #151; The Boston Red Sox won the World Series in five games with a 4-1 victory over the Brooklyn Dodgers. Ernie Shore pitched a three-hitter for Boston.
Gasquet Upset Winner in France (AP) AP - Richard Gasquet of France upset seventh-seeded Dennis van Scheppingen of the Netherlands 6-3, 7-6 (5) Monday in the first round of the ATP Open de Moselle.
Beltran Homers Lead Astros Into NLCS  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Carlos Beltran homered twice, had four  hits and drove in five runs as the Houston Astros moved on to  the National League Championship Series with a 12-3 Game Five  pounding of the Atlanta Braves at Turner Field on Monday.
Beltran, Astros Advance Carlos Beltran drives in five runs to carry the Astros to a 12-3 rout of the Braves in Game 5 of their first-round NL playoff series.
A Tax Bill, Full of Breaks, Passes Senate After nearly three years of jockeying by legions of business groups, the Senate passed a \$137 billion corporate tax bill on Monday that gave something to almost everyone.
Questions on the \$3.8 Billion Drug Ad Business As drug advertising aimed directly at consumers becomes more widespread and controversial, the issue will likely have political implications.
Spain #39;s Jimenez wins Golf HK Open Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez carded a four-under 66 in the final round to total 14-under 266 to win the Omega Hong Kong Open, his third victory in Asia this year.
Higher Fuel Costs Starting to Hit Consumers There are some indications that frustration over higher heating bills may spill over into the political arena in November.
Losing the connection The Internet is a lonelier place for users of PayPal and MSN Instant Messenger, thanks to a software glitch and a suspected virus.
NASA Designer Maxime Faget Dies Maxime A. Faget, 83, a retired NASA aeronautical engineer whose innovative designs contributed greatly to manned spacecraft from Mercury to the space shuttle, died of cancer Oct. 10 at his home in Houston.
TELECOM 04: Verizon and Comcast Call for New Rules Big rewards should come from big investments, said Ivan Seidenberg, Verizon #39;s CEO, in a keynote speech at TELECOM 04 in Las Vegas.
Wish granted NEW YORK - It #39;s difficult to separate the fear and loathing from the glee and anticipation in this City of Babe Ruth #39;s Curse.
Powered by Beltran, Astros Break Through in Playoffs When the Houston Astros were fading from the National League Central Division race in July, their general manager, Gerry Hunsicker, took calls from contenders who were looking to cherry-pick the Houston roster.
EMC takes Dantz for SMB connections EMC has made its biggest push to date into the fast growing small and midsize business market with the acquisition of Dantz Development, a suppler of backup and recovery software.
EU steps up Burma sanctions Foreign ministers extended an EU-wide travel ban on high-ranking Burmese officers after finding the military leadership had failed to improve its human rights record.
Israeli military to investigate shooting of Palestinian girl Israel #39;s top military prosecutor has opened an investigation of a platoon commander whom soldiers accuse of emptying an ammunition clip into a 13-year-old Palestinian girl to make sure she was dead, the army said yesterday.
Virgin to Unveil Portable Music Player (AP) AP - The consumer electronics arm of the Virgin Group is introducing a new 5-gigabyte hard-disk portable music player, bringing a powerful brand name in music to the increasingly crowded product space.
EMC takes Dantz for SMB connections (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - EMC has made its biggest push to date into the fast growing small and midsize business market with the acquisition of Dantz Development, a suppler of backup and recovery software.
Space Tourism Seeking Public Investors (AP) AP - It was billionaire Paul Allen's  #36;20 million that allowed Burt Rutan to build SpaceShipOne, the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space.
At St. Helens, Little Lava but Plenty of Data Today scientists observe volcanoes from much greater distances and can send data across the Internet to scientists around the world.
Entertainment Industry Asks Justices to Rule on File Sharing The movie and music industries have filed a petition asking the Supreme Court to overturn a federal appeals court decision that favored makers of file-sharing software.
Oracle President Says Bid for PeopleSoft May Be Cut An Oracle executive testified that she expected PeopleSofts earnings would continue to drop in the wake of Oracles hostile takeover bid.
If HAL the Computer Audited Your Expenses New software helps corporate travel managers track down business travelers who overspend. But it also poses a dilemma for honest travelers who are only trying to save money.
Networks in a Duel of Technology Some television networks are racing to develop eye-catching score boxes. Fox, for example, now has fire coming out of its baseball scores.
Floridians would get Tax Relief Under Bill Passed by US Senate Floridians will be able to deduct state sales tax payments from their federal income tax returns for the next two years, under one part of a wide-ranging bill the US Senate passed today.
The Seed of Apple #39;s Innovation In an era when most technology outfits have tightened their belts to adapt to a slower-growing market, one company stands out for forging ahead on innovation: Apple Computer (AAPL ). Others have slashed R amp;D 
The Playoffs/News  amp; Notes: Major League Baseball recalls bad taste &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A day before Boston and New York started the American League Championship Series, Major League Baseball recalled a T-shirt it had sanctioned because it rubbed Red Sox fans the wrong way.
Wannstedt will wait to name Sunday #39;s starting QB The Miami Dolphins quarterback situation is on hold again, but this time it has nothing to do with performance. Instead, head coach Dave Wannstedt will wait for a report from the team #39;s medical 
Asteroid did not end dinosaurs - they were dying anyway say scientists (AFP) AFP - Dinosaurs were dying out before Earth was struck by an asteroid impact that is widely thought to have been responsible for their extinction, two scientists claim.
Week on the Web Unseemly squabbling over online sales of the Band Aid Christmas No 1 ended with Apples iTunes seeming to come out on top. iTunes attracted criticism, including in this newspaper, when it refused to sell 
Pakistan Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan successfully test-fired  Tuesday an intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of  carrying nuclear warheads as parts of its efforts to boost its  defenses, a military statement said.
Titans trample struggling Favre, Packers at Lambeau No magic this time, just major miscues from mortal-after-all Brett Favre. The Packers #39; storied quarterback threw three interceptions, and their defense had a devil of 
Pakistan Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile Pakistan successfully test-fired Tuesday an intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads as parts of its efforts to boost its defenses, a military statement said.
CURT: ANKLE #39;S NOT GONNA SLOW ME DOWN According to an observer, Curt Schilling walked into Yankee Stadium #39;s visiting clubhouse the same way he navigated Fenway Park the past few days: with a limp.
Woods basks on Privacy after wedding LOS ANGELES - Five days after his wedding to Elin Nordegren in Barbados, world No 3 golfer Tiger Woods spent Sunday on his 155-foot yacht  #39;Privacy #39; and said, well, he wouldn #39;t mind more of precisely that.
Hanson wins record sixth gold Brooke Hanson of Australia swims with Simone Weiler of Germany during the World Swimming Championships in Indianapolis. Photo: AFP.
Ravens - Redskins Photo Gallery #2 Redskins coach Joe Gibbs, center, looks onto the field while officials review an apparent fumble by quarterback Mark Brunell during the third quarter against the Baltimore Ravens.
Sage may be next on stage for Dolphins DAVIE  The preseason debate over quarterbacks has seemingly boiled down to whether Jay Fiedler is able to withstand the pain of a cracked rib or AJ Feeley can stand under center with a clear head.
ABC encores  #39;Desperate Housewives #39; NEW YORK  Just when it seemed that reality television was set to take over the dial, scripted shows have come roaring back - at least for now.
Brown Turns Green Bay Blue as Titans Thump Packers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chris Brown rushed for two touchdowns  and 148 yards to lead the Tennessee Titans to a 48-27 win over  the reeling Green Bay Packers in the NFL's Monday night game at  Lambeau Field.
Division rivals meet for pennant BOSTON - The fans wanted it. For that matter the entire baseball world wanted it. Now it #39;s here, and nobody is champing at the bit more than the Boston Red Sox.
NFL Game Summary - Tennessee at Green Bay Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - Chris Brown rushed for 148 yards and two touchdowns and Steve McNair threw for 206 yards and two scores to lead the Tennessee Titans to a 48-27 rout of the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field.
The Dotted Line Top-ranked Amelie Mauresmo of France withdrew from the Kremlin Cup in Moscow yesterday, a day after a thigh injury forced her to quit during a final in Germany against Lindsay Davenport.
Game balls: Rating Game 5 or, in this case, cowboy boots -- as the boys from Houston so often wear -- and peaches -- in honor of Georgia #39;s favorite fruit -- for performances in this year #39;s National League Division Series.
Caminiti reminder of dangers Even through a television set 3,000 miles away, the eyes revealed it: Something burned deep inside Ken Caminiti, a fire that ultimately consumed him.
Season over for Niners #39; Peterson CBC SPORTS ONLINE - San Francisco 49ers linebacker Julian Peterson will undergo season-ending surgery Tuesday on his torn left Achilles #39; tendon.
Al-Sadr Shi #39;ites give up weapons Shi #39;ite fighters in tracksuits and sneakers unloaded cars full of machine guns, mortars and land mines yesterday as a five-day disarmament program kicked off in Baghdad #39;s Sadr 
The average savings expected for each household is \$310. Source &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON - Texans will be allowed to deduct state and local sales tax payments from their federal income taxes for the next two years under legislation approved Monday and sent to President Bush.
UPDATE:Qantas, Air NZ Eye New Alliance After Tribunal OK WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--The Australian Competition Tribunal Tuesday approved plans for a proposed alliance between Air New Zealand Ltd.
Quarter of families struggle to pay their bills, study says One out of every four working American families earns wages so low they struggle to survive financially, according to a report due out today.
Pension crisis answer  #39;unpalatable #39; People face poverty in retirement unless they save more, a major report into pensions will reveal. The Pensions Commission report says that there is a 57 billion shortfall in the amount people are saving for retirement.
New resident crew heads to space station this week As humanity #39;s continuous presence in space begins its fifth year aboard the International Space Station, the next inhabitants rocket into Earth orbit late Wednesday for a six-month expedition.
CITES allows Swaziland to export, hunt rhinos A UN conference gave tiny Swaziland the green light on Tuesday to export some of its white rhinos and bring in trophy hunters occasionally to shoot the massive animals.
Butterfield: Sox should win it all Brian Butterfield, the Toronto third base coach and Orono native whose Blue Jays went 5-14 against the Boston Red Sox and 7-11 against the New York Yankees, said he is picking the Red Sox to win the best-of-seven America League Championship Series against 
Seahawks second-guessed on win that got away By Ted S. Warren, AP. To borrow a lyric from Alicia Keys, it doesn #39;t make sense but it sure makes for a great song. Or story. The Seattle Seahawks #39; mystifying collapse against the St.
Relatives remember Bali bombings Relatives of many of the 202 people killed when terrorist bombs ripped through nightclubs on Indonesia #39;s Bali island two years ago have gathered at the attack site to remember the dead.
Oil Pushing \$54; Edgy Over Winter Supply  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held near historic highs  over \$53 a barrel on Tuesday, with global supplies hounded by  outages that were thwarting efforts to build U.S. heating oil  inventories ahead of the winter.
Brent crude breaks through \$50-a-barrel for first time NORTH Sea Brent crude surged through \$50-a-barrel for the first time yesterday, as a four-day general strike began in oil-rich Nigeria and the market fretted about out-of-action capacity in the Gulf of Mexico.
Chrysler Recalls Minivans (Oct. 11) -- Chrysler is recalling nearly 1 million minivans because an electrical problem could cause the driver #39;s side air bag to fail.
Seven die in Japan 'suicide pact' Mass suicide is suspected after Japanese police find seven people dead in a van in mountains near Tokyo.
Slain Policemen Laid to Rest in Haiti (AP) AP - Gunfire crackled around Haiti's capital as hundreds of mourners gathered to bury five police officers killed in a week of violence pitting supporters of the U.S.-backed government and ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Australian opposition's Senate leader quits after election rout (AFP) AFP - Labor Party powerbroker Senator John Faulkner has resigned from his position as opposition leader in the Senate, in the aftermath of this weekend's election in which Labor suffered a devastating defeat.
Now Earning Wings, a New Kind of Astronaut SpaceShipOne's pilot received a new honor: commercial astronaut wings awarded by the Federal Aviation Administration for those who fly more than 50 miles above Earth.
Yukos Lawyers Ask for New Judge in Hearing Lawyers for the embattled Yukos oil giant requested a new judge Monday as Russia #39;s Tax Ministry sought to enforce \$1.4 billion in fines and penalties on a \$4.
NZ stocks: Sharemarket softens, but Air NZ takes off The Australian Competition Tribunal today gave the greenlight to a proposed alliance between the airline and Qantas -- the same tie-up scuttled last month on this side of the Tasman by the High Court.
No relief seen as Michigan gas prices top \$2 a gallon The average price of gasoline topped \$2 a gallon in Michigan this week, and experts say they do not see any relief in sight. The price of self-serve regular gasoline rose an average 
Ellison has talked about revising PeopleSoft bid Wilmington, Delaware  Reuters News Service, 11 October 2004 - Oracle chief executive Larry Ellison said on Friday that Oracle has talked about revising its \$21-per-share offer to buy rival PeopleSoft, but he dented Wall Street expectations by saying 
DCX recalls 1.2M minivans for glitch AUBURN HILLS - Chrysler Group is recalling 1.2 million minivans worldwide, including 955,000 in the United States, because an electrical problem could cause the driver #39;s side air bag to fail.
Technology is seen as revolutionary step in telecommunications Tom Scheffler gets the same reaction whenever he takes consumers to an Internet cafe to show them a different kind of phone service.
Six gold to Hanson BROOKE HANSON joined illustrious company at Indianapolis today with her sixth W quot;orld Short Course Swim Championships gold medal.
Tennessee Titans beat Green Bay Packers 48-27 GREEN BAY, Wis. The Tennessee Titans and Green Bay Packers were both in danger of falling to one-and-four tonight. Well, it didn #39;t happen to the Titans.
Yao Ming and Rockets arrive in Shanghai for NBA #39;s first games in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Declaring himself  quot;here on business, quot; hometown favorite Yao Ming joined Tracy McGrady and the rest of the Houston Rockets on Tuesday as they prepared for a pair of exhibition games against the Sacramento Kings -- the first NBA games played in China.
Win on Road Gives Vikings Confidence (AP) AP - On the road, with a comfortable lead, playing in fresh air, on natural grass, watching their defense being picked apart down the stretch.
Army chief  #39;emptied his magazine #39; at girl in Gaza Two separate official investigations are under way into the fatal shooting of a 13-year-old girl in Gaza by the Israeli Army after soldiers testified that their company commander 
Parliament Votes Against Sharon Statement (AP) AP - The Israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, voting against a statement defending his Gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no-confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a vote in two weeks.
Tech Woes, Oil Weigh on Asian Shares  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Technology stocks led a fall in Asian  shares Tuesday as a gloomy outlook from LG.Philips LCD and  soaring oil prices fueled investor concerns about a slowdown in  corporate profits and global economic growth.
'Three dead' in Riyadh shootout Saudi Arabian authorities say the security forces have shot dead three suspected militants in the capital, Riyadh.
UAW and Axle Alliance Co. announce new multiple plant contract The United Auto Workers and Axle Alliance Co., a DaimlerChrysler AG subsidiary that makes parts for commercial trucks, announced a new labor contract Monday that paves the 
Wal-Mart #39;s Linux-based computer not so great Q: We are in the market for a new computer, which we would use mostly for e-mail, the Internet, letters and reports. I #39;ve read about a PC sold online by Wal-Mart that runs Linux instead of Windows.
SGI brings visualization to Linux line com October 11, 2004, 11:16 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Cardinals, Dodgers shake things up It happens all the time in hockey, football and basketball, and maybe it will catch on in baseball, too, after players from both teams exchanged handshakes Sunday after the St.
SPCA chapter closed over J. Williams case A New Jersey chapter of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was ordered to close because it did not prosecute Jayson Williams over accusations he shot and killed his dog.
Pak test fires medium range missile  #39;Hataf-V #39; Islamabad, Oct 12 (PTI) Pakistan today  quot;successfully quot; carried out yet another test of its intermediate range ballistic missile  #39;Hataf-V #39;, with a strike range of 1500 km capable of carrying nuclear and conventional warheads and targetting most of the 
Finding a seasonal job is hard work this year When Gabrielle Wentworth was heading toward a new life in Seattle, she knew the job situation was tight, even for college graduates.
Court hits Yukos with \$1.34B fine MOSCOW -- The Moscow Arbitration Court ruled yesterday embattled oil giant Yukos must pay \$1.34 billion US in fines and penalties as part of a \$4.
Malaysia #39;s AirAsia Ready to Go Public Malaysia #39;s budget carrier AirAsia is set to launch the country #39;s biggest initial public offering this year, energizing its bid to increase its fleet nearly fourfold and challenge Asia #39;s established airlines on lucrative routes.
Sox, Yanks get ready to rumble once again: Duel #39;s been in works &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Red Sox stats, schedule and New York Yankees stats, schedule have been on a collision course since the moment Aaron Boone #39;s game-winning home run in Game 7 of the 2003 American 
Pacers push by Wizards It might not have been Reggie Miller #39;s last minute heroics, but it still gave the crowd in Worthen Arena something to cheer about.
IAEA concerns over Iraq nuclear materials The United Nations nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, has expressed concerns that materials and equipment from Saddam Hussein #39;s former nuclear programme in Iraq have vanished without trace.
Indian IT major Infosys net profit jumps 49 percent as outsourcing booms (AFP) AFP - India's second-largest software exporter, Infosys Technologies, quarterly net profit jumped 49 percent, well ahead of market expectations, thanks to a sustained outsourcing boom.
Telstra creates new media division Telstra has announced the break-up of its wholesale unit, including the creation of a separate media and content division, to address the concerns of the competition regulator before the company #39;s full privatisation.
Bush, Kerry Trade Charges Before Debate (AP) AP - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.
Bush, Kerry gear up for final debate as polls show race too close to call (AFP) AFP - The rival campaigns of President George W. Bush and Democrat John Kerry have hit the Southwest, where they are to face off in their final televised debate in two days, with polls showing the race still too close to call.
Infosys cashes in on outsourcing Indian software group Infosys turns in a 50 jump in profits as more companies hire it to run their technical support services.
Parliament Votes Against Sharon Statement JERUSALEM - The Israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, voting against a statement defending his Gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no-confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a vote in two weeks.    The maneuvering came Monday at the opening of the winter session of the Knesset, Israel's parliament, with Sharon heading a government that lost its majority over the Gaza pullout and is vulnerable to being toppled...
Congress Wraps Up Work With Much Rancor WASHINGTON - The 108th Congress soon will be history, a tumultuous two years that, depending on party affiliation, was the best of times or the worst of times.    Of course Republicans, who control both the House and the Senate, expressed pride in a Congress that passed a major Medicare prescription drug bill, gave President Bush the money he needed for Iraq and substantially increased spending for defense and homeland security...
World oil prices hit record highs World oil prices scaled record peaks last night, rising on concern over disruptions to supply from strike-hit producers Nigeria and Norway.
Boeing says WTO action not tied to US election The US complaint at the World Trade Organization over loans by European governments to European rival Airbus isn #39;t driven by election politics, Boeing Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said yesterday.
Business briefs, October 12 Oil futures prices advanced to a new high Monday as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter of crude, exacerbating global supply concerns at a time of strong demand and reduced 
PC home entertainment options pushed LOS ANGELES -- Computer companies have been trying for several years to convince consumers that their next PC should also be their hub for home entertainment.
Internet-based phone service delivers quality calls, low prices Those who #39;ve been around the Internet for a few years probably remember trying out PC-based telephony solutions that rarely connected, and when they did, sounded like bad CB 
The home of the Brave  and the meek The Astros #39; 12-3 victory Monday night in Game 5 of the National League Division Series marked the third consecutive season that the Braves have lost the deciding playoff game at home.
Here lie the Packers, may they rest in peace Dearly beloved, we gather here this evening to pay our last respects to the Green Bay Packers, a once-proud little engine that for 12 straight years could win with the best of them.
Cardinals Reach Third NLCS in Five Years (AP) AP - Another round of playoffs is giving Scott Rolen a chance to get his timing back.
More British jobs to be outsourced to India LONDON: British insurance major Royal  amp; Sun Alliance (RSA) has announced that it would shift as many as 1,100 jobs from Britain to India in the next two years.
Study: Aid for poor  #39;inadequate #39; Colorado isn #39;t doing enough to boost its low-income working families, according to a study to be released today. That is especially troubling, say those who are involved in 
Slowdown seen in key industry Employment growth in Washington state #39;s biopharmaceutical industry is expected to slow in the next decade, according to a Milken Institute report that will be released today.
Abbott acquires nutrition firm EAS in deal valued at \$320 million Abbott Laboratories Inc. has agreed to buy the nutrition firm EAS Inc. for \$320 million. The two companies said Monday the cash transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter, pending regulatory approval.
UAW, DaimlerChrysler subsidiary reach multi-plant labor agreement The United Auto Workers and an automotive supplier have reached an agreement that covers current hourly workers and possibly those at yet-to-open factories, the first multi-plant pact negotiated by the UAW in 20 years.
US Airways #39; lenders extend financing terms - WSJ Several lenders to bankrupt air carrier US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to extend the terms of their financing arrangement to mid-January, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing unnamed 
US shuts down British media Web sites By request from the United States, British authorities shut down 20 independent media Web sites without explanation, The Guardian reported Monday.
Gov #39;t, Microsoft haggle over documentation Microsoft is behind schedule in complying with a court order to document its proprietary communications protocols, according to US authorities monitoring its behavior.
Her breaststroke #39;s good as gold With no Australian reporters covering the World Swimming Championships, Ian Hanson has been responsible for reporting all the news from Indianapolis.
FOOTBALL: FREDDY: WOODY #39;S WOES NOT OUR FAULT NEWCASTLE chairman Freddy Shepherd has hit back at Real Madrid over Jonathan Woodgate #39;s injury woes, declaring:  quot;We #39;ve nothing to be ashamed of.
Baseball drug taker dies Ken Caminiti, a former National Baseball League most valuable player who in 2002 admitted he used steroids, has died in New York at the age of 41.
ROON AGENT MISLED COURT THE trial of three men accused of blackmailing Wayne Rooney #39;s agent collapsed yesterday after he tried to fool the court. Paul Stretford claimed that former Olympic boxer John Hyland and 
American Peirsol, Australian Hanson excel at world championships Peirsol plays a part in 2 world records: Aaron Peirsol of Irvine, Calif., lowered his world record in the 200-meter backstroke at the short-course world championships, which ended last night in Indianapolis.
Beheadings of Turk, Iraqi Kurd shown in Internet video BAGHDAD, IraqA Turkish contractor and an Iraqi Kurdish translator were beheaded on a video posted on the Internet yesterday, and a statement said they had been taken captive by the Ansar al-Sunna Army - the same group that killed 12 Nepalese hostages 
Pak test fires Hatf V missile Islamabad: As Pervez Musharraf completed five years of his rule, Pakistan today  quot;successfully quot; testfired its  quot;indigenously built quot; intermediate range ballistic missile  #39;Hatf-V #39; capable of carrying nuclear warheads with a strike range of 1500 km, that could 
High precision equipment for making nukes disappears from Iraq In an alarming development, high-precision equipment and materials which could be used for making nuclear bombs have disappeared from some Iraqi facilities, the United Nations watchdog agency has said.
Stage set for prince to be crowned Cambodia #39;s next king The stage has been set for a little-known son of King Norodom Sihanouk to be crowned Cambodia #39;s next monarch after the king #39;s surprise abdication last week.
Davenport warms up to a Tufts 10K victory For Marie Davenport, a 29-year-old Providence College graduate from Ireland, yesterday's Tufts Health Plan 10K for Women was just a warmup.
Devastating blow Red Sox Nation collectively cursed Yankees third baseman Aaron  quot;Bleeping quot; Boone last Oct. 16 when he clobbered Tim Wakefield's first-pitch knuckleball in the 11th inning of Game 7 of the American League Championship Series deep into the New York night, giving the Yankees the AL pennant and a berth in the World Series, and sending the Sox ...
Astros climb to new heights It took 43 years, but the Houston Astros are finally postseason winners. Carlos Beltran hit two more homers and drove in five runs, while original Killer B's Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell chipped in during a five-run seventh inning that carried the Astros to a 12-3 rout of the Atlanta Braves last night in Game 5 of their ...
Cardinals expect he'll get rollin' Another round of playoffs is giving Scott Rolen a chance to get his timing back.
Dodgers blue after disappointing series Disappointment for the Dodgers again. Los Angeles made major strides this season by winning the National League West to end a long playoff drought, then earning the club's first postseason victory in 16 years.
A clashing combination David Ortiz, still champagne-scented, was watching Saturday's decisive playoff game between the Yankees and Twins with a friend. Up stepped Ruben Sierra, who'd been 1 for 20 in the series, to clock a three-run homer and tie the game in the eighth.  quot;Here they come, quot; the Red Sox slugger said. Did anyone from Eastport to Block Island expect anything else?
Use reverse psychology I am here to help. As we embark on another installment of the fabled Red Sox-Yankees rivalry, it will be my job to make sure you are not bowled over by the usual waves of emotion that accompany this long, painful exercise in futility.
It may come down to closing time This is the way it ended last year: An exhausted and emotionally spent Mariano Rivera dropped to his knees after pitching the hardest three innings of his life, sobbing and praying and finally falling prone on the hill, wrapping his arms around the mound in a mixture of thanksgiving and relief. For three innings -- the most ...
A few words edgewise Starting lineups The Sox hit 32 home runs against the Yankees, their most against any opponent. Manny Ramirez hit seven; Johnny Damon, Kevin Millar, and Bill Mueller hit five apiece. The Sox hit three or more home runs six times in games against the Bombers. They hit .322 against New York in Fenway Park but just .212 in Yankee Stadium. ...
Rivera's status for opener uncertain Home in Panama following a terrifying accident that left two of his family members dead, Yankees star closer Mariano Rivera was absent from the club's early-afternoon workout at Yankee Stadium yesterday.
Mendoza in, Youkilis out As if the rivalry weren't chock-full of subplots already, the Red Sox will inject another today when they submit their 25-man roster for the American League Championship Series and replace Kevin Youkilis with Ramiro Mendoza , who won two World Series rings with the Yankees.
Caminiti's struggles over Ken Caminiti was never short of fearless on a baseball field. He made incredible stops at third base, swatted home runs from both sides of the plate and played through pain that would wither most men.
Youngsters keep up with Joneses A month ago, the US national team was on the verge of a shocking defeat in Panama City. Now, as the US prepares for a rematch with Panama at RFK Stadium tomorrow night, the team has nearly clinched a berth in the final round of World Cup qualifying.
Clutch players need not apply What looks good on paper hasn't been tested through a season yet, so Bruce Crowder said he'll reserve judgment. He wasn't talking about rosters; he was talking about a commitment from college hockey authorities to rid the game of all the clutching and grabbing, the pinning, and tugging.
DIVISION 1-AA POLL DIVISION 1-AA POLL Balloting conducted by the Sports Network, with first-place votes in parentheses, records, total points and last week's ranking. W-L Pts LW 1. Southern Ill. (85) 5-1 2,620 1 2. Ga. Southern (17) 5-1 2,523 3 3. Delaware (1) 4-1 2,342 4 4. Western Ky. (2) 4-1 2,277 6 5. Montana 5-1 2,081 7 6. Wofford 4-1 1,932 ...
Color changes are in order Normally this time of year, the ECAC hockey landscape is a familiar shade: Red. As in the Big Red of Cornell or the Crimson of Harvard. But this year? There's a bit of a change in the complexion of what is now officially called the ECAC Hockey League. The tint in early October looks green.
Mercyhurst knows drill Mercyhurst coach Rick Gotkin believes in Atlantic Hockey. Four years ago when the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference was born, Mercyhurst was simply the cream of the crop.
Middlebury poised to continue Division 3 dominance Middlebury has had a stranglehold on the NESCAC men's hockey championship since its inception five years ago. Last year, the Panthers won their fourth NESCAC title en route to their sixth NCAA Division 3 championship. Prolific scorer and national player of the year Kevin Cooper was the catalyst in Middlebury's 27-win season, a school record.
Idle UNH still moves up Things seem to be going New Hampshire's way. The Wildcats had a bye week and still moved up two places to No. 7 in the Sports Network Division 1-AA football poll.
Hockey East schedule Games 7 p.m. unless noted OCTOBER 15 -- Merrimack at Providence; Denver at BC; Niagara at Maine; UNH at Michigan, 8; UMass at Nye Frontier Classic vs. Minnesota, 9
Sees its semiconductor unit outperforming market in 05 LONDON (CBS.MW) - Philips Electronics, the largest consumer electronics maker in Europe, on Tuesday cautioned it expects flat sales in its semiconductor business in the fourth quarter and is seeing ongoing margin pressure in consumer electronics.
Study: About 27 of working families fall below poverty line More than a quarter of all working families in the United States, including 20 million children, are considered low-income or poor, an independent report said yesterday.
CEO defends Merck on Vioxx Merck  amp; Co. #39;s chairman and chief executive Raymond Gilmartin yesterday defended his firm #39;s handling of earlier health warnings about Vioxx and said he 
Marks  amp; Spencer Says First-Half Earnings Fell as Much as 12 Marks  amp; Spencer Group Plc, the UK #39;s largest clothing retailer, said first-half earnings fell as much as 12 percent after sales declined for a fourth straight quarter.
MSN Music  #39;no iTunes #39; Microsoft #39;s attempt at a digital music distribution service  quot;falls just short quot; of Apple #39;s iTunes, says The Washington Post.
Boston will fight for 7 games but still lose to Yanks Never could these words, uttered so long ago by Yogi Berra, ring more true today. Tonight, the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox square off in the much-anticipated rematch of last year #39;s American League Championship Series.
Wilkinson is Foxes #39; fast fix Former Sunderland and Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson has today been appointed temporary first-team coach of Leicester. Wilkinson, the one-time England caretaker coach and technical director, will work with 
Thorburn: Anderson ecstatic for latest RB star It took a month longer than usual, but Mike Shanahan and his staff have found yet another player no one else wanted to execute Denver #39;s dominant running game.
Contrast suits Broncos #39; backs Reuben Droughns stepped to the podium Sunday evening, surveyed the television cameras and a sea of reporters, then playfully hid from view.
Philippines seeks 4 in ferry bombing SINGAPORE -- Philippine authorities said yesterday that they were seeking four members of Abu Sayyaf, an Islamic gang with long-standing ties to Al Qaeda, in the February sinking of a ferry that left at least 118 people dead.
Ruling today on televising Shaik trial DURBAN - Schabir Shaik #39;s corruption trial got off to a low-key start in the high court here yesterday, adjourning early after several hours of legal argument on an e.tv application to televise proceedings live.
Iraq nuclear equipment vanished - UN The UN #39;s nuclear watchdog raised concerns on Monday about material and equipment from Saddam Hussein #39;s regime, which could be used to make a nuclear weapon and have since vanished in Iraq.
Cambodias Throne Council bill enforced Phnom Penh, Oct. 12 (VNA) - Cambodias acting Head of State Chea Sim on Monday signed a Throne Council bill, paving the way for the appointment of a successor to King Norodom Sihanouk, who announced his retirement on Oct. 7. Earlier on Oct.
Global oil prices zoom to record highs Global crude oil prices, which shot up to record highs on Monday, continued to rule at the same level of close to \$54 a barrel. Following the nationwide strike that began in Nigeria to protest against high 
Washington Post: MSN Music Falls Just Short of iTunes The Washington Post #39;s Rob Pegoraro says that Microsoft #39;s new MSN Music store is the most capable iTunes competitor, but that it falls  quot;just short quot; of Apple #39;s offering.
Simms doubtful; Griese to start TAMPA, Fla. - Chris Simms first NFL start lasted 19 plays, and it might be a while before he plays again for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Around the world The European Union ended 12 years of sanctions against Libya on Monday and eased an arms embargo to reward the country for giving up plans to develop weapons of mass destruction.
Chirac in Hong Kong as Asian tour winds up (AFP) AFP - President Jacques Chirac has arrived in Hong Kong on the first official visit here by a French leader, rounding off an Asian tour that has won billions in trade contracts and avoided confrontation with China over thorny political issues.
Web Site Shows Two Beheadings in Iraq (AP) AP - A Turkish contractor and an Iraqi Kurdish translator were beheaded on a video posted Monday, and a statement said they had been taken captive by the Ansar al-Sunnah Army  #151; the same group that killed 12 Nepalese hostages.
Philippine Catholic leader Sin in stable condition after heart attack (AFP) AFP - The Philippines' most influential Roman Catholic leader, Cardinal Jaime Sin, is in stable condition  but remains under intensive care after suffering a heart attack, his church says.
No early end to Nigeria strike Union leaders in Nigeria vow to press on with a general strike despite government efforts to promote talks.
Grad students digheels in on unions Tufts University graduate student Lindy Bumgarner says she does the work of an adjunct professor for half the pay.
Giving credit Who is Carlo Cestra, and why is he driving bankers nuts? Cestra is the ultra-low profile chief executive who took over a disaster in progress a decade ago and turned it into a credit union powerhouse. You could make a good argument that Digital Federal Credit Union, or DCU, as it likes to call itself, has become one of the ...
Mass. tops life science ranking Massachusetts is better poised to capitalize on biotechnology and pharmaceuticals than any other state, according to a study to be released today by the Milken Institute, an independent economic think tank.
Moving music off your PC? New gadgets abound As personal computers with broadband Internet connections become an increasingly popular way for Americans to acquire music, high-tech companies are rushing to offer systems for getting music out of the PC and onto the stereo.
Bali bombing victims remembered Mourners in Indonesia and Australia commemorate those who died in the Bali bombings two years ago.
Oil prices approach \$54 amid Nigeria unrest fears Oil futures prices advanced to another record high yesterday as a strike began in Africa's largest exporter of crude, exacerbating global supply concerns at a time of strong demand and reduced output in the hurricane-ravaged Gulf of Mexico.
Fidelity closing fund to new investors Fidelity Investments will close its fast-growing \$17.8 billion Diversified International fund to new purchasers at the close of business Oct. 25. The fund, managed by William Bower, grew to assets of \$18.7 billion as of Oct. 8. It had a year-to-date return of 6.8 percent through the same date. The fund assets, including investor inflows and asset appreciation, grew from ...
US funds study on Net chat-room surveillance Amid the torrent of jabber in Internet chat rooms -- flirting by QTpie and BoogieBoy, arguments about politics and horror flicks -- are terrorists plotting their next move?
Glaxo, FDA in talks about flu vaccine GlaxoSmithKline PLC is in talks with the Food and Drug Administration about selling its Fluarix influenza vaccine in the United States this season because of the expected flu vaccine shortage this year.
Slain officers buried as gunfire continues in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE -- Hundreds of wailing mourners gathered to bury five slain police officers yesterday as gunfire crackled around the capital, where clashes between supporters of the US-backed government and ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide have plagued peacekeepers. Photographs of three officers who were beheaded sat beside their cremated remains in a police academy where the funerals were held, while the open ...
Romanians seek US as base tenant MIHAIL KOGALNICEANU AIR BASE, Romania -- To entice the US military to make a home here, what better symbolic appeal could the Romanian government make than to rename a street George Washington Boulevard?
US releases Saudi held since 2001 RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- A Saudi-American held in US solitary confinement for nearly three years without being charged returned to his family in Saudi Arabia yesterday after agreeing to trade in his US citizenship for his freedom.
Oil Firms Say Iraqi Purchases Were Legal  Two large American oil companies that received profitable vouchers to buy Iraqi oil under the United Nations' oil-for-food program said yesterday that the purchases complied with U.S. law.
In Iraq, Courtesy Call Takes Poise and Patience Staff Sgt. Chris Fritz set out for a meeting with the mayor of Musayyib to discuss the needs of the city in a convoy of nine armored trucks equipped with .50-caliber machine guns and Mark 19 automatic grenade launchers. He was protected by three dozen Marines wearing full body armor and carrying assault rifles and assorted mortars and grenades.
Hamdi Returns Home to Saudi Arabia The U.S. citizen who was held by the military as an "enemy combatant" arrived home, bringing an end to a philosophical and legal battle over his confinement that helped clarify the government's power to fight the war on terrorism.
Marks  amp; Spencer First-Half Profit Fell as Much as 12 (Update1) Marks  amp; Spencer Group Plc, the UK #39;s largest clothing retailer, said first-half earnings fell as much as 12 percent after sales declined for a fourth straight quarter.
Indian IT major Infosys net profit jumps 49 percent as outsourcing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGALORE, India: India #39;s second-largest software exporter, Infosys Technologies, quarterly net profit jumped 49 percent, well ahead of market expectations, thanks to a sustained outsourcing boom.
Kookaburras condemned for withdrawal Furious Pakistani hockey officials have called for Olympic champion Australia to be punished for withdrawing from December #39;s Champions Trophy tournament in Lahore for security reasons.
Rooney agent misled court Three men were cleared yesterday of blackmailing football agent Paul Stretford after it emerged he had misled the court. John Hyland, Christopher Bacon and Anthony Bacon were on trial at Warrington 
Injured QBs leave Miami in quandary DAVIE, Fla.Injuries to Jay Fiedler and AJ Feeley left Miami #39;s unsettled quarterback situation more muddled than ever. Fiedler was sore after aggravating a rib injury in Sunday #39;s 24-10 loss at New England, and 
Aloisi sidelined for Sydney leg The Socceroos will be without forward John Aloisi for Tuesday night #39;s Confederations Cup second-leg qualifier against the Solomon Islands in Sydney.
Pakistan test-fires nuclear-capable missile ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has test-fired an intermediate-range nuclear-capable missile able to hit targets deep inside rival neighbour India, the military announced.
THE BIG HEAT Levels of the main greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide, have risen alarmingly over the past two years,. Experts fear this will lead to catastrophic changes in the climate far sooner than previously predicted.
N-bomb equipment  #39;lost in Iraq #39; Nuclear bomb- making equipment could end up in the hands of terrorists because of the chaos in Iraq, a United Nations watchdog has warned.
Breakthrough in Afghan election row There has been a breakthrough agreement in Afghanistan #39;s disputed elections, with the main rival to President Hamid Karzai saying he will accept the result, after an independent inquiry into charges of fraud.
Aristide Calls For Dialogue In Haiti Hardbeatnews.com, JOHANNESBURG, SA, Tues. Oct. 12: Jean Bertrand Aristide is thousands of miles away from South Africa but remains tuned to the strife ongoing in his homeland of Haiti.
Warning of major NHS IT overspend The final cost of modernising NHS IT systems could reach 31bn - five times the declared figure, a report says.
Teen's eBay con prompts warning Detectives warn internet auction bidders to be wary of how they pay after a teenage fraudster conned customers.
Infosys cashes in on outsourcing Indian software group Infosys sees its profits jump 50 as more companies hire it to run their technical support services.
Royal  amp; Sun Alliance to transfer jobs Over the next to years more than 1,100 jobs located in United Kingdom, will be shift to India, according to the Royal  amp; Sun Alliance plans.
Earnings optimism nudges stocks higher Stocks drifted higher yesterday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
Brown, Titans run by Packers AMERICAN CONFERENCE East WLTPctPFPANew England4001.00010563N.Y. Jets4001.0009875Buffalo040.0005173Miami050.0004287 South WLTPctPFPAIndianapolis410.
China Urges U.S. to Stop Selling Arms to Taiwan (Reuters) Reuters - China Tuesday urged the United States\to halt all official contact with Taiwan and to stop selling\arms to the island, but made no comment on Taiwan President\Chen Shui-bian's recent peace overtures.
Formerly Conjoined Egyptian Twins Doing OK (AP) AP - One year ago, twin Egyptian boys born joined at the tops of their heads were separated after a 34-hour procedure that doctors warned could have resulted in the death of one or both.
Victims of Bali Bombings Remembered (AP) AP - Relatives of the 202 people killed in the Bali terror attacks marked the second anniversary of the bombings Tuesday with a moment of silence and a defiant vow to defeat the Islamic militants behind the blasts.
Caesars plans Wembley casino US casino giant Caesars plans to build a 335m gambling and leisure resort beside the new Wembley Stadium in London, its first foray into Europe.
Cameroon leader 'ahead in polls' Unofficial results from Cameroon's presidential election point to a huge victory for incumbent Paul Biya.
Ten Turks freed by Iraq militants Ten former Turkish hostages appear before media in Baghdad after being released by an Islamist group.
War said to give momentum to terrorists TEL AVIV -- The war in Iraq did not damage international terror groups, but instead distracted the United States from confronting other hotbeds of Islamic militancy and actually  quot;created momentum quot; for many terrorists, a top Israeli security think tank said in a report released yesterday.
Tokyo Stocks Weaker as Yen Weighs  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average slipped 0.58  percent on Monday morning after a weak U.S. jobs report kept  the dollar near a five-year low against the yen, hurting the  shares of Japanese exporters.
Fidelity closing fund to new investors Fidelity Investments will close its fast-growing \$17.8 billion Diversified International fund to new purchasers at the close of business Oct. 25.
Siebel enters Motive alliance Siebel Systems is mounting an effort to alleviate a major hassle that comes with licensing its customer information systems -- the labour-intensive task of tuning and tending to its software in complex computing environments.
Foxes turn to Wilkinson Former Sunderland and Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson has been appointed temporary first-team coach of Leicester. Bassett told Sky Sports News:  quot;I spoke to Howard about helping Leicester out and he #39;s accepted that situation.
Sharon gets a setback in parliament The Israeli Knesset last night dealt a staggering political blow to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, rejecting on a 53-44 vote his report on the 
Howard Remembers Australia #39;s Bali Dead Prime Minister John Howard attended a solemn commemoration today for victims of the nightclub bombings two years ago on Indonesias Bali island, which claimed the lives of 88 Australians.
How Schabir tried to come to my rescue I was complaining to Schabir Shaik in the courtyard of Durban #39;s High Court that, for once, a certain Sunday newspaper had got it right.
A War and a Mystery: Confronting Avian Flu A spate of recent deaths has stirred fears of a broader outbreak among people and raised the possibility of a human pandemic.
At Mount St. Helens, the Big Eruption Is of Data, Not Lava In the years since Mount St. Helens last erupted, technology has completely revolutionized volcano science.
Friends Matter for Reclusive Creature of African Forest Okapi are phantasmagoric creatures that have inspired the work of Dr. Terese Hart, the director of the Wildlife Conservation Society in Congo.
A Lesson in Linguistics From the Mouths of Babes What slips of the tongue say about a child's development.
A Stranger in the Mirror: Should Doctors Transplant Faces? The technology for human facial transplants exists, but ethicists are worried about using it.
Infosys Profit Growth Best in Three Years (Reuters) Reuters - Infosys Technologies Ltd., India's\second-largest software services company, posted its biggest\quarterly profit jump in three years on increased outsourcing\by telecoms and financial companies.
SUPER BOWL ADS PRICIER October 12, 2004 -- THE asking price of a TV commercial on next year #39;s Super Bowl is going up again. Fox, which has the rights to football #39;s ratings-busting showcase, is seeking a record \$2.
EBay #39;s PayPal hit by glitches in online payments EBay #39;s online payment service PayPal has suffered intermittent glitches since late last week, locking some users out of their accounts for long stretches and making 
Stocks up ahead of earnings reports NEW YORK - Stocks drifted higher Monday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
Infy Q2 net jumps 49 yoy Beating its own and market expectations, software major Infosys Technologies on Tuesday reported a 48.64 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 447.
Global Oil Prices Soar To Record Highs World oil prices have shot to record highs as concern grows about even more expensive fuel at the petrol pumps. In London, Brent North Sea crude oil for delivery in November surpassed \$50 a barrel for the first time in the contract #39;s 16-year history.
Britain faces pension savings gap, report warns? (updated PM4:26) British workers will have to save more and retire later to make up for a looming gap in pension savings, said the author of an official report being released Tuesday.
Linksys, AT amp;T Team for Consumer VoIP Starting in mid-October AT amp;T, in partnership with industry-leader Linksys (a division of Cisco Systems (Quote, Chart)), will begin offering Voice Over Internet Protocol (VoIP) to home users across the country.
Who #39;s your daddy? Yanks own Red Sox On the eve of the AL Championship Series, Major League Baseball recalled a T-shirt it had previously sanctioned because it rubbed Red Sox fans the wrong way, according to the Associated Press.
Beckham admits he deliberately got suspended because of injury England captain David Beckham revealed on Tuesday he deliberately got himself suspended for Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifying game against Azerbaijan because he knew he would miss the game with a broken rib.
Gone too soon Ken Caminiti #39;s power hitting, defensive acrobatics, and a rugged appeal that reached even nonbaseball fans made him one of San Diego #39;s premier athletes, and helped lay groundwork for a \$474 
Ponting leads tributes to Miller Australia captain Ricky Ponting has led the tributes to great all-rounder Keith Miller, who died on Monday. Miller, who played in Donald Bradman #39;s Invincibles team, died in Melbourne at the age of 84.
Griese will start for Bucs Chris Simms #39; first NFL start lasted only 19 plays, and it may be a while before he plays again for the Bucs. Although the second-year quarterback is day to day with a left shoulder sprain, coach Jon Gruden 
Apple iTunes UK suffers snags Some Macworld Online readers have experienced problems using the UK iTunes Music Store in recent days. Letters received by Macworld confirm multiple instances in which users trying to access 
Sri Lanka cruise to win Sri Lanka have virtually secured their place in the final of the Paktel Cup against Pakistan after easing to a comfortable seven-wicket victory over Zimbabwe on Saturday.
Victims of Bali Bombings Remembered Australian Prime Minister John Howard, center, his wife Janette, right, and opposition lawmaker Bob McMullan in Canberra, Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004, laying wreaths in memory of victims of the Bali bombings..Commemorations 
Pakistan steps up nuclear race Islamabad - Pakistan test-fired an intermediate-range, nuclear capable ballistic missile on Tuesday as part of its efforts to boost defences against nuclear rival India in spite of recent peace talks.
EU lifts Libya arms ban but presses Tripoli over medics LUXEMBOURG, Oct 11 (AFP) - The European Union agreed Monday to lift an 18-year-old arms embargo on Libya, welcoming the country #39;s renunciation of weapons of mass destruction and movement towards  quot;responsible government.
Philippine Ferry Blast Said Caused by Bomb MANILA, Philippines Oct. 11, 2004 - A bomb planted by the brutal Abu Sayyaf group caused a ferry fire in February that killed over 100 people in the Philippines #39; worst terrorist attack, an investigation concluded Monday.
China Urges US to Stop Selling Arms to Taiwan China Tuesday urged the United States to halt all official contact with Taiwan and to stop selling arms to the island, but made no comment on Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian #39;s recent peace overtures.
Nine die in Japan 'suicide pacts' Mass suicide is suspected after Japanese police find nine bodies in two groups near Tokyo.
Sources: Body of Briton Bigley Dumped Near Baghdad (Reuters) Reuters - The body of British engineer Kenneth\Bigley, killed by his kidnappers last week after three weeks in\captivity, was dumped just south of Baghdad Friday, sources\close to the insurgency said Tuesday.
India's Mirage 2000 crashes during exercise with Singapore (Reuters) Reuters - An Indian air force Mirage 2000 fighter jet crashed on Tuesday during joint exercises with Singapore's air force but no one was hurt after the two pilots bailed out in time, an Indian military spokesman said.
U.S. Oil Over \$54 on Winter Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices set new record highs above  \$54 a barrel for U.S. crude Tuesday, with global supplies  hounded by outages that are thwarting efforts to build winter  heating oil inventories.
Caesars, Quintain to Build Wembley Casino  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. casino firm Caesars Entertainment  Inc. and Quintain Estates have formed a joint venture to turn  the area around London's Wembley Stadium into a \$600 million  leisure and gambling resort.
Infosys Profit Growth Best in Three Years  BANGALORE (Reuters) - Infosys Technologies Ltd., India's  second-largest software services company, posted its biggest  quarterly profit jump in three years on increased outsourcing  by telecoms and financial companies.
UK inflation rate fall continues The UK's inflation rate fell in September, thanks in part to a fall in the price of airfares, increasing the chance that interest rates will be kept on hold.
Undecided Voter? Try This Quiz While most voters have chosen their favorite candidate for president, several sites offer online tests for the undecided. In some cases, the results can be quite contradictory. By Joanna Glasner.
Diebold and the Disabled Among the promoters of electronic voting machines are advocates for disabled voters. But critics say money connections between disability groups and voting-machine companies suggest the groups may be concerned with more than independent access for the disabled. By Kim Zetter.
Oil price breaks through \$54 Oil prices have set new record highs above \$54 a barrel for US crude, with global supplies hounded by outages that are thwarting efforts to build winter heating oil inventories.
Caesars, Quintain to Build Wembley Casino US casino firm Caesars Entertainment Inc. and Quintain Estates have formed a joint venture to turn the area around London #39;s Wembley Stadium into a \$600 million leisure and gambling resort.
UK inflation rate fall continues The slow rise in the price of clothing and footwear on the high street has once again helped to keep inflation under control in the UK.
SunTrust to restate its 2004 earnings The bank cites errors, puts two top executives on leave and delays its third-quarter report. By JOHN HIELSCHER. SunTrust Banks Inc.
M amp;S sales fall for fourth straight quarter Marks  amp; Spencer, reporting its fourth straight quarter of falling sales, says food sales slipped slightly in the last two weeks of September but clothing was steady.
Woodgate out until Christmas However, the England defender - who was examined at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation in Ohio - is likely to miss 10 more weeks of the season, Real Madrid team physician Alfonso del Corral said.
Packers humiliated by Titans GREEN BAY, Wis. - Chris Brown had touchdown runs of 37 and 29 yards as the Tennessee Titans beat the stumbling Green Bay Packers 48-27 on Monday night.
Prefontaine hoofs the Lions For a guy who would have preferred to see the SkyDome lid closed, Noel Prefontaine did a fine job of putting the boot to the football yesterday in the chilly, open air of the topless stadium.
Rebels begin weapons handover Residents of Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district slowly began to turn in weapons yesterday, the first step in a process that US and Iraqi officials hope 
Indonesia tightens security on Bali island Jakarta (VNA) - Indonesia #39;s police on Tuesday were ordered to tighten security on the resort island of Bali on the 2nd anniversary of Bali bombings that killed 202 people, including 88 Australians, and injured 500 others.
Buttiglione Rejected by EU Parliament A double rejection for Buttiglione in Brussels. The justice and security commission of the European Parliament has rejected by just one vote, the first resolution that accepted the candidature of Rocco Buttiglione 
Transactions BASEBALL Chicago (NL): Fired third base coach Wendell Kim. Cincinnati (NL): Extended manager Dave Miley's contract through 2006; signed OF Jason Romano to minor league contract. Los Angeles (NL): 3B Robin Ventura retired. Oakland (AL): Fired bench coach Chris Speier. Texas (AL): Assigned P Mickey Callaway to Oklahoma (PCL).
Reds extend Miley through 2006 Manager Dave Miley got a long-awaited show of confidence yesterday when the Cincinnati Reds extended his contract through the 2006 season. Miley, 42, had little security when he took over for the fired Bob Boone in July 2003. He finished that season as interim manager, then got only a one-year extension with a club option for 2005. The Reds had ...
Sources: Body of British Hostage Dumped Near Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The body of British engineer Kenneth  Bigley, killed by his kidnappers last week after three weeks in  captivity, was dumped just south of Baghdad Friday, sources  close to the insurgency said Tuesday.
Milosevic Trial Resumes After Month-Long Break  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan  Milosevic's war crimes trial resumed in The Hague on Tuesday  after a month-long break with two court-assigned lawyers  running his defense and calling the latest witness.
Jones wilts in the constant glare of innuendo If Marion Jones is guilty of the drug-taking allegations levelled against her by Balco #39;s owner Victor Conte, she will not only be damned as athletics #39; most notorious drugs cheat since Ben Johnson, she would have to go down as the most convincing liar I 
Megawati Loses Out The outgoing Indonesian President's unwillingness to accept defeat has held up a peaceful transition
US and Iraqis raid Sunni centres US and Iraqi forces raid mosques in Ramadi, after an overnight air strike on a popular restaurant in Falluja.
Moya #39;s magic seals Davis Cup for Spain A MAJESTIC Carlos Moya tamed world No2 Andy Roddick 6-2, 7-6, 7-6 yesterday to clinch the Davis Cup for Spain. The popular Majorcan erased the heartache of missing Spains maiden triumph in 2000 by bringing 
LONDON CALLING LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Las Vegas took one more high-stepping kick across the pond on Tuesday as casino operator Caesars Entertainment Inc.
Oil, stocks both rise Oil prices shot up yesterday to their fifth straight 21-year high, as hurricane damage closed a key oil shipping port in Louisiana.
Deutsche Telekom stake may be sold for 4.45 billion Stake in Deutsche Telekom AG may be sold by Germany for 4.45 billion (\$5.5 billion) as EU faces finance deficits and seeks for the ways to resolve the problem.
Australia #39;s Qantas calls halt to merger appeal process Australia #39;s main airline carrier, Qantas, says it won #39;t appeal the New Zealand High Court #39;s rejection of a proposed alliance with Air New Zealand.
Judge rejects AMD plea for confidential Intel documents A US judge has ruled that Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is not entitled to trial documents that the company said might help it prove its European Commission antitrust complaint against Intel.
Authorities shut down UK-based news websites US authorities have shut down 20 independent news websites run by the Independent Media Center (Indymedia) and seized two UK-based web servers.
Beckham: I Got Booked Deliberately England captain David Beckham has revealed that he deliberately got himself booked against Wales on Saturday. The Real Madrid star was cautioned for a foul on Ben Thatcher late in the game, and he will now 
Pakistan successfully test-fires nuclear capable missile Pakistan test-fired on Tuesday a medium-range ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads, part of the countrys efforts to enforce its defence, a military statement said.
US and Iraqi Forces Raid Ramadi Mosques Local residents arrive to examine a destroyed building in the center of Fallujah, west of Baghdad, Iraq, Tuesday morning, Oct. 12, 2004 following an US air strike.
THREE DIE IN SUICIDE BOMBING A CAR suicide bomber attacked an American convoy in the north Iraqi city of Mosul yesterday, killing one US soldier and twoIraqis.
Nuclear materials  #39;vanish #39; in Iraq Equipment and materials that could be used to make nuclear weapons have disappeared from Iraq, the chief of the UN #39;s atomic watchdog agency has warned.
Turkish hostages reportedly freed in Iraq Turkey #39;s foreign minister confirms ten Turkish hostages, who have been freed by kidnappers, are now in the Turkish embassy in Baghdad.
Milosevic Trial Resumes After Month-Long Break (Reuters) Reuters - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan\Milosevic's war crimes trial resumed in The Hague on Tuesday\after a month-long break with two court-assigned lawyers\running his defense and calling the latest witness.
Shell plans auction of liquefied petroleum gas unit (AFP) AFP - Royal Dutch/Shell plans to auction off its liquefied petroleum gas business, which is valued at more than one billion pounds.
Was Bush packing Wi-Fi in TV debate? &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Miraculous clarity arouses suspicion
Oil prices set all-time highs near 54 dollars in Asian trade (AFP) AFP - Oil prices hit all-time highs near 54 dollars in Asian trade as a general strike in Africa's biggest oil producer Nigeria turned the heat up further on jittery market and brought 65 dollars within sight.
U.S. Oil Over \$54 on Winter Fuel Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to new record highs  again Tuesday, taking U.S. crude above \$54, with global  supplies hounded by outages that are thwarting efforts to build  winter heating fuel inventories.
Philips Leads European Stocks Lower  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell Tuesday after weak  German ZEW investor confidence data raised fears economic  growth will dwindle and slow consumer buying weighed on the  third-quarter results of Philips.
Philips cautious despite profits Philips, Europe's largest maker of consumer electronics, is cautious about earnings growth despite reporting a profit in the third quarter.
Apple fan sites buzz with talk of photo-ready iPod Is Apple fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 more storage and a color screen to display photos? The Internet sites that follow Apple #39;s coming product 
Astros short hops Carlos Beltran, Jeff Bagwell and the Astros slugged their way into the postseason record book at Turner Field on Monday night. Powering the Astros to their first-ever postseason 
Vogts #39; job is safe for now - SFA Chief Scottish Football Association chief executive David Taylor has again insisted that Berti Vogts #39; job is secure, for the immediate future at least.
Sharon out to save Gaza pullout plan Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has launched new efforts to widen his shaky coalition after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.
Strike shakes crude oil costs Oil futures prices advanced to a new high Monday as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter of crude, exacerbating global supply concerns at a time of strong demand and reduced 
Philips cautious despite profits Philips, Europe #39;s largest maker of consumer electronics, has reported a higher-than-expected third-quarter operating profit. But the company is cautious about the future, warning that high oil prices and unrest in Iraq were hitting demand.
Royal  amp; Sun Alliance to axe 1,100 jobs in cost-cutting move to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurance giant Royal  amp; Sun Alliance (RSA) is set to send over 1,000 jobs to India to cut costs and offer the company greater operational flexibility.
WORK UNTIL YOU #39;RE 70 EMPLOYEES will have to work longer, save harder or pay higher taxes to plug a 57billion-a-year hole in pension funds. The Pensions Commission, set up by the Government to look into how 
Caesars to Build Major Casino in Capital Looking to gain a foothold in the potentially lucrative British gambling market, Caesars Entertainment Inc. has announced plans to construct a Las Vegas-style hotel-casino in London.
USA: Abbott Laboratories to acquire EAS US pharmaceuticals company Abbott Laboratories has announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire US nutrition company EAS.
MS details Windows XP Media Center 2005 Striving to reignite interest in Windows XP, Microsoft plans to unveil the latest version of its Windows XP Media Center Edition operating system today.
Court pointed to P2P firms The US Supreme Court has been asked to hold two internet file-sharing services responsible for their customers #39; online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.
Vendor group publishes new Web services management spec A group of technology vendors that includes AMD, Dell, Intel, Microsoft and Sun Microsystems, last week published a new Web services specification designed to simplify network administration across a range of devices.
IT management to get a boost from web services Microsoft and Sun Microsystems will publish a specification to use web services for managing a broad range of IT systems including PCs and devices on a network.
Schilling prepared to go on the attack New York- The Yankees and Red Sox have been there and done that. They #39;re about to do it again tonight in Game 1 of the American League Championship Series.
Wilkinson takes over at Leicester  quot;I spoke to Howard about helping Leicester out and he #39;s accepted that situation, quot; Bassett said in an interview with Sky News.
WNBA: Storm Defeat Sun, Tie Finals at 1-1 The Seattle Storm has defeated the Connecticut Sun 67-65 to force a decisive third game in the Women #39;s National Basketball Association Finals.
Vogts Expects Victory The game certainly is a must-win affair if the Scots are to have any chance of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup finals. With just one point from home games with Slovenia and Norway, they are already trailing in Group Five.
ANNBalinese still watchful and wary Craftsmen quietly packed up their tools and left the site. Although awaiting an official ceremony on the anniversary, the memorial to 202 people killed in the Oct. 12, 2002 attacks on Bali nightclubs was open to the public before that.
EU decision on the final lifting of sanctions imposed on Libya Libya achieved Monday a new major political victory by the EU decision fully and finally lifting the embargo on selling and exporting weapons to Libya imposed since 1986.
Analysis: IAEA Concerned Over Dismantlement Of Former Iraqi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Muhammad el-Baradei, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), sent a letter to the current UN Security Council President Sir Emyr Jones Parry last week expressing concern about the whereabouts of equipment from dismantled sites that 
Jacket Grows From Living Tissue Put off by the idea of wearing jackets made from dead animal skins, a team of Australian researchers attempts to grow a stitchless coat from live cells. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
IPod Users Go Into the Closet As Apple's iPod moves fast into the mainstream, many users shun the telltale white earbuds. Behold the closet iPod lover, some of whom are not too keen on the growing hordes of plebes with new iPods. By Leander Kahney.
School Ups Grade by Going Online A program called HIPSchools lets parents track assignments and communicate with teachers online. For a Brooklyn middle school with a failing grade from the state, the system has meant a dramatic turnaround. By Cyrus Farivar.
Indecency Rules Enter Digital Age The FCC leads the campaign to rein in 'indecency' on the airwaves. But in a world of unlimited spectrum, some think shackling the First Amendment is what's obscene. By Frank Rose from Wired magazine.
Backup Voting -- Could Be a Mess A new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year as they were in 2000 could cause Election Day problems.
Report: Maverick UK Envoy to Tashkent May Lose Job  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's ambassador to Uzbekistan, who  has condemned his superiors for accepting security information  gathered by torture, may be about to lose his job, British  media reported Tuesday.
Russia 'unveils Yukos sale plans' The Russian government plans to push through a partial sale of oil giant Yukos in order to cover the firm's tax bill, it is reported.
Oil Rises to Record for 6th Day on Shortfall Concern; Use Jumps Crude oil rose to a record for a sixth day, passing \$54 a barrel in New York, as concern about US supplies grew after the International Energy Agency said demand this year is rising faster than expected.
Corporate tax bill agreement reached On Monday, the US Senate reached the deal over long-playing tax bill costing \$136 billion. The deal is expected to allow to vote over the bill of \$136 billion tax breaks, \$14.
Third Time #39;s A Charm NEW YORK - Finally, there is some good news for Microsoft in its struggle to gain a foothold in the living room. The third try is always the charm when Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) takes a run at a new market.
The Vision Thing Tech companies can #39;t just have products. They have to have a vision. At IBM, it #39;s  quot;on-demand quot; computing. At companies in just about any business more complicated than hubcaps, it #39;s  quot;selling solutions.
QB guessing game begins TORONTO -- Toronto #39;s Jonathan Brown was mainly responsible for the constant, dull thud of BC quarterbacks hitting the turf, wondering what hit them, that he earned the right to weigh in on the Lions #39; renewed quarterback controversy.
Yao Ming, Rockets in Shanghai for NBA #39;s first games in China SHANGHAI, China The Houston Rockets have arrived in Shanghai with hometown favorite Yao Ming declaring himself  quot;here on business.
Al-Sadr Militants Trade Arms For Cash Baghdad, Iraq Residents of Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district slowly began to turn in weapons Monday, the first step in a process that US and Iraqi officials hope will lead to a permanent end to fighting in the insurgent-controlled slum.
Translator hired by Titan beheaded by insurgents A translator employed by San Diego #39;s Titan Corp. was beheaded in Iraq yesterday by insurgents who also beheaded a Turkish contractor working at a US air base.
IAEA ignored Greenpeace warnings on Iraq Mohamed ElBaradei warned the world today that nuclear assets in Iraq have been looted and nuclear materials have disappeared. Greenpeace made that warning more than a year ago when we located radioactive materials 
Annan asks China to play a bigger role UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan told university students in Beijing Monday that China should play a bigger role in global development and world peace.
World oil prices reach new highs on supply fears LONDON : World oil prices stormed above 54 US dollars for the first time Tuesday as strikes in Nigeria and Norway raised worries about possible supply shortages during the northern hemisphere winter.
Quintain plans casino at Wembley QUINTAIN Estates and Development is planning a 320m casino and leisure complex near the new Wembley Stadium. The developer would split the cost with Las Vegas casino owner, Caesars Entertainment in a joint 
Russian Justice Ministry says it will sell some Yukos assets MOSCOW Russia #39;s Justice Ministry will sell off some of the assets of a subsidiary of the oil giant Yukos. That #39;s according to a statement carried by the Interfax news agency.
Cheaper airfares now easier to find The Holy Grail of Internet shopping is being able to go online, click a few times, and find the exact product or service you want at the best possible price.
You Wanted The Best, You Got The Best NEW YORKCurt Schilling started Game Seven of the World Series for the Diamondbacks against the Yankees in 2001. Three years later, he finally gets to pitch in the biggest game of his life when he takes 
Wilkinson takes over at Leicester after Adams departure Former England caretaker manager Howard Wilkinson has taken temporary charge of coaching English second division Leicester City after the resignation of Micky Adams.
Houston...We Have Liftoff! In a game featuring countless years of playoff futility for both teams, though with vastly different barometers of success, the Atlanta Braves could not withstand the onslaught of the Killer Bs as the Houston Astros took the decisive Game 5 of 
CAL NOTEBOOK Dinged-up defensive line awaits Bruins Tackle Lorenzo Alexander left the USC game with an injured elbow. X-rays and an MRI exam didn #39;t reveal any major damage. He was taking part in limited drills Monday, and coach Jeff Tedford said he expected him to be fine by Saturday.
Winning equals sales A day later, Simone Edwards could not get over the sellout KeyArena crowd of 17,072 that saw the Seattle Storm beat Connecticut, 67-65, in Game 2 of the WNBA Finals on Sunday.
Vogts sure side will beat Moldova Scotland manager Berti Vogts has expressed his confidence that his team will win in Moldova on Wednesday. There have been calls for his resignation after Saturday #39;s 1-0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Norway.
Wait  #39;Till Next Year Midnight came for the Cinderella Dodgers and their magical season ended with the thump of Albert Pujols #39;homer landing in the short seats in left field, breaking a 2-2 tie.
Bali blast remembered two years later In beach shorts and black armbands, mourners met on Tuesday under blue Bali skies for an emotional ceremony to remember 202 people killed two years ago when bombs tore through the heart of Indonesia #39;s resort island.
Pioneering NASA Engineer Max Faget Dead at 83 (Reuters) Reuters - Pioneering NASA engineer Maxime Faget,\who designed the Project Mercury capsule that carried the first\U.S. astronauts into space and worked on every subsequent\manned spacecraft including the space shuttle, has died at the\age of 83, NASA said on Sunday.
Fujitsu and Cisco Form Strategic Alliance SAN JOSE, Calif.  amp; TOKYO - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ec. 5, 2004  -itsu Limited (TSE:6702) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into 
Oil price at new record of above \$54 pb; Brent crosses \$51 pb NEW YORK, October 12 (newratings.com) - World crude oil prices continued their upward rally today above \$54 per barrel, rising to new record high levels for the sixth consecutive day.
Royal  amp; Sun Alliance offshores 1,200 UK jobs UK insurance giant Royal  amp; Sun Alliance is to offshore some 1,200 back office and call center jobs to India over the next two years.
Britons Must Save More, Pay More Tax for Pensions (Update1) The UK must force people to work until age 70 or pay 57 billion pounds (\$102 billion) a year more in taxes to maintain income for retirees, a study commissioned by Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government showed.
Russia announces plans to sell part of Yukos: report MOSCOW : Russia #39;s justice ministry announced plans to sell a part of the Yukos oil giant to cover the company #39;s outstanding back taxes.
Merck begins search for new CEO NEW YORK, October 12 (newratings.com) - The global pharmaceutical giant, Merck  amp; Company (MRK.NYS) plans to appoint a new CEO by the end of next year.
Botched maintenance - not worm - blamed for MS IM glitch MSN Messenger, Microsoft #39;s instant message service, is back up and running this morning after a routine maintenance operation went wrong, rendering the service sporadically unavailable for three days.
Vodafone gives away free desktop text software With the UK sending over two billion texts every month, according to the Mobile Data Association, Big Red is giving away the software free to encourage companies to make more use of the messaging service.
VeriSign offers VoIP signaling VeriSign Inc said yesterday that it is now offering voice over IP service providers with access to its SS7 signaling network, allowing them to outsource the process of connecting their networks to regular telecommunications carriers.
Vogts expects victory Scotland manager Berti Vogts insists he is expecting nothing but victory against Moldova on Wednesday. The game certainly is a must-win affair if the Scots are to have any chance of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup finals.
Ready or not, MSU prepares for Big Ten heavyweights Michigan State football coach John L. Smith couldn #39;t, or wouldn #39;t, say if his team is in any condition to compete with the Big Ten #39;s upper echelon.
Iraqi material missing, says UN nuclear agency UNITED NATIONS - The United Nations #39; nuclear agency says it is concerned about the disappearance of equipment and materials from Iraq that could be used to make nuclear weapons.
Berlusconi blasts EU rejection ROME, Italy -- An EU committee #39;s rejection of an Italian nominee with conservative views on homosexuality has drawn a sharp condemnation by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Profile: Cambodian King Nears End of Long Political Career Cambodia #39;s legislature has voted to allow a nine-member council to choose a successor to 81-year-old King Norodom Sihanouk, who abdicated last week.
Royal moves workforce to India Royal  amp; SunAlliance, second-biggest general insurance company in Britain, announced on Monday it will transfer as much as 1,100 jobs to India to raise the number of employees in the country to 1,200 within a couple of years.
Temasek posts S\$7.4b net profit in first-ever report card SINGAPORE : Investment firm Temasek Holdings has made public its report card for the first time in its 30-year history. Its performance in financial year 2003 sparkled, with 
Oracle wants to buy PeopleSoft cheaper ORACLE IS considering dropping its hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft by one-third to one-fourth. Oracle co-president Safra Catz said that having seen PeopleSoft #39;s 2004 performance 
Mortgage Rates, Dell Recall Metro Atlantas best home mortgage rates continue to hold at historic 30-year lows this week. After being grounded last week, the airlines are raising fares again to cover escalating fuel costs.
Wallace denies wrongdoing in fed anti-spyware case The man at the center of the nation #39;s first spyware case - businessman notorious for his junk Internet mailings  -s federal regulators were politically 
China declares bounty on web p0rn THE CHINESE government, while ignoring web calls to clean up corruption of officials, is offering rewards to people who shop web porn makers.
Woodgate relieved to avoid surgery for thigh injury Defender Jonathan Woodgate says he is relieved he is unlikely to need surgery for a long-standing thigh injury and should be able to make his debut for Real Madrid before the end of the year.
Green Bay sent packing Chris Brown rushed for 148 yards and two touchdowns as the Tennessee Titans ended a run of three defeats by powering to a 48-27 victory over the struggling Green Bay Packers.
Camoranesi is doubt for crunch tie ROME, Italy -- Italy #39;s Mauro Camoranesi is a major doubt for Wednesday #39;s crunch World Cup qualifier at home to Belarus. The Argentina-born midfielder has a left thigh strain and a bruised right leg and has 
Red Sox vs. Yankees Managers: Terry Francona is in his first year with the Red Sox and is 3-0 in the postseason. Joe Torre is 887-567 (.610) in nine seasons with the Yankees, 68-31 (.687) in the postseason.
GOLF: SCOTT #39;S TO HAVE TEE WITH ERNIE SCOTT DRUMMOND has been handed the task of taking on No.1 seed Ernie Els in the first round of the HSBC World Matchplay Championship at Wentworth on Thursday.
PREVIEW-Italy cannot afford another World Cup slip-up Smarting from their defeat to Slovenia, Italy face Belarus on Wednesday in Parma knowing they can ill-afford to let their World Cup qualifying campaign get further off track.
Yao Ming and Rockets Arrive in Shanghai Houston Rockets #39; Yao Ming answers a question from journalists during a press conference for the NBA China 2004 game Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004 in Shanghai, China.
Prefontaine boots Argos past Lions CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Argonauts may need to brush up on tackling for the playoffs, but their pass rush and kicker Noel Prefontaine are in top form.
Bali bombing victims remembered Mourners in Indonesia, Australia and around the world have been remembering those who died in the Bali nightclub bombings exactly two years ago.
Nine Dead In Japanese Group Suicide Pacts Seven people - four young men and three young women - have been found slumped over dead in a van outside Tokyo. Four charcoal stoves were also in the van; investigators think the young people died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Final Answers From the B.C.S. Once Again Raise Questions Southern California and Oklahoma finished 1-2 in the final B.C.S. standing and will play for the national title in the Orange Bowl on Jan. 4.
China Seen as Biggest Driver of Ivory Market (Reuters) Reuters - Booming demand in China is the biggest\driver of the illegal ivory market and there is no clear link\between allowing regulated legal trade and a rise in black\market supplies, a report to a U.N. conference said on Monday.
French cinemas act to jam mobiles Mobile phone signals will be jammed in French cinemas and theatres to prevent audience disturbance.
Report Faults Military Technology in Iraq War  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Front-line U.S. troops often lacked  access to surveillance and intelligence data during the  invasion of Iraq because of computer glitches, Technology  Review magazine reported on Tuesday, citing a classified report  by Rand Corp.
Volkswagen Negotiators Renew Wage Talks (AP) AP - Negotiators for Volkswagen and its unionized employees began a third round of crucial wage talks in Hanover on Tuesday, with the company pressing its demand for a wage freeze and the union seeking job guarantees and a wage increase of 4 percent annually.
Israeli Army: al-Qaida Behind Egypt Blasts (AP) AP - The Israeli army believes that al-Qaida carried out three car bombings in Egypt last week that killed at least 34 people, Israel's military chief said Tuesday.
Tribal team to meet militant for release of kidnapped Chinese (AFP) AFP - Tribal elders headed to a remote hideout near the Afghan border to persuade an Al-Qaeda-linked militant, freed from Guantanamo Bay only seven months ago, to drop threats to kill two Chinese hostages.
U.S. Funds Chat-Room Surveillance Study A Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute computer science professor hopes to develop mathematical models that can uncover structure within the scattershot traffic of online public forums.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Virgin to Unveil Portable Music Player The consumer electronics arm of the Virgin Group is introducing a new 5-gigabyte hard-disk portable music player, bringing a powerful brand name in music to the increasingly crowded product space. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
E-shopping: When  Things Don't Click Aregular Amazon customer, Yvette Thompson has found shopping online to be mostly convenient and trouble-free. But last month, after ordering two CDs on Amazon.com, the Silver Spring reader discovered on her bank statement that she was double-charged for the \$26.98 order. And there was a \$25 charge that was a mystery.
Space Station Concerns Reduced As a new crew prepares to lift off tomorrow for the international space station, NASA officials say they are less worried than they were two weeks ago about problems with its oxygen generator and growing shortages of food and spare parts.
Commercial whaling ban upheld Japan's proposal to resume commercial hunting of minke whales is rejected by\the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species.
Drilling for Africa's climate history Ghana's Lake Bosumtwi holds clues to Africa's climate past - and a massive space impact.
Texas A M, Tenn. to Meet in Cotton Bowl (AP) AP - Texas A amp;M's great turnaround season continued Sunday as the Aggies earned a spot in the Cotton Bowl against Tennessee. And the Aggies have their top rival, Texas, to thank for it.
Rebels kill 17 Iraqis working for US army GUERRILLAS shot dead 17 Iraqis working for US forces north of Baghdad yesterday, and killed six other people, including three Iraqi National Guard members, taking the toll from three days of violence to more than 70.
Congress OKs \$136 billion in tax breaks WASHINGTON -- Congress Monday approved a \$136 billion in new corporate tax breaks and a buyout for tobacco farmers as part of legislation that eliminates an export tax credit ruled illegal by the World Trade Organization.
Deutsche Telekom to reintegrate T-Online Deutsche Telekom is offering to buy back shares in its internet subsidiary in a bid to strengthen its ability to provide bundled voice, data and video services.
Singapore Gov #39;t Arm Releases Report The Singapore government #39;s investment arm, Temasek Holdings, released a public annual report Tuesday for the first time since its inception three decades ago, shedding some light on its long-secretive operations.
Northwest pilots say concessions deal could be close Pilots at Northwest Airlines said a deal on concessions could come  quot;in the very near future, quot; putting the airline within striking distance of savings it has said are key to its future.
GM cutting 13,000 in Europe? No. 1 automaker #39;s plan may affect 20 of European work force as it aims to save \$500Ma year. FRANKFURT (Reuters) - General Motors, the world #39;s largest automaker, is expected to unveil a plan this week to cut 
Infineon falls on Philips, fibre optics fears Shares in chipmaker Infineon (IFXGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 3 percent on Tuesday after Philips (PHG.AS: Quote, Profile, Research) gave a cautious outlook for its chips unit and analysts worried the German firm 
Biopharmaceutical industry seen as prescription for new jobs in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Florida will create 4,500 new biopharmaceutical jobs in the next 10 years as the industry grows significantly across the nation, according to a report released today by the Milken Institute in Los Angeles.
From spam king to spy master? In what could prove to be one the great second acts in Internet history, erstwhile king of spam Sanford Wallace takes center stage this week as exhibit A in a federal crackdown on invasive online advertising software.
MS to launch final Windows Media Player 10 today Microsoft will announce the final version of its Windows Media 10 software today when it launches Windows XP Media Center 2005. Central to the announcement is Windows Media Player 10, which integrates MS #39; latest 
MPAA asks Supreme Court to crush P2Pers The Motion Picture Ass. of America (MPAA), along with its audio alternative, the Recording Industry Ass. of America (RIAA) are appealing against their failed appeal in a bid to make P2P software suppliers accountable for the actions of their users.
Police rewards porn site informers The Ministry of Public Security Sunday rewarded a number of informers who have tipped police about pornographic websites since China launched a nationwide campaign to crack down on the illegal on-line operations this July.
FBI seizes servers from UK offices Several London-based servers of an alternative media network have been seized by the FBI in an operation, rumoured to be related to recent requests to remove photos posted on a web site.
Spam enforcers urged to work together Johannesburg, 12 October 2004 - International consumer law enforcers from 29 countries were yesterday urged to work together to combat the growing threat of spam.
Microsoft delays on antitrust compliance requirements Microsoft is behind schedule in complying with a court order to document its proprietary communications protocols, according to US authorities monitoring its behaviour.
It #39;s time to turn the page A cold October wind chilled Yankee Stadium Monday afternoon, ushering in autumn while the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox practiced.
India formally invited to play in Champions Trophy New Delhi, Oct 12 (UNI) In the wake of Australia #39;s withdrawal from the Champions trophy, India has been formally invited to replace the Olympic champions in the elite eix-nation hockey tournament to be held in Lahore from December 4-12.
Taylor hints at price of failure for Vogts SCOTTISH Football Association chief executive David Taylor has issued another denial that national team manager Berti Vogts is facing the sack, but the man who had head-hunted the German from the deserts of Kuwait also indicated that as soon as Scotland 
Lions ransacked The Argos beat the BC Lions 22-16, principally by containing Casey Printers, the hottest quarterback in the league, in front of an announced crowd of 25,212.
Eskimos snap out of it And there #39;s plenty of joy in Mudville now that the Edmonton Eskimos have snapped a three-game losing skid and are playing .500 football again.
Hughes  #39;Surprised #39; by Beckham #39;s Clear Thinking Wales manager Mark Hughes today refused to condemn David Beckham after the England captain admitted he deliberately got himself booked during Saturdays clash with Ben Thatcher at Old Trafford.
Shiite militiamen surrender weapons Iraqi policeman and National Guard members check weapons handed in to the al-Nasr police station in Sadr City, Baghdad, Iraq, October 11.
Memorial service honours Bali victims MARK COLVIN: Scores of Australian survivors and relatives of many of the 202 people killed when terrorist bombs ripped through nightclubs on Indonesia #39;s Bali island two years ago, have gathered at a new memorial site to remember the dead.
Militants in Iraq Free 10 Turkish Hostages Turkey #39;s Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul told reporters in Ankara that the men arrived in Baghdad Tuesday, and that their families have been informed of their release.
Insurgents to hand over weapons Shiite militiamen loyal to anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed yesterday to begin handing in weapons, a significant step toward restoring order in Baghdad #39;s sprawling Sadr City slum 
Merrill Profit Falls, Beats Expectations (Reuters) Reuters - Merrill Lynch   Co.  on Tuesday\said third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced\investment banking and trading.
Johnson   Johnson Profit Up on Drug Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Diversified health-care company\Johnson   Johnson  on Tuesday said its quarterly profit\rose on higher sales of prescription drugs and medical devices.
Stocks Seen Lower as Oil Holds Above \$54  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were sharply lower  on Tuesday, pointing to a weak market open as crude oil prices  hit yet another high, while third-quarter earnings reports  began to trickle in.
Merrill Profit Falls, Beats Expectations  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merrill Lynch   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MER.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MER.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced  investment banking and trading.
Vegas Comes to Wembley with Casino Plan  LONDON (Reuters) - Rundown land surrounding London's  Wembley Stadium will be transformed into a glitzy \$600 million  gambling resort in a joint venture between U.S. group Caesars  Entertainment and Britain's Quintain Estates.
Johnson   Johnson Profit Up on Drug Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Diversified health-care company  Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said its quarterly profit  rose on higher sales of prescription drugs and medical devices.
Chain Store Sales Rise in Latest Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store retail sales rose in  the latest week as a holiday weekend gave Americans more time  to shop, a report said on Tuesday.
Levi Strauss Posts Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - - Jeans maker Levi Strauss   Co. on  Tuesday posted a quarterly profit, compared with a year-earlier  loss, helped by sales of higher-priced products in Europe and  Asia and lower costs.
Funds Seek to Nominate Disney Directors  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Four of the biggest U.S. public  pension funds said Tuesday they would press for the right to  have shareholders nominate directors to Walt Disney Co.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; board of directors.
10 Turkish Hostages Freed in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - The chairman of a Turkish construction company whose employees were released by kidnappers said Tuesday his firm will not withdraw from Iraq because it was unclear whether the abductions were politically motivated.    Ten employees of the Turkish firm VINSAN were freed by their abductors and arrived at the Turkish embassy in Baghdad...
'High Street' Sign Is Among Most Stolen EUGENE, Ore. - The signs marking High Street have become a hot commodity and coveted dorm room decoration in these parts...
Merrill Profit Falls, Beats Expectations Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. (MER.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced investment banking and trading.
Vegas comes to Wembley with \$600M casino plan Rundown land surrounding London #39;s Wembley Stadium will be transformed into a glitzy \$600 million gambling resort in a joint venture between US group Caesars Entertainment and Britain #39;s Quintain Estates.
British Air Travel Not Hurt by Storms Hurricanes that closed a number of airports in the United States last month did little to trim the growing numbers of air travelers to Britain, the country #39;s airports operator said Tuesday.
MALLINDER TAKES CHARGE OF UNDER-21s Mallinder, a leading coach within the Rugby Football Union #39;s national academy, has been appointed to lead England #39;s defence of the Six Nations Under-21 title, which they won with a Grand Slam last term.
Active efforts taken to rescue kidnapped engineers China has been going in for various substantial efforts to rescue the two engineers, who were kidnapped in Pakistan, Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhang Qiyue tolda regular press conference here Tuesday.
Canada Eyes Investment Opportunities in Russia  PM Canada is interested in investing in Russia, the countrys prime minister, Paul Martin, said on Tuesday. Russia and Canada are two great northern countries rich in natural resources, Interfax news agency quoted him as saying.
EMC Would Like This Dantz NEW YORK - EMC will announce today that it has closed on the acquisition of Dantz Development, a privately held company that it hopes will give it a toehold in the \$600 million spent by small to mid-size companies on data backup and recovery software.
Caminiti, left to fight alone, needed allies He should have been in jail. Or maybe locked down in a hospital. Or maybe in a life-altering boot-camp drug treatment program. Some doctor, some jailer or some judge should have known to save Ken Caminiti from himself.
U.S. Oil Jumps Over \$54 on Winter Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to record highs above  \$54 on Tuesday as a fire at Nigerian export pipeline became the  latest threat to consumers' efforts to build winter heating  fuel inventories.
Merrill Profit Falls, Global Markets Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merrill Lynch   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MER.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MER.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced  trading in debt and equity markets.
Chiron Says Gets Subpoena Over Vaccine Debacle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chiron Corp. said in a regulatory  filing on Tuesday that it received a grand jury subpoena issued  by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New  York requesting documents related to its failure to supply any  flu vaccine this year.
Gannett Profit Rises Advertising Growth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media company Gannett Co Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GCI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GCI.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Tuesday reported higher quarterly profit, propelled by  advertising sales gains at its newspapers and broadcast  television stations.
Pension Funds Want Voice in Disney Board  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Four of the biggest U.S. public  pension funds said on Tuesday they would press for the right to  have shareholders nominate directors to Walt Disney Co.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; board of directors.
M T Bank Profit Rises on Fewer Bad Loans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - M T Bank Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MTB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MTB.N&lt;/A&gt;, which counts  billionaire Warren Buffett as its third largest shareholder, on  Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose a greater-than-expected  19 percent, helped by growing fees and a drop in bad loans.
Boy's eBay con nets 45,000 Detectives warn internet auction bidders to be wary of how they pay after a teenage fraudster conned customers.
Raiders' Curry Could Be Lost for Season (Reuters) Reuters - The Oakland Raiders\might have lost Ronald Curry for the rest of the season after\the promising young receiver suffered what is likely a torn\left Achilles' tendon in a 34-27 loss to the Chiefs on Sunday.
Price for North Sea crude hits new high on Tuesday The price for North Sea oil of Brent quality was Monday sold for US\$ 50 a barrel for the first time ever, and on Tuesday it peaked at US\$ 51.
Stock market indicators sharply negative after oil hits record US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - With world oil prices hitting a record high above \$54 US a barrel, early indicators were sharply negative for North American stock markets Tuesday.
SEC Begins Amkor Technology Inquiry Amkor Technology Inc. said Tuesday that the Securities and Exchange Commission began an informal inquiry into trading of the company #39;s securities.
Branson: First Space, Now Music To Go Nobody can say billionaires aren #39;t competitive: First Richard Branson announces he #39;s going up against Paul Allen in consumer space travel.
\$136 billion business tax break package gets OK Congress gave final approval Monday to a 10-year, \$136 billion package of business tax breaks that represents the biggest change in the corporate tax code in two decades 
Petro-Canada signs on for plan to ship liquefied natural gas from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW (CP) - Petro-Canada and Russia #39;s Gazprom have signed a tentative deal aimed at shipping liquefied natural gas to North American markets by 2009.
Spyware Under Attack by Government AccountingWEB.com - October 12, 2004 - By taking advantage of a hole in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer web browser, hackers have been able to introduce spyware or adware, which is downloaded on to hard drives without owners #39; knowledge.
EMC picks up maker of backup tools This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Funner Not Funny For MSN Users Called W32.Funner, the worm upon infection attempts to spread itself through the host #39;s MSN Messenger contact list. Apart from altering Windows #39; host file and adding nearly 1000 URLs, the worm also attempts 
Drummond is enjoying his step up in class When Scott Drummond created one of the biggest shocks of the European golfing year by winning the Volvo PGA Championship at Wentworth in May, he spent the week sleeping in a Travelodge.
FIH invites India for Champions Trophy International Hockey Federation sent a formal invitation on Tuesday asking India to take part in this year #39;s Champions Trophy hockey tournament in Pakistan following Australia #39;s withdrawal from the event on security grounds.
Packers Fall To 1-4 After Loss The fans at Lambeau Field aren #39;t used to what they #39;ve been seeing lately from their beloved Green Bay Packers. Running back Chris Brown shredded Green Bay #39;s defense for 148 yards and two scores and quarterback 
Cricket: Australian cricketers to wear black armbands in Miller #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : Australia #39;s cricket team will wear black armbands in the second Test against India in Madras in respect for one of Australia #39;s greatest cricketers Keith Miller, Cricket Australia said.
Pakistan Test-Fires Nuke-Capable Missile This handout picture released by Pakistan #39;s Defense Ministry shows the launching of Pakistan-made Ghauri V missile, which has a range of 1,500 kilometers (930 miles) at undisclosed location in Pakistan on Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004.
UN says nuclear gear vanished from Iraq The United Nations #39; chief nuclear inspector says satellite imagery shows nuclear-related equipment is vanishing from Iraq. In a letter to the UN Security Council 
Released Turkish workers arrive at embassy in Baghdad Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul said Tuesday that 10 Turkish workers who were released after they had been taken hostage in Iraq were now at the Turkish embassyin Baghdad.
UN Chopper Crash-Lands in Afghanistan, Crew Stranded (Reuters) Reuters - A U.N. helicopter flying to retrieve\ballot boxes after Afghanistan's landmark election was forced\to crash-land in a remote snow-covered corner of the country on\Tuesday, officials said.
Japan: Participation, Not Pledges, Key in Iraq Meet (Reuters) Reuters - Japan hopes new pledges to rebuild Iraq\will emerge as international donors meet in Tokyo from\Wednesday, but it sees broader participation in stabilizing the\war-torn country as even more important than fresh funds.
Treasuries Rise as Oil Spikes to Record (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries climbed on Tuesday\amid a relentless rise in oil costs that hinted at a slowdown\in consumer spending in the coming holiday season.
Chain Store Sales Rise in the Oct 9 Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales fell in the\first week of October as increased customer traffic in malls\failed to translate into bigger purchases, a report said on\Tuesday.
10 Turkish Hostages Freed in Iraq (AP) AP - Islamic insurgents released 10 Turkish hostages in Iraq, and their employer said Tuesday that his company will resume operations in the wartorn country because it was unclear whether the abductions were politically motivated or criminal.
Oil Jumps Over \$54 on Winter Fuel Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to record highs above  \$54 on Tuesday as a fire at Nigerian export pipeline became the  latest threat to consumers' efforts to build winter heating  fuel inventories.
Treasuries Rise as Oil Spikes to Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries climbed on Tuesday  amid a relentless rise in oil costs that hinted at a slowdown  in consumer spending in the coming holiday season.
Embattled Salt Lake Mayor Quits Race (AP) AP - County Mayor Nancy Workman, facing criminal charges of misspending taxpayer money, announced she was withdrawing from the Nov. 2 election.
Chain Store Sales Rise in the Oct 9 Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales fell in the  first week of October as increased customer traffic in malls  failed to translate into bigger purchases, a report said on  Tuesday.
M T Bank Profit Climbs on Fewer Bad Loans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - M T Bank Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MTB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MTB.N&lt;/A&gt;, which counts  billionaire Warren Buffett as its third-largest shareholder, on  Tuesday said quarterly profit rose a greater-than-expected 19  percent, helped by growing fees and a drop in bad loans.
Sharon rushes to widen coalition Israel's PM steps up efforts to rebuild his coalition after suffering a setback in parliament over his Gaza plan.
Oil Prices Reach \$54, a New Record The new all-time high was fueled by continuing worries over supply in Nigeria and reduced output in the hurricane-hobbled Gulf of Mexico.
Triple Murder in Boston Amid a Grim Statistic: Killings on the Rise In a city that prides itself on a drastic reduction in homicides since 1990, a triple homicide has driven home the sudden rise in killings.
Bush, Kerry Talk Tough Before Last Debate DENVER - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.    On the way to the debate that will range over domestic issues from the economy to health care, Bush is reaching out to military supporters in Colorado Springs, where the war in Iraq is the chief concern...
Chinese party leaders call for monetary stability China #39;s top Communist party leaders have called for stability in the country #39;s monetary and fiscal policies and continued efforts to rein in growth in fixed-asset investment, in a 
2nd UPDATE: HK Govt Land Sale Sets Post- #39;97 Price Record HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--A post-1997 price record was set Tuesday at a Hong Kong government land sale, reflecting the bullish outlook of property developers for the residential market after several lean years.
Tendulkar set to miss second test against Australia Sachin Tendulkar is set to miss the second test against Australia starting on Thursday in Madras.  quot;It is very, very unlikely he will play, quot; coach John Wright said on Tuesday.
Packers Lose Four Straight Both the Titans and the Packers desperately needed a win last Monday night to turnaround a disappointing start by both teams. Given this fact, one might have expected a close game, but that was not the case.
US forces target seven Iraqi mosques Iraqi soldiers and US troops Tuesday targeted seven mosques in Ramadi in a bid to roust insurgents and their weaponry, CNN reported.
Philips Q3 earnings soar on one-time gains Third-quarter profits at Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV surged on one-time gains from stakes sold in two companies floated on the capital market, Europe #39;s largest consumer electronics maker said Tuesday in a statement.
Retailers may have to do some tweaking to get consumers back in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With a weak back-to-school season behind them, US retailers are focused on the holidays and what steps they need to take to get consumers excited about shopping again.
Sharon faces two no-confidence motions Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who has alienated his right-wing Likud party with plans to withdraw from Gaza, begins a new legislative session yesterday fighting for his government #39;s survival.
Seven die in Japan  #39;suicide pact #39; Japanese police have found the bodies of seven young people - three women and four men - in a van in the Saitama mountains to the west of Tokyo.
Turkish captives released in Iraq Ten Turkish hostages held captive by a group in Iraq since last month have returned to their company #39;s offices in Baghdad.  quot;We can confirm that the 10 Turkish hostages have been freed.
Seven Die in 'Internet Suicide' Pact (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese police said on Tuesday they were\investigating a suspected group suicide involving seven people\who met through the Internet, the latest in a rash of suicides\linked to the Web.
Apple Remote Desktop 2.1 available (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. on Monday released an update for Apple Remote Desktop (ARD), the company's software solution to assist Mac system administrators and computer managers with asset management, software distribution and help desk support. ARD 2.1 includes several enhancements and bug fixes.
IBM beefs up ISV programs (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Hoping to both bolster resources available to its network of business partners as well as expand its number of partners, IBM on Tuesday introduced services and support programs that boost financial support for co-marketing campaigns and grant deeper access to IBM #8217;s sales network to close deals faster.
Microsoft offers Office 2004 Service Pack 1 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Microsoft Corp.'s Mac Business Unit (MacBU) on Tuesday announced the availability of Office 2004 for Mac Service Pack 1, an update for the latest Macintosh release of the company's popular productivity application software suite. The service pack "addresses potential security issues and bugs that user feedback played an important role in identifying," according to Microsoft. What's more, the new version features support for Microsoft Error Reporting Protocol (MERP), which allows customers to send bug reports to Microsoft anonymously.
A River Pulled in Two Directions The Lower Delaware, site of a recent oil spill, seems as if it has been mistakenly stuck at the end of the pristine Upper Delaware.
XML Weather Data \\Wired reports: \\"The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration this week began providing\weather data in an open-access XML format, alleviating concerns that\commercial providers would continue to play a dominant role in how weather\data gets to the public."\\"Previously, the data was technically available to the public, but in a format\that's not easily deciphered. Taxpayers fund the NOAA and the subsidiary
Oil punches through \$54 US a barrel TORONTO - Oil prices broke through another new record, passing the \$54-per-barrel mark on Tuesday. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, the price for the November contract for light sweet crude stood at \$54.
LG.Philips: This Side Up The joint venture between Korea #39;s LG Electronics and the Netherlands #39; Philips (NYSE: PHG) reported an increase in year-on-year sales for its fiscal third quarter (up 12).
State Street Profit Lower Job Cuts Coming Financial services company State Street Corp. (STT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly profit fell more than Wall Street had expected as foreign 
Temasek reveals earnings for first time SINGAPORE Temasek Holdings earned 7.4 billion Singapore dollars, or \$4.4 billion, in the last fiscal year, the Singapore government investment company said Tuesday, revealing details of its financial performance for the first time in its 30-year history.
M amp;T Bank Posts Higher 3Q Profit M amp;T Bank Corp. said Tuesday that its profit jumped 19 percent for the quarter ended Sept. 30, helped by a slight rise in interest income and loans during the period.
IBM buys into project management IBM sought to beef up its software tools portfolio on Tuesday, announcing plans to acquire Systemcorp, a privately held maker of project management applications.
News Corp unit to invest 600M pounds in printing plants NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- News Corp. (NWS) announced that its UK newspaper unit News International will cut its production staff by two thirds and invest 600 million pounds (\$1.
Virgin Unveils Super-Small MP3 Player; Goes After iPod mini Virgin Electronics announced Tuesday its own portable digital music player weighing less than the Apple iPod mini with an additional 1 gigabyte of storage space.
Business travel group urges  #39;failure #39; plan for US airlines A group representing business travelers was expected to ask the US Congress on Tuesday to draft plans in the event that several major airlines are forced to liquidate.
Air NZ Says Australian Regulator Grants Alliance Appeal Air New Zealand said on Tuesday the Australian Competition Tribunal had approved a proposed alliance with Australia #39;s Qantas, despite its rejection in New Zealand.
USA: Levi Strauss Posts \$46.6m Q3 Profit On Lower Costs Jeans maker Levi Strauss  amp; Co on Tuesday said lower costs helped it to a third-quarter profit of \$46.6 million. The San Francisco-based company said this compares to a net loss of \$4.
Motorola, Hong Kong-listed Proview end TV manufacturing agreement BEIJING (AFX) - US technology giant Motorola Inc and Hong Kong-listed monitor maker Proview International Holdings have ended their agreement to jointly develop television sets due to  quot;differences in product marketing strategies and goals for the North 
Update 5: PeopleSoft Extends Its Customer Program PeopleSoft Inc. said Tuesday it is extending a money-back guarantee program that it says is designed to protect customers in the event of a takeover by its rival software maker Oracle Corp.
EBay reports  #39;intermittent #39; problems with PayPal EBay has reported that it has been having trouble with its PayPal online payment arm. The company says that it has been having technical glitches following a coding update last Thursday.
IT executives optimistic about ways to connect The tech industry is finally heading towards a recovery after the post-bubble decline, but we are not quite there yet, according to executives and industry watchers at the 15th annual Etre technology conference in Cannes.
Dell recalling AC adapters for use with notebook computers (Washington-AP) Oct. 12, 2004 - Dell is recalling nearly a million AC adapters used with notebook computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock.
BEA To Unwrap New Products,  #39;Liquid Computing #39; Vision BEA Systems is readying the release of new software that will combine an enterprise service bus (ESB) and Web services management software into one product, a company executive said Friday.
Novell to Use Its Patents to Protect Open-Source Programs On Tuesday, Novell Inc. announced that it will use its patent portfolio to protect its open-source software offerings. In a policy statement, Novell said it will utilize its patent portfolio to defend against 
Siebel moves toward self-repairing software com October 11, 2004, 3:34 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Beckham: I got booked deliberately England #39;s David Beckham, after scoring against Wales. He was later booked, prompting a suspension. Photo: Getty Images. Painkillers dulled the throb of his damaged ribs but a sense of 
Short but sweet for Kewell SYDNEYSIDERS got a half portion of Harry Kewell last night when the rarely-sighted Socceroo star made a cameo appearance for his country, as they completed the formalities of qualifying for next year #39;s Confederations Cup.
Former England coach takes temporary charge of Foxes Howard Wilkinson will take temporary charge of Leicester City after manager Micky Adams #39; decision to quit, the Foxes announced Tuesday.
HSBC World Match Play field confirmed The 16 player field for the 2004 HSBC WORLD MATCH PLAY CHAMPIONSHIP to be played at Wentworth this week, October 14-17, is the most international in the 41 year history of the Championship, a fitting statistic for HSBC, the world #39;s most international bank 
Australia pull out of Champions Trophy in Pakistan LAHORE: Australia has officially pulled out of the Champions Trophy hockey tournament being played here from December 4-12 on security fears.
NFL: Tennessee Titans Crush Green Bay 48-27 The Tennessee Titans rolled to a crushing 48-27 win over Green Bay Monday, and handed the slumping Packers their fourth straight loss of the National Football League season.
Top-seed Bartoli upset LOCAL favourite Iroga Tulyaganova of Uzbekistan produced a major upset today, eliminating top-seeded Marion Bartoli of France 6-4 6-4 in the first round of the \$US140,000 (\$191,048) Tashkent Open tennis tournament.
Sachin unlikely to play second Test CHENNAI, Oct 12: Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar was unlikely to play the second Test against Australia, coach John Wright said here on Tuesday.
Bengals #39; Smith Pleads Not Guilty to DUI KETTERING, Ohio Oct. 12, 2004 - Cincinnati Bengals defensive end Justin Smith pleaded not guilty to a driving under the influence charge.
Deco and Simao fit for World Cup qualifier Portugal playmaker Deco and winger Simao Sabrosa will be fit for Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Russia after recovering from knocks suffered against Liechtenstein last Saturday.
Minardi auction in November Minardi team boss, Paul Stoddart, will be auctioning not only F1 memorabilia, but also equipment used by his UK Research and Development team.
Iraqi forces backed by Americans raid Ramadi mosques they say were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US forces stepped up operations Tuesday across a wide swath of the Sunni insurgent strongholds northwest of the capital, pounding targets 
Families of Bali Bombing Victims Mark Second Anniversary Families of the 202 victims who died in the bombings of two nightclubs in Bali have marked the second anniversary of the attacks with emotional ceremonies on the Indonesian resort island and in Australia.
Global warming clock  #39;ticks faster #39; Increases in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere have sparked concerns on how the planet is coping with greenhouse pollution. Scientists have detected record rises in carbon dioxide, the main 
Terror Suspects Killed in Militant Crackdown Three suspected militants armed with guns and hand grenades have been killed in a clash with Saudi security forces, an Interior Ministry statement said today.
State Street Profit Lower Job Cuts Coming (Reuters) Reuters - Financial services company State Street\Corp.  on Tuesday said quarterly profit fell more than\Wall Street had expected as foreign exchange and securities\lending revenue declined, and its shares fell 8.5 percent.
Nigeria General Strike May Be Extended - Union (Reuters) Reuters - A general strike in oil exporter Nigeria\may be extended beyond Thursday if the government continues to\crack down on protesters violently, union chief Adams\Oshiomhole said on Tuesday.
Sonic, Asbury Cut Estimates, Stocks Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Sonic Automotive Inc. \and Asbury Automotive Group Inc.  fell sharply on\Tuesday after both car dealership companies cut their full-year\earnings estimates, citing the recent hurricanes and a\difficult new and used vehicle market.
China: Yuan Speculation 'Groundless' (Reuters) Reuters - China poured cold water on Tuesday on\speculation it will strengthen the yuan's value soon, saying\such talk is "groundless" and that it will not resort to a\one-off revaluation of the tightly held currency.
China's rich getting richer; wealthiest is electronics retailer: list (AFP) AFP - China's 100 richest people amassed a total of 30 billion US dollars, up 29 percent from last year, with an electronics retailer topping a rich list released.
Merrill Profit Falls on Lower Trading  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Merrill Lynch    Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MER.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MER.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said third-quarter profit fell 8  percent, hurt by reduced trading in debt and equity markets  which pushed revenue below expectations.
State Street Profit Lower Job Cuts Coming  BOSTON (Reuters) - Financial services company State Street  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said quarterly profit fell more than  Wall Street had expected as foreign exchange and securities  lending revenue declined, and its shares fell 8.5 percent.
Sonic, Asbury Cut Estimates, Stocks Fall  DETROIT (Reuters) - Shares of Sonic Automotive Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SAH.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Asbury Automotive Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABG.N&lt;/A&gt; fell sharply on  Tuesday after both car dealership companies cut their full-year  earnings estimates, citing the recent hurricanes and a  difficult new and used vehicle market.
Chiron Gets Subpoena Over Vaccine Debacle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal grand jury is investigating  Chiron Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CHIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CHIR.O&lt;/A&gt; failure to deliver vaccine for the  coming flu season, the company disclosed on Tuesday.
The Swingers (U.S. News   World Report) U.S. News   World Report - The baseball metaphor seems most apt. George W. Bush and John Kerry are like two weary but evenly matched teams heading into the ninth inning of the World Series with the score all tied up. It all comes down to how these boys of summer measure up in the chill winds of autumn.
Nigeria General Strike May Be Extended - Union  ABUJA (Reuters) - A general strike in oil exporter Nigeria  may be extended beyond Thursday if the government continues to  crack down on protesters violently, union chief Adams  Oshiomhole said on Tuesday.
Samsung Elec to Invest \$24 Bln in Chips by 2010  SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., the world's  largest maker of memory chips, said on Monday it would invest  \$24 billion in its semiconductor business by 2010.
Breakaway Tamil Tiger Launches Political Party  COLOMBO (Reuters) - A breakaway Tamil Tiger commander who  split with the notorious Sri Lankan rebel group in March  launched a new political movement on Tuesday, accusing the  guerrillas' shadowy leader of turning them into terrorists.
U.S. Oil Over \$54 on Winter Fuel Worries Oil prices surged to yet new record\highs Tuesday, driving U.S. crude above \$54 as global supply\outages thwart efforts to build winter heating fuel\inventories.
Hurricanes Cut Florida Orage Production Hard hit by four hurricanes, Florida citrus growers will produce 27 percent fewer oranges this season -- the least in 11 years, the Agriculture Department said Tuesday.
Markets upbeat on Australia vote Share prices in Sydney are boosted by hopes of a fresh round of economic liberalisation, following the re-election of Australian prime minister John Howard.
Caesars plans vast London casino US casino giant Caesars plans to build a 335m gambling and leisure resort beside the new Wembley Stadium in London, its first foray into Europe.
Africans let down by governments Some 50,000 Africans in 28 countries give their verdict on how they are governed in a United Nations survey.
Somaliland warns Somalia's leader The breakaway republic of Somaliland says it will retaliate if Somalia's new president poses a threat to its border.
Net shopping guides lure surfers Shopping around shopping guides shows a new level of sophistication to buying online, a report suggests.
Scans monitor cholesterol therapy Scientists have developed a speedy way to monitor the effectiveness of cholesterol-reducing statin drugs.
Call Girls, Updated There are no official gauges of the sex industry, but if the Manhattan Yellow Pages is any guide, it is thriving.
Supreme Court to Hear Commandments Case WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court said Tuesday it will take up the constitutionality of Ten Commandments displays on government land and buildings, a surprise announcement that puts justices in the middle of a politically sensitive issue.    Justices have repeatedly refused to revisit issues raised by their 1980 decision that banned the posting of copies of the Ten Commandments in public school classrooms...
U.S. Steps Up Attacks on Iraq Insurgents BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. forces stepped up operations Tuesday across a wide swath of the Sunni insurgent strongholds northwest of the capital, pounding targets in two cities from the air and supporting Iraqi troops in raids on mosques suspected of harboring insurgents...
Bush, Kerry Talk Tough on Oil, Terror DENVER - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.    On the way to the debate that will range over domestic issues from the economy to health care, Bush is reaching out to military supporters in Colorado Springs, where the war in Iraq is the chief concern...
Reeve Championed Spinal Cord Research Christopher Reeve often said he wanted to be known for something other than playing Superman. But it was real life - not another movie role - that gave the actor the chance to star in his biggest drama: as a spinal cord injury victim championing research in hope that people like him would someday be able to walk again...
Parts of YUKOS to be sold Some of YUKOSs assets will be sold through the Russian Federal Property Fund, the Justice Ministrys Main Department in Moscow said on Tuesday.
Merrill Profit Falls on Lower Trading US investment bank Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. (MER.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced trading in 
Work more, save more  or die poor Work longer, save more, pay higher taxes or accept poverty in old age. That is the blunt message delivered by the long-awaited report of the Pensions Commission into Britains yawning pensions crisis.
UKS INSURANCE MAJOR TO OUTSOURCE 1,100 JOBS TO INDIA The shift would in all probability save the company more than 10 million pounds a year. The jobs would range from front and back office functions, including call centre posts.
Temasek Makes S\$7.4 Bln Profit, Gets Top AAA Rating (Update2) Temasek Holdings Pte earned S\$7.4 billion (\$4.4 billion) in the last fiscal year, the Singapore state-owned investment company said, revealing details of its financial performance for the first time in its 30-year history.
Sonic lowers 2004 earnings forecast Sonic Automotive Inc. has lowered its earnings estimate for 2004 because of weather-related losses and a difficult market for new and used vehicle sales.
Johnson  amp; Johnson #39;s Profit Gets Boost From Remicade (Update2) Johnson  amp; Johnson, which makes products ranging from heart stents to Band-Aids, said third- quarter profit rose 13 percent on higher sales of drugs used to treat rheumatoid arthritis and schizophrenia.
News International to axe two-thirds of print jobs News International, the UK newspaper arm of News Corp, says it will cut its 1,000 person production staff by two-thirds and move its London printing facilities from Wapping to Enfield.
A more powerful iPod? Web sites say that Apple will unveil a 60-gig iPod with color screen to display photos for holidays. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Fan sites are abuzz with messages that Apple Computer Inc.
Funner e-worm no joke p2pnet.net News:- A three-day problem with MSN Messengers had nothing to do with Funner, the newest e-bug to bite Microsoft.  quot;MSN Messenger, Microsoft #39;s instant message service, is back up and running this 
BEA #39;s Diamond helps to define web services IT professionals could soon add the role of  quot;application configurator quot; to their job descriptions according to BEA Systems.
Aussies qualify for Confederations Cup AUSTRALIA confirmed its berth in the Confederations Cup last night with a 6-0 win over the Solomon Islands at Sydney #39;s Aussie Stadium.
England captain Beckham raps critics: I #39;m not thick! England skipper David Beckham has revealed he deliberately got himself booked on Saturday in the 2-0 win over Wales. The Real Madrid midfielder knew he had cracked ribs in a challenge with Ben Thatcher.
No more Bangalores, please Did India goof their lines by staging the Test series opener at Bangalore? There are very good reasons to believe so, among them being the not so insignificant one that we ended up losers by 217 runs.
Only 17 players fit for Russia #39;s qualifier against Portugal Russia have been hit by injury and illness as the departure of left winger Andrei Karyaka on Tuesday left the squad only 17 fit players for Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier away to Portugal.
Analysis: Italy commissioner under fire The European Union has been plunged into uncharted constitutional waters following parliamentary committee #39;s rejection of Italy #39;s nominee for European commissioner, Rocco Buttiglione.
2 years after Bali, Indonesia is hopeful KUTA, Indonesia Two years ago, bombs killed 202 people on idyllic Bali island, an anniversary marked amid hopes that Indonesia can finally lay to rest one its most shocking tragedies.
Rumsfeld appeals for NATO help in Iraq US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says Iraqi security forces need equipment as well as training and anything NATO allies can do to support them will be helpful.
Great White Sharks Given New Protection Trade in great white sharks would be restricted under a proposal adopted at a UN wildlife conference today, despite criticism that there is little evidence suggesting the fearsome ocean predators are threatened by commercial trade.
Milosevic War Crimes Trial Resumes The defense of Slobodan Milosevic resumed Tuesday, even as an appeals panel of the U.N. war crimes tribunal considered the former Yugoslav president's request to fire his court-appointed lawyer and let him represent himself again.
Video: Shiite Muslim Purportedly Beheaded (AP) AP - A videotape surfaced on the Internet Tuesday showing what was said to be the confession and beheading of an Arab Shiite Muslim, presumably Iraqi, who was accused of serving the U.S. Army by "assassinating Sunni leaders."
U.S. Textile Makers Petition on China (AP) AP - The U.S. textile industry petitioned the Bush administration on Tuesday for protection from what American companies fear will be a flood of Chinese products coming into this country when worldwide quotas are removed on Jan. 1.
Oregon Rep. Admits to Inexcusable Behavior (AP) AP - A Democratic congressman in a tight re-election race admitted Tuesday that while he was a college student 28 years ago, he was disciplined by school officials for "inexcusable behavior" toward an ex-girlfriend.
Bosnian Serb calls for surrender A ex-Bosnian Serb officer charged over the Srebrenica massacre calls on fugitives to turn themselves in.
Stocks Tumble As Oil Prices Spike Rising oil prices have stocks falling in early trading. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 44 points. Losing issues on the New York Stock Exchange hold a 5-2 lead over gainers.
Germany in 3.1bn Telekom sell-off THE German government has sold a 6.3 per cent stake in phone operator Deutsche Telekom, raising up to 3.1 billion to help cut its growing budget deficit.
News International to Move Printing Out of Wapping News International is to move printing operations out of Wapping, east London as part of plans to invest more than 600 million in new plants.
Robust market drove new-house prices up again in August, says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - A robust housing market and higher prices for building materials, labour and land pushed up prices for new houses across the country in August, says Statistics Canada.
Countrywide Fincl loan volume falls NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Countrywide Financial Corp. on Tuesday reported September loan funding of \$31 billion, down 6 percent from year-ago levels and steady with August.
Drummond Returns to A Different Wentworth World When Scott Drummond arrived at Wentworth in May his total career earnings on the European Tour stood at less than 40,000. He was 435th on the world rankings and 186th on the Order of Merit.
Hometown fans to get limited glimpse of hero Yao as NBA debuts in China (AFP) AFP - Hometown fans of Chinese basketball star Yao Ming will see their hero in action for no more than 28 minutes when the NBA's first ever tip-off in China takes place this week.
Dollar Up, But Respite Seen Temporary  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Monday, back-tracking  from record lows hit against the euro on disappointing U.S.  jobs data, but traders said it was just a matter of time before  the market sells the currency again.
Yankees and Red Sox ready to rumble (Sports Network) - The anticipation has been building for a year, and finally tonight the rematch will begin, as the Boston Red Sox battle the New York Yankees in Game 1 of the American League Championship Series.
Red Sox vs. Yankees: Bitter enemies clash with Series on line (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Stick a tape in the VCR and save it for posterity. Clip the newspapers. Buy the frame for the ticket stub. Baseball history beckons. Boston Red Sox vs. New York Yankees. The American League Championship Series that opens Tuesday night in Yankee Stadium pits teams that have been bickering for 100 years.
Abdication Secures Cambodian Peace -Sihanouk King Norodom Sihanouk said on Tuesday his decision to abdicate gave Cambodia a chance to choose a successor in his lifetime and thus avoid another bloodbath.
Mubarak says no fresh leads on Sinai bombers (AFP) AFP - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said that his security services still could not confirm who carried out last week's suicide bombings at two resorts in the Sinai peninsula.
Tribesmen Press for Hostages' Release (AP) AP - Hundreds of tribesmen gathered Tuesday near the area where suspected al-Qaida-linked militants are holding two Chinese engineers and demanding safe passage to their reputed leader, a former U.S. prisoner from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, officials and residents said.
Chiron Gets Grand Jury Subpoena on Vaccine Chiron today it received a grand jury subpoena requesting certain documents and materials related to its Fluvirin influenza vaccine.
Royal  amp; Sun Alliance to move 1200 jobs to India Royal  amp; Sun Alliance (RSA) has become the latest company to move jobs to India. The insurance company has announced its plans to move 1,200 jobs to Bangalore during the next two years.
Motorola, Proview End TV Manufacturing Agreement The agreement between Proview and Motorola, signed last year, allowed Proview to develop TV sets and computer screens under the Motorola brand name.
Virgin launches mp3 player p2pnet.net News:- Virgin Electronics has joined the mp3 race with a \$250, five gig player which also handles Microsoft #39;s WMA format.
EMC makes run for SMBs with Dantz buy EMC has made yet another software acquisition, picking up Dantz Development Corp. today for help in the backup market. Dantz is the 15th software maker EMC has picked up since 2000, along with big names such as VMware and Legato.
Music Industry Spurned by Court WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court on Tuesday let stand a lower court decision holding that the recording industry can #39;t force internet service providers to turn over the names of users trading music files online, effectively stopping one of the legal 
Microsoft #39;s MSN Messenger Service Down Briefly Users of Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) MSN Messenger lost the ability to swap instant messages for a brief period, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Tuesday.
Can IBM  quot;Change the Game quot; in Storage? Big Blue, now No. 3 in this hot market, is launching a new product line that has the potential to shake up the industry. Over the past four years, IBM (IBM ) used its engineering chops to take the lead in the 
JVC Sides With Blu-ray Disc JVC has joined the Blu-ray Disc Association, the company and association say in a statement issued this week. The Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA) is the group responsible for promoting the Blu-ray Disc optical 
PayPal Slammed by Payments Glitch PayPal, the online payment service owned by auction firm eBay, has been suffering intermittent glitches since Friday. Some users have been locked out of their accounts for long periods, and 
Microsoft launches music service SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- In an attempt to unseat Apple Computer from its spot on top of the online music market, Microsoft officially launched its MSN Music service Tuesday.
IT execs optimistic about ways to connect OCTOBER 12, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The high-tech industry is finally heading towards a recovery after the postbubble decline, but we are not quite there yet, according to executives and industry watchers at the fifteenth annual Etre technology 
Good News and Bad News for Commercial Space The successful X-Prize mission of Burt Rutan #39;s SpaceShipOne last week was a major success for the commercial space industry. But although that success has led to the creation of space 
Pre-certified 802.11n vendors risk red card The Wi-Fi Alliance appears to have lost patience with vendors who it feels have been jumping the gun by launching wireless products using standards that have not been ratified by the Alliance.
You Da Groom!!! Tiger Woods and Elin Nordegren were married last week at a golf resort in Barbados. Strange ceremony. Twice, they had to stop the procession for a ruling by David Fay.
There #39;s no stopping Boston-NY buzz  quot;I #39;m not sure I can think of any scenario more enjoyable than making 55,000 people from New York shut up, quot; the Boston Red Sox ace said Monday, a day before starting the opener of the AL Championship Series against Mike Mussina.
Ailing Henin-Hardenne done for season Justine Henin-Hardenne, the 2004 Australian Open and Olympics champion, will miss the rest of the season because of a blood disorder.
Russians dominate early-round action in Moscow French and US Open runner-up Elena Dementieva overcame an inconsistent Patty Schnyder 6-2 6-3 to reach the second round of the Kremlin Cup on Tuesday.
WC Group 5 Preview: Italy-Belarus Italy must not just win- they must triumph- against Belarus on Wednesday in Parma in order to redeem their humiliating loss at Slovenia suffered last weekend.
Nationally ranked trio rules Pac-10 The Pac-10 midseason report this year will suffer from a case of premature analyzation, considering that at the end of this coming weekend, only one team will remain unblemished and alone atop the conference.
Peterson #39;s debut shakes up Big 12 The Big 12 wouldn #39;t fare well in a discussion about the best football conference in the nation, even though it might have the best team.
Tressel, Ferentz Discuss Upcoming Matchup As usual, the Big Ten coaches were out in full force at today #39;s Big Ten Teleconference. Both OSU head coach Jim Tressel and Iowa head coach Kirk Ferentz offered some thoughts on the upcoming game between OSU 
Iran offers to guarantee  #39;no bomb #39; policy Iran made Europe an offer Tuesday: Stop pressuring us on nuclear energy and we #39;ll guarantee not to make a bomb. European and US governments were discussing an alternate proposal - to buy Iran out of its nuclear ambitions.
Pakistan tests nuclear capable missile Pakistan on Tuesday conducted its fourth test this year of a nuclear-capable missile, test-firing the intermediate Ghauri missile which can hit targets deep inside rival neighbour India.
 #39;Gays are Sinful #39; Row Hots Up over Euro  #39;Justice Boss #39; The battle of wills was hotting up tonight over the political fate of an Italian European Commissioner-designate who thinks homosexuality is a sin.
Canada may sue UK over diesel sub fire ISN SECURITY WATCH (12/10/2004) - Relations between Canada and Britain were strained after an electrical fire broke out last Tuesday on board a submarine purchased by Ottawa from the British Royal Navy, killing one crewmember and seriously injuring two 
Nine Japanese dead in suspected suicide pacts Japanese police are investigating two cases of suspected group suicide, after several people were found dead in parked cars outside the capital, Tokyo.
Philippine Catholic leader Sin in stable condition after heart &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MANILA: The Philippines #39; most influential Roman Catholic leader, Cardinal Jaime Sin, is in stable condition but remains under intensive care after suffering a heart attack, his church says.
Milosevic returns to court, again seeking right to represent &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Returning to the courtroom Tuesday after a monthlong break, Slobodan Milosevic sounded a familiar refrain, asking the war crimes 
Arms payoff trial shakes South Africa South African Deputy President Jacob Zuma has been linked to a multimillion-dollar arms payoff at a trial in Johannesburg, the Times of London said Tuesday.
It #39;s all about the iPod com October 12, 2004, 11:27 AM PT. Despite increasing competition, Apple #39;s iPod still rules the digital music world, according to new reports from market researchers.
IBM supersizes storage arrays OCTOBER 11, 2004 (NETWORK WORLD) - IBM this week is expected to debut its highest-capacity storage arrays, although the products #39; real differentiator is a mix of management technologies designed to help customers get a better handle on where to store 
Verizon Wireless to add 16 more EV-DO markets by year-end Following the recent expansion of its commercial CDMA2000 1x EV-DO network to include 14 major markets and 24 airport locations nationwide last month, Verizon Wireless is set to add 16 more markets by the end of this year.
Nuggets hope Russell brings leadership Bryon Russell has been to the playoffs every year but one and has played in the NBA Finals three times. It #39;s just the kind of experience the Denver Nuggets could use.
Iran digs heels in on uranium enrichment The EU cannot force Iran to give up its right to enrich uranium, Iran #39;s foreign minister says, apparently slamming the door on European Union efforts to halt the process 
Tribesmen seek release of Chinese Tribal leaders in a remote area of Pakistan are trying to negotiate the release of two Chinese hostages. The engineers were abducted on Saturday along with two Pakistanis in South Waziristan, bordering Afghanistan.
Oil Falls on Speculation Demand Doesn #39;t Warrant Record Price Crude oil fell more than \$1 for the first time in a month after reaching a record \$54.45 a barrel in New York on speculation that demand doesn #39;t warrant prices at this level.
Carrefour Lowers Annual Profit Forecast on Price Cuts (Update3) Carrefour SA, the world #39;s second- largest retailer, said annual profit will not meet a forecast for growth of at least 10 percent because of price cuts aimed at reviving demand in France, its home market.
A Bright Money-Saving Idea WEST ORANGE, NJ-October 12, 2004 - If you #39;re looking to do some home improvements, officials want you to see how you can save money too.
Third Quarter Gannett Earns Up 11 Percent NEW YORK - Gannett Co., the largest newspaper publisher in the country, reported an 11 percent increase in third-quarter earnings Tuesday on gains in advertising, particularly classified real estate and help-wanted ads.
Iron Mountain Gets Connected Iron Mountain moved further into the backup and recovery space Tuesday with the acquisition of Connected Corp. for \$117 million. Connected backs up desktop data for more than 600 corporations, with more than 
News Corp. to Invest in Printing Plants Media conglomerate News Corp. said Tuesday that it will invest more than \$1 billion, or 600 million pounds, to build new printing plants for its British newspaper division News International Ltd.
US Airways, Creditors Reach Financing Accord ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- US Airways Group Inc. has reached an agreement with its lenders and the US government to extend financing necessary for the bankrupt airline to operate through mid-January, court documents showed Tuesday.
MSN Messenger targeted by Funner.A virus Funner.A has no destructive properties, although it will make a nuisance of itself by sending a copy of itself as funny.exe to all contacts found in the application.
IBM Unveils New Sleek, Midrange Storage Looking to grab some momentum and market share from rivals EMC and Hewlett-Packard, IBM took the wraps off a new, midrange storage offering that--in a 3U form factor quot;-could scale up to 67 terabytes.
EBay Scrambles for Answers to PayPal Outage PayPal said functions of the service that enable buyer and seller to exchange shipping information and to process payments immediately upon closing a sale were also affected by the outage.
Microsoft launches MSN Music online store Microsoft #39;s online music store, known as MSN Music store, is being hailed as the most capable competitor to the iTunes Music Store of California #39;s Apple.
McBride #39;s back and he still wants blood If you don #39;t protect your intellectual property now, you risk having your business sacked by open source-touting bandits. Yes, SCO head Darl McBride is back and he #39;s still angry.
Team New Zealand blow rivals away The Race Committee and all the competing teams remained on water in the Gulf of Valencia for most of the afternoon in the hope of some action, but their patient waiting was in vain and racing was cancelled for the day mid-afternoon.
Bernie submits draft calendar tomorrow Formula One awaits news on Bernie Ecclestone #39;s draft calendar for 2005, which will be submitted to the FIA on Wednesday, 13 October.
Red Sox Favored Over Yankees in Las Vegas, by Futures Traders The Boston Red Sox, who haven #39;t won baseball #39;s World Series since 1918, are favored to beat the New York Yankees in the American League Championship Series by Las Vegas oddsmakers and futures traders.
Seeded Russians all win at Kremlin Cup MOSCOW (Ticker) - Tuesday was a successful day for seeded Russians at the \$2.3 million Kremlin Cup tennis tournament. All five Russian seeded players - three women and two men - were victorious Tuesday in the first round of the dual-sex indoor event.
Astros Take 3-0 Lead Over Braves in Game 5 Carlos Beltran belted a solo home run to right field, his second of the series off Atlanta starter Jaret Wright, to put the Houston Astros ahead of the Braves 3-0 in the middle of the third inning in the decisive Game 5 of their NL Division 
Iowa State ready to face foes from North Division After getting knocked around by a pair of South Division teams in its first two Big 12 football games, Iowa State welcomes a little Northern exposure this week.
US troops on offensive in Iraq US troops went on the offensive overnight against insurgent strongholds west of Baghdad, pounding militant positions from the air and supporting Iraqi soldiers in raids on mosques suspected of harbouring extremists.
Israel #39;s deadly Gaza offensive enters third week JABALIYA, Gaza Strip, Oct 12 (AFP) - Israel #39;s massive military onslaught in the northern Gaza Strip entered its third week Tuesday with the death toll topping 110 and scenes of utter devastation in the territory #39;s largest refugee camp.
Iran Says Won't Be Made to End Uranium Enrichment (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union cannot force Iran to\give up its right to enrich uranium, Iran's foreign minister\said, dealing a blow to EU efforts to halt the process and ease\fears Tehran is seeking a nuclear bomb.
DreamWorks Animation IPO Priced  #36;23- #36;25 (Reuters) Reuters - DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. on\Tuesday set its planned initial public offering at 29 million\shares that could raise up to  #36;725 million, announcing the\terms after its new film "Shark Tale" snagged the No. 1 U.S.\box office spot for the second straight weekend.
Turkish militant deported from Germany after legal battle (AFP) AFP - German authorities extradited a leading Islamic extremist known as the Caliph of Cologne to Turkey, ending a protracted legal battle over his case.
Florida orange production expected to plunge (AFP) AFP - Florida's orange production is expected to plunge 27 percent from a year ago in the wake of four hurricanes that lashed the state in August and September, the US Agriculture Department said.
Bomb Explodes Near Palestinian Security HQ (AP) AP - A car bomb exploded near Palestinian security headquarters in Gaza City after nightfall Tuesday as security chief Moussa Arafat's convoy was leaving, but he was not hurt, witnesses and security officials said.
Dell Axim X50 and X50v Review Like previous Dell Axims, the new Axim X50 comes in several different types. The most cutting-edge of these is designated the X50v, for its VGA screen.
The Curse of the Rivalry I dont know any Boston Red Sox diehards who werent rooting almost as fervently for the Minnesota Twins against the New York Yankees as they were for their own team against the Anaheim Angels.
Nuggets hoping Russell can provide leadership Bryon Russell has been to the playoffs every year but one and has played in the NBA Finals three times. It #39;s just the kind of experience the Denver Nuggets could use.
Carrefour sees 2004 results short of target as third quarter disappoints (AFP) AFP - French retail giant Carrefour warned that 2004 results would not meet its targets, as it reported weaker-than-expected sales for the third quarter.
Chirac Commits France to Iraq Conference (AP) AP - French President Jacques Chirac said Tuesday his country is "entirely committed" to taking part in an international conference on Iraq next month.
Oil Vaults Over \$54 on Winter Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to record highs above  \$54 on Tuesday as supply hitches hindered efforts to build  winter heating fuel inventories.
State Street Profit Drops, Job Cuts Coming  BOSTON (Reuters) - State Street Corp., the world's biggest  institutional asset manager, on Tuesday said third-quarter  profit fell 12 percent amid lower revenue and higher expenses,  sending its shares tumbling.
Business Council: We Got Survey Wrong  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chief executives in the U.S. are not  as pessimistic as the Business Council thought last week when  it issued its economic survey, the group said on Tuesday,  citing a "tabulation error."
Feds Subpoena Chiron Over Vaccine Debacle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chiron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CHIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CHIR.O&lt;/A&gt; is being  investigated by a federal grand jury after failing to deliver  its flu vaccine this year because regulators did not consider  it safe.
Levi Strauss Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Levi Strauss   Co. swung to a  quarterly profit on Tuesday, citing cost cuts and a weaker  dollar as the struggling jeans maker closed out poor-performing  products to focus on its Levi, Dockers and lower-priced  Signature brands.
Congress Wraps Up With Mixed Results (AP) AP - As Democrats and Republicans disagreed on the accomplishments of the 108th Congress, one thing is certain: Hundreds of programs  #151; from highway building to welfare reform  #151; are being kept on life support through temporary measures because lawmakers failed to meet deadline after deadline for renewing them.
Canadian Bonds Gain; Rising Oil Prices May Curb Economic Growth Canadian bonds gained on concern that the North American economy may slow as higher prices of oil translate into greater transportation and production costs.
US Airways gets lifeline from lenders Cash-strapped US Airways of Virginia got a short-term fix from its lenders that could keep it airborne until January, the Wall Street Journal said Tuesday.
Vulcan falls on asset sale charge news NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Shares of Vulcan Materials Co lost more than 4 percent of their worth Tuesday, after the company announced it will take a non-cash charge of about 70 cents per share related to an asset sale.
Stocks Slip, Investors Wary Before Intel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Tuesday as  investors showed caution ahead of tech bellwether Intel Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; earnings, while disappointing results from State  Street Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STT.N&lt;/A&gt; cast a cloud over the banking sector.
Dell announces its new line of Pocket PC and upgrade for Axim X30 Dell has announced three new Axim Windows Mobile Pocket PC, dubbed the Dell Axim X50 series. The Axim X50v features a 3.7-inch VGA screen, with a 624MHz CPU, 64MB SD RAM, 128MB flash ROM, wireless LAN and Bluetooth.
Spyware lawsuit in the US The US Federal Trade Commission last week sued an outfit that it says is using spyware to bombard computer users with pop-up ads in order to promote anti-spyware products called Spy Wiper or Spy Deleter.
Saskatchewan town prepares for launch of Canadian rocket KINDERSLEY, SASK. - People in Kindersley, Sask., hope to get a clearer idea this week about the status of the da Vinci project, which aims to send the first Canadian rocket into space.
US Airways, Creditors Reach Financing Accord US Airways Group Inc. has reached an agreement with its lenders and the U.S. government to extend financing necessary for the bankrupt airline to operate through mid-January, court documents showed Tuesday.
Report: Britain Wins U.S. Support for Mideast Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Britain has won U.S. agreement to hold\an international peace conference on the Middle East in London\early next year, the Daily Telegraph reported on Monday.
U.S. Envoy Smoothes Way for Karzai Win in Afghan Poll  KABUL (Reuters) - The flashing smile, the patrician wave of  the hand for the cameras as he stepped into his bullet-proof  car belonged to a man who had just won Afghanistan's  presidential election.
Iliescu Admits Romania's Role in the Holocaust  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - President Ion Iliescu on Tuesday  admitted Romania's complicity in the Holocaust, ending decades  of denial that hundreds of thousands of Jews were killed in the  country when it was an ally of Nazi Germany.
Oil Prices Pass \$54 on Supply Concerns Oil futures prices surpassed \$54 a barrel Tuesday on supply concerns in Nigeria and the Gulf of Mexico, where hurricane damage to pipelines and production platforms could curb output for months.
EMC adds Dantz to its acquisition collection EMC Corp., the Hopkinton-based information storage and management giant, has acquired Dantz Development Corp. of California for just under \$50 million.
Fan sites buzz with talk of photo-ready iPod SAN FRANCISCO - Is Apple Computer Inc. fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more storage and a color screen to display photos?
Karstadt calls for staff pay cuts Struggling German department store owner KarstadtQuelle says it must cut staff wages by up to 10 in an effort to avoid job cuts.
Gannett Profit Up on TV, Paper Ad Growth Gannett Co. Inc. (GCI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported an 11 percent jump in quarterly net profit on advertising sales gains at its newspapers and local 
D #39;Works Ani paints IPO plan that could draw up to \$725 mil DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. on Tuesday set its planned initial public offering at 29 million shares that could raise up to \$725 million, announcing the terms after its new film  quot;Shark Tale quot; snagged the No.
High court will not hear AT amp;T appeal Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
Rumsfeld eyes future US bases in Romania ISN SECURITY WATCH (12/10/04) - US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld began a two-day visit to Romania on Tuesday, ahead of an informal NATO meeting at the central Romania mountain resort town of Poiana Brasov.
9 Bodies Found in Group Suicides in Japan A partially covered van, in which seven young men and women were found dead, is seen at a police station in Chichibu, north of Tokyo, Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004.
Chinese concern at obesity surge The rate of obesity in China has increased by 97 in 10 years, according to a government report.
Israelis wound schoolgirl in Gaza Israeli troops shoot a Palestinian schoolgirl in Gaza as controversy rages over another girl's death last week.
Fannie Mae Discloses Document Request The mortgage giant said today that prosecutors had asked the company to preserve documents as part of an investigation into Fannie Mae's accounting practices.
Stanley Furniture Gets Comfortable The wood furniture maker uses a niche strategy to work around industry problems.
A License to Print Money Will Coinstar's diversification efforts damage its uniquely profitable business model?
The City That Cut the Cord Sleepy Spokane, Wash., has a secret: it's the wireless hot spot of the future
Supreme Court to Hear Cases on Displaying Ten Commandments The court agreed to hear cases from Texas and Kentucky on displaying the Ten Commandments on government land and buildings.
Commuter Fix For infoworkers on the move, the wireless Internet is popping up on planes, trains and automobiles
With a New Spirit, the Red Sox Tackle Their Haunted Past Eighty-six years after the Boston Red Sox last won the World Series, the franchise is again facing its rivals and its ghosts.
Stocks Slide on Oil Prices, Earnings NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks lower Tuesday as oil prices crossed another milestone, \$54 per barrel. Earnings reports from heavyweights Johnson   Johnson and Merrill Lynch   Co...
Athens Olympics Draw Record TV Audiences LONDON - The Athens Olympics broke global TV viewing records, with nearly 4 billion people tuning in, IOC president Jacques Rogge said Tuesday.    Rogge said 3.9 billion people watched an Olympic broadcast at least once during the Aug...
Red Sox, Yankees Ready for ALCS Battle NEW YORK - The Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees open the American League Championship Series Tuesday night, a rematch of New York's seven-game victory last year. Curt Schilling (21-6) will start for Boston against Mike Mussina (12-9)...
Bush: Kerry's Plans Would Require Tax Hike COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush told supporters Tuesday in the conservative heart of Colorado that John Kerry cannot pay for the domestic programs he is proposing unless taxes are raised on the middle class...
CDC Flu Plan Protects High-Risk Patients WASHINGTON - Many of the nation's scarce remaining flu shots will be shipped directly to pediatricians, nursing homes and other places that care for high-risk patients, under a plan negotiated between the government and maker Aventis Pasteur.    The targeted shipments come as health officials struggle to ensure the people who most need flu shots get them, now that the nation's supply of influenza vaccine has been slashed in half...
Rivera Says He Plans to Return for Game 1 NEW YORK - Physically and emotionally drained after the deaths of two of his wife's relatives, Mariano Rivera planned to be ready to pitch in the American League championship series opener.   "I am going back to New York tomorrow, after the funeral, and rejoin the team," the New York Yankees' closer said Monday outside his home in Panama...
Does the U.S. Need the Draft? Both Bush and Kerry say no. But with America tied down in Iraq, military officials say they may need more troops to win the war -- and the next one
New Lava Dome Growing on Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Volcanic rock has flowed to the surface of Mount St. Helens' crater, creating a new lava dome after weeks of seismic activity, a geologist said Tuesday.
Gulf's 'Dead Zone' Less of a Mystery (AP) AP - The oxygen-depleted "dead zone" in the Gulf of Mexico, long a subject of scrutiny by scientists, is only now becoming less of a mystery.
Study: Arctic Radiation Levels Declining (AP) AP - Atomic radiation levels are beginning to decline in the Arctic, years after Soviet aboveground nuclear weapons tests and the Chernobyl nuclear accident spewed their fallout over the region, according to a study released Tuesday.
A question of trust for Mr Paisley Two years ago the very idea that the Rev Ian Paisley of the Democratic Unionist party and Gerry Adams of Sinn Fin could sign up to a peace deal in Northern Ireland would have seemed sheer fantasy.
One of World's Largest Rubies on Display (AP) AP - Tiny fireworks seem to go off inside the deep red stone as it turns, flashes of light reflecting off the facets of one of the world's largest rubies.
Greenhouse Gas Jump Spurs Global Warming Fears (Reuters) Reuters - An unexplained jump in greenhouse gases\since 2002 might herald a catastrophic acceleration of global\warming if it becomes a trend, scientists said on Monday.
Oxfam says 45 million children at risk if aid not provided The humanitarian agency, Oxfam, predicts that 45 million children will die in the next decade because rich countries have failed to meet their aid promises.
Master PHP and MySQL web development &lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; 30 off best-selling title
TechnoDepot restocks for winter offensive &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Lots of lovely, warm, black shirts
Google launches Froogle in the UK US internet giant Google launches its shopping price comparison website Froogle in the UK.
Fable falls short of legend Role-playing-game Fable fails to live up to hype that it would re-define the video game genre.
Microsoft Launches New Media Center PC  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  unveiled a new version of its Windows XP Media Center, adding  features such as instant messaging and high-definition  television to a personal computer designed for the living room.
Amazon.com in No Rush to Find Next Acquisition  TOKYO (Reuters) - Having just shelled out \$75 million for  China's biggest Web retailer, online shopping giant Amazon.com  Inc. is in no hurry to acquire another company to accelerate  its global expansion.
Wi-Fi Successor Called High-Speed Hype, for Now  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - At virtually every turn, Intel  Corp. executives are heaping praise on an emerging long-range  wireless technology known as WiMAX, which can blanket entire  cities with high-speed Internet access.
Supreme Court Refuses to Hear Piracy Case The Supreme Court on Tuesday sidestepped a dispute over whether Internet providers can be forced to identify subscribers illegally swapping music and movies online. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Opening the Living Room Windows Microsoft is going to Tinseltown today to announce plans for its revamped Windows XP Media Center, part of an aggressive push to get ahead in the digital entertainment race. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
South Asia Balks at Kerry's Outsourcing Stance In their third and final debate this week, President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry will turn to what Americans quaintly call "domestic" issues. Yet foreign interest couldn't be keener, especially in South Asia.
France May Allow Jamming of Mobile Phones Watch a movie or make a mobile phone call. Soon, in France, you might not be able to do both at once.
China Offers Rewards for Reporting Online Porn China's police ministry on Sunday handed out rewards of up to \$240 to people who reported pornographic Web sites in a campaign to stamp out online smut, the government said.
Swazi rhino hunts to be permitted Wildlife trade talks in Bangkok give Swaziland the green light to export some of its white rhinos and bring in trophy hunters to shoot them.
Space Tourism Seeking Public Investors By JOHN ANTCZAK     LONG BEACH, Calif. (AP) -- It was billionaire Paul Allen's \$20 million that allowed Burt Rutan to build SpaceShipOne, the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space...
Carlo Allegri/Getty Images 1. Novelists Stephen King and Stewart O #39;Nan are collaborating on a book about this year #39;s Red Sox. The working title is The Girl Who Now Hates Tom Gordon.
Reds decide not to re-sign Larkin Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Reds have scheduled a press conference for 4 pm (et) today, at which time the club is expected to announce that shortstop Barry Larkin will not be re-signed.
Update 16: Oil Prices Pass \$54 on Supply Concerns Oil prices surpassed \$54 a barrel Tuesday due to nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption.
AP Newsbreak: Larkin won #39;t be coming back to Reds CINCINNATI -- Barry Larkin will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, he told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
Larkin Won #39;t Be Coming Back to Reds Barry Larkin will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, he told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
EU resumes arms sales to Libya ISN SECURITY WATCH (12/10/04) - The EU decided on Monday to lift a decade-old sanctions regime against Libya, acting mainly on pressure from Italy, which is keen to resume arms sales to the North African country.
Scientists Work on Global Virus Attack Strategy By JEEJA PUROHIT    PUNE, India (AP) -- More than 300 scientists from around the world shared information on tracking and curbing the cross-border spread of viruses as they met in India for a three-day seminar ending Wednesday.    "Emerging infections have taken center stage, not only in public health management, but are intricately linked with the economic welfare of nations," said A.C...
Simple Kidney Test Predicts Heart Death By Ed Edelson    New study strengthens connection between two organ ailments    HealthDayNews -- A new blood test could provide the quick, easy marker of kidney function that cardiologists need to assess patients being treated for heart attacks or other serious coronary events, Swedish researchers report.    The test measures blood levels of cystatin C, a molecule that is produced by most cells and is filtered out of the blood by the kidneys...
Scientist Works on Fat Fighting Food Additive LINCOLN, Neb. -- University of Nebraska-Lincoln nutrition scientist Tim Carr is working on a food additive that would combat cholesterol by combining of two unexpected sources - soybeans and beef tallow...
Christopher Reeve Put Super Effort Toward Research Christopher Reeve often said he wanted to be known for something other than playing Superman. But it was real life - not another movie role - that gave the actor the chance to star in his biggest drama: as a spinal cord injury victim championing research in hope that people like him would someday be able to walk again.
British Flu Vaccine Problem to Be Used As Example By DIEDTRA HENDERSON     WASHINGTON (AP) -- As the nation prepared for a severe shortage of flu shots, the Food and Drug Administration said Monday that problems at the British plant that manufactured vaccine withheld by British authorities likely will be used as a "test case" to lobby for better information-sharing with European regulators.    Last Tuesday, British authorities blocked Chiron Corp...
U.S. Schools Urged to Teach Heart Education By JAMIE STENGLE    DALLAS (AP) -- Schools should be more aggressive in teaching children about heart disease and the risks of bad diet and little exercise, the American Heart Association said Monday.    The call for bolder action in schools follows the Institute of Medicine's recommendations last month calling for a wide-ranging attack on childhood obesity by involving parents, schools, communities and the government...
France and China form Linux alliance Plans call for a Linux-based platform that will be usable in multiple environments, including on PCs, servers and PDAs.
Briefly: PeopleSoft extends customer assurance roundup Plus: Siebel moves toward self-repairing software...Monster says it could enter Japan by mid-2005...Novell to release Open Enterprise Server.
PeopleSoft extends customer assurance Company announces an extension of its customer assurance program, a contract clause offered to firms concerned about Oracle's hostile takeover bid.
IBM buys into project management Big Blue plans to beef up its Rational suite of development tools with technology it will gain through its acquisition of Systemcorp.
IBM sweetens the pot for partners Big Blue aims to rapidly expand its application partner network with a more structured program for recruiting allies.
MSN, PayPal battle Net woes The Net's a lonelier place for users of PayPal and MSN Instant Messenger. Blame a software glitch and a suspected virus.
Two US Soldiers Killed in Mosul Attack WASHINGTON, Dec. 5, 2004 - Two American soldiers were killed and four were wounded in an attack in Mosul, Iraq, Dec. 4, US officials in Iraq said.
SanDisk plays up digital audio devices SanDisk releases first digital audio players as it looks to expand the market for flash memory.
It's all about the iPod New surveys credit Apple with overwhelming market share and brand recognition, but competitors may find success at low end of market.
Staying Alive Chicago - The Bears believe they need to win out in order to have a chance at playing in the postseason. Although five straight wins dont guarantee the Bears anything, if Chad Hutchinson plays the way he 
Windows of opportunity in Microsoft's media push Software giant aims to become a household fixture with its entertainment-oriented Media Center 2005.
Photo gallery: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Media Centers on parade Brand-name PC makers debut a host of new PCs that feature Microsoft's Media Center 2005 software.
Microsoft opens Windows to the home Bill Gates unveils plans to make Media Center software the centerpiece of the digital home.
Sony, Virgin fire up gadget plans DVD burner from Sony does just fine without a PC. Also: Virgin goes head-to-head with the iPod Mini.
Virgin takes on iPod Company's new player offers 25 percent bigger hard drive and weighs less than the iPod Mini--for the same price.
Sony DVD burner skirts PCs Device can be connected to a camcorder or VCR for transferring taped footage directly to a DVD, without using a computer.
U.S. Seeks to Stop a Spyware Operation (AP) AP - In what regulators are calling a first, the government has asked for a court order to shut down a spyware operation.
High Court Won't Hear Music Sharing Case (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Tuesday sidestepped a dispute over whether Internet providers can be forced to identify subscribers illegally swapping music and movies online.
IBM Counters Hitachi With High-End Server (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. countered Hitachi Ltd.'s September announcement by unveiling its own high-end storage server it claims puts it in the lead in that market.
Opening the Living Room Windows (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft is going to Tinseltown today to announce plans for its revamped Windows XP Media Center, part of an aggressive push to get ahead in the digital entertainment race.
Fewer People Paying for Music Downloads - NPD (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc's \iTunes remains the leader in paid digital music downloads, but\the number of paying customers for this sector  overall has\decreased since April, research firm NPD said Tuesday.
QuarkXPress 6.5 offers PSD Import, more (MacCentral) MacCentral - Quark Inc. on Tuesday introduced QuarkXPress 6.5, a new version of their flagship desktop publishing software. New features have been added including the QuarkVista image editing plug-in, native multi-layer Photoshop file import and layer editing and an upgrade to the QuarkXClusive XTensions module used for variable data publishing that's available only to Mac OS X users.
Wi-Fi Successor Called High-Speed Hype, for Now (Reuters) Reuters - At virtually every turn, Intel\Corp. executives are heaping praise on an emerging long-range\wireless technology known as WiMAX, which can blanket entire\cities with high-speed Internet access.
Oracle unveils planning and budgeting application This week Oracle added a planning and budgeting solution, Oracle Enterprise Planning and Budgeting (EPB), to it enterprise application offerings. The application will over time replace the current Financial Analyzer and Sales Analyzer.
Microsoft Launches New Media Center PC (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on Tuesday\unveiled a new version of its Windows XP Media Center, adding\features such as instant messaging and high-definition\television to a personal computer designed for the living room.
'Funner' worm slithers through MSN Messenger Security researchers warned Monday of a new worm, dubbed "Funner," targeting Microsoft Corp.'s MSN Messenger IM (instant messaging) system.
New iPod ads feature U2 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple has stepped up its marketing campaign for the dimunitive iPod MP3 player by featuring lendendary rockers U2 in the latest "silhouette" ad. Apple's popular silhouette ads usually feature music from up-and-coming bands like Jet playing as a someone dances on a multi-colored background.
Brazilian striker dies on field during Indian club soccer match Brazilian striker Cristiano de Lima Jr. died on Sunday after collapsing on the field during a domestic club tournament in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
IBM buys Canadian project portfolio management vendor IBM Corp. has agreed to buy Montreal software developer Systemcorp ALG for an undisclosed sum, the companies said Tuesday.
Experts wonder: Is telecom dead? CANNES, FRANCE-- There was one question on the minds of technology leaders attending the Etre conference in Cannes on Tuesday: 'Is telecom dead?'
IBM beefs up ISV programs Hoping to both bolster resources available to its network of business partners as well as expand its number of partners, IBM on Tuesday introduced services and support programs that boost financial support for co-marketing campaigns and grant deeper access to IBMs sales network to close deals faster.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
SonicWall releases stand-alone content filtering device SonicWall Inc. is introducing a stand-alone content filtering appliance for businesses with between 50 and 1,000 users.
SCO's McBride warns of open source 'wild west' CANNES, FRANCE-- Protect your intellectual property (IP) now or risk having your business sacked by open souce-touting bandits, The SCO Group Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer Darl McBride warned an audience of tech industry leaders, analysts, and investors at the Etre conference here on Tuesday.
Optware finds funding for holographic storage Optware Corp. has received funding that will enable it to complete development of its holographic storage technology, and is on course to release commercial samples of read/write drives in the final three months of 2005, the company said Tuesday.
Hitachi, IBM to lay off 400 at hard disk drive venture Hitachi Global Storage Technologies Inc. (HGST), the business created by the merger of the hard-disk drive manufacturing units of Hitachi Ltd. and IBM Corp., is to lay off about 400 workers, it said Monday.
Microsoft Updates Media Center OS Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 supports DVD burning, HDTV, and more mobile devices.
JVC Sides With Blu-ray Disc Company is the latest to choose sides in the next-generation DVD format battle.
Internet 911 Calls Receive Lower Priority ST. PAUL (AP) - Emergency calls made using new Internet telephone services ring in through a nonemergency line and often aren't answered immediately, according to an official who runs Ramsey County's largest 911 emergency call center...
Supreme Court Won't Hear Music Sharing Case By GINA HOLLAND    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Supreme Court on Tuesday sidestepped a dispute over whether Internet providers can be forced to identify subscribers illegally swapping music and movies online.    The subject, however, may be back at the court soon...
Virgin Group to Unveil Portable Music Player By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- The consumer electronics arm of the Virgin Group is introducing a new 5-gigabyte hard-disk portable music player, bringing a powerful brand name in music to the increasingly crowded product space...
U.S. Funds Chat-Room Surveillance Study Amid the torrent of jabber in Internet chat rooms - flirting by QTpie and BoogieBoy, arguments about politics and horror flicks - are terrorists plotting their next move? The government certainly isn't discounting the possibility.
Glitch Disrupts EBay's PayPal SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Repairs were underway Monday at PayPal as the widely used online payment service struggled to get customers back on track after several days of "intermittent" outages...
France May Allow Jamming of Mobile Phones PARIS (AP) -- Watch a movie or make a mobile phone call. Soon, in France, you might not be able to do both at once...
Connecting with Customers through Search Market Research Want to learn to improve your customers' experience, pinpoint buyers' exact interests and reach prospects at every phase of the buying cycle? Look to your search logs to mine this crucial market research data.
Froogle Goes Google in the UK Froogle Goes Google in the UK\\Google today began their shopping search British re-invasion with Froogle U.K, a beta version of their product search service that enables users search for products to buy via Google search technology. Froogle U.K. applies the power of Google's search technology to locate product information and ...
Viewpoint Search Tool and Avon Team to Battle Breast Cancer Viewpoint Search Tool and Avon Team to Battle Breast Cancer\\Graphical search engine toolbar Viewpoint is working with the Avon Foundation to create and distribute a custom search toolbar that promotes the Avon Foundation Breast Cancer Crusade. The program will give the Foundation access to a new source of funding as ...
Google SMS - Great for Google and Users Too Google SMS - Great for Google and Users Too\\I have tested Google search on WAP and it works fine. But considering Google has around 4.2 Billion pages (as per their homepage), finding information on a mobile phone is not fun. Especially when you are looking for something very discreet like ...
Pay-Per-Click Search Advertising Comes First Pay-Per-Click Search Advertising Comes First\\There are a variety of advertising options available to online business owners small and large. There's traditional banner advertising, text ads of both static and contextual varieties, popups and popunders, layer ads and pay-per-click search engine advertising.\\For just about any business looking to advertise online, pay-per-click ...
News: Webroot: Spyware is Windows-only Spyware, those annoying programs that snoop on a user's actions, remain a Windows-only phenomenon.\
News: Botched maintenance - not worm - blamed for MS IM glitch MSN Messenger, Microsoft's instant message service, is back up and running this morning after a routine maintenance operation went wrong, rendering the service sporadically unavailable for three days.\
Virgin to Unveil Portable Music Player Virgin Electronics hopes its slim Virgin Player, which debuts today and is smaller than a deck of cards, will rise as a lead competitor to Apple's iPod.
We #39;re all witnesses to something special At this point, we #39;re not just watching football anymore. We #39;re watching history. Every week, the Indianapolis Colts #39; offense uses the football field as its canvas, and every week, it creates an art form that 
IBM buys Montreal firm #39;s project management expertise IBM Corp. Tuesday announced plans to acquire software vendor Systemcorp ALG for an undisclosed amount. Systemcorp of Montreal makes project portfolio management software aimed at helping companies better manage their IT projects.
US industry wants H1B visa cap revisited Mr Kapil Sibal, Minister for Science and Technology; Mr Kenneth I. Juster, Under Secretary of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, US Department of Commerce; and Mr Harris Miller, President, Information Technology Association of America; at The India 
Larkin Won't Be Coming Back to Reds (AP) AP - Barry Larkin will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, he told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
Stomp file sharers: MPAA, RIAA p2pnet.net News:- p2pnet.net News:- The entertainment industry - Hollywood, for short - is calling for the US Supreme Court to overturn the Grokster / Morpheus ruling that says p2p networks aren #39;t liable for alleged copyright violations committed by users 
IBM Announces High-Capacity Storage Arrays The new IBM DS6000 and DS8000 data storage systems include aa massively scalable storage system and a compatible ultra-dense storage system.
Photo iPod in Time for Christmas, Sources Say The latest version of Apple #39;s iconic MP3 player will allow photo viewing and be released in 30 to 60 days with a price tag of \$499.
Batting the prime focus CHENNAI, OCTOBER 12: Optimism is what drives Indian cricket, whether or not its rooted to ground realities. So Laxmipathy Balaji, who sits out his home Test in Chennai against the Australians with an injury 
St. Louis gets back to NLCS Albert Pujols hit a tiebreaking three-run home run Sunday night as the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-2 to reach the National League Championship Series for the second time in three years.
=== Reds decide not to re-sign Larkin === Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Reds have scheduled a press conference for 4 pm (et) today, at which time the club is expected to announce that shortstop Barry Larkin will not be re-signed.
Athens Olympics Draw Record TV Audiences (AP) AP - The Athens Olympics broke global TV viewing records, with nearly 4 billion people tuning in, IOC president Jacques Rogge said Tuesday.
Duce Staley Makes Big Impact on Steelers (AP) AP - For the first time in years, Duce Staley didn't mind being pulled from a game. As Steelers fans chanted, "Duce, Duce, Duce" during his third consecutive 100-yard game Sunday, Staley sat down late in the third quarter of Pittsburgh's 34-23 victory over Cleveland and never returned.
Pirates Release Pitcher Nelson Figueroa (AP) AP - The Pirates unconditionally released right-handed pitcher Nelson Figueroa on Tuesday.
Manchester United Fans Oppose Takeover (AP) AP - Manchester United's largest fan group is launching a registration drive to stop U.S. businessman Malcolm Glazer from buying the Premier League club.
Barry Bonds Undergoes Knee Surgery  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds, 40, underwent knee surgery Tuesday and is expected  to recover fully by spring training next year.
Larkin Won't Be Coming Back to Reds Barry Larkin will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, he told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
Business Council: Economic Survey Wrong (Reuters) Reuters - Chief executives in the United States\are not as pessimistic as the Business Council thought last\week when it issued its economic survey, the group said on\Tuesday, citing a "tabulation error."
Reuters Power Outage Disrupts Data Feeds (Reuters) Reuters - Global news and information provider\Reuters Group Plc  said on Tuesday it had experienced a\power outage in London that disrupted service to an unspecified\number of products and customers worldwide.
Skull in Poet Petrarch's Tomb Not His (AP) AP - A scientific team that had been hoping to reconstruct the features of the great Italian poet Petrarch by digging up his bones has confirmed that the skull found in his tomb is not his.
Report: Britain Wins U.S. Support for Mideast Talks  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has won U.S. agreement to hold  an international peace conference on the Middle East in London  early next year, the Daily Telegraph reported on Monday.
Business Council: Economic Survey Wrong  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chief executives in the United States  are not as pessimistic as the Business Council thought last  week when it issued its economic survey, the group said on  Tuesday, citing a "tabulation error."
Blue-Chip Stocks Recover, Oil Retreats  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks changed course  and rose late Tuesday afternoon as a drop in oil prices helped  steady the market, although investors remained cautious before  tech bellwether Intel Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; earnings.
High Court Considers Immigration Cases (AP) AP - The Supreme Court considered Tuesday whether the government can send immigrants back to countries that haven't agreed to accept them, a question that will determine the fate of thousands of Somalis resisting deportation to their war-torn homeland.
Afghan Poll Crisis Subsides as Karzai Rivals Back Off (Reuters) Reuters - The crisis surrounding Afghanistan's\historic presidential election appeared to end on Monday as\President Hamid Karzai's chief rival said he and other\candidates were withdrawing their rejection of the weekend\poll.
Explosion near Gaza City convoy A car bomb explodes near the convoy of a Palestinian security chief, Moussa Arafat, reports from Gaza City say.
Key Indian state to go to polls Voters are due to cast their ballots on Wednesday in key elections in the western Indian state of Maharashtra.
Dell and Philips Ink \$700 Million Deal Dell has won a \$700 million hardware and services contract with Philips Electronics. The deal will include the sale of Dell OptiPlex desktop computers, Precision workstations and Latitude 
Investing in the Next Hot Technology Stratasys, a maker of hot models, has more than good looks going for it.
The Phantom Stock Split "Boost" If St. Jude Medical's stock went up, it's not because it's worth any more.
Gannett Reads Well Three months ago, Gannett (NYSE: GCI) posted second-quarter numbers that helped confirm the belief that a long-awaited rebound in advertising spending was well underway.
US stress on cyber crime The US today urged India to adhere to the principles of the Council of Europes convention on cyber crime for strengthening national laws in the areas of cyber-security.
Levi Strauss Posts Profit Levi Strauss  amp; Co. swung to a quarterly profit on Tuesday, citing cost cuts and a weaker dollar as the struggling jeans maker closed out poor-performing products to 
Sun and Times owners to move to new north London base News Corporation, the company which owns the Sun and The Times newspapers, has today announced that it is to move away from its Wapping headquarters to a new production plant in Enfield, north of London.
GM plans to slash up to 12,000 jobs in Europe General Motors (GM) plans to announce a massive restructuring Thursday that will eliminate as many as 12,000 jobs in Europe in a move to stem the five-year flow of red ink from its auto operations in the region.
Verizon, Comcast execs slam regulation OCTOBER 12, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Cable met telecommunications yesterday at the Telecom  #39;04 trade show in Las Vegas as the top executives of Verizon Communications Inc.
Eriksson plans action over Beckham BAKU, Azerbaijan -- England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson promised Tuesday he will  quot;take care quot; of the controversy surrounding David Beckham #39;s yellow card against Wales later this week.
British Grand Prix thrown lifeline LONDON, England -- The British Grand Prix at Silverstone is to be included on Formula One #39;s draft 2005 calendar when it is published on Wednesday, according to sources close to the negotiations.
Astros-Cardinals com. The National League Championship Series between the Astros and Cardinals may not have the enmity of its American League counterpart.
Blast Near Convoy of Palestinian Security Chief A car bomb exploded near the convoy of a Palestinian security chief in the Gaza Strip as it left a security headquarters on Tuesday, witnesses said.
Prince of Persia: Warrior Within In Stores December 05, 2004 - Ubisoft, one of the world #39;s leading video game publishers, today announced that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within(tm) is now available on store shelves for the PlayStation(r)2 computer entertainment system, Xbox(r) video game system 
Sun Microsystems, Microsoft Cozying Up Former rivals Sun Microsystems and Microsoft have been working together to make their products more compatible -- permitting Windows to run on Sun #39;s hardware and making StarOffice and Java Runtime Environment compatible with XP SP2.
Microsoft Renews Play for Digital Home Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) newest digital entertainment campaign got some play today, as the company announced its latest move into your home on the back of Windows XP Media Center 2005.
Raines: Lawmen Told Fannie Mae To Preserve Papers In DOJ Probe Fannie Mae (nyse: FNM - news - people ) disclosed Tuesday that prosecutors had asked the company to preserve documents as part of a criminal probe by the US Department of Justice.
Movie, Music Industries Petition Court Over File-Sharing com. In the latest battle in the file-sharing war, the movie and music industries have petitioned the US Supreme Court to overturn an appellate court decision that gave the green light to software firms to trade copyrighted material.
Will your phone become your credit card? com October 12, 2004, 12:23 PM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
FTC Hopes to Shut Down Spyware Creator Oct. 12 - The Federal Trade Commission wants to shut down software that it says, hijacks computers without the owners #39; knowledge.
Everypath Announces Participation in IBM PartnerWorld Industry &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTA CLARA, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Oct. 12, 2004 -- Mobile Task Automation Software Provider Unveils Comprehensive Solutions to Help Customers Win in an On Demand World.
Singh to face Langer at Wentworth World number one Vijay Singh will face Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer in the first round of the World Match Play Championship at Wentworth on Thursday.
Larkin Says He Won #39;t Return To The Reds Barry Larkin tells The Associated Press he will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year tenure with his hometown team.
The Hangover Effect Under Irish head coach Tyrone Willingham, Notre Dame has struggled to shake off the effects of a loss in the previous game. The good news is that the Irish head into this week off of a win.
Labonte to run part-time schedule in 2005 and 2006 It was no secret that two-time NASCAR champion Terry Labonte was thinking about scaling back to a limited racing schedule. Even so, the official announcement brought tears to most everyone present.
Bush and Kerry step up credibility battle before last debate (AFP) AFP - George W. Bush and election rival John Kerry hammered away at each other's credibility ahead of their final debate while Democrats were outraged about a new anti-Kerry documentary.
The Threat From Life on Mars sweetshot97 writes  quot;According to the UK site, Times Online; future trips to Mars that will have probes return with samples of the martian surface may contain deadly microbes of course, foreign to our world.
French Retailer Carrefour Warns on Profit  PARIS (Reuters) - Carrefour, the world's No. 2 retailer,  posted a weaker-than-expected rise in quarterly sales on  Tuesday and warned it would not reach annual sales and profit  targets amid a sharp deterioration in its markets.
Blast Near Convoy of Palestinian Security Chief  GAZA (Reuters) - Moussa Arafat, cousin of Yasser Arafat and  a top Palestinian security chief, survived an apparent car bomb  assassination attempt in Gaza City on Tuesday in an attack that  signaled deepening internal faction fighting.
Helen Ravaged Helen of Troy drops due to lowered guidance, but that's not the only reason to shun this tarnished beauty.
Canadian Stock-Index Quotes Halted Amid Power Failure (Update2) A power failure at a London facility of Reuters Group Plc prevented Standard  amp; Poor #39;s from providing quotes on Canada #39;s benchmark stock indexes, including the S amp;P/TSX Composite Index and the S amp;P/TSX 60 index, Reuters said.
Supreme Court Won #39;t Weigh Net Music Lawsuit Tactics The US Supreme Court on Tuesday declined to examine a lower-court ruling that forces music-industry investigators to file a lawsuit to uncover the identities of people who may be copying their songs online.
IBM Simplifies Partner Program IBM on Tuesday said it has simplified the process for software vendors to qualify and participate as a partner, which gives them access to IBM #39;s global-sales network and to financial support for co-marketing campaigns.
A look at Notre Dame, Navy As Notre Dame and Navy prepare to face one another Oct. 16, both squads reach the season #39;s midpoint in much better condition than they were one year ago.
Israeli Army: al-Qaida Behind Egypt Blasts Relatives of Assaf Grinvald attend his funeral service in the Israeli town of Ramat Hasaron, north of Tel Aviv, Monday, Oct. 11 2004.
Sudan protests at EU sanctions threat KHARTOUM, Oct 12 (AFP) - The Sudanese foreign ministry summoned the European Union #39;s delegation chief on Tuesday to protest at a renewed threat of EU sanctions over the crisis in Darfur.
Tool connects  #39;Halo #39; with ... Excel The video game  quot;Halo 2 quot; is considered a  quot;killer app quot; for Microsoft #39;s Xbox game console -- a piece of software popular enough to drive big sales of the underlying hardware.
Oil Prices Rise Toward Record \$54 A Barrel NEW YORK -- Oil futures prices headed to a new high Monday as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter of crude oil. Crude for November delivery rose 33 cents to \$53.
Jury tells Medtronic to pay \$400 million A federal jury awarded \$400 million in punitive damages Wednesday to a doctor who accused a medical technology company of infringing on his patents for a surgical device to treat spinal injuries.
A Smart and Sleazy Stock Striptease Go ahead and admit it. You #39;ve flirted before. You may have even been the subject of a naughty little striptease. Heck, maybe most of us have.
Iron Mountain to acquire Connected Corp. in \$117 merger of record &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iron Mountain Inc. said Tuesday it will acquire Connected Corp. for \$117 million in cash in a merger of two Massachusetts-based record-keeping companies.
DreamWorks sets \$23-\$25 a share IPO DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. set its planned initial public offering on Tuesday at 29 million Class A common shares at an estimated price of \$23 to \$25 per share, which could bring in more than \$600 million for the company.
Oil: Price ends lower after jump over US\$54 NEW YORK - Oil prices jumped to record highs above US\$54 on Tuesday as supply hitches hindered efforts to build northern hemisphere winter heating fuel inventories.
EMC Makes SMB, Channel, Macintosh Play With Dantz Acquisition EMC scored a triple-play with the acquisition of Dantz Development, a small developer of data backup and restore software under the Retrospect brand.
Redesign Cripples Paypal Service Problems implementing a site redesign temporarily crippled some operations of Paypal the popular payment processing service. The performance problems, which began after a site update Thursday night, escalated 
Two exclusive tournaments, only one that counts The World Match Play Championship in England, which starts Thursday at Wentworth, has a roll call of champions that rivals any tournament.
Barry Bonds Undergoes Knee Surgery San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds, 40, underwent knee surgery Tuesday and is expected to recover fully by spring training next year.
Notre Dame #39;s Quinn Expected to Start SOUTH BEND, Ind. Oct. 12, 2004 - Notre Dame quarterback Brady Quinn is expected to start Saturday against Navy after sustaining a concussion in his last game.
Car bomb explodes at Palestinian security HQ in Gaza GAZA CITY, Oct 12 (AFP) - A car bomb exploded outside Palestinian security headquarters in Gaza City late Tuesday in what witnesses said appeared to be an assassination attempt against a top security official.
Union threatens to extend Nigeria strike if government toughens &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAGOS, Nigeria A union leader in Nigeria is threatening to prolong a four-day nationwide strike that has helped push world oil prices to record highs.
Action over global warming demanded The Government #39;s chief scientist has warned the world must act fast to combat global warming or face the dire consequences. Professor Sir David King said climate change cannot be avoided and that  quot;action is affordable, inaction is not quot;.
Israel investigates shooting of 13-year-old Palestinian girl JERUSALEM - An Israeli platoon commander is under investigation following accusations by his fellow soldiers who claim he repeatedly shot a 13-year-old Palestinian girl after she had already been shot.
Scottish aid worker killed by land mine in Sudan A Scottish aid worker has been killed by a land mine in the Darfur area of Sudan. Thirty-four-year-old Ralph Bullick from Edinburgh was working on a project restoring water supplies to the troubled area when his vehicle detonated an anti-tank mine.
WebMD Pays Landlord  #36;23 Mln in Property Settlement (Reuters) Reuters - WebMD Corp. , a leading\provider of health information online, said on Tuesday it\settled a disputed lease for its Santa Clara, California,\operations with a  #36;23 million cash payment.
Virgin to Launch Digital Music Player (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Virgin Electronics, the consumer electronics arm of Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group, has announced an own brand digital music player.
SGI Launches Linux Workstation (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - High-performance computing specialist SGI (Silicon Graphics) has launched a line of Linux-based visualization machines, providing the company's cutting-edge graphics capabilities on an open platform for the first time.
IBM Buys Systemcorp (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - In a move to strengthen its software tools portfolio, IBM (NYSE: IBM) plans to buy Systemcorp, which develops project-management applications.
PeopleSoft Rolls Out Two New Manufacturing Modules (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - As part of its update of its EnterpriseOne suite, PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) has launched two new applications targeted toward the established customer base of what used to be J.D. Edwards (Nasdaq: JDEC) -- manufacturing enterprises.
A Yukos subsidiary gets a low valuation MOSCOW The Russian government said Tuesday that it would sell part of Yukos #39;s most valuable subsidiary by the end of November as the company tries to pay off the billions of dollars it owes in taxes.
Intel Reports 3Q Sales, Earnings Gains Booming sales of server and mobile-computing microprocessors push third-quarter revenue and net income beyond earlier guidance. By Darrell Dunn.
Update 2: Starbucks CEO to Retire in March 2005 Starbucks Corp. #39;s president and chief executive, Orin Smith, said Tuesday he plans to retire early next year because he wants to slow down and focus on philanthropy, family and hobbies.
Patni acquires Cymbal of US in \$68 mn all-cash deal MUMBAI: Patni Computer Systems said on Tuesday that it has acquired US-based Cymbal Corporation for about \$68m in cash, through its wholly-owned subsidiary in the US.
Ala. Bank AmSouth to Pay \$10M Penalty Federal regulators imposed a \$10 million penalty against an Alabama bank for alleged violations of rules barring money laundering.
Safeco Posts 3Q Hurricane Losses Property and casualty insurance provider Safeco Corp. said Tuesday it expects claims from the four hurricanes that hit the southeastern United States in August and September to reduce third-quarter earnings by \$127 million, or 96 cents per share.
Air NZ: Aussie regulator granted alliance appeal WELLINGTON: National carrier Air New Zealand said yesterday the Australian Competition Tribunal has approved a proposed alliance with Qantas Airways Ltd, despite its rejection in New Zealand.
Gold Banc falls after scuttling takeover Shares of Gold Banc Corp. (GLDB.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 3.8 percent on Tuesday after the Kansas banking company terminated an agreement to be bought by Silver Acquisition 
Honda, GE Create Joint Company for Jet-Engine Sales (Update2) Honda Motor Co., Japan #39;s third- largest automaker, and General Electric Co., the world #39;s biggest jet-engine maker, formed a joint venture for their partnership to sell a new Honda engine for business aircraft.
Virgin shoulders into iPod #39;s terrain Virgin launched its 5 GB player, whose battery life (eight hours) and retail price (\$249) both match the iPod Mini #39;s. There are also reports of the impending release of Creative #39;s 
IBM Touts Simpler Storage IBM on Tuesday bolstered its storage portfolio with several new systems, including a product the vendor says packs the power of a larger system but is about the size of a couple of pizza boxes.
PayPal outages, complaints continue Online payment service PayPal continued to suffer outages Tuesday. Company officials insisted the problems were  quot;intermittent, quot; but many consumers complained they hadn #39;t been able to log on 
Microsoft Releases New  #39;Critical #39; Patches Microsoft Corp. today released an unprecedented number of software security updates to plug flaws in its products, including seven  quot;critical quot; defects that it said hackers could use to hijack 
EMC #39;s Dantz Buy Reveals SMB Ambitions EMC Corp. on Tuesday announced the acquisition of Dantz Development Corp., developers of the Retrospect family of backup and restore technology for the SMB (small to midsized business) market.
Axim X30 Getting Windows Media Player Update Dell announced today that it #39;s latest models, the Axim X50 series, comes with the just-released Windows Media Player 10 for Mobile.
Microsoft pushes online music entry In a bid to dethrone Apple Computer as the king of the online music market, Microsoft formally launched its own service Tuesday. Microsoft #39;s MSN Music service virtually mirrors 
Worm Crawls Through MSN Messenger Security researchers are warning of a new worm, dubbed  quot;Funner, quot; targeting Microsoft #39;s MSN Messenger instant messaging application.
JVC joins Blu-ray disc association JVC has joined the Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA), the group responsible for promoting the Blu-ray Disc optical disc format. The medium is being positioned as a successor 
Critical Flaws Found in Windows, Office Microsoft issues patches for holes that could allow remote attackers to gain control of your PC. Microsoft this week released 10 software security patches for its products, including seven it deemed critical 
Chief British Scientist Says Act Now on CO2 LONDON - The world faces a surge in extreme weather events because of global warming and governments must act immediately to avert disaster, Britain #39;s chief scientist said yesterday.
PeopleSoft extends its  #39;poison pill #39; customer offer WILMINGTON, Delaware PeopleSoft said Tuesday that it was extending a money-back guarantee program that it says is designed to protect customers in the event of a takeover by the rival software maker Oracle.
Enter your e-mail: PC World #39;s already had a chance to test Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005, which was announced today in a big to-do thrown by Microsoft in Los Angeles.
IBM Eases ISV Rein IBM (Quote, Chart) is easing restrictions on its ISV (define) membership program, opening the door for more marketing and sales help for companies that make software based on IBM #39;s middleware platform.
Hurst #39;s black mark for Beckham They symbolise two very different eras of English football, and yesterday the philosophies of David Beckham and Sir Geoff Hurst clashed in spectacular fashion when the 
Wilkinson reprieve for Keown Martin Keown, told that he could leave after a row with former manager Micky Adams, is to return to Leicester #39;s squad following the appointment of Howard Wilkinson as temporary first-team coach.
Red Sox fans find refuge in the belly of the beast NEW YORK New York City can be a lonely place. Especially if you #39;re a Boston Red Sox fan. But as baseball #39;s fiercest rivalry is renewed in a series for the American League pennant, there are a few spots where 
Cardinals #39; bats likely to be difference in NLCS Making their third National League Championship Series appearance in four years, the Cardinals #39; next goal is to get to the World Series for the first time under Tony La Russa, who began managing the club in 1996.
Reds decide to part ways with Barry Larkin Barry Larkin #39;s stellar 19-year career with his hometown team ended Tuesday with a one-sided phone call. The Cincinnati Reds informed their captain they aren #39;t interested in keeping him around for another season.
Receiver to have surgery Thursday, may need ACL repaired Tennessee Titans receiver Tyrone Calico will have surgery Thursday to repair torn cartilage in his left knee and may need to have his anterior cruciate ligament fixed as well, coach Jeff Fisher said Tuesday.
NHL set to miss opening night The Tampa Bay Lightning were supposed to raise their Stanley Cup championship banner this week to kick off the new season. Instead, the arena that rocked during the finals in June will be dark because of a labor dispute that shows no sign of ending soon.
Lopez Out Indefinitely With Knee Injury SALT LAKE CITY Oct. 12, 2004 - Utah Jazz point guard Raul Lopez, who missed the 2002-03 season after having a second surgery on his right knee, will be out indefinitely after bumping his leg over the weekend.
Nuclear materials from Iraq  #39;missing #39; Equipment which could be used in an illicit nuclear bomb programme has disappeared from previously monitored sites in Iraq, and radioactively contaminated items from there have been found abroad, the International Atomic Energy Agency has told the UN.
Peace in Sadr city, bombing in Fallujah raise questions At the beginning of this week the interim Iraqi government and US occupation forces were hoping to reach a peaceful solution to clashes that have continued for monthsin the 
Germany Extradites Militant to Turkey Militant Islamic leader Metin Kaplan, the self-described  #39;Caliph of Cologne #39;, in Cologne, Germany, in this June 1, 2004 file photo.
Straw drops 45-minute claim The government #39;s claim that Iraq could fire chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes was formally withdrawn by the foreign secretary, Jack Straw, yesterday.
Suspected Militants Killed in Saudi Clash RIYADH, Saudi Arabia Oct. 12, 2004 - Three suspected Saudi militants armed with guns and hand grenades including one militant on the country #39;s most-wanted list were killed in a clash with Saudi security forces, officials said Tuesday.
Venus Wins, Russians Dominate Early Action  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Venus Williams carved out a testy 6-4,  6-4 win over qualifier Alina Jidkova, while French and U.S.  Open runner-up Elena Dementieva led seven Russians into the  second round of the Kremlin Cup Tuesday.
PayPal Problems Persist for Fifth Day (AP) AP - Despite furious repair efforts, intermittent service outages at the online payment service PayPal continued Tuesday for the fifth consecutive day, affecting payments, log-ins and account creations.
DHS May Appoint Cybersecurity Chief (AP) AP - Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge told industry executives Tuesday he supports appointment of a senior cybersecurity chief higher in his department with broader authority and more control over spending. The department later pulled back from the idea.
Microsoft Increases Entertainment Focus (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. unveiled the latest version of its entertainment-focused operating system Tuesday, seeking a broader audience on a wider array of computers and stoked by partnerships offering music, movies and even recorded books.
New Report Confirms Online Sites Are Cutting Into Papers' Classified Ads (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK Craigslist and eBay are now cutting into newspaper classified advertising, according to a new report released today by Classified Intelligence, which surveyed 36 newspapers throughout the United States.
Virgin Electronics Unveils Portable Music Player (Reuters) Reuters - Virgin Electronics, the consumer\electronics arm of Richard Branson's Virgin Group,  on\Tuesday unveiled a new portable music player to compete\directly with Apple Computer Inc.'s  popular iPod mini\player.
Intel's 3Q Profits Rise 15 Percent (AP) AP - Driven by record sales of server and mobile microprocessors and a bigger slice of the flash memory market, Intel Corp.'s third-quarter profits rose 15 percent even as it struggled with lackluster PC sales, excess inventory and stiff competition.
Microsoft Releases New 'Critical' Patches (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft Corp. today released an unprecedented number of software security updates to plug flaws in its products, including seven "critical" defects that it said hackers could use to hijack vulnerable computers running the Windows operating system.
IBM #8217;s Atlantic tools platform set to sail (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - IBM Rational on Wednesday plans to flesh out complete plans for the upcoming IBM Software Development Platform, code-named  #8220;Atlantic. #8221;
Magma Breaks Surface at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Magma that has been rising inside Mount St. Helens after weeks of earthquakes and steam eruptions finally pushed its way to the surface Tuesday, forming a new lava dome just behind the existing one in the volcano's crater.
Study: Atomic Radiation Down in Arctic (AP) AP - Atomic radiation levels are beginning to decline in the Arctic, years after Soviet nuclear weapons tests and the Chernobyl nuclear accident spewed their fallout over the region, according to a study released Tuesday.
CITES Accepts Protection Plan for 'Jaws' Shark (Reuters) Reuters - A U.N. conference endorsed on Tuesday a\proposal to slap controls on trade in the ocean's most feared\predator, the great white shark of "Jaws" fame.
Thais Face Jumbo Dilemma in Conserving Elephants (Reuters) Reuters - Elephants kicking soccer balls,\painting flowers with their trunks, or twirling a hula-hoop are\a common sight in Thailand, where the sacred warrior beasts\perform in tourist shows or peddle fruits on the streets of\Bangkok.
CITES Allows Swaziland to Export, Hunt Rhinos (Reuters) Reuters - A U.N. conference gave tiny Swaziland\the green light Tuesday to export some of its white rhinos and\bring in trophy hunters occasionally to shoot the massive\animals.
Problems with online payment service PayPal persist for fifth day SAN JOSE, Calif. Despite repair efforts, service outages at the online payment service PayPal continue for the fifth consecutive day.
IBM raises bar -- and lowers prices -- in storage Effective December 3, IBM expects to carve out a bigger slice of the storage market, and two months prior to shipping, the initial prospects look very good for the channel.
US court refuses piracy appeal THE US Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by the recording industry seeking to force internet service providers to turn over the names of subscribers suspected of music piracy.
Dell Axim X50 Series VGA Pocket PCs The Dell Axim X50 and X50v are the first Pocket PCs from Dell with 3.7-inch VGA LCD screens. These devices out-power some computers still in use here at home, it will be available in 412, 516 or 620 MHz Intel XScale processors.
Funner Worm Spreads to US Symantec said when someon clicks on an infected link in a message, the worm tries to download code from remote sites, to redirect users to certain Web sites and to send a version of itself to everyone in an IM user #39;s contact list as well.
Gates lays out all-encompassing digital media plans LOS ANGELES -- Microsoft chairman Bill Gates presented his company #39;s vision of digital entertainment Tuesday, and the keyword was unified.
Cendant to spin off mortgage unit As part of its strategy to focus on travel and residential real estate, Cendant Corp. today said it plans to spin off its mortgage and fleet operations.
Blast near convoy of Palestinian security chief Moussa Arafat, cousin of Yasser Arafat and a top Palestinian security chief, has survived an apparent car bomb assassination attempt in Gaza City in an attack that signals deepening internal faction fighting.
Nobel Peace Prize winner says HIV was created for biological &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wangari Maathai, the Kenyan ecologist who last week was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, on Saturday repeated her belief that HIV was created by scientists for biological warfare, Agence France-Presse reports.
Professional Economists: The Economy is Safer in Kerry's Hands The Economist is currently reporting the results of a survey of professional economists. When asked the majority seemed to feel that the economy was safer in Kerry's hands than in Bush's. The Bush tax cuts seem to have gone down particularly poorly with this group.     On the more positive side for Bush, a significant number of the economists say they don't think the problems of the US economy are entirely his fault.
Dell Axim X50 and X50v Pocket PC reviews roundup You cant get your hands on one quite yet (they want to see how badly you really want it and so wont be shipping them out until the 18th), but tons of reviews of Dells new Axim X50 and X50v Pocket PCs have started popping up, and as were known 
Chief British Scientist Says Act Now on Carbon Dioxide The world faces a surge in extreme weather events because of global warming and governments must act immediately to avert disaster, Britain #39;s chief scientist said on Tuesday.
AsianHandicap.com  Your Guide To Asian Handicap Betting Our tipsters are sponsored by PointBet and BetHelp Ltd and we deliver a total prize of 735 USD to our tipsters every month. PointBet sponsors tipsters prizes.
Triple attacks in Sinai, Egypt, leaves 33 dead and 130 injured WANTED FOR MURDER OF 33 PEOPLE AND INJURY OF 130 PEOPLE at 3 locations in Sinai, Egypt, at the end of the Jewish high holiday season (at the end of the Simchat Torah holiday).
Bill Gates charges forward into digital entertainment Today at the Los Angeles Shrine Auditorium, Microsoft #39;s Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates laid out his vision of the future of multimedia.
Dell gets down to CE business Dell is expected to expand its line of line of consumer electronics this week, possibly taking the wraps off of a challenger to Apple Computer #39;s iPod Mini music player.
Uruguay #39;s struggles continue, Saudi Arabia wins again in World Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two-time champion Uruguay continued to struggle in its quest to qualify for the 2006 World Cup on Tuesday, while Saudi Arabia maintained its unbeaten record in Asia.
Reds won #39;t bring back Larkin The team has informed the 40-year-old shortstop it will not offer him another contract, effectively ending a 19-year relationship with the player.
Sharon to fight back for Gaza pullout plan after being forced into &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s bumpy road of his disengagement plan has restarted with a somewhat surprise defeat in the opening of the Knesset #39;s winter session.
Germany deports Islamic leader An Islamic leader sought by Ankara on treason charges has been deported by Germany hours after a court cleared his extradition. Muhammad Metin Kaplan, 51, was detained at an Internet caf in Cologne and hustled 
FRANCE/JAPAN: Carrefour mulls sale of Japanese stores - report French retail giant Carrefour is reported to be planning to sell its operations in Japan in a bid to generate cash amid continuing weak sales in Europe.
Cendant to Spin Off Mortgage Operations Cendant Corp., the world #39;s top hotel franchisor, said Tuesday that it plans to spin off its mortgage and fleet operations in the first quarter of 2005 by distributing PHH Corp.
Virgin unveils  #39;iPod mini killer #39; and openly chides Apple for not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Virgin Digital has announced their own  quot;iPod mini killer, quot; the weirdly-named  quot;Virgin Electronics Player 5GB quot; which features 5GB of storage (which Virgin bills as capable of holding over 1200 songs), a built in FM tuner, weight of 3.1 ounces, and dual 
IBM unpacks new storage gear NEW YORK--IBM has introduced two new storage products that the company said provides customers with better performance at a lower cost.
Microsoft Releases 10 Security Updates Microsoft Corp. released 10 security fixes for various products Tuesday, including seven that fix flaws the company said pose the highest threat to users.
Microsoft Officially Launches MSN Music: Mac Users Still Not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft officially launched the MSN Music Store today, marking the company #39;s entry into the online music download business. The company announced the service 
Hughes  #39;surprised #39; but not angry Wales manager Mark Hughes today refused to condemn David Beckham after the England captain admitted he deliberately got himself booked during Saturday #39;s clash with Ben Thatcher at Old Trafford.
Bonds undergoes arthroscopic surgery on left knee Barry Bonds underwent arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Tuesday and is expected to be at full strength when the San Francisco Giants open spring training in February.
Guaranteed contracts: the truth If the NHL and NHL Players #39; Association do reach a negotiated settlement this season, or next summer, or any time after that, a hard individual team salary cap will not be part of it.
Microsoft Renews Push Into Entertainment Products  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  unveiled a new version of its Windows XP Media Center, along  with an array of new devices and services aimed at capturing  consumer spending on movies, pictures and music.
Microsoft Issues Patches for 7 Software Flaws  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. warned on Tuesday of  seven newly found flaws in its software that could allow an  attacker to steal data and take over a personal computer  running the Windows operating system.
Report Faults Military Technology in Iraq War  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Front-line U.S. troops often lacked  access to surveillance and intelligence data during the  invasion of Iraq because of computer glitches, Technology  Review magazine reported on Tuesday, citing a largely  classified report by Rand Corp.
Red Sox, Yankees Ready for ALCS Battle Boston Red Sox slugger David Ortiz, right, and Manny Ramirez watch a fly ball hit by Ramirez during batting practice for the upcoming American League Championship Series, Monday, Oct. 11, 2004 at Yankee Stadium in New York.
Indians decline option on long-time shortstop Vizquel CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians declined to pick up Omar Vizquel #39;s \$5 million contract option for next season, making him eligible to become a free agent when the World Series ends.
Titans #39; Calico to have surgery Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans wide receiver Tyrone Calico is expected to undergo surgery Thursday on his injured left knee.
Chinese hostage crisis hits impasse A Pakistani rebel leader refused to meet a council of tribal elders trying to secure the release of two Chinese hostages held by his group.
Rosales urges faithful to pray for Sins recovery Manila Archbishop Gaudencio Rosales yesterday urged Catholics to pray for the speedy recovery of Archbishop Emeritus of Manila Jaime Cardinal Sin, who suffered arrythmia or irregular 
FTC Sues Spyware Suspects Federal authorities have asked a federal judge to shut down an operation that they said installed intrusive "spyware" on people's computers and then sold anti-spyware software to those same victims, a top consumer protection official said today. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Microsoft Releases New 'Critical' Patches Microsoft Corp. today released an unprecedented number of software security updates to plug flaws in its products, including seven "critical" defects that it said hackers could use to hijack vulnerable computers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
E-Voting Group Sues Md. Elections Board A Maryland group seeking paper trails on touch-screen voting machines today sued the State Board of Elections to win the right to monitor polling places on Election Day. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Yahoo Q3 Profit More Than Triples The increase reflected a continued boom in online advertising, as well as a windfall that Yahoo realized from selling part of its stake in rival Google Inc. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Intel Beats Expectations but Warns on Inventory Driven by demand for flash memory chips used in cell phones, Intel Corp.'s third-quarter profits rose 15 percent, but also warned that its gross margins are sagging, and it continues to suffer from a buildup of inventory.
Intel, Yahoo Save Day for U.S. Earnings (Reuters) Reuters - The scorecard of U.S. corporate\earnings ended on a positive note on Tuesday with  chip maker\Intel Corp.  and Internet media company Yahoo Inc\ reassuring investors that they were still growing\despite tough market conditions.
Britain Withdraws Iraq Weapons Claims (AP) AP - Foreign Secretary Jack Straw on Tuesday said British spy masters have formally withdrawn the intelligence that Iraqi troops could deploy some chemical and biological weapons on 45 minutes notice, information used as a rationale for joining the U.S.-led war in Iraq.
Newspaper: Egypt Attackers Fled on Foot (AP) AP - The attackers in three explosions on Egypt's Sinai Peninsula last week all fled minutes before their vehicles blew up, Egypt's biggest newspaper reported Wednesday, contradicting reports that suicide bombers carried out the attacks.
Coles trumps rival Woolworth's bid for pub and gaming group (AFP) AFP - Australian retail giant Coles Myer launched a 1.18 billion dollar (861 million US) bid for pub and liquor store group ALH, trumping a lower offer by rival Woolworths.
Martin office asked about Montreal sponsorship deal involving hockey great (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin's staff contacted the office of former public works minister Alfonso Gagliano in 1999 to inquire about  #36;600,000 in sponsorship money for a Montreal sports group, documents provided to a public inquiry indicate.
Intel Profit Up; Outlook Reassures Market  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said quarterly profit rose 15 percent, helped by record sales  in Asia and stronger demand for notebook and server computer  chips, and gave an outlook that reassured jittery investors  that it could grow despite tough market conditions.
Economists: Bush, Kerry Job Plans Lacking (AP) AP - President Bush says his economic policies, including billions of dollars in tax cuts, are helping to create new jobs. But not the millions he promised. Democratic challenger John Kerry says 10 million new jobs would be added in his first term. Don't bet on that either.
White House Sounds Out Europeans on Iran (AP) AP - The Bush administration will talk with European allies later this week about possible economic incentives to Iran if it agrees to suspend the enrichment of uranium, a key step in the production of nuclear weapons, U.S. officials said Tuesday.
FCC Proposes  #36;1.2M Indecency Fine for Fox (AP) AP - Federal regulators proposed a record indecency fine of nearly  #36;1.2 million Tuesday against Fox Broadcasting Co. for an episode of its reality series "Married by America" that included graphic scenes from bachelor and bachelorette parties.
Starbucks CEO to Retire, Shares Fall  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Starbucks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBUX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBUX.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said its chief executive, Orin Smith, will retire next year,  surprising investors, who sent the coffee shop chain's shares  lower in after-hours trading.
Borders Cuts Forecast; Storms Hit Sales  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Bookseller Borders Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BGP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BGP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday slashed its financial forecast, saying sales  were weaker than expected due in part to hurricanes, and that  profits during the key holiday season would miss Wall Street  estimates.
Medtronic Told to Pay \$400 Mln Damages  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal jury on Tuesday ordered  Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; to pay \$400 million in punitive damages  to an inventor of spinal surgical devices sold by the medical  equipment maker.
Singapore #39;s Temasek to increase exposure to Asia, reshape &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE : Temasek Holdings wants to increase its exposure to Asia as the region prospers, so it is reshaping its investment portfolio to have equal emphasis on Singapore, Asia and the rest of the world.
CalPERS, other big institutions, lean hard on Disney The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System and three other heavyweight institutions are turning up the heat on The Walt Disney Co.
DreamWorks Animation IPO Could Raise \$725 Mln DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc., whose  quot;Shark Tale quot; film snagged the No. 1 US box office spot for the second straight weekend, on Tuesday 
FCC Proposes Record \$1.2 Million  Fine Against Fox Federal regulators proposed a record indecency fine of nearly \$1.2 million Tuesday against Fox Broadcasting Co. for an episode of its reality series "Married by America" that included graphic scenes from bachelor and bachelorette parties.
MSN Music launch tomorrow p2pnet.net News:- Apple #39;s pre-eminence in the corporate online music retail market is about to be seriously threatened. Slightly more than a year ago, Bill and the Boyz said they were planning to develop something similar to Apple #39;s iTunes - only better.
JVC and Fox back Blu-Ray DVD standard JVC has joined the Blu-ray Disc Association, the group responsible for promoting the Blu-ray Disc optical disc format. This format aims to become the successor to current DVD discs for high-definition video content.
PC demand boosts Intel earnings The world's largest chipmaker Intel sees profits rise 15 to 1.9bn thanks to strength in its personal computer business.
Thousands more flee Darfur homes New violence in Darfur has driven some 200,000 more people from their homes, the UN reports from Sudan.
Iraq asks nuclear watchdog back Iraq invites the UN nuclear watchdog to check on the disappearance of materials from its former nuclear sites.
Yahoo's Profit More Than Triples The Internet media company's quarterly profit was boosted by stronger online advertising and its acquisition of Overture Services.
Intel's Third-Quarter Profit Rises 15 Driven by demand for flash memory chips used in cell phones, Intel's profits rose as it struggled to overcome weak PC sales, growing inventory, product missteps and stiff competition.
Oil Prices Surge Briefly Above \$54 a Barrel The International Energy Agency said that higher petroleum prices would hurt economic growth around the world next year.
A Bargain in Drug Distribution? D K Healthcare Resources' stock surprises investors, but the drop brings a favorable valuation.
FCC Proposes \$1.2M Indecency Fine for Fox WASHINGTON - Federal regulators proposed a record indecency fine of nearly \$1.2 million Tuesday against Fox Broadcasting Co. for an episode of its reality series "Married by America."   The Federal Communications Commission cited the network for the April 7, 2003, program, which included scenes from Las Vegas bachelor and bachelorette parties featuring strippers and various sexual situations...
Bones Found in Purported Mob Graveyard NEW YORK - Police and federal agents found remains of two people believed to be former Mafia captains after expanding excavation work at a Queens lot reportedly used by a New York crime family, authorities said.    Searchers had recovered bones and other tissue in a shoe, ribs, a partial jaw and teeth and two personal items that led investigators to believe they had the remains of Bonanno crime family captains Philip Giaccone and Dominick Trinchera, law enforcement officials familiar with the dig said Tuesday on condition of anonymity...
Yankees' Rivera Heads to NYC for Playoffs PUERTO CAIMITO, Panama - Mariano Rivera wept, sang and prayed Tuesday at the funeral for two family members who died at his house, and he later raced to catch a private jet to return to New York for Game 1 of the Yankees-Red Sox pennant series.    The star reliever broke out in tears as a choir sang hymns at the God of the Prophecy Church near his home in this fishing village 40 miles from Panama City...
Sharon Begins Courting Opposition Parties A top Palestinian security leader who is a related to Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed on Tuesday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City. The blast came as Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to cobble together a governing team to carry out his plan to withdraw from Gaza next year.
Briefly: Sun draws Nvidia graphics into Solaris roundup Plus: Tibco scoops up software company...PeopleSoft extends customer assurance...Siebel moves toward self-repairing software.
Tibco scoops up software company The purchase of privately held General Interface puts middleware specialist Tibco in the software development tool market.
Novell vows patent defense of open source Software maker says it will defend customers' open-source packages as vigorously as it would defend its own products.
Massu Defeats Kucera at CA Trophy Olympic champion Nicolas Massu defeated Karol Kucera 6-4, 6-7 (5), 6-4 at the CA Trophy tournament on Tuesday.
Intel revenue up 5 percent The traditional third-quarter bump is light for the chipmaker, as lower-than-expected PC sales offset flash memory gains.
Canada #39;s rich getting richer, Canadian Business ranks 100 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Canada #39;s rich are getting richer, according to Canadian Business magazine #39;s sixth annual Rich 100, a ranking of Canada #39;s wealthiest citizens that hits newsstands Monday.
IBM unpacks new storage gear Big Blue says its expected storage products will offer customers better performance at a lower cost.
Sun draws Nvidia graphics into Solaris Nvidia is supplying graphics drivers for Solaris-based workstations that use x86 chips such as Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron.
Microsoft warns of 22 new security flaws The goal now is to "guess what the criminals are going to attack," an exec says. Redmond will focus first on the critical flaws.
Wi-Fi group: Jumping the gun on gear is risky The Wi-Fi Alliance "strongly discourages" manufacturers from launching products using standards that haven't yet been approved.
Syed Mokhtar wins bid battle Syed Mokhtar, a Malaysian tycoon, appears to have won a takeover battle for motor vehicle and banking group DRB-Hicom after his bid was supported by prime minister Abdullah Badawi in a surprise decision.
Qualcomm tries Trigenix on for size To help bolster its presence in Europe, the proponent of a North American cell phone standard goes on a shopping spree.
Dell hears consumer electronics call Possibly launching a rival to Apple's iPod Mini, Dell is expected to unleash a number of consumer gadgets.
U2 pitches for Apple New iTunes ads airing during baseball games Tuesday will feature the advertising-shy Irish rockers.
Photo 1 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Picture 3 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Picture 4 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Aon  #39;comfortable #39; with past behaviour Aon, the world #39;s second largest insurance broker, yesterday denied its brokers had ever steered business to favoured insurance companies as a way of generating bigger commissions.
Picture 5 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Picture 6 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Picture 8 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Microsoft releases fixes for seven 'critical' vulnerabilities Windows users need to prepare for 'patch Tuesday,' analyst says.
PayPal users still stranded as site glitch continues A coding error during routine upgrade maintenance at online payment Web site PayPal.com has created havoc for users, who have had only intermittent access to their accounts since Friday.
Brief: IBM buys software vendor IBM said it plans to acquire software vendor Systemcorp for an undisclosed sum. The Montreal company makes project portfolio management software for helping companies manage IT projects.
Verizon, Comcast execs slam regulation Top executives of Verizon and Comcast called for less regulation of communications at the Telecom '04 trade show .
IBM enhances support for ISVs IBM is expanding its resources to help application software companies generate leads and close sales.
CES 2005 already a sellout The 2005 Consumer Electronics Show scheduled for early January at the Las Vegas Convention Center is already sold out, and a major expansion is planned for 2006, the organizers said.
CSX Intermodal using CRM software with handhelds CSX Intermodal has about 500 independent truckers using RIM BlackBerry devices to report their progress in deliveries, get notices of changes in routes and more.
EMC buys backup software vendor EMC said it has purchased backup software vendor Dantz Development Corp. for less than \$50 million in a deal that it hopes will put it in a better position to sell data backup technology in the small-to-medium-size-business market.
Update: Intel Q3 revenue slightly higher than new expectations Third-quarter revenue was \$8.47 billion, up 8 percent from last year's third-quarter revenue of \$7.83 billion. Intel shipped a record number of processors in the quarter, but it had forecast even higher growth coming off of its second-quarter earnings conference call.
Yahoo meets earnings forecast; exceeds on revenue Yahoo Inc. significantly increased its revenue and earnings in its third quarter, the result of what the company called an accelerated pace of development for new products and services, which in turn boosted Yahoo's advertising business.
Fonterra bid too low say Aussies Australian dairy group National Foods says its shares are worth up to 22 more than a hostile \$A1.6 billion takeover offer by New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra.
Enterprise security is worst ever, experts say CANNES - Despite the number of IT security products and services cramming the market, businesses are more exposed than ever to emerging threats, according to industry experts speaking at the Etre technology conference in Cannes on Tuesday.
IBMs Atlantic tools platform set to sail IBM Rational on Wednesday plans to flesh out complete plans for the upcoming IBM Software Development Platform, code-named Atlantic.
Supreme Court passes on RIAA, network-sharing cases The U.S. Supreme Court declined Tuesday to hear appeals in two cases concerning the right of the entertainment industry to subpoena file-traders and whether telecommunication companies have to share their networks with startup competitors.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
IBM brings high-end storage functions to midrange IBM on Tuesday announced two new storage products  upper midrange and high-end disk arrays designed for ease of use and lower cost. The DS6000 and DS8000 feature higher physical storage capacities, a modular architecture, and additional visualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
Microsoft pushes out seven critical security fixes Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday released 10 software security patches for its products, including seven it deemed critical and that could allow remote attackers to take control of systems running the company's software.
Critical Flaws Found in Windows, Office Microsoft issues patches for holes that could allow remote attackers to gain control of your PC.
Australia to Meet Kyoto Target But Refuses to Sign (Reuters) Reuters - Australia is on track to meet targets\set by the global Kyoto Treaty to cut greenhouse gas emissions\but will still not sign the pact because it ignores key areas\of the fight against global warming in developing nations.
Yahoo Profit More Than Triples Thanks to Overture Yahoo Profit More Than Triples Thanks to Overture\\Yahoo's quarterly profit more than tripled when compared to Q3 2003. The increase in Yahoo profit over this time period is largely attributed by the performance of Yahoo's search engine advertising service Overture. Yahoo posted net income of \$253.3 million, or 17 cents ...
Icelandic Tin Bath Could Give Earthquake Warnings (Reuters) Reuters - A tin bath on the cliffs of northern\Iceland, where locals take a dip to treat skin complaints,\could help scientists give an early warning of big earthquakes\and save thousands of lives.
PayPal Outage Effects Online Retailing and eBay PayPal Outage Effects Online Retailing and eBay\\eBay Inc.'s online payment system PayPal said on Tuesday that account data and personal information were not compromised by a glitch in the new system update that has resulted in some users not being able to log into their accounts and also PayPal not ...
Google Ad Copy that Clicks Google Ad Copy that "Clicks"\\Google Adwords are popular among many people just starting home businesses. Even many home biz veterans still use Adwords to promote their own products or supplement their income via affiliate marketing. While there is a learning curve associated with the Adwords process, it's really not difficult ...
Biotech Bug Busters Try to Save Venezuela Art Works (Reuters) Reuters - Biotechnology is meeting art in\Venezuela as scientists try to save the country's art treasures\from being ruined by its tropical insects, fungi and humidity.
News: Homeland Security signals effort to promote cybersecurity chief The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
DLA set for transatlantic merger DLA looks near certain to rubber-stamp its ambitious merger with US suitor Piper Rudnick within hours, as partners are due to cast their votes on the proposed deal at 2pm tomorrow (4 December).
Internet pharmacies face crackdown Many Canadian internet pharmacies supplying Amer-icans with cheap prescription drugs will be forced to close under new licensing restrictions proposed by regulators in the prairie province of Manitoba.
Yahoo Profit Triples on Google Stake Sale (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc. reported on Tuesday a\quarterly net profit that more than tripled from the year\earlier, boosted by the sale of shares it held in rival Google\Inc. and stronger online ad revenue that analysts said may\signal good results from other Web search providers.
New Mich. Lab Key to Detecting Diseases (AP) AP - A new  #36;58 million lab at Michigan State University will be a key to detecting diseases that start in animals but can be transmitted to people.
Sola Agrees to Be Sold for \$815 Mln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sola International &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SOL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SOL.N&lt;/A&gt;, an  eyeglass lens maker, said on Sunday that it had agreed to be  bought by Germany's Carl Zeiss AG and European private equity  firm EQT for about \$815 million in cash.
FCC Proposes Record Fine Against Fox Federal regulators proposed a record indecency fine of nearly \$1.2 million Tuesday against Fox Broadcasting Co. for an episode of its reality series "Married by America" that included graphic scenes from bachelor and bachelorette parties. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
U.S. Considering Incentives for Iran (AP) AP - Reconsidering its hard line on Iran, the United States is weighing the idea of rewarding the Islamic republic if it gives up technology that can be used for nuclear arms, diplomats and U.S. officials said Tuesday.
Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines (AP) AP - President Bush taunted Democratic rival John Kerry and tested debate lines before friendly audiences in Colorado and Arizona on Tuesday while Kerry crammed in private for Wednesday night's final faceoff of the campaign.
Briefly: Piracy crackdown yields \$2.2 million roundup Plus: Sun draws Nvidia graphics into Solaris...Tibco scoops up software company...PeopleSoft extends customer assurance.
Murdoch to take printing out of Wapping in 600m revamp Rupert Murdoch #39;s News International is to move its print presses out of the Wapping site that was the scene of an iconic battle with print workers in the 1980s.
Red Sox, Yankees Begin ALCS Battle (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees opened the American League Championship Series Tuesday night, a rematch of New York's seven-game victory last year. Curt Schilling (21-6) started for Boston against Mike Mussina (12-9).
Rice Believes He Could Be Traded Soon (AP) AP - Jerry Rice believes he could be traded by the Oakland Raiders before the Oct. 19 deadline. Rice, who turns 42 Wednesday, told Sacramento radio station KHTK on Tuesday that his days with Oakland may be numbered, and that he wants to play for a team that will better utilize his talents.
Titans' Calico to Have Surgery Thursday (AP) AP - Tennessee Titans receiver Tyrone Calico will have surgery Thursday to repair torn cartilage in his left knee and might need to have his anterior cruciate ligament fixed as well.
FTC Sues Alleged Spyware Distributor FTC alleges that Sanford Wallace distributed spyware that created pop-up ads on victims #39; computers in order to sell his company #39;s anti-spyware software.
PeopleSoft chairman says bid needed different terms WILMINGTON, Del.--PeopleSoft might have considered Oracle #39;s takeover proposal more seriously if some of the terms were different, PeopleSoft #39;s chairman said in a videotaped deposition played in a Delaware court on Tuesday.
Inputs are dangerous Well, it #39;s  quot;Patch Day Tuesday quot; again, and Microsoft just released another raft of security bulletins. We got ten bulletins this time, but that amounts to something upwind of 20 separate vulnerabilities 
Astros to Pitch Backe, Munro Vs. Cards (AP) AP - In Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt, the Houston Astros have one of the best pitching tandems in all of baseball. Only one problem going into the NL championship series: With no time to rest, those guys have been aced out of starting the first two games against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Moussa Arafat survives blast in Gaza Moussa Arafat, a cousin of Yasser Arafat and erstwhile security boss in Gaza, last night escaped unharmed when a car bomb exploded near his convoy in Gaza City.
Seeds of Peace Plant a tree, win the Nobel Peace Prize? The world #39;s highest honor, bestowed last week on a Kenyan feminist dynamo most famous for her grass-roots effort to plant some 30 million trees in Africa, has run smack 
Oklahoma's Perkins to Miss 3-4 Weeks (AP) AP - Oklahoma cornerback Antonio Perkins will miss three to four weeks with a knee injury, leaving the second-ranked Sooners without one of the best punt returners in the country.
Novell to defend open source software with patents Novell Inc. is prepared to use its portfolio of U.S. software patents to protect against patent lawsuits the open source software it ships, the company said in statements posted to the Novell.com Web site and in an e-mail sent to customers Tuesday.
Kidd Makes His Return on Monday Night When the Toronto Raptors visit Continental Arena on Monday, Jason Kidd is expected to be in the Nets' lineup for the first time this season.
Minors In So. Maryland? A group pushing to bring minor league baseball to Charles County said Tuesday that it hopes to build a \$18 million stadium and put a team on the field in 2006.
Brewers Ace Ben Sheets Has Back Surgery Milwaukee Brewers right-hander Ben Sheets underwent surgery to repair a herniated disc in his lower back on Tuesday and is expected to be ready for spring training.
Blazers Suspend Qyntel Woods Without Pay The Portland Trail Blazers suspended reserve forward Qyntel Woods without pay Tuesday pending a team investigation surrounding alleged dogfighting.
PayPal problems continue DESPITE furious repair efforts, intermittent service outages at the online payment service PayPal continued Tuesday for the fifth consecutive day, affecting payments, log-ins and account creations.
New ISS crew ready for launch BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan: A Russian-US crew will blast off from here on Thursday bound for the orbiting international space station on a six-month mission to conduct a series of scientific experiments.
and the world of hurt It breaks your heart. It is designed to break your heart, said A. Bartlett Giamatti, commissioner of baseball, not long enough before he broke ours by dying, at the age of 51.
SCO plans alternative to Groklaw Web site After a year and a half of being flamed, dissected and dismissed on the Groklaw.net Web site, The SCO Group Inc. (SCO) has decided to set up a Web site of its own to cover the latest happenings in its many legal disputes.
Carriers see key rulings soon LAS VEGAS - The major U.S. regional carriers want to leapfrog cable operators with advanced video services over IP (Internet Protocol), and expected upcoming U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rulings may help pave the way for those roll-outs.
US Airways gets loan concessions Some key US Airways Group Inc. lenders have agreed to extend the terms of their financing to mid-January, The Wall Street Journal reports.
Schultz:  #39;Bittersweet #39; As Starbucks #39; Smith Plans To Retire Decaffeinating: Starbucks (nasdaq: SBUX - news - people ) President and Chief Executive Orin Smith on Tuesday said he plans to retire early next year, because he wants to  quot;slow down.
Supreme Court Says  #39;No #39; to RIAA Appeal The US Supreme Court passed on hearing an appeal from the Recording Industry Association of America, and let stand a lower court #39;s ruling that the RIAA must follow the guidelines of the 1998 
MSN Messenger Worm is No Fun A new worm, W32/Funner, is spread over the MSN Messenger instant messaging networks. Experts say it has caused minimal damage, but they say IM networks are ripe for more virus attacks.
IBM Expands ISV Programs IBM is expanding the number of third-part companies that can tap into its ISV partner support programs. An automated application system makes it easier for application software vendors to take 
Red Sox hope Martinez tops his  #39;daddy #39; For the Red Sox to get past the Yankees, Pedro Martinez almost certainly will have to find a way to master the team he calls  quot;daddy.
Fifth-Game Success GameNight: After winning the NLDS clincher on three days #39; rest, Astros pitcher Roy Oswalt looks ahead to the Cardinals #39; series.
Lippi upbeat after Slovenia setback Italy coach Marcello Lippi said yesterday that Inter Milan #39;s Marco Materazzi will replace Fabio Cannavaro in the centre of defence for the Azzurri #39;s crunch World Cup qualifier at home today to Belarus.
As Sadr City calms, sanitation projects loom Residents of the Sadr City slum in western Baghdad on Tuesday said they hoped an unofficial truce between a Shiite Muslim militia and US and Iraqi government 
MEPs reject new EU justice chief By Ambrose Evans-Pritchard in Brussels and Bruce Johnston in Rome. The European Union #39;s incoming justice commissioner accused MEPs yesterday of anti-Catholic  quot;fundamentalism quot; after they voted him unfit to take 
Great white shark is seen as a victim The great white shark, traditionally seen as an avid consumer of human flesh, is to be protected from the people it terrifies, an international wildlife conference decided yesterday.
Terror and tourism THE devastating terrorist attacks in the Egyptian resorts of the Sinai Peninsula last week which left more than 30 people dead - mainly Israeli tourists - have been widely attributed to Al-Qaeda.
Gadhafi #39;s son says Libya forsakes Mideast The son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi proposed a new plan for general reforms in which he said his country will move away from the Middle East and reduce spending on the military.
Grief-Stricken Russian Town Ends Mourning (AP) AP - Wailing and pounding their hands on dirt graves, hundreds of people dressed in black on Tuesday marked the end of the traditional 40-day mourning period for the children and adults killed after terrorists seized a school on the first day of classes.
U.S. to Probe Said Vanished Iraq Nukes (AP) AP - The United States said Tuesday it will conduct "a full investigation" along with the Iraqi government of the reported disappearance from Iraq's nuclear facilities of high-precision equipment that could be used to make nuclear weapons.
Head of New York City Commission Resigns (AP) AP - The head of a little-known city commission that granted an early jail release to an influential state senator has resigned under fire.
US Airways, Lenders File Cash Pact  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - The government has thrown US  Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; a lifeline until the middle of January,  agreeing with key lenders to extend financing the bankrupt  carrier must have to operate, court records showed on Tuesday.
US Airways, Lenders File Cash Pact The government has thrown US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) a lifeline until the middle of January, agreeing with key lenders to extend financing the 
DreamWorks plans public float THE company behind animated hits such as Shark Tale and Shrek has made initial moves towards a public offering which could be worth up to \$US700m (\$960m).
Ainslie proves a class act Dean Barker, the Emirates Team New Zealand skipper, received the Louis Vuitton Trophy for Act 2 of America #39;s Cup from the Mayor, Rita Barbera, yesterday.
Odds against Silverstone as Ecclestone gets even Bernie Ecclestone is known to be writing his autobiography and the chapter to look out for will be the one in which he explains what it was that imbued him with such a fierce and unremitting hatred for the chaps in blazers and cavalry twills.
Intel Profit Up; Outlook Reassures Market Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest chip maker, on Tuesday reported a 15 percent rise in quarterly profit on an improved personal 
Virgin Targets Apple #39;s iPod With the announcement of the Player 5GB, Virgin Electronics has joined the growing list of vendors attempting to take some of Apple #39;s share of the digital music player market.
Short but sweet glimpse of Kewell for Sydney #39;s fans SYDNEYSIDERS had a half-portion of Harry Kewell last night as the rarely-sighted Socceroo star made a cameo appearance for his country as Australia completed the formalities of qualifying for next year #39;s Confederations Cup.
Old soldier Arafat is just fading away The first thing one notices about Yasser Arafat is not his chequered headscarf, folded in the shape of the map of Palestine; not his surprisingly short stature; not even his trembling lips or pale hands.
Microsoft #39;s Media Center packs sticker shocker com October 12, 2004, 10:10 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
HOLLYWOOD GOLD Riding high with the No. 1 flick,  quot;Shark Tale, quot; DreamWorks is dividing up the riches among its Hollywood founders and investors.
Philips Posts Best Quarterly Results in Four Years Often pigeonholed as just a seller of televisions and DVD players, Royal Philips Electronics said Tuesday that its third-quarter profit surged despite 
US Senate OK #39;s bill that allows Florida taxpayers to deduct sales &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An estimated 2.5 million Floridians may save an average of \$300 annually by deducting the sales taxes they pay from their federal income tax returns.
\$400 Million Judgment Against Medtronic A jury in Memphis said yesterday that Medtronic #39;s spinal products subsidiary should pay \$400 million in punitive damages for violating agreements covering its use of surgical products invented by Dr.
Textile Makers Fight for Limits The US textile industry said yesterday that it is formally asking the Bush administration to cap China #39;s shipments of trousers, shirts, sheets and other textile items to the United States, warning 
FRENCH RAIDER MAY PUSH FOR HAVAS SALE The stakes are getting higher for one of the advertising industry #39;s biggest holding companies. With talk of a sale or breakup of France #39;s Havas, reports emerged yesterday 
ALH shares surge on Coles bid SHARES in Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group Ltd (ALH) jumped more than nine per cent in morning trade today after retailer Coles Myer finally joined the bidding war for the pubs and bottleshops operator.
Citrus production down, but stockpiles will pick up slack Florida growers will pick far fewer oranges and grapefruits this season than last after hurricanes devastated crops in the state, where most US citrus is grown, the government said Tuesday.
Pension Funds Angle for  #39; #39;Proxy Access #39; #39; (Board members: Please take a moment to participate in a special survey, sponsored by CFO magazine and the National Association of Corporate Directors, that examines the evolving relationship between board members and the corporations chief financial 
Oracle Isn #39;t Trying to Bury Rival, Executive Testifies The co-president of the Oracle Corporation, Safra A. Catz, testified on Tuesday that her company #39;s pursuit of PeopleSoft was a serious takeover offer, not an effort to eliminate the company as a rival.
Microsoft Releases A Flurry of Patches Microsoft Corp. yesterday released an unusually large number of software security updates to fix flaws in its products, some of which could be exploited to remotely take over computers running the Windows operating system.
New space station crew ready to go The new international space station crew will leave tonight with renewed hopes that recent oxygen problems and possible supply shortages aboard the orbital outpost won #39;t interrupt its six-month mission.
Colin McRae Rally 2005 October 12, 2004 - More of a simulation game than Asphalt, Colin McRae Rally 2005 lets the player race through eight different countries -- Australia, Finland, France, Greece, Italy, Kenya, Sweden and the UK.
Supreme Court decision sought over file sharing In the latest volley of the file-sharing wars, the movie and music industries have filed a petition asking the US Supreme Court to overturn a federal appeals court decision that favored Grokster and StreamCast Networks, the makers of software that allow 
Mussina, Matsui Set Up Game One Victory for Yankees Mike Mussina retired the first 19 batters he faced and Hideki Matsui drove in five runs as the New York Yankees opened the American League Championship Series with a wild 10-7 win over the Boston Red Sox Tuesday.
Jackson tried but failed to trade a defiant Kobe--report Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. LOS ANGELES, California, United States of America -- Phil Jackson painted Kobe Bryant as a pampered star who 
Massu gets first win in Vienna Olympic champion Nicolas Massu finally recorded his first win in Vienna yesterday, eliminating Slovak Karol Kucera in three sets at the euro682,750 (US\$845,908) ATP CA Trophy.
Kewell confident over fitness Harry Kewell says he will be fit for Liverpool #39;s match against Fulham this weekend after suffering a foot injury while playing for Australia.
Lippi sticks to his guns against Belarus Italy coach Marcello Lippi is sticking to his guns in a World Cup qualifier against Belarus Wednesday night despite Saturday #39;s shock defeat in Slovenia with 0-1, local media reported Tuesday.
US can clinch spot in final round of regional qualifying with win &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States national men #39;s soccer team has two games remaining in the semifinal round of regional-qualifying play for the 2006 World Cup, but to a man, the focus is on getting to the next round as soon as possible.
Cards #39; Rolen just happy to be on field Scott Rolen has been nursing a strained right calf muscle for the last month. But compared to his condition when the St. Louis Cardinals were last in the National 
 #39;Livestrong #39; runners back in race after protests When 10 Virginia Beach high school runners were disqualified after an Oct. 6 cross country meet for wearing those ubiquitous yellow Lance Armstrong  quot;Livestrong quot; cancer survivor support 
Arafat Relative Escapes Gaza Bomb Blast A top Palestinian security leader who is a relative of Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed when a car bomb exploded near his convoy in Gaza City, the latest sign of growing chaos as Israels planned Gaza pullout nears.
Iraqi Deputy PM pleads for aid Iraq #39;s Deputy Prime Minister pleaded with donors today to fulfill pledges of aid for the reconstruction of his war-ravaged nation.
US airstrikes leave 11 dead in Iraq FALLUJAH, Oct 12: US planes hammered guerilla positions in of Fallujah and Ramadi on Tuesday, killing 11 people, as the disarming of Shia militiamen gathered pace in Baghdad despite US warnings of internal rifts.
Arafat Relative Unhurt in Gaza Car Bombing JERUSALEM, Oct. 12 -- A top Palestinian security leader who is related to Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed Tuesday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City.
Beslan braces for revenge Tanik Koizev wanders through the burned-out gymnasium of the school where hundreds of hostages died during a terrifying siege in September.
Germany Deports Radical Long Sought by Turks The German police arrested an Islamic radical on Tuesday and deported him to Turkey, which has sought his extradition for years in connection with a failed terrorist attack.
Pakistan tests  #39;nuclear #39; missile: World News: Islamabad, Oct. 12 : Pakistan has tested a medium-range nuclear-capable missile which could hit targets deep in neighbouring India.
Babies found in Iraqi mass grave The bodies of women and children are exhumed in north Iraq, as investigators seek evidence against Saddam.
China rejects Taiwan talks appeal China rejects the Taiwan leader's call for peace talks and warns against moves towards independence.
China Crushes Peasant Protest, Turning 3 Friends Into Enemies Since China's peasantry began falling far behind the urban elite in the go-go 1990's, the countryside has been a font of unrest.
Davis takes six-shot lead at PGA Tour qualifying tournament England #39;s Brian Davis shot a 4-under 68 Sunday and moved out to a six-shot lead after the fifth round of the PGA Tour #39;s 90-hole qualifying tournament.
How Tax Bill Gave Business More and More It was the biggest free-for-all in corporate lobbying in nearly 20 years, and its final product was a tax bill with giveaways for almost every business.
Mexican-Americans Struggle for Jobs In a strange post-industrial twist, most people who have lost their jobs in the garment industry are first-generation Mexican women.
Economists: Bush, Kerry Job Plans Lacking WASHINGTON - President Bush says his economic policies, including billions of dollars in tax cuts, are helping to create new jobs. But not the millions he promised...
Bones Found in Purported Mob Graveyard NEW YORK - Investigators found the remains of two people believed to be former Mafia captains at a vacant lot apparently used for years as a graveyard for people ordered killed by the late mob boss John Gotti and other gangsters, authorities said.    Searchers recovered bones and other tissue in a shoe, ribs, a partial jaw and teeth and two personal items that led investigators to believe they had the remains of Bonanno crime family captains Philip Giaccone and Dominick Trinchera, law enforcement officials familiar with the dig said Tuesday on condition of anonymity...
Insurgent Alliance  Is Fraying  in Fallujah Relations are deteriorating among insurgents as local fighters negotiate to avoid a U.S.-led military offensive against Fallujah, while foreign fighters press to attack Americans and their Iraqi supporters.
Ex-Detainee Leading Pakistani Militants A former  prisoner at the U.S. Navy facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, thought to have forged ties with al Qaeda since his release is leading a militant band whose members kidnapped two Chinese engineers in a lawless region of Pakistan near the Afghan border.
Olympic Champion Massu Finally Wins in Vienna &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Barry Wood&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; VIENNA (Reuters) - Double Olympic champion Nicolas Massubattled for nearly three hours before overcoming Slovakqualifier Karol Kucera 6-4, 6-7, 6-4 Tuesday to claim his firstvictory in four attempts at the Vienna Trophy.&lt;/p&gt;
Clinton Lends His Voice to Kerry Campaign (AP) AP - President Clinton can't put his recovering heart into John Kerry's election effort out on the campaign trail, but he is using his voice to help in the final weeks of the race.
Franks Says U.S. Should Have Hired Iraqis (AP) AP - The United States should have quickly reformed the Iraqi army after most of its soldiers walked off the battlefield and got them "working for us," retired Gen. Tommy Franks said Tuesday.
Cheney: Iraq Could Have Been Arms Source (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, who acknowledged last week that Iraq had produced no weapons of mass destruction after 1991, said Tuesday that under Saddam Hussein the country likely could have served as a source of weapons for terrorists.
Edwards Tells Leno Theory on Bush 'Lump' (AP) AP - John Edwards has a theory about what was hidden underneath an unusual wrinkle that appeared on the back of President Bush's suit jacket during his first debate with John Kerry.
Jones, Lions can run, finally I #39;d write  quot;finally quot; 26 times for each of Kevin Jones #39; carries Sunday, but that would look stupid. After waiting six years for some sign, any sign, that the Lions could run 
Brazilian striker dies during Indian club match Brazilian striker Cristiano de Lima Jr died yesterday after collapsing on the field during a domestic club tournament in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
THE WESTERN FRONT Tomorrow night President Bush and John Kerry take the stage together for the final time before Nov. 2. This debate will focus on domestic issues, so it was supposed to be the one Mr.
Excerpts talk of  #39;psychological war #39; -- and truce LOS ANGELES -- Former Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant at times a  quot;psychological war quot; and sought to trade Bryant in January, according to Jackson #39;s diary, an excerpt of which will be published in next week #39;s 
Rocco and his brothers Jos Manuel Barroso, president-designate of the European commission, has a crisis on his hands. The former Portuguese prime minister won plaudits in the summer for picking his Brussels team without bending to the will of powerful EU governments.
Great White Shark Gets Protection Oct. 12, 2004 - The great white shark won a bid for protection Tuesday as parties to a global wildlife treaty determined the world #39;s most ferocious deep-sea predator was under threat from excessive and unregulated trade.
Intel Fuels Asian Stocks; Oil Down (Reuters) Reuters - Shares in tech bellwethers Intel\Corp. and Yahoo Inc. rose in after-hours trade on upbeat\earnings reports, driving Asian shares higher Wednesday as oil\prices retreated from record highs.
Afghanistan Set to Start Counting Votes (Reuters) Reuters - Afghanistan was set to start counting\votes on Wednesday from a historic presidential election after\several candidates backed off from declaring the poll illegal.
Columbus' Tomb Opened on Anniversary (AP) AP - Roman Catholic officials opened a tomb said to contain the remains of Christopher Columbus as part of an annual ceremony Tuesday, a day after the Dominican government denied a Spanish request to conduct DNA tests to determine which country has the navigator's true remains.
Intel Fuels Asian Stocks; Oil Down  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Shares in tech bellwethers Intel  Corp. and Yahoo Inc. rose in after-hours trade on upbeat  earnings reports, driving Asian shares higher Wednesday as oil  prices retreated from record highs.
Japan Stocks Firm by Midday After Intel  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose 0.55 percent by  midsession on Wednesday as some techs including Advantest Corp.  gained ground after Wall Street reacted positively to results  from Intel Corp. released after the U.S. market close.
Retailers Finding a Market Downtown In downtown Washington, once synonymous with the demise of urban retail, upscale men's clothier Jos. A. Bank has beaten internal sales predictions by 15 percent one year after opening. And developers are putting the final touches on a 275,000-square-foot shopping complex with five national chains.
Airport Security Screeners Overworked The nation's 45,000 federal airport security screeners suffer from low morale, understaffing and excessive overtime, according to a new report by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general.
FCC Proposes  Fine Against Fox TV The Federal Communications Commission Tuesday proposed a record-setting \$1.2 million fine against 169 Fox television stations  for an April 2003 broadcast of "Married by America" that featured whipped-cream-covered strippers and digitally obscured nudity. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Textile Makers Fight for Limits  The U.S. textile industry said yesterday that it is formally asking the Bush administration to cap China's shipments of trousers, shirts, sheets and other textile items to the United States, warning that an expected flood of Chinese imports next year will otherwise wipe out thousands of American jobs.
US stocks rebound, close with narrow loss US stocks rebound on sharp drop in oil prices to close with just a narrow loss. Wall Street drew support from upbeat earnings news from Johnson  amp; Johnson and Merrill Lynch.
Pocketing sales-tax receipts pays off A bill expected to get President Bush #39;s signature soon would allow Florida taxpayers to deduct sales tax on their federal income tax forms.
Inside Politics  quot;We may be about to experience an election unlike any we #39;ve seen in a while, quot; John Fund writes at www.OpinionJournal.
Woolies, Coles to compete for ALH COLES Myer will belatedly enter the takeover contest for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality today with a bid that will trump arch-rival Woolworths.
FTC Files First Federal Lawsuit Against Spyware Federal authorities have asked a US District Court judge to shut down an operation that they said installed intrusive spyware on people #39;s computers and then sold the victims anti-spyware software 
Dell Adds VGA Screen To New Axim Pocket PC #39;s Dell unveiled three new Axim handheld computers that combine the latest PDA technology in a dual-slot design. As part of the redesign of their Pocket PCs, Dell added a VGA screen (640x480) to the top of the line Axim X50v.
All the new Media Center PCs Bill Gates is giving his big speech right now at Microsofts big Digital Entertainment Anywhere event in Los Angeles. Well have a proper report for you soon, but in the meantime we figured wed 
Red Sox rally falls short They came out wanting to set a tone. They wanted to keep the hostile crowd of 56,135 as quiet as possible. More than anything, the Red Sox wanted to jump out front in this 
Americans can advance to regional finals with victory Into the regional finals of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, that is. The Americans lead their group with eight points off two wins and two ties.
A failure to communicate No, these aren #39;t allegations against University of Florida football players; they #39;re allegations against the University of Florida football coach.
Iraq welcomes UN nuclear inspectors to return In response to concerns of the disappearance of nuclear materials, Iraqi Science and Technology Minister Rashad Omar told the press Tuesday that UN nuclear inspectors are welcome to return.
US bid to resolve Iran standoff The Bush administration says it will host a meeting of G8 diplomats this week in Washington in a bid to resolve a nuclear impasse with Iran.
The latest developments in Iraq US troops went on the offensive from the gates of Baghdad to the Syrian border, pounding Sunni insurgent positions from the air and supporting Iraqi soldiers in raids on mosques suspected of harboring extremists.
Microsoft releases fixes for seven  #39;critical #39; vulnerabilities OCTOBER 12, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. #39;s monthly patch release cycle may be making it more predictable for users to deploy software updates, but there appears to be little letup in the number of holes being discovered in the company #39;s software 
IBM enhances support for ISVs The new initiative will automate and simplify the process for independent software vendors to become IBM business partners, according to a statement.
NHL fines Thrashers owner 250-thousand NEW YORK The NHL is fining one of the owners of the Atlanta Thrashers 250-thousand dollars for saying the league would use replacement players next year if a new collective bargaining agreement isn #39;t reached.
Bush Health Savings Accounts Slow to Gain Acceptance So far employers and their workers have been slow to accept health savings accounts as an alternative to conventional health insurance.
Yahoo profit more than triples Internet media company Yahoo reported its quarterly profit more than tripled from the year earlier, boosted by stronger online advertising and its acquisition of Overture Services.
S.E.C. Inquiry on Circulation at Newspapers Said to Widen More than six newspaper companies have received letters from the Securities and Exchange Commission seeking information about their circulation practices.
Problems at Lending Unit Put Merrill Lynch on the Spot Merrill Lynch returned to the business of lending to wealthy clients and got burned again.
Chipmaker Has Profit (and a Glut) Intel reported its third-quarter profit rose 15 percent from a year earlier, though it continued to struggle with an inventory glut.
U2 pitches for Apple com October 12, 2004, 3:15 PM PT. It was a beautiful day for Apple Computer on Tuesday, as the company kicked off a new advertising campaign featuring rock superstars U2.
MSN Messenger hit with outage, virus Microsoft acknowledged on Monday it continued to battle a technical glitch that prevented MSN users from logging on to the service #39;s instant-messaging system, MSN Messenger, for the past three days.
Jackson tells of wanting to trade Bryant Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant at times a  quot;psychological war quot; and sought to trade his star guard in January, according to a diary of the former Lakers coach.
Soccer: Yellow card row leaves Beckham facing red card from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAKU : David Beckham is set to be hauled over the coals by English football authorities over his admission that he deliberately fouled an opponent to earn himself a convenient booking in last week #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales.
Olympic champion Massu gets win in Vienna _ Olympic champion Nicolas Massu defeated Karol Kucera 6-4, 6-7 (5), 6-4 at the CA Trophy tournament on Tuesday. In the final set, the second-seeded Massu broke Kucera #39;s serve at 2-all and then closed out the match.
Rojo is Smashing Baby! \\Since we launched at Web2  last week there has been a log of great feedback\about Rojo .  \\First off is this *great* new Austin Power logo from Constantin Basturea \\Smashing Baby!\\On the subject of eye candy check out the CafePress store  that Chris  put\together.  Very hip indeed!\\I might get this for my girlfriend:\\... and this for my backpack:\\We've been getting a lot of great feedback.  Thanks to everyone  for helping\us out during our beta trial!\\We even have our first Rojo external plugin :\\"My room mate, Dylan Parker, has just released a plugin for FireFox named\JustBlogIt. JustBlogIt is a Mozilla / Firefox extension that allows easy\right-click posting to a weblog. It a ...\\
Intel Posts Higher Profit, Sales Computer-chip maker Intel Corp. said yesterday that earnings for its third quarter were \$1.9 billion -- up 15 percent from the same quarter a year ago -- but the company cautioned that computer 
International finale at RFK? With RFK Stadium being transformed into a baseball stadium for at least the next three years to house the former Montreal Expos, tonight #39;s World Cup qualifier between Panama and the United States 
After 19 Seasons, Larkin Leaving Reds  CINCINNATI (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Reds announced  at a Tuesday afternoon press conference that they will not be  re-signing veteran shortstop Barry Larkin for 2005.
Olympic Champion Massu Finally Wins in Vienna  VIENNA (Reuters) - Double Olympic champion Nicolas Massu  battled for nearly three hours before overcoming Slovak  qualifier Karol Kucera 6-4, 6-7, 6-4 Tuesday to claim his first  victory in four attempts at the Vienna Trophy.
N.H.L. Owner Is Criticized for Talking of Replacement Players The day before the regular season was supposed to open, the N.H.L. rebuked a team official for his comments about the league's strategy in its labor lockout.
Seattle Storm Wins W.N.B.A. Title Over Sun Betty Lennox scored 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first W.N.B.A. title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun on Tuesday night.
Report Faults Military Technology in Iraq War  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Front-line U.S. troops often lacked  access to surveillance and intelligence data during the  invasion of Iraq because of computer glitches, Technology  Review magazine reported on Tuesday, citing a report by Rand  Corp.
Affidavit claims CAO knew of losses By Francesco Guerrera in Hong Kong and John Burton in Singapore. China Aviation Oil last month told investors that this year #39;s earnings would exceed its 2003 result, although it had already been hit by \$232 
Cisco to Sell Routers with Fujitsu Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest maker of gear to direct Internet traffic, said on Sunday Japanese computer and electronics provider Fujitsu Ltd.
Olympus to Launch Hard Disc Portable Music Player  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese precision equipment maker  Olympus Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7733.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7733.T&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday it would launch a  portable music player equipped with a hard disc drive, entering  an increasingly crowded field now dominated by Apple Computer's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; iPod.
He's Got Games Bing Gordon is 53, happily married, two daughters. In other words, he is not what you expect when imagining the hard-core computer gamer who's awake at 3 a.m., living it up on Earth   Beyond, an online role-playing sci-fi galaxy reminiscent of the Final Frontier. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Yahoo Profit Surges on Sales of Ads, Google Stock Yahoo Inc. reported yesterday that its profit more than tripled in the third quarter as the Internet service recorded substantial increases in advertising and a giant gain from the sale of part of its stake in rival Google Inc.
Airport Security Screeners Overworked, Report Says The nation's 45,000 federal airport security screeners suffers from low morale, understaffing and excessive overtime, according to a new report by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general.
Haywood Looks to End Wizards center Brendan Haywood worked hard in the offseason to improve enough to play in the fourth quarter of close games this season.
Nicklaus Looks Ahead Jack Nicklaus was as stunned as anyone by the outcome of the Ryder Cup, and he will captain the U.S. team in the Presidents Cup at Robert Trent Jones Golf Club in September.
Rix Out, Not Forgotten As Florida State quarterback Chris Rix returns to health, Coach Bobby Bowden will again start sophomore Wyatt Sexton in Saturday night's game against sixth-ranked Virginia.
Walker Is at Home Going into Saturday's game against undefeated Navy at Giants Stadium, Notre Dame's Darius Walker has averaged 87.2 rushing yards and scored three TDs in five games.
DreamWorks announces IPO plan to raise \$725m DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc.,whose latest animation hit  quot;Shark Tale  quot; ruled North America box office for the past weeks, announced Tuesday plans for an initial public stock 
Microsoft's Media Center packs sticker shocker The software giant prices the software somewhere between Windows XP Home and Windows XP Pro, CNET News.com has learned.
State of the Search Marketing Industry Danny Sullivan's wide-ranging keynote address at Search Engine Strategies San Jose prodded several raw nerves in the industry, sparing neither search marketers nor the search engines themselves, reports Andrew Goodman. 
Mussina, Matsui Lead Yankees Past Red Sox (Reuters) Reuters - Mike Mussina retired the first 19\batters he faced and Hideki Matsui drove in five runs as the
News: Patriot Act tour carried a hefty price tag U.S. Attorney General Ashcroft spent \$200,000 of taxpayer money promoting the embattled surveillance law coast-to-coast. \
F.T.C. Files First Lawsuit Against Spyware Concerns The Federal Trade Commission is going after spyware, bits of computer code that install themselves on the computers of Internet users to track or disrupt their online activities.
9 Die in Japan Suicides Tied to Web In Japan, nine people were found asphyxiated in two cars in pacts the police said were facilitated by Internet suicide sites.
Oracle Isn't Trying to Bury Rival, Executive Testifies The co-president of Oracle testified that her company was serious about its takeover offer for PeopleSoft and was not trying to scare off its customers.
Philips Posts Best Quarterly Results in Four Years Often pigeonholed as just a seller of televisions and DVD players, Royal Philips Electronics said third-quarter profit surged despite a slide into the red by its consumer electronics division.
Yahoo Tripled Profits in Quarter, Thanks to Google Shares The \$253 million profit by Yahoo met analysts expectations and included \$129 million related to its sale of shares in Google.
Russia ready to sell major Yukos field The battle between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Yukos, the country #39;s largest oil producer, intensified Tuesday after government officials announced plans to sell the company #39;s key energy fields at rock-bottom prices.
Murdoch #39;s goodbye to Wapping print Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation is to close its Wapping printing site with the loss of up to 700 jobs and spend more than 600m on three new plants in Enfield, Glasgow and Liverpool.
Algonquin Power, Microcell, Telus: Canadian Equity Preview The following is a list of companies whose shares may make gains or losses in the Canadian market. This preview includes news that broke after markets closed Tuesday.
Investors Flock to Web Networking Sites (AP) AP - Internet whiz kids Marc Andreessen, Josh Kopelman and Joe Kraus share something in common besides reaping huge jackpots during the dot-com boom.
Beltran causes Cardinals concern Not to the Astros, not to the St. Louis Cardinals and certainly not to the Atlanta Braves, who saw firsthand what kind of impact he can have by feasting on the league #39;s best pitching staff during the National League Division Series.
Olympus to Launch Hard Disc Portable Music Player (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese precision equipment maker\Olympus Corp. (7733.T) said on Wednesday it would launch a\portable music player equipped with a hard disc drive, entering\an increasingly crowded field now dominated by Apple Computer's\ iPod.
FTC Sues Spyware Suspects (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Federal authorities have asked a federal judge to shut down an operation that they said installed intrusive "spyware" on people's computers and then sold anti-spyware software to those same victims, a top consumer protection official said Tuesday.
IBM brings high-end storage functions to midrange (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - IBM on Tuesday announced two new storage products  #8211; upper midrange and high-end disk arrays designed for ease of use and lower cost. The DS6000 and DS8000 feature higher physical storage capacities, a modular architecture, and additional visualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
U.S. Shuttles May Resume ISS Flights in May (Reuters) Reuters - The United States'\grounded Space Shuttle fleet may resume flights to the\International Space Station next May or June, a senior ISS\official said Tuesday.
Researchers to Study Yellowstone Cutthroat (AP) AP - Researchers from the University of Wyoming are trying to determine why the cutthroat trout population in Yellowstone National Park continues to decline and what steps can be taken to preserve the native fish.
Arafat Relative Attacked, Escapes Unhurt (AP) AP - A top Palestinian security leader and relative of Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed when a car bomb exploded near his convoy in Gaza City, the latest sign of growing chaos as Israel's planned Gaza pullout nears. Israel, meanwhile, expanded its military operation in northern Gaza.
Japan's troubled Daiei considering seeking aid from government body (AFP) AFP - Debt-ridden Japanese retailer Daiei is considering seeking help from a state-backed corporate body, reversing an earlier reluctance after pressure from its creditors, officials said.
China angrily rejects Taiwan's peace overture (AFP) AFP - China angrily rejected Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian's peace overtures, saying Beijing's stance was unchanged and warning that Chen risked  quot;great catastrophe quot; by pushing for independence.
Bush, Kerry Looking for Edge in Debate (AP) AP - Running even just 20 days before the election, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are looking for any edge in their third and final debate Wednesday night.
Bush, Kerry to square off in last debate (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry go head-to-head for the final time in their knife-edge election battle, with their final televised debate.
Alabama to Vote on Segregation Language (AP) AP - Fifty years after the U.S. Supreme Court decision outlawing school segregation, an Alabama law mandating racially separate classrooms is still on the books.
China Spurns Taiwan President's Peace Overture  BEIJING (Reuters) - China spurned Taiwan President Chen  Shui-bian's peace overtures Wednesday, accusing him of only  paying lip service to easing tensions.
Bush, Kerry Looking for Edge in Debate SANTA FE, N.M. - Running even just 20 days before the election, President Bush and Sen...
Sectarian Tensions Simmer in Lebanon The arrest last month of Neameh Qayssamani, a newly elected member of the municipal council in Lebanon, and dozens of other men in the Chouf Mountains recalled a fearful time most people believed had passed forever.
Japan's Wide Role in Afghanistan    Japan's Foreign Ministry spokesman,    Hatsuhisa Takashima , said here last week that his country had been active in the rebuilding of Afghanistan.
A Focused Senator, But Indecisive Candidate John Kerry has lurched from course to course during his presidential campaign, periodically switching drivers and roadmaps -- and messages -- as he reacts to more and more information and advice.
Bollor ups Havas stake to 20.2 Corporate raider Vincent Bollor said yesterday he had raised his stake in French advertising group Havas to 20.2 as Alain de Pouzilhac, Havas #39;s chairman, rounded on him for keeping his real intentions secret.
Blatter Blasts Beckham over Booking FIFA president Sepp Blatter has strongly condemned David Beckhams decision to seek a yellow card during Englands clash with Wales on Saturday.
China spurns Taiwan presidents peace overtures China spurned Taiwan President Chen Shui-bians peace overtures on Wednesday and said that his calls for easing tensions were false.
Sinai Bedouins Targeted in Egypt Attacks (AP) AP - Salem Hameed has lived in his tin-and-wood hut at the foot of the red mountain range for most of his 42 years. Asked where he's from, his answer is not Egypt or Sinai or Taba, but al-Karadma  #151; the name of his clan.
Slobodan Milosevic's Trial Resumes (AP) AP - The defense of Slobodan Milosevic resumed Tuesday, even as an appeals panel of the U.N. war crimes tribunal considered the former Yugoslav president's request to fire his court-appointed lawyer and let him represent himself again.
China Spurns Taiwan President's Peace Overture  BEIJING (Reuters) - China spurned Taiwan President Chen  Shui-bian's peace overtures Wednesday, accusing him of merely  paying lip service to easing tensions between the two arch  foes.
Reseller Selling Standalone Windows Media Center Software At least one vendor is selling OEM copies of Microsoft #39;s new Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 operating system online, possibly exploiting a loophole in Microsoft #39;s contracts.
Intel pumps up third-quarter profit SANTA CLARA, Calif.Driven by demand for flash-memory chips used in cellphones, Intel Corp. #39;s third-quarter profits rose as the chip-making giant struggled to overcome lacklustre PC sales, growing inventory, product missteps and stiff competition.
Gannett Says Its Net Profit Jumped 11 By Reuters. The Gannett Company yesterday reported an 11 percent jump in quarterly net profit on advertising sales gains at its newspapers and broadcast television stations.
Grapefruit crop to be smallest since 1938 Citrus growers will harvest the smallest crop since 1993 because of three hurricanes that ravaged the state and damaged groves locally and statewide, the Florida Department of Citrus said Tuesday.
PayPal users still stranded as site glitch continues OCTOBER 12, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - A routine monthly code update performed Friday for the PayPal.com online payment Web site has caused havoc for users, many of whom have managed to access the site only intermittently since the changes were made 
Blaze Sub Sister Vessels Suspended from Service By Jennifer Hill and Kim Pilling, Scottish Press Association. Canada has suspended three of its former Royal Navy submarines from service after last weeks fatal blaze on a fourth vessel.
Oil prices decline sharply Oil prices fell sharply yesterday after briefly passing \$54 a barrel amid nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption.
FTC asks court to halt a spyware operation The Federal Trade Commission has asked a US District Court to shut down a computer spyware operation. The FTC said Tuesday the operation hijacks computers, secretly changes their 
Big loss for Cablevision Cablevision #39;s MSG Network and Fox Sports NY will lose big ad bucks and be forced to cut the prices they charge cable and satellite companies now that the Mets have walked away to start their own channel, media insiders said yesterday.
Size of Florida citrus crop expected to fall significantly Florida will have the smallest orange crop in a decade after a series of hurricanes blew fruit off trees and flooded groves in the state that produces 75 percent of the nation #39;s citrus, a federal forecast released Tuesday shows.
Banks strengthen market on record breaking day The Australian share market continues to go from strength to strength with another record breaking day. The All Ordinaries hit its peak late, up almost seven points to close at 3,734.
Aggressive market hits Big Food sales Takeover target Big Food Group says aggressive competition among food sellers drove down second-quarter sales by 3.3 percent, sparking fears its suitor might drop its bid price.
PetroCan CEO shrugs off risk of Gazprom deal CALGARY - Petro-Canada chief executive Ron Brenneman yesterday dismissed the risks of investing in Russia, a day after reaching a major deal with state-owned gas producer Gazprom.
10 security fixes are released by Microsoft Microsoft Corp. released 10 security fixes for various products yesterday, including seven that fix flaws the company said pose the highest threat to users.
IBM unveils new arms in EMC war Stung by its loss of market share to Hopkinton #39;s EMC Corp., IBM Corp. fought back yesterday with a pair of major new data storage offerings, including 
Technical problems subside at online payment service PayPal SAN JOSE, Calif. The online payment service PayPal says it #39;s been able to fix most of the technical problems that have plagued the company for the past five days.
Microsoft to begin music download service in Japan Microsoft Corp will begin its music download service in Japan with an initial offering of 50,000 songs, a spokeswoman for the US software giant #39;s online service unit said on Wednesday.
JVC signs up to Blu-ray A HARDWARE from the Land of the Rising Sun, JVC, has signed up to the Blu-ray format and joined the Blu-ray Disc Association. Although the public commitment to the next generation DVD standard is new, JVC 
Motorola and Mastercard begin  quot;credit card quot; phone trials Later this year, a few hundred US residents will be testing two such product lines made by Motorola that use MasterCard #39;s PayPass wireless payment system, according to Motorola.
Firing may aid PeopleSoft in defending  #39;poison pill #39; Unceremoniously dumping CEO Craig Conway may help PeopleSoft Inc. successfully defend its  quot;poison pill quot; anti-takeover measures in court against would-be acquirer, Oracle Corp.
Hanson sweeps to sixth victory Australia #39;s Brooke Hanson won a record sixth gold medal at one swimming World Short Course Championships. She saw off American Amanda Beard #39;s challenge to take the 200m breaststroke title in Indianapolis in a time of two minutes and 21.
Brit GP on  #39;05 calendar - reports The track-owning BRDC ultimately gambled on making a loss next year by succumbing to Ecclestone #39;s proposed race fee. The only sticking point now is the duration of a new contract -- Bernie wants to renegotiate 
Storm wins WNBA title, beating Connecticut 74-60 Betty Lennox and the Seattle Storm gave the city its first major professional sports title in 25 years -- and made Anne Donovan the first female championship coach in WNBA history.
Astros don #39;t bank on recent success vs. Cards ST. LOUIS - Houston was the only team to win a regular-season series from the St. Louis Cardinals. The Astros also are in position to become the third consecutive National League wild-card team to advance to the World Series.
Final round within reach for Americans WASHINGTON -- The heavy lifting has been done. The long plane rides to exotic lands and the tough nights on the road playing in front of raucous crowds are a memory for now.
Willie, Minaya GM Omar Minaya intends to speak with Yankees bench coach Willie Randolph and Dodgers field coordinator Terry Collins about the Mets #39; vacant managerial position, and got permission 
McGrady, Yao set for first NBA exhibition game in China Tracy McGrady is more than willing to trade individual statistics for victories with Yao Ming and the Houston Rockets.  quot;I #39;m really not concerned about that, quot; McGrady said Wednesday.
Dark arenas greet season The NHL lockout has robbed Tampa Bay Lightning fans of the chance to see their first Stanley Cup banner unveiled at the St. Petes Times Forum tonight in what should have been their team #39;s season opener.
Jackson book rips Kobe Now comes former coach Phil Jackson #39;s  quot;The Last Season: A Team in Search of Its Soul, quot; a diary of the Lakers #39; 2003-04 season (which ended in the NBA Finals loss to the Pistons).
Ex-Guantanamo prisoner leading militant group Islamabad, Pakistan -- A former Guantanamo prisoner thought to have forged ties with al-Qaida since his release is leading a militant band whose members have strapped explosives on two Chinese engineers they kidnapped in a lawless region near the 
Iraq wants reconstruction funding accelerate The international donors from 55 international organization and countries have gathered for two-days meeting in Tokyo. Approximately \$14 billion were promised by foreign givers in last years gathering in Madrid.
Japanese police: 9 suicides may be part of Web pact TOKYO -- Nine people were found dead in two rented vehicles Tuesday, with the windows sealed and charcoal burners at their feet, in what police are calling modern Japan #39;s largest suicide pact.
Navy docks sub fleet A military probe #39;s secret findings on the fire that crippled HMCS Chicoutimi has propelled the navy to dock its four second-hand submarines indefinitely.
Straw withdraws WMD Claims Foreign Secretary Jack Straw revealed on Tuesday that British spy masters have formally withdrawn the claims that Iraqi troops had the capability of producing chemical and biological weapons on 45 minutes notice, the key justification used by the US and 
Italian FM slams EU lawmakers for Buttiglione vote LONDON : Italy #39;s Foreign Minister Franco Frattini has slammed the refusal by European lawmakers to endorse Italy #39;s candidate for justice commissioner because of his views on gays as an attack on Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and his centre 
TAIWAN WILL PATIENTLY WAIT FOR GOODWILL RESPONSE FROM BEIJING: MAC Taipei, Oct. 13 (CNA) The Republic of China government will patiently wait for a goodwill response from mainland China to its peace overture, Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) Vice Chairman Chiu Tai-san said Wednesday.
An opening night shortfall NEW YORK -- Tracing the tracks of their tears back to the ballpark in the Bronx where all the horrible things happened last October, the Red Sox returned to the American League Championship Series last night, fell behind, 8-0, then rallied mightily before again succumbing to the Yankees, 10-7.
For Rivera, day of tragedy and triumph Of course he would be here. Yankees closer Mariano Rivera understands duty and obligation. He has been the most dominant closer in baseball for the past decade, a lofty title that is impossible to achieve unless you are a person who is rich in confidence, poise, and responsibility.
A statement, Sox declare The gloom of seeing their ace bounced after just three innings, his shortest outing in three years, was worsened by the knowledge that the Curt Schilling who had carried them all season might not be seen again this October.
Chances of a goodwill gesture are shaky Veteran outfielder Larry Walker, a proud son of Maple Ridge, British Columbia, dropped a little bit of Canadian hockey heritage into America's pastime when his Cardinals played the Dodgers in the National League Division Series.
Wakefield works out the kinks The silver lining on a dark cloud of a night wasn't the result, but rather the work.
4 K's spell trouble for Damon He has played 1,426 games in the major leagues (1,407 in the regular season and 19 in the playoffs) and Johnny Damon did something last night he had never before done: He struck out four times.
He'll let actions speak Since Pedro Martinez wasn't talking, leave it to Kevin Millar to clear that up.
It isn't a bad alternative Subtract the well-documented history, the combativeness, the dislike among the fans, the T-shirt controversy, and the proximity of the cities, and there's virtually no difference between the Houston-St. Louis NLCS and the Boston-New York ALCS.
Patriots on the lookout for a time-share When it comes to timing, the Patriots can't get a break. When they were making their great stretch drive through the best teams in the NFL last winter on their way to winning their second Super Bowl in three years, they often were overshadowed by a team not even playing at the time.
US has a goal in its sights A win over Panama and the United States is in. Into the regional finals of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, that is. The Americans lead their group with 8 points off two wins and two ties. By beating the Panamanians tonight at RFK Stadium, the US squad will secure a spot in the final six of CONCACAF ...
Bryant, Jackson at 'psychological war' Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant at times a  quot;psychological war quot; and sought to trade his star guard in January, according to a diary by the former Lakers coach.
Storm scuttles Sun Betty Lennox had another huge night, scoring 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first WNBA title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun last night.
Facing rocky road? Rocky Hager says give him at least a half-hour and he'll tell you how much he's enjoyed his stay in Boston as coach of the Northeastern football team.
Dedham's victory sweet What a difference four weeks can make. The last time Bay State Conference field hockey powers Walpole and Dedham met, Walpole sent the Marauders packing with their first loss of the season, 5-3. But yesterday it was Walpole that was unable to preserve a blemish-free loss column, as host Dedham prevailed, 2-1.
Wheaton has a foothold The Wheaton men's and women's soccer teams are ranked No. 1 in New England among NCAA Division 3 teams and the women, coached by Luis Reis , have the distinction of a No. 1 national ranking the past two weeks.
Transactions BASEBALL Cincinnati (NL): Announced P Mike Matthews and P Aaron Myette refused outright assignment to Louisville (IL). Cleveland (AL): Declined to pick up the option on SS Omar Vizquel. Montreal (NL): Released P Dan Smith. Pittsburgh (NL): Released P Nelson Figueroa.
It's Blackmon's busy season Will Blackmon anchors the Boston College secondary as the resident shut-down cornerback, but it is by no means his only contribution to the Eagles. Blackmon also returns kickoffs and punts, and is so proficient that he leads the nation in kickoff returns with an average of 35.8 yards. One of his returns was a spectacular 96-yard touchdown against Ball State ...
Tonight's key New England game WEST VIRGINIA (4-1) at UCONN (4-1) When and where: Tonight, 7:30, at East Hartford TV/radio: ESPN. Last season: Did not play. Comments: This is the first meeting on the gridiron for these programs. The Huskies lead the Big East in total offense with 424.2 yards a game and are second in defense, only allowing 268 yards a game. Senior quarterback ...
Same dates at Norton How can the golfing fraternity not be excited over the PGA Tour's return to the TPC of Boston over Labor Day weekend next year? Not after this year's tournament caused such drama when Vijay Singh shot a 16-under-par 268 for a 3-shot victory over Tiger Woods and Adam Scott to take the World No. 1 ranking away from Woods who ...
Religious Meeting in Indonesia Aims to Blunt Radicals  YOGYAKARTA, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia's president  will open an international religious conference in the world's  most populous Muslim nation on Monday aimed at sending a  message of moderation in the region's battle against violent  religious radicalism.
BoE's King warns of bleaker times The UK's years of low inflation and falling unemployment may be over, Bank of England Governor Mervyn King warns.
Financial lessons Jane Christo is gone, but the lessons that brought an end to her long reign at WBUR should not be lost on Boston University itself -- particularly as it looks for a new president.
IBM unveils new arms in EMC war Stung by its loss of market share to Hopkinton's EMC Corp. , IBM Corp. fought back yesterday with a pair of major new data storage offerings, including one that occupies less than one-twentieth as much space as EMC's rival Clariion storage system.
For \$117m, Iron Mountain adds unit to store bits as well as boxes Boston information management giant Iron Mountain Inc. , a leader in the archiving and backup of business records, accelerated its push into the digital market yesterday with an agreement to buy Framingham's Connected Corp. for \$117 million in cash.
State Street says it will cut 425 jobs State Street Corp. said it will eliminate 425 jobs as a cost-cutting move after the financial firm yesterday reported a weak third quarter in which earnings fell 13 percent because of a sharp drop-off in lending and trading activities in securities markets.
Fla. orange crop to be the smallest in a decade Florida will have the smallest orange crop in a decade after a series of hurricanes blew fruit off trees and flooded groves in the state that produces 75 percent of the nation's citrus, a federal forecast released yesterday shows.
Insurer acquires 330 Stuart St. for \$28m Liberty Mutual Group, the second-largest international insurer based in the United States, bought an office and retail building across the street from its headquarters in Boston for about \$28 million. The building, at 330 Stuart St., has 105,000 square feet of space, Liberty Mutual said. The seller was the Massachusetts Higher Education Assistance Corp. Liberty Mutual plans to renovate the ...
Legal setback for music industry The Supreme Court yesterday declined to examine a lower-court ruling that forces music industry investigators to file a lawsuit to uncover the identities of people who may be copying their songs online.
Crackdown urged on copyright piracy A federal task force has recommended expanded investigative and prosecutorial powers to combat intellectual property theft ranging from counterfeit drugs to swapping songs over the Internet.
Short-term T-bill rates lower Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities fell in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.68 percent, down from 1.69 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 1.96 percent, down from 1.99 percent.
Germany Softens Stance on Sending Troops to Iraq  BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said Wednesday it could not rule  out sending troops to Iraq, dropping its firm refusal to  consider any deployment to the country whose invasion last year  it staunchly opposed.
UK viewers taking control of TV More than 15 million homes in the UK will be able to get on-demand movies by 2008, say analysts.
Push to win over net 'refuseniks' Business and charities in the UK have joined forces to persuade more people to go online.
Mobile phone Lotto plan unveiled National Lottery players will be able to buy their tickets on their mobile phones, operator Camelot will announce.
Saddam Fit and Well After Hernia Operation  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saddam Hussein underwent a hernia  operation at a U.S.-run hospital inside Baghdad's Green Zone  two weeks ago and has made a full recovery, a U.S. military  official said Wednesday.
Israeli Missile Kills Hamas Militant in Gaza-Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter gunship fired a  missile near a house during fighting in the northern Gaza Strip  Wednesday, killing a Hamas militant, medics said.
Funds seek Disney change Four major pension funds, including the California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, said Tuesday that they will push for shareholders to be able to nominate up 
FEC May Regulate Web Political Activity (AP) AP - With political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the Internet, it may just be a matter of time before the Federal Election Commission joins the action.
Milosevic Protests as Trial Defense Resumes (Reuters) Reuters - Slobodan Milosevic's war crimes trial\resumed after a month-long break on Tuesday with the former\Yugoslav president still at loggerheads with judges over his\demand to run his own defense despite his ill health.
Jackson anger over Eminem video Michael Jackson asks TV stations to stop playing Eminem's new video, which ridicules the pop legend.
Mourning period over siege at Russian school concludes BESLAN, Russia -- Wailing and pounding their hands on dirt graves, hundreds of people dressed in black marked the end of the traditional 40-day mourning period for the children and adults killed after terrorists seized a school on the first day of classes.
Romania says it had role in Holocaust BUCHAREST -- President Ion Iliescu yesterday admitted Romania's complicity in the Holocaust, ending decades of denial that hundreds of thousands of Jews were killed in the country when it was an ally of Nazi Germany.
US, Iraqi troops target resistance in Sunni Triangle BAGHDAD -- US Marines and Iraqi troops raided several mosques in resistance strongholds west of Fallujah yesterday, in a broad offensive just days before the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Militant leader was held in Cuba ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A former prisoner at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, thought to have forged ties with Al Qaeda since his release is leading a militant band whose members have strapped explosives on two Chinese engineers they kidnapped in a lawless region near the Afghanistan border.
Real estate bargain ends for US envoy MOSCOW -- Russia and the United States have agreed to a new lease for the US ambassador's lavish Moscow residence after Russia complained he paid less than \$3 a year for it, officials announced yesterday. The annual rent for Spaso House in central Moscow was set in rubles in 1985, but the currency's value plummeted by 99.9 percent after the ...
Mourning and Anger at School Caught Up in Terrorism The 40th day since the siege of Middle School No. 1 in Beslan, Russia, brought forth a fresh outpouring of pain. It also laid bare some of the darker emotions, like vengeance.
Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Pleads for Aid TOKYO - Iraq's deputy leader pleaded with donors Wednesday to fulfill their promises of aid to help rebuild his war-ravaged nation, and accused the United Nations of failing to provide crucial support.    Of the \$13.6 billion in grants and loans promised last year by nations and lending institutions, only about \$1 billion has been deposited in World Bank and U.N...
Targets 'hamper recycling effort' Government policy is undermining  efforts to improve the UK's recycling record, a report by the charity Forum for the Future says.
For first time, US govt cracks down on spyware installers (AFP) AFP - The US government has moved for the first time to block unsolicited circulation on the Internet of spyware, a type of software that can inundate Web users with pop-up ads, secretly take control of their computers and spy on their online activities.
Tokyo Edge: New Choices in Digital Entertainment (PC World) PC World - PC and home theater make sleek package, while new portable music devices abound.
Oil prices fall sharply after rise WASHINGTON -- Oil prices fell sharply yesterday after briefly surpassing \$54 US a barrel despite nagging concerns that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant disruption of output.
Moscow plans partial Yukos sale The Russian Justice Ministry announced Tuesday that the Yukos oil company #39;s main production subsidiary, Yuganskneftegaz, had been evaluated at \$10.
Biologists Concerned About Bobwhite Quail (AP) AP - The bobwhite quail, which is disappearing in the Southeast, can make a comeback and add millions of dollars to the rural economy if landowners are willing to make changes in the way they manage their crops and timber to protect the birds' habitat, biologists say.
Crocodile Attack Renews Calls for Culls (AP) AP - A savage crocodile attack on a group of campers in northern Australia has sparked renewed calls for the partial lifting of a three-decade hunting ban aimed at saving the animals from extinction.
Iraq Visit Clears Way for Japan Troops to Stay On (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's defense minister was due to\return home on Monday from a flying visit to Iraq after\declaring the town of Samawa safe, setting the stage for the\government to extend its troops' humanitarian mission there.
Arafat says Palestinian state more likely with Netanyahu as PM In interview with Financial Times, PA chief says, With Sharon its much harder. Claims contacts with Sharon still held through his son MK Omri Sharon.
Father Denounces Hamdi's Imprisonment Yaser Esam Hamdi's father criticized the U.S. government for holding his son as an "enemy combatant" but praised the Supreme Court decision that led to Hamdi's release Monday.
Man Guilty in Case of Terror Ties A federal jury on Tuesday convicted a former businessman of lying about his ties to a terrorist leader, marking the second time Soliman S. Biheiri has been found guilty in a sprawling probe into whether Islamic charities in Northern Virginia were financing terrorist organizations.
No quit in resilient Red Sox com. As manager Terry Francona put it before this American League Championship Series began:  quot;These guys just like to play ball.
US Is One Win From Final Round Just as US national soccer team coach Bruce Arena had predicted many months ago, the semifinal round of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup has been riddled with treacherous road trips and perplexing 
Paypal delivers online payment woes MORE THAN five days of repairs have failed to fix a so called glitch in the computer systems of Paypal, the so called online payment outfit.
Kewell fit for Liverpool Socceroo Harry Kewell has played down any injury concerns that arose from Tuesday night #39;s Confederations Cup play-off victory over the Solomon Islands and declared himself fit to take his place in the Liverpool line-up this weekend.
Nine people dead in suspected suicide pact Nine people were found dead in two rented cars yesterday, with the windows sealed from the inside and charcoal burners at their feet, in what Japanese police are calling modern Japan #39;s largest suicide pact.
UK/Iraq: 45-minute claim withdrawn Mr Straw made the admission that MI6 (British intelligence) had finally abandoned its dramatic claim when he told British MPs that the Blair government still supported the 
EU panel opposes justice nominee A European Parliament committee has narrowly voted to oppose Italian Rocco Buttiglione as the EU #39;s next justice commissioner, officials say.
Unions Threaten to Extend Nigeria Strike ABUJA, Nigeria - Nigerian unions threatened to extend their nationwide general strike, which entered its third day on Wednesday, increasing concerns about production in Africa #39;s biggest oil-exporting nation.
YUKOS unit assets may be sold for back tax Russia oil company YUKOS assets may be sold partially by the Russian Justice Ministry in order to cover its outstanding tax bill. The selling-off will probably touch YUKOS main oil subsidiary Yuganskneftegaz.
Mets Decide the Time Is Right for a Cable Network of Their Own The Mets loved the idea of the Yankees #39; YES Network so much that they will start their own regional sports channel in 2006. The Mets announced yesterday that their partners will be Time 
UK Big Food:  #39;Trading has remained tough LONDON (CBS.MW) -- UK food supplier Big Food Group (UK:BFP) posted a 3.3 percent drop in same-store sales for the 13 weeks ending Oct. 1.  quot;Trading has remained tough in the food sector in recent months for 
Gas line measures approved WASHINGTON--Two of Alaska #39;s three major oil companies have offered cautious optimism about the potential for a North Slope natural gas pipeline under incentive packages approved Monday by Congress.
Microsoft tells users to patch 21 new flaws in Windows Microsoft on Tuesday issued 10 security advisories -even of them critical  -ing consumers and businesses to patch 21 new flaws in Windows software products.
A success in the pool and out Indianapolis, Oct. 12 - The pool where swimmers set four world records, where America #39;s most honored Olympic swimmer Jenny Thompson said goodbye, is all gone.
Baseball: Ex-Gold Glove winner Larkin cut loose by Cincinnati CINCINNATI, United States : Former all-star Barry Larkin, who has the longest tenure of any current player with one team, was cut loose by the Cincinnati Reds.
Yao takes coach on trip down memory lane The local newspapers had already spent several days building it up as The Return of the Legend - Yao Ming #39;s homecoming to China with the Rockets.
Jackson: I wanted Kobe out LOS ANGELES  The  quot;unavoidable quot; conflict between coach Phil Jackson and Kobe Bryant led Jackson to ask the Los Angeles Lakers to trade Bryant in January and hampered the team #39;s shot at the 2004 championship, Jackson wrote in a soon-to-be-released diary 
Sport funding major boon to coaches The coaches of high-performance athletes will benefit the most from the federal government #39;s announcement yesterday of how it will divide up \$19.
Program predicts cancer risks \A computer program can predict a woman's risk of breast or ovarian cancer with unprecedented accuracy.
Mets to have a new home on cable Time Warner Cable and Comcast Corporation announced on Tuesday that they had reached an agreement with Sterling Entertainment Enterprises, LLC (SEE) to form a New 
Big Food Says Sales Fell on Competitors #39; Price Cuts (Update1) Big Food Group Plc, the UK owner of the Iceland grocery chain, said second-quarter sales at stores open at least a year dropped 3.3 percent, the second consecutive decline, after competitors cut prices.
Philippine Shares End Higher Philippine shares ended marginally higher Wednesday on a technical recovery, successfully shrugging off a sluggish performance at the start of the session caused by a sell-off in Metro Pacific shares, traders said.
New IBM Systems Mark Storage/Server Convergence NEW YORK -- IBM (Quote, Chart) took the covers off its latest storage strategy Tuesday with an imposing DS8000 enterprise-class storage server along with the much smaller, ultra-dense DS6000.
Blu-ray Disc Association Launches With More Than 70 Companies Earlier this year, membership was opened to organizations interested in promoting the Blu-ray Disc (BD) format. The growth in membership follows the recent announcement by Sony that PlayStation 3 will support 
Space station concerns reduced As a new crew prepares to lift off Wednesday for the international space station, NASA officials say they are less worried than they were two weeks ago about problems with its oxygen generator 
Call for More Action to Cut Global Warming The Governments chief scientist was today drawing attention to the problem of global warming. Professor Sir David King will address the issue in the Greenpeace business lecture tonight.
Supreme Court asked to intervene in file-swapping dispute WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court was asked Friday to hold two Internet file-sharing services responsible for their customers #39; online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.
Dell launches Axim X50 wireless media PDAs Dell debuted the latest additions to its Axim PDA line-up: three new models based on Intel #39;s newest processor and mobile graphics technology, and ready to accept tracks downloaded from Windows Media-based online music stores.
Utah, Pittsburgh to Play in Fiesta Bowl (AP) AP - The Fiesta Bowl gladly invited BCS-buster Utah on Sunday and had no choice but to accept Big East champion Pittsburgh as the unbeaten Utes' opponent.
Yahoo, Intel Lifts Global Tech Shares  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Weaker oil and metals prices hurt  shares in Asian resource companies Wednesday, offsetting gains  in some technology issues following upbeat earnings reports  from bellwethers Intel Corp. and Yahoo Inc.
Tokyo Edge: New Choices in Digital Entertainment PC and home theater make sleek package, while new portable music devices abound.
New Lava Has Pushed Through to Surface of Mount St. Helens Lava has appeared around the crater the first time since Mount St. Helens awoke three weeks ago with bursts of ash and steam.
Bolivians Vote in Municipal Elections (AP) AP - Bolivians voted Sunday in municipal elections that polls predicted would see indigenous and peasant organizations gaining ground on the traditional political parties that have long dominated the nation.
Chief British Scientist Says Act Now on Carbon Dioxide (Reuters) Reuters - The world faces a surge in extreme\weather events because of global warming and governments must\act immediately to avert disaster, Britain's chief scientist\said on Tuesday.
Germany Softens Stance on Sending Troops to Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Germany said Wednesday it could not rule\out sending troops to Iraq, dropping its firm refusal to\consider any deployment to the country whose invasion last year\it staunchly opposed.
Israeli Missile Kills Hamas Militant in Gaza-Medics (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli helicopter gunship fired a\missile near a house during fighting in the northern Gaza Strip\Wednesday, killing a Hamas militant, medics said.
EU Challenges Law Protecting Volkswagen (AP) AP - The European Union's head office decided Wednesday to take Germany to court to try to force changes in a German law protecting Volkswagen AG from hostile takeovers, according to an EU source.
Unions Threaten to Extend Nigeria Strike (AP) AP - Nigerian unions threatened to extend their nationwide general strike, which entered its third day on Wednesday, increasing concerns about production in Africa's biggest oil-exporting nation.
Surgeons 'rebuild' patient's face Surgeons carry out the first full face reconstruction, including the nose, using a single flap of skin.
Israel, Egypt Warm Ties With Prison Swap (AP) AP - In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Middle East peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat's death.
Germany in the dock over VW law The European Commission takes the German government to court for maintaining a law which protects car giant VW from takeover.
Bid to save Ivorian disarmament Ivory Coast's political rivals are to meet to try to save the disarmament process, which is supposed to start on Friday.
'Miracle baby' nurses face probe The Nursing and Midwifery Council is investigating the activities of seven women who claim they confirmed "miracle babies".
3 U.S. Soldiers Killed by Bomb in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - A roadside bomb attack killed three American soldiers in a convoy on the day of a country-wide offensive by U.S. troops and Iraqi soldiers against Sunni insurgents and suspected extremists...
Collier replaces Lamb as England chief executive David Collier has been named as the England and Wales Cricket Board #39;s (ECB) chief executive, replacing Tim Lamb. Lamb, who had been in the job since the ECB #39;s inception in 1997, resigned in May but stepped down last month.
Sales tax deduction gets final congressional approval Congress gave final approval Monday to legislation that could save Washington residents roughly \$500 annually on their federal tax returns by making state sales taxes deductible again after 18 years.
More Holes in The Window Software giant Microsoft on Tuesday announced 10 security advisories, seven of them critical, urging consumers to patch 21 new flaws in its software products.
IBM #39;s new storage systems take on EMC IBM has launched its new data storage systems which it says are aimed at  quot;aggressively competing quot; with rival storage management provider EMC #39;s products.
Apple Fan Sites Buzz with Talk of Photo-Ready iPod Is Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more storage and a color screen to display photos?
Brit GP on  #39;05 calendar - reports The British grand prix is on Bernie Ecclestone #39;s draft 2005 calendar, which will be published after a World Council meeting in France.
Reds elect not to sign Larkin for 20th year The Cincinnati Reds informed their captain they aren #39;t interested in keeping him around for another season. Instead, the Reds will replace the 40-year-old shortstop with two unproven youngsters.
Arafat #39;s security chief escapes blast A Palestinian security chief related to Yasser Arafat escaped a suspected assassination attempt late on Tuesday when a car bomb blew up outside his headquarters in Gaza City, witnesses said.
Blair facing Iraq apology calls The Conservatives are demanding Tony Blair apologises for the way he presented the intelligence about Iraq #39;s weapons of mass destruction.
Mexico Telescope to Shed Light on Cosmic Dark Ages (Reuters) Reuters - Perched on the top of\one of Mexico's highest mountains is a gigantic, half-built\telescope that scientists hope will reveal more secrets of the\universe's early years than any before it.
Real Madrid held by Villarreal Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Real Madrid #39;s powerful offense was held in check during a scoreless draw with Villarreal Sunday.
Intel income rose 15, tops expectations Intel Corp., the worlds largest semiconductor producer, said yesterday its third-quarter profit rose at the slowest pace in five quarters on record stockpile of computer chips, growing competition and slow sales of PCs.
Microsoft makes itself at home Los Angeles - US software behemoth Microsoft on Tuesday unveiled a new technological assault that will bring music, movies and television into consumers #39; living rooms via their home computers.
Microsoft pushes out  #39;critical #39; security fixes Microsoft has released 10 software security patches for its products, including seven it deemed critical and that could allow remote attackers to take control of systems running the company #39;s software.
Froogle arrives in the UK The service allows users to search for specific items to find the best deal and, unlike some similar British sites, it #39;s free to users and retailers.
Mansell out but Silverstone roars back Ecclestone is understood to have entered Silverstone #39;s name on the provisional list of venues for the 2005 season, which would leave no room for Brand Synergy, the mystery consortium that has Mansell on its board.
Socceroos ready to fulfil potential: Farina Socceroos coach Frank Farina says the national team is possibly the strongest Australia has produced. Farina #39;s comments follow Australia #39;s qualification for next year #39;s Confederation #39;s Cup after a convincing 
MANAGER PROFILE: Micky Adams Micky Adams has been rightly regarded as one of the brightest young managers in English football over the last number of years. His glowing coaching reputation has been bore out of a playing career which was 
Rice says he could be leaving Raiders Jerry Rice said he believes he could be traded by the Oakland Raiders before Tuesday #39;s deadline. Rice, who turns 42 today, told Sacramento, Calif.
Williams back in top form Venus Williams, the former world No1, returned to competitive tennis with a convincing 6-4, 6-4 win over Russian qualifier Alina Jidkova in the first round of the Kremlin Cup in Moscow.
Larkin leaving big shoes to fill The split between the Reds and Barry Larkin left the club with two very big holes to fill. The obvious one is at shortstop. The less obvious one is in the clubhouse - where he was the undisputed 
Iraqis plead for more international help at Tokyo donors &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : Iraq pleaded with the international community to play a bigger part in rebuilding the war-shattered nation at a donors conference to assess how to spend billions of dollars in aid.
US presses NATO to prepare takeover of Afghanistan military &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; POIANA BRASOV, Romania : The United States pressed its NATO allies to begin military planning for possibly taking over command of operations in Afghanistan from US forces as early as next year.
Microsoft #39;s Announces Plans for Your Digital Living Room and 22 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft began the latest phase of its big push for consumers #39; digital lives by unveiling Windows XP Media Centre Edition 2005 (MCE) and a host of products designed to work alongside it.
McDonald #39;s 3rd-quarter earnings rise McDonald #39;s (MCD) third-quarter earnings rose a higher-than-expected 42 on a preliminary basis, the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said Wednesday, citing strong sales in the United States and a lower tax rate.
AtheroGenics to Discontinue AGIX-4207 Pharmaceutical company AtheroGenics Inc. said Wednesday that a mid-stage trial to evaluate its AGIX-4207 treatment for rheumatoid arthritis failed to meet the study #39;s endpoint, showing no significant improvement compared with placebo.
Host Marriott #39;s Third-Quarter Loss Narrows Host Marriott Corp. on Wednesday said its third-quarter results improved as occupancy and room rates increased to drive revenue. The lodging real estate investment trust reported quarterly funds from operations 
News Corp slashes jobs in printing arm move NEWS International, the UK newspaper unit of News Corp, is to cut its 1000-person production staff by two-thirds and move its London printing facilities from Wapping to Enfield, in north London.
UPDATE 1-US mortgage applications fall last week-MBA New applications for US home loans dropped more than 9 percent last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates also eased from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Children #39;s hospital may sue Disney An unlikely feud is seeing the film empire that built its name on cartoons for children -- the giant Disney corporation -- at odds with Britain #39;s most famous hospital for sick children.
Flaws spark  #39;fix-it #39; frenzy The new patches apply to a variety of products, including some versions of Microsoft #39;s Windows operating system and server software, its Internet Explorer Web browser and Excel spreadsheet program.
FastT100 offers cost-effective, reliable storage for consolidation &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Johannesburg, 13 October 2004 - While a great deal of the data residing within organisations today is not accessed regularly, the ECT Act as well as basic business strategy maintains that this seldom accessed data is business-critical.
Update 1: Technical Problems Subside at PayPal Most members of the online payment service Paypal should be able to log on to the Web site after five days of intermittent service outages and furious repair efforts, the company said.
ISS Expedition 10 Crew to Launch Into Space Tonight The next three humans bound for the International Space Station (ISS) are spending their final hours on Earth before launching into space tonight atop a Soyuz rocket.
Virgin Group Aims at iPod Mini The MP3 player market, where the iPod Mini once stood alone, will soon have several new entries. IDC predicted last month that the segment will grow from 12.
Motorola to trial m-commerce-enabled phones Motorola Inc. will conduct an m-commerce field trial of mobile phones enabled with MasterCard PayPass and Near Field Communications (NFC) technology, the company announced Tuesday.
Google woos Froogle UK shoppers Search giant Google has launched a beta of the UK version of its shopping search technology, Froogle. The site looks like its Google parent in design with the addition of links to recent popular product searches on the home page.
From spam king to spymaster In what could prove to be one of the great second acts in Internet history, erstwhile king of spam Sanford Wallace takes center stage this week as exhibit A in a federal crackdown on invasive online advertising software.
Intel defeats AMD in court The documents in question were brought to court during Intel #39;s legal battle with Intergraph. AMD believes they show its arch-rival to be guilty of anti-competitive behaviour, which is why it wanted the EC to take a look.
Turn Your PC Into a Mac Microsoft #39;s Virtual PC software has been lauded by critics as a convenient way for Mac users to run Windows applications on their Macs, but what if you need to do the opposite?
IBM makes Websphere smarter to improve business continuity IBM is fleshing out its On Demand computing strategy with the release later this year of Websphere 6.0, the next incarnation of its flagship application server software.
Petition asks high court to hear case on file sharing By byron kho. A consortium of movie and record companies joined forces on Friday to request that the US Supreme Court take another look at peer-to-peer file-sharing programs.
Astros vs. Cardinals preview OFFENSE: Expect the Cardinals, so powerful and varied in skill, to average five-plus runs. But this is no mismatch. Houston #39;s attack is hotter and healthier.
We had no choice but to withdraw from Champions Trophy, says HA SYDNEY: Hockey Australia (HA) defended their decision to withdraw the Olympic champions out of the Champions Trophy tournament in Pakistan in December, saying security concerns had left it no choice.
India feeling the pressure It will be tough for our selectors to make any changes to the team after our first Test triumph. The interesting speculation going into the second Test here in Madras is whether India will 
Making his point The disgruntled receiver, who turns 42 today, expects to be dealt before the Oct. 19 trade deadline. By Gregg Bell -- Bee Staff Writer.
Site eases voter registration (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - In August, Joshua Rosen, a San Francisco entrepreneur and art director, went live with a Web site that makes it very simple for people to register to vote.
Owner #39;s remarks draw big fine The NHL fined Steve Belkin, one of the Thrashers owners, \$250,000 on Tuesday for saying the league could use replacement players next season, the Associated Press reported.
Q amp;A: Terry Labonte and friends. Terry Labonte announced his plan for retirement during a special media breakfast at Hendrick Motorsports on Tuesday. Hosted by Fox #39;s Mike Joy, featured guest speakers included NASCAR #39;s Mike Helton, Team Owner 
US, Iraq to probe missing N-equipment Washington has said it will join Baghdad in a full investigation into missing machinery from Iraq #39;s nuclear facilities, and Iraq #39;s science minister has invited UN inspectors to the country.
Germany Opposes US Plan in Afghanistan At a meeting of NATO defense ministers in Romania on Wednesday, Germany objected to Washington #39;s proposal for NATO forces to take over the US military mission in Afghanistan as part of next year #39;s reorganization efforts.
Iraq Asks Major Donors To Release Cash Tokyo, Oct. 13 (NNN): Iraq #39;s deputy leader, Barham Saleh, on Wednesday urged donors to release the aid money they have pledged, saying it is the key to destroying terrorism in his troubled country.
Turkish militant formally charged after extradition from Germany ISTANBUL, Oct 13 (AFP) - A leading Turkish Islamic militant known as the  #39;Caliph of Cologne #39; was formally charged by a criminal court in Istanbul on Wednesday and sent to jail pending trial a day after he was deported from Germany.
Nigeria looks for strike injunction No. 7 oil exporter turns to court to stop 3-day-old general strike that threatens crude shipments. ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - The Nigerian government sought a court injunction Wednesday to stop a three-day 
Palestinian schoolgirl dies of wounds A 10-year-old Palestinian schoolgirl,who was critically wounded by Israeli soldiers gunfire, died of her wounds Wednesday at the hospital in southern Gaza town of Khan Younis, medics said.
No quick sex, please, we #39;re British A survey produced by condom maker Durex - who else? - shows that we spend 22.5 minutes in foreplay, 36 seconds ahead of the German runners-up and more than three minutes more than the so-called sexy French.
KDDI to offer music downloads for mobile phones (FT.com) FT.com - KDDI, Japan's second largest telecoms group, on Wednesday announced that its mobile arm, au, would launch the world's first service offering music downloads directly onto mobile phones.
Microsoft tells users to patch 21 new flaws in Windows (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Microsoft on Tuesday issued 10 security advisories - seven of them critical - urging consumers and businesses to patch 21 new flaws in Windows software products.
Crew Prepares for Launch to Space Station (AP) AP - All three men heading to the international space station in a Russian-built Soyuz spacecraft this Thursday will be riding the tiny craft for the first time, breaking with 35 years of tradition.
Lava Breaks Surface at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - After weeks of earthquakes and steam eruptions, Mount St. Helens has a new lava dome that could even eclipse the volcano's old one.
Harvard Wants to Clone Human Embryos (AP) AP - Harvard University scientists have asked the university's ethical review board for permission to produce cloned human embryos for disease research, potentially becoming the first researchers in the nation to wade into a divisive area of study that has become a presidential campaign issue.
Mount St. Helens Heats Up, Little Danger of Eruption (Reuters) Reuters - Temperatures in the crater of Mount St.\Helens have risen above 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit in recent days\as lava nears the surface but there is no danger of an imminent\eruption, government geologists said on Tuesday.
Raiders' Curry Injured Against Chiefs (AP) AP - Raiders receiver Ronald Curry likely has a torn left Achilles' tendon that could sideline him for the remainder of the season.
Bomb blast fails to stop NZ Hockey, but Aussies pull out New Zealand Hockey boss Ramesh Patel is sticking to his guns over the national men #39;s team #39;s participation in the Champions Trophy in Pakistan despite Australia waving the white flag yesterday because of security concerns.
Superstar missing in Madras India will have to do without Sachin Tendulkar for the second Test against Australia in Madras after team physiotherapist Andrew Leipus refused to rush the batting star back into action.
Microsoft releases seven  #39;critical #39; security patches Microsoft has issued ten new software security patches, seven of which are deemed so  #39;critical #39; that it is advising firms to download them immediately.
Virgin takes on iPod Virgin Electronics unveiled on Tuesday a digital audio player with a 5GB hard disk, in a bid to penetrate the market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iPod.
Motorola turns mobile phone into wallet Motorola is to conduct a trial of mobile phones incorporating MasterCard #39;s PayPass, a contactless payment technology. The handsets will allow customers to make payments by holding the device next to a reader 
Feds Take On  #39;Spamford #39; Wallace In Spyware Case With Congress considering new legislation to increase penalties against spyware companies that install programs on people #39;s computers without their knowledge, the Federal Trade Commission last week filed a complaint against Sanford Wallace, the New 
EU Expands Probe Into Intel Favortism The European Union #39;s head office Wednesday expanded its probe into whether EU governments are illegally requiring that the computers they buy must contain microprocessors made by Intel Corp.
IBM sets date for new tools bundle com October 13, 2004, 5:30 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Harley-Davidson #39;s 3Q profit up 20 percent MILWAUKEE -- Harley-Davidson Inc. #39;s third-quarter profit surged 20 percent, revved up by higher gross margin and brisk sales of its brand-name motorcycles and accessories.
AtheroGenics arthritis drug flops Stock falls on news treatment failed a mid-stage trial, company will cease developing drug. NEW YORK (Reuters) - AtheroGenics Inc.
Qualcomm acquires small UK software company in cash deal Qualcomm, the San Diego cell phone technology developer, said yesterday it has acquired a British software company for \$36 million in cash.
Sempra to supply LNG from Indonesia Sempra Energy LNG announced yesterday that it has signed an agreement that will provide supplies of liquefied natural gas from Indonesia to an energy project it plans to develop with Shell Oil Co.
Silverstone deal likely Formula One fans will wait with bated breath today to see if the British Grand Prix is included on the proposed 2005 calendar. Sources close to the negotiations believe Silverstone will get the all-clear from Bernie Ecclestone after all.
CRICKET: Tendulkar likely to play third Test Sachin Tendulkar, whose absence from the last few tournaments has been sorely felt by the Indian team, is likely to be fit for the third cricket Test against Australia beginning in Nagpur on October 26.
Radcliffe hopes to run in Beijing Marathon world record holder Paula Radcliffe, undaunted by her disastrous showing at the Athens Olympics, hopes to run in Beijing in four years and possibly even at the 2012 Games.
West Lafayette place to be for battle of unbeatens Hope the  quot;College Gameday #39; #39; crew -- which will be broadcasting from Purdue #39;s campus for the first time -- can come up with a title that does justice to the marquee matchup Saturday between the No.
Mass Iraqi grave yields infants, unborn Investigators have unearthed a mass grave in northern Iraq containing hundreds of bodies of women and children believed killed in the 1980s.
Blair rejects allegation he  quot;misrepresented quot; intelligence on Iraq &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON, Oct 13 (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday rejected charges from the Conservative opposition that he  quot;misrepresented quot; intelligence used to make the case for invading Iraq.
Beckham virus spotted on the net Security firms are warning about a virus that tries to cash in on interest in David Beckham.
Paypal battles to restore service Ebay says its Paypal system is slowly getting back to normal after breaking down six days ago.
FEC May Regulate Web Political Activity With political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the Internet, it may just be a matter of time before the Federal Election Commission joins the action.
Technical Problems Subside at PayPal Most members of the online payment service Paypal should be able to log on to the Web site after five days of intermittent service outages and furious repair efforts, the company said.
Investors Flock to Web Networking Sites Internet whiz kids Marc Andreessen, Josh Kopelman and Joe Kraus share something in common besides reaping huge jackpots during the dot-com boom.
MCI President Of Enterprise Sales Resigns The top sales executive running one of MCI Inc.'s largest divisions resigned yesterday as the company struggles with rapidly eroding sales.
7-Eleven Adopting Wireless Technology Sherry Neal checked the refrigerated shelves of her 7-Eleven store, touched the screen of a small handheld computer and got an instant four-week sales history on turkey sandwiches.
Host Marriott Quarterly Loss Narrows (Reuters) Reuters - Hotel owner Host Marriott Corp.\ on Wednesday said its third-quarter loss narrowed as\revenue per room rose, driven by an increase in room rates.
U.N. Nuclear Inspectors Ready to Return to Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. inspectors, barred from most of\Iraq since last year's invasion, are ready to return to probe\the disappearance of equipment that could be used in atomic\weapons, the United Nations nuclear watchdog said Wednesday.
Harley-Davidson Posts Higher Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson Inc.\ roared to record quarterly earnings on Wednesday,\boosted by more efficient operations and demand for its new\models.
Accenture Profit Up, Outlook Below Street (Reuters) Reuters - Accenture Ltd. , a leading\global consulting firm, on Wednesday posted\higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on a rebound in\consulting business, but projected profit for the current\quarter to miss Wall Street forecasts.
Chinese Minister Sees Fast Economic Growth (AP) AP - China's finance minister said economic growth of 9 percent this year would be acceptable, state television reported Wednesday, in the first acknowledgment by a senior official that growth might exceed the government's target of 7 percent.
Bushmeat trade thriving in Kenya The meat from wild animals killed illegally is being sold in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, a report has said.
Carbon 'reaching danger levels' The UK government's top scientist says atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations are now becoming dangerous.
Stocks Seen Higher as Oil Holds Below \$52  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open higher on  Wednesday, as McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; said  third-quarter  earnings rose sharply, while quarterly reports from Intel Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; and Yahoo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YHOO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;YHOO.O&lt;/A&gt; pleased Wall Street and lifted  technology shares.
Host Marriott Quarterly Loss Narrows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hotel owner Host Marriott Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HMT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said its third-quarter loss narrowed as  revenue per room rose, driven by an increase in room rates.
Harley-Davidson Posts Higher Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HDI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HDI.N&lt;/A&gt; roared to record quarterly earnings on Wednesday,  boosted by more efficient operations and demand for its new  models.
Accenture Profit Up, Outlook Below Street  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Accenture Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ACN.N&lt;/A&gt;, a leading  global consulting firm, on Wednesday posted  higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on a rebound in  consulting business, but projected profit for the current  quarter to miss Wall Street forecasts.
Total Lunar Eclipse On Wednesday night, Oct. 27th, North Americans can see a total eclipse of the moon.
NY Times Profit Slips as Ad Sales Uneven  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Times Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NYT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NYT.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported lower quarterly net profit, weighed down by  an inconsistent ad sales environment.
Sky-High Oil Price Down for a Second Day  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from record peaks for a  second session on Wednesday as traders took profits from a  searing rally on signs that high prices are finally starting to  dampen demand.
HCA Sees Earnings Hurt by Hurricanes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - HCA Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HCA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HCA.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  hospital operator, said on Wednesday it expects its  third-quarter earnings to be hurt by the hurricanes that hit  the U.S. Southeast earlier this year.
Two Lebanese Hostages Freed in Iraq - Lawyer  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iraqi kidnappers have freed two Lebanese  men who were taken hostage west of Baghdad last month, their  company's lawyer said on Wednesday.
Nigerian Govt. Seeks Injunction to Halt Strike  ABUJA (Reuters) - The Nigerian government sought a court  injunction on Wednesday to stop a three-day-old general strike  which has raised fears about oil supplies from the world's  seventh largest exporter.
Alleged IRA Fugitive Arrested in Tenerife  BELFAST (Reuters) - A suspected Irish Republican Army  fugitive wanted in connection with a 1996 bomb attack on a  British base in Northern Ireland has been arrested on a Spanish  island after seven years on the run, police said on Wednesday.
Iraq urges donors to release cash Iraq's deputy PM asks nations meeting in Tokyo to fulfil pledges of aid, saying it is key to "beating terrorism".
Newfound Star Cluster may be Final Milky Way 'Fossil' Jet Propulsion Lab -- Just when astronomers thought they might have dug up the last of our galaxy's "fossils," they've discovered a new one in the galactic equivalent of our own backyard.     Called globular clusters, these ancient bundles of stars date back to the birth of our Milky Way galaxy, 13 or so billion years ago...
IRA 'terror arrest' in Tenerife An IRA suspect wanted in connection with a NI bomb attack on soldiers in 1996 is arrested by Spanish police.
Israel extends offensive in Gaza Israeli forces thrust into a town in north Gaza and kill a Hamas militant, as a Palestinian schoolgirl dies of her wounds.
Football: Fifa slams Beckham Fifa president Sepp Blatter meets the FA to discuss David Beckham's deliberate booking.
Austrian holds off teammate to win slalom; Miller doesn #39;t finish Benjamin Raich of Austria held off teammate Rainer Schoenfelder and Giorgio Rocca of Italy on Sunday to win the first slalom of the World Cup season, while overall leader Bode Miller skied out for a second straight race.
Thai violence ahead of key talks Suspected militants kill two people in southern Thailand, ahead of a Thailand-Malaysia annual meeting.
UN issues child poverty warning Millions of children live in poverty in Eastern Europe and Central Asia despite economic growth there, a UN report says.
Saudi clash killed 'top militant' A leading militant was among three people killed by Saudi security forces on Tuesday, officials say.
Gaza schoolgirl dies of injuries A Palestinian schoolgirl has died after being struck when Israeli troops fired at her school in Gaza on Tuesday.
Waistline linked to health risks Scientists believe measuring your waist could be a better indicator of future health than weighing yourself.
Schools Must Help in Fight Against Obesity By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Health experts are trying to move the nation's battle of the bulge to an important new front: the schools.    Schools need to be more active in teaching heart-healthy behavior and they should offer more physical education and healthful meals, a new American Heart Association statement urges...
The great wide-open When Aloft Group Inc. chief executive Matt Bowen first saw the Strand Movie Palace, the balcony stairs that Saturday matinee crowds once used were crumbling. Rain was dripping into the projector room, and the upper half of a proscenium arch, a mural probably created as a Works Progress Administration project in the early '30s, was layered in dirt.
Lava Breaks the Surface at Mount St. Helens After weeks of earthquakes and steam eruptions, Mount St. Helens has a new lava dome that could even eclipse the volcano's old one. The quakes subsided as the new lava emerged Monday and cooled in the open air.
Obesity Surgery May Cure Diabetes By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Patients who undergo obesity surgery get far more than cosmetic benefits - many also shed fat-related ailments including diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol, researchers say.    Their report - an analysis of 136 studies - suggests that in some cases, the drastic operations may alter the patient's body chemistry itself and relieve conditions that can lead to heart attacks, strokes and kidney failure...
4 U.S. Soldiers Killed by Bomb in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Separate roadside bomb attacks killed four American soldiers in Baghdad, as American troops and Iraqi soldiers stepped up pressure on Sunni insurgents before the start of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan this week.    Last year, insurgents sharply increased their attacks against U.S...
Fox Disagrees With FCC Indecency Finding WASHINGTON - Fox Broadcasting Co. disagrees with a finding by federal regulators that an episode of "Married by America" was indecent, but isn't saying whether it will appeal a nearly \$1.2 million fine...
Blair Won't Apologize Over Iraq LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair denied Wednesday that he misrepresented intelligence about Iraqi weapons before the war, rejecting growing demands in Parliament that he apologize.   "I cannot bring myself to say that I misrepresented the evidence, since I do not accept that I did," Blair said in the House of Commons...
Stocks to Open Higher As Oil Prices Let Up NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are called slightly higher at the open as investors use a letup in oil prices and some upbeat corporate news to add to positions...
IBM sets date for new tools bundle Looking to outdo rival Microsoft, IBM plans to ship a new bundle of development tools that can simplify how software gets built.
Four U.S. Soldiers Killed in Bomb Attack Four U.S. soldiers were killed late Tuesday and early Wednesday by separate roadside bombs detonated near their convoys, the military announced.
Apple whistles a happy iTunes This week's earnings report is expected to shed light on the impact of iTunes for Windows, which launched one year ago.
Microsoft selling new Windows at cut-rate price The software giant is selling Media Center, its new version of Windows, to PC makers at a new, lower price, CNET News.com has learned.
Intel in-line NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Intel, the world #39;s largest manufacturer of semiconductors used in personal computers and servers, reported third-quarter sales and earnings that were roughly in line with Wall Street #39;s diminished expectations.
Minding the Search Engine Business The UK specific version of Froogle features prices in UK Pounds and AdWords ads from British merchants. The company said it hoped the launch would offer a better online shopping experience both today and during the upcoming holidays.
Bryant turns the page Mitch Kupchak and Jerry Buss issued a four-point statement through the Lakers #39; staff. Rudy Tomjanovich offered words of praise outside the locker room.
Rice won #39;t be a Lion While the Oakland Raiders might be willing to deal the soon-to-be Hall of Fame receiver before the Oct. 19 trade deadline, the Detroit Lions aren #39;t interested.
Cricket fever grips Kollywood too With less than 24 hours to go for the second cricket Test match between India and Australia at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai, cricket fever has gripped the city, literally.
Sports Briefs YURI KADOBNOVAFP VIA GETTY IMAGESVenus Williams returns against Russia #39;s Alina Jidkova during their match at the WTA Kremlin Cup in Moscow.
Kyle Busch takes Nextel Cup wheel The 19-year-old Las Vegas native was announced Tuesday as the driver to replace two-time NASCAR Nextel Cup champion Terry Labonte behind the wheel of the No.
Afghanistan takes first difficult steps toward democracy The election for president in Afghanistan may have brought us one small step closer to worldwide democracy. At least the people there left no doubt that they wanted to vote.
Pakistani Tribesmen Fail to Secure Release of Chinese Hostages A delegation of Pakistani tribal elders has met with the leader of al-Qaida-linked militants holding two Chinese engineers hostage, but failed to secure their release.
Intel Wins Ruling A federal judge last week denied a request by Advanced Micro Devices to order Intel to turn over company documents to the European Commission, according to a report from the Associated Press.
SAP to increase focus on business intelligence  SAP plans to expand its focus on business intelligence (BI) software over the next year.
Lycos unfurls Circles social networking site Lycos Inc. on Wednesday will release a test version of a social networking Web site that, unlike many competing ones, is more focused on letting users communicate with people they already know than on letting users get to know strangers.
EU asks four countries to justify call for Intel chips The European Commission has asked four European Union countries to justify why they favor Intel Corp. processors in computers for public authorities, it announced Wednesday.
New version of SAP Business One available German business software vendor SAP AG is rolling out a new version of its SAP Business One software with several functions designed for small and medium-size manufacturers.
Motorola will add NFC payment function to cell phones Motorola Inc. is the latest company to move towards adding a payment function based on Near-Field Communication (NFC) technology to its line of cell phones, the company announced Tuesday.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Intel 3rd Quarter Revenue \$8.5 Billion SANTA CLARA, Calif., Oct. 12, 2004 - Intel Corporation today announced third-quarter revenue of \$8.5 billion, up 5 percent sequentially and up 8 percent year-over-year.
Wages rise more than expected Wages rose faster than expected in the June-August period but analysts say the increases are still not high enough to cause inflation worries at the Bank of England.
End of printing at Wapping NEWS International is to move printing operations from Wapping to Liverpool and Glasgow as part of plans to invest more than 600 million in new plants.
UDO replacing MO faster than expected, says Plasmon Sales of UDO (Ultra Density Optical) discs and drives are going well and the format is replacing MO (Magneto Optical) technology faster than expected, the president of technology developer Plasmon Inc. said in a recent interview.
Thai PM in paper peace bid Around 50 Thai Air Force planes have swamped the largely Muslim south of Thailand with millions of paper birds as a symbol of peace for the restive region where nearly 500 people have been killed since January.
TSMC, Freescale to jointly develop chip technology TAIPEI - Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (TSMC), the world's largest contract chip maker, has teamed up with Freescale Semiconductor Inc. to jointly develop SOI (silicon-on-insulator) technology for chips made using a 65-nanometer (nm) process, the companies said in a statement Tuesday.
Oil surpasses \$54 then falls sharply; supply fears wane after briefly surpassing \$54 a barrel for the first time -n speculation that demand doesnt justify further price increases. Also 
McDonalds serves up 42 rise in earnings McDonalds Corp. third-quarter earnings rose a higher-than-expected 42 percent on a preliminary basis, the worlds largest restaurant chain said on Wednesday, citing strong sales in the United States and a lower tax rate.
Host Marriott Quarterly Loss Narrows Hotel owner Host Marriott Corp. (HMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its third-quarter loss narrowed as revenue per room rose, driven by an increase in room rates.
Qualcomm buys British firm Cell phone chip maker Qualcomm said on Tuesday it has purchased United Kingdom-based wireless developer Trigenix, in part to bolster Qualcomm #39;s stake in the European cell phone market.
Sports Buzz During last Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race, amid the ongoing furor over Dale Earnhardt Jr. #39;s salty language, NBC ran a commercial for a show coming on later that night called  quot;Law  amp; Order: Criminal Intent.
FEC May Regulate Internet Political Activity By SHARON THEIMER     WASHINGTON (AP) -- With political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the Internet, it may just be a matter of time before the Federal Election Commission joins the action.    Well, that time may be now...
Microsoft Increases Focus on Entertainment Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) unveiled the latest version of its entertainment-focused operating system Tuesday, seeking a broader audience on a wider array of computers and stoked by partnerships offering music, movies and even recorded books.
Investors Flocking to Web Networking Sites By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Internet whiz kids Marc Andreessen, Josh Kopelman and Joe Kraus share something in common besides reaping huge jackpots during the dot-com boom.    All three belong to LinkedIn, a rapidly growing online networking service whose ability to connect people with common friends and work interests helped persuade the trio to invest in the company before it even started to generate revenue...
7-11 Adopting Wireless Technology By DAVID KOENIG     ROCKWALL, Texas (AP) -- Sherry Neal checked the refrigerated shelves of her 7-Eleven store, touched the screen of a small handheld computer and got an instant four-week sales history on turkey sandwiches.    With a couple taps on the wireless device, the store manager placed an order for the next day's sandwiches without ever leaving the aisle...
Technical Problems Subside at PayPal By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Most members of the online payment service Paypal should be able to log on to the Web site after five days of intermittent service outages and furious repair efforts, the company said...
Bank of Montreal to pay \$197.4M for Indiana #39;s Mercantile Bank TORONTO (CP) - Bank of Montreal and US subsidiary Harris Bank are paying \$197.4 million for Indiana #39;s 19-branch Mercantile Bank as they bolster their successful operations in the US Midwest.
ECB confirm Collier as new chief David Collier has been confirmed as the new chief executive of the England and Wales Cricket Board. The 49-year-old replaces Tim Lamb, who stepped down at the end of last month after almost eight years in charge.
Intel growth not up to expectations Santa Clara - Semiconductor giant Intel on Tuesday said its third-quarter profit jumped 15 percent from a year ago to \$1.9 billion (R12.
Qualcomm tries Trigenix on for size Cell phone chip maker Qualcomm on Tuesday said it has purchased United Kingdom-based wireless developer Trigenix, in part to bolster Qualcomm #39;s stake in the all-important European cell phone market.
Investigators dig up mass grave seeking evidence to nail Saddam HATRA, Iraq, Oct 13 (AFP) - Forensic experts digging for evidence against ousted Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein have carried out their first full exhumation of a mass grave filled with the skeletons of scores of women and children, many shot in the back of 
EU Calls on Israel to End Aggression on northern Gaza Immediately The European Union, called yesterday on the Israeli government to end its ongoing aggression on the Gaza Strip immediately, maintaining that Israel has the right to defend itself.
Daiei will not get state Daiei Inc., Japan #39;s third-largest retailer, must cut debt without government aid after a deadline set by a state bailout agency passed, agency officials said.
Oil dips after touching record \$54 a barrel WASHINGTON: Oil prices retreated slightly yesterday after surpassing \$54 a barrel amid nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption.
Harley-Davidson #39;s 3Q Profit Up 20 Percent Harley-Davidson Inc. #39;s third-quarter profit surged 20 percent, revved up by higher gross margin and brisk sales of its brand-name motorcycles and accessories.
Gloom continues at M amp;S ALES are still falling at Marks  amp; Spencer, the company revealed today, sparking fresh fears for the retailers recovery. The group confirmed that half-year profits will be between 285m-295m, in line with 
DreamWorks sets IPO at 29M shares, \$23-\$25 per share DreamWorks Animation SKG on Tuesday set its planned initial public offering of stock at 29 million common shares at an estimated price of \$23 to \$25 per share.
Amkor Tech in Talks for Credit Facility Amkor Technology Inc., a provider of semiconductor assembly and test services, said Wednesday that it started talks with a group of institutional lenders regarding a credit facility for a \$300 million term loan.
Titmice guide out-of-town birds to best food, water Traveling around the state last week, I noticed the fall foliage making its rapid transition to winter. In fact, Birmingham experienced its first freeze of the season - three weeks later than the normal date of Nov.
No Canadian interest rate hike expected Tuesday OTTAWA - Amid signs of a softening economy and a strengthening dollar, the Bank of Canada is expected to sit on the sidelines this week and wait to see what happens next.
Now, for Your PC: Mac OS X A Hawaiian company claims to have developed a \$50 software emulator that allows a Windows PC to run Mac OS X. A legal expert says it's likely Apple will have some objections. By Leander Kahney.
US Official Predicts 4 Percent Growth The US economy will expand by 4 percent this year, sustaining the recovery begun in 2002, a senior US Treasury official said Sunday.
A Mall for America's Geeks A road trip detour to the Mall of America offers a look at some remarkable feats of modern engineering. Marvels range from genetically modified glowing fish to roller coasters that no sane human should ride after lunch. Michelle Delio reports from Bloomington, Minnesota.
Click Fraud Threatens Web Someone could make the argument that watchdogs have better things to do. But click fraud -- endlessly clicking on ads to generate cash or hurt a competitor -- is a serious threat to the web business, and no one's doing much about it. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Vote Early and Often Online Polls run by news sites to gauge public opinion of politicians are turning into partisan tools for political spin doctors. People voting, often repeatedly, in response to e-mails from their favored candidates can skew the results. By Louise Witt.
New Tack Wins Prisoner's Dilemma The winner of this year's competition in the classic computerized strategy game shows that a tactic based on cooperating with team members can succeed over one that relies on echoing rivals' moves. By Wendy M. Grossman.
UCLA File Swappers in Quarantine The school's tool for fighting piracy on campus automatically isolates students fingered by the entertainment industry for allegedly sharing copyright files. It's another example of a university cracking down on illegal file trading. By Katie Dean.
Campaign Donor Data Goes Mobile Political wonks no longer need to hunch over their PCs to track the political leanings of different regions. A new service sends that data to cell phones and PDAs, so people can find out instantly if they're in a Democratic or Republican stronghold. By Daniel Terdiman.
You Need a Robolawyer Stop reading all that 'clickwrap' fine print! A browser bot will accept or reject agreements on your terms. By Mark D. Rasch from Wired magazine.
Music Industry Spurned by Court The Supreme Court declines to hear the music industry's appeal of a case that forbade it from trying to force phone and internet companies from turning over the names of people suspected of copyright infringement over peer-to-peer networks. Michael Grebb reports from Washington, D.C.
BEATEN FALCONS MUST WAIT The Atlanta Falcons were denied securing the NFC South title on Sunday when they were beaten 27-0 at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The Falcons needed a win to clinch the division but quarterback Michael Vick had a day to forget.
Reeve Was a Super Activist Christopher Reeve's death Sunday deprives stem-cell research advocates of one of their most effective champions. But the wheels he help put in motion will continue turning, they promise.
Gates unveils operating system (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - LOS ANGELES - In what may be remembered as one of the oddest couples to grace the stage of the Shrine Auditorium, hip-hop diva Queen Latifah joined Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates on Tuesday to introduce the software giant's new entertainment-focused operating system.
Red Planet Bound: Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - DENVER, Colo. -- The next spacecraft destined for nbsp;Mars is rapidly coming together nbsp;here on Earth -- an interplanetary probe that carries the most powerful instruments ever sent to the red planet.
Two Lebanese Hostages Released in Iraq (AP) AP - Two Lebanese hostages have been released after more than three weeks in captivity in Iraq, a Lebanese Foreign Ministry official said Wednesday.
McDonald #39;s helped by increased sales OAK BROOK, Ill. -- McDonald #39;s Corp. said Wednesday it expects to earn 61 cents per share in the third quarter, helped by a lower tax rate and increased sales worldwide.
Bank of Montreal to Buy Indiana Bank for \$156.5 Mln (Update1) Bank of Montreal, Canada #39;s fifth- biggest bank, agreed to buy Mercantile Bancorp Inc., which has branches in northwestern Indiana, for \$156.
NY Times Profit Slips as Ad Sales Uneven The New York Times Co. (NYT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday reported lower quarterly net profit, weighed down by an inconsistent ad sales environment.
Damage to increase grapefruit price tag Florida will produce the smallest grapefruit crop in almost 70 years after three hurricanes hit the state #39;s citrus producing counties, blowing over trees, ripping fruit from limbs and flooding groves.
Seattle Storm Wins WNBA Title Over Sun (AP) AP - Betty Lennox had another huge night, scoring 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first WNBA title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun on Tuesday night.
Giants Defensive Coordinator Baffling NFL (AP) AP - Tim Lewis has taken the New York Giants' traditional 4-3 defense and added a twist of the old Pittsburgh Steelers' 3-4 to it.
Qualcomm buys UK 3G software developer Trigenix (UPDATED) LONDON - Qualcomm Inc. has bought Trigenix, a British startup specializing in software that lets mobile network operators adjust the menus on handsets, for \$36 million in cash.
Cricket: A star revered for more than just numbers  #39;Remove Miller from the scorecard and he still lives. That can be said of few cricketers. quot;. That quote from Keith Miller #39;s biographer Mihir Bose helps explain why the death Monday of a cricketer who played 
Kaif recalled to bolster Indian batting India have recalled one-day specialist Mohammad Kaif in a bid to beef up their batting order for the second test against Australia starting on Thursday.
EMC takes Retrospect Dantz Confirming Macworld UK #39;s report earlier this week, EMC has acquired Retrospect backup software publisher, Dantz Development Corp.
NBA hopeful Liu Wei wins praise from coaches on eve of China showdown (AFP) AFP - China's national team basketball star Liu Wei, aiming to become Asia's first guard to make it in the NBA, is getting high accolades from the coaches of the Sacramento Kings with whom he is trying out.
Iraq pleads for help Baghdad - Iraq urged the international community on Wednesday to play an active role in rebuilding the war-shattered nation at a donors conference in Tokyo as a Baghdad bombing killed three US soldiers in the latest wave of violence.
Submarine rescue gets under way The salvage vessel Anglian Prince began towing HMCS Chicoutimi, which has more than 50 Canadian sailors on board, after waiting for improved weather.
Beckham Criticized for Suspension (AP) AP - FIFA's president criticized England captain David Beckham for deliberately getting himself suspended for a World Cup qualifier and urged the English Football Association to take action.
McNair inactive; Volek starts against Colts Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair was inactive for Sunday #39;s game against Indianapolis because of a chest injury.
Harley-Davidson Roars to Record Earnings  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HDI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HDI.N&lt;/A&gt; reported record quarterly earnings on Wednesday as more  efficient operations and the weak dollar boosted its margins.
Edison Int'l Raises '04 Earnings Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Edison International &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EIX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EIX.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday raised its earnings forecast for 2004, citing  improved performance at its utility unit Southern California  Edison.
'Sorry' Is the Hardest Word for Blair on Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Tony Blair's ministers have said it, his  political opponents are baying for it but the British prime  minister refuses to utter it.
Generating Income with Blogs - Blogging for Dollars Generating Income with Blogs - Blogging for Dollars\\Blogging for dollars might sound like the latest game show or some new drinking game, but it's the latest craze to hit the Internet. Bloggers began blogging for a number of reasons, but as the blog movement has increased in popularity, they have ...
Q3 revenue meets lowered forecasts, Q4 may fall short SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Intel rallied in pre-open trading Wednesday amid relief that the company did a better-than-expected job moving part of its excess inventory and that the weakness it sees in the fourth-quarter isn #39;t as bad as some feared 
BMO expands in US BMO plans to buy Mercantile Bankcorp and a related operation for a total of \$197,4 million. Under the deal, BMO will obtain Mercantile #39;s 19 branches in Northwest Indiana.
Rose fails to stop slide in M amp;S sales MARKS  amp; Spencer yesterday recorded its fourth quarter of falling sales in a row, just a day before potential suitor Philip Green is expected to report an increase in full-year earnings at rival BhS.
US mortgage applications fall last week NEW YORK - New applications for US home loans dropped more than 9 percent last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates also eased from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Virgin to sell digital player to compete with IPod Virgin Group Ltd., owned by billionaire British entrepreneur Richard Branson, said it will begin selling a portable music player to compete with Apple Computer Inc.
Now, for Your PC: Mac OS X A Hawaiian company specializing in streaming video claims to have developed a \$50 software emulator that allows a Windows PC to run Apple Computer #39;s Mac OS X. Maui X-Stream on Tuesday announced CherryOS, a virtual PC that mimics the hardware of a G4 Mac.
Rivera saves the Yankees NEW YORKFew had noticed the third-inning ballpark arrival last night of the New York Yankees closer who would ultimately rescue them from a disaster of historical proportions.
Beckham Criticized for Suspension England soccer coach Sven-Goran Eriksson reacts to a question during a press conference in Baku, Azerbaijan Tuesday Oct. 12, 2004, following captain David Beckham #39;s comments that he deliberately got suspended 
WENGER BACKS LEHMANN #39;S CLAIM Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has backed Jens Lehmann to fulfil his World Cup dream by claiming the Germany number one shirt, despite off-the-pitch complications threatening to kill off his chances altogether.
Who? Who? And Clemens The Houston Astros and their fans patiently waited 42 years before winning their first post-season series on Monday and what do they get for a payoff?
PayPal Cleaning Up Site Glitch A recent monthly update to its Web site caused no end of trouble for online transaction company PayPal. But after an outage that plagued the site, PayPal appears to be back online.
Possibly the fastest way to spend money Next, you could have a Motorola mobile phone with MasterCard PayPass to help you spend money faster.  quot;This is layering on more features to make the cell phone 
JVC joins the Blu-ray Disc Association 10/12/2004 -- Jobwerx News -- The consumer electronics industry is firmly behind the Blu-ray Disc high-definition optical-disc format and so is JVC.
Investigators excavate mass graves in Iraq Investigators have begun to excavate at the site of a mass grave in northern Iraq which is believed to contain up to 300 bodies. The site at Hatra, south of Mosul, is believed to contain the bodies of Kurdish 
CALIPH OF COLOGNE BACK IN TURKEY A leading Turkish militant known as the Caliph of Cologne has arrived in Istanbul after he was deported from Germany to face trial for allegedly attempting to overthrow Turkeys secular government.
Daiei to Apply for Aid From Gov #39;t Fund Troubled Japanese supermarket chain Daiei Inc. said Wednesday it will ask for an emergency cash injection from a government-run corporate bailout fund, after the retailer #39;s biggest creditors refused a request for a rescue package.
UNRWA waits for Israel apology The chief of the UN agency for Palestinian refugees on Wednesday demanded that Israel apologise for wrongfully accusing UNRWA of allowing Palestinians to move rockets in its ambulances, The AFP reported.
Intel profit rises, but inventory glut lingers SAN FRANCISCO Intel, the largest semiconductor maker, has reported that its profit for the third quarter rose 15 percent from a year earlier, though it continued to struggle with an inventory glut that has reduced its profit margins.
Media Center will succeed, just not yet Microsoft is promoting its Windows Media Center Extender devices as the easiest way to get music, photos and video from a Media Center PC to a stereo or TV.
McDonald #39;s Says 3rd-Qtr Profit Rose to 61 Cts a Share (Update1) McDonald #39;s Corp., the world #39;s largest restaurant chain, said third-quarter profit rose to about 61 cents a share, beating analysts #39; estimates, on higher sales in the US and a lower tax rate.
US weighs trade limit for China WASHINGTON The Bush administration has agreed to consider a petition from a coalition of textile manufacturers, along with the union representing their workers, asking that the federal government limit imports from China next year, an action that could 
Computer: IBM #39;s shoe-box sized system IBM wants to topple the world #39;s leader in computer storage technology with a new shoe-box sized disk system developed at IBM Storage Systems Divisions in Tucson.
PeopleSoft defends poison pills David Duffield, PeopleSoft founder and acting-CEO, said the firm might have considered the Oracle takeover bid more seriously if terms had been different.
AOL Develops Desktop Search According to sources familiar with testing, America Online Inc. is developing its own desktop search technology that will initially be added to the AOL Browser beta as early as the end of this week.
Yankees 10, Red Sox 7: Just a typical chapter in unique rivalry Another game, another postseason classic. It will be news if the Red Sox and Yankees ever play a yawner. Last night certainly does not qualify.
Now you, too, can own Bonds #39; 700th homer ball -- if only for a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Now, anybody has the chance to say he or she had Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball, if only for a moment in cyberspace. The ball will go on sale in a nine-day Internet auction starting Monday, said the attorney 
 quot;Sorry quot; is hardest word for Blair on Iraq Tony Blair #39;s ministers have said it, his political opponents are baying for it but the prime minister refuses to utter it -- when it comes to the Iraq war,  quot;sorry quot; is the word on everyone else #39;s lips.
Ibrahimovic completes Juve recovery ROME (AFP) - Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored his seventh league goal of the season as Juventus came from behind to defeat Lazio 2-1 and restore their four point lead at the top of Serie A. Defending champions AC 
150 Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners in their campaign to drive out coalition forces and hamper reconstruction:
Congress Leads Exit Polls in Key Indian State (Reuters) Reuters - India's ruling center-left Congress\party was heading for victory in elections in the key western\state of Maharashtra that the heart of business and Bollywood,\television exit polls showed on Wednesday.
U.S. Stocks Rise at the Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on  Wednesday, as McDonald's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose  sharply and quarterly reports from Intel Corp. and Yahoo Inc.  pleased Wall Street, lifting technology shares.
EU Charges Four Countries Favor Intel  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - France, the Netherlands, Finland and  Sweden are violating European Union law by favoring chips made  by Intel over rival AMD when they buy computers, the European  Commission said in formal charges filed on Wednesday.
US election splits military in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The soldier is willing to fight to the death in Baghdad's mean streets, but when he hears two words -- John Kerry -- he cringes.
Nordic nations 'most competitive' Nordic countries are leading the way in global economic competitiveness, with Finland topping the World Economic Forum's latest rankings.
Austrians finish one-two in World Cup super-G, three Canadians in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - The Austrian women claimed their first victory of the season, finishing one-two in the year #39;s opening World Cup super-giant slalom race Sunday, while three Canadians finished in the top 20.
Global Competitiveness Survey Highlights NEW YORK - It doesn #39;t look like Britannia will again rule the waves anytime soon. In the World Economic Forum #39;s Global Competitiveness Report, the UK #39;s business environment rose four places to 11th this year, ahead of Germany at 13 and France at 27.
Crude oil prices end sharply lower amid profit-taking Crude oil futures fell sharply Tuesday as traders opted to cash in profits after six straight sessions of strong gains in oil market.
King #39;s no more Mr Nice Guy THE little-noticed drop in the pound on the foreign exchanges is starting to worry Mervyn King. In a speech in the rarefied setting of the Eden Project in Cornwall, the Bank of England governor noted that 
Astros in, Pettitte out The former Yankee, sidelined by surgery, can only be a spectator for Houston #39;s NLCS matchup with St. Louis. BY DAVID LENNON. ST.
Radcliffe declares to run in Beijing Olympics World marathon record holder Paula Radcliffe has decided to run at 34 in the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing after Athens disappointment.
Miller to receive state funeral Victorian Premier Steve Bracks says a state funeral will be held next week for cricketing great Keith Miller, who died on Monday on the Mornington Peninsula.
Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Pleads for Aid US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage, left, chats with Iraqi Minister of Planning Mahdi al-Hafidh, center, and Iraqi Minister of Electricity Ayham al-Samarrai, prior to the start of a 55-nation Iraqi reconstruction donors #39; conference in Tokyo 
UK #39;s Blair Attacks Opponents of Iraq War After Grave Found UK Prime Minister Tony Blair attacked opponents of his decision to take the nation to war in Iraq, saying allowing Saddam Hussein to remain in power would have risked the murder of more Iraqis.
Canada withdraws subs OTTAWA - Canada has decided to temporarily withdraw from service three British-made submarines after a fire on a fourth vessel, the Defence Ministry said in a statement yesterday.
Japan #39;s troubled Daiei decides to seek aid from government body TOKYO (AFP) - Debt-ridden Japanese retailer Daiei decided to seek help from a state-backed corporate body, reversing an earlier decision after repeated heavy pressure from its creditors.
McDonald #39;s raises earnings outlook OAK BROOK, Ill. - Fast food giant McDonalds says earnings this quarter will be better than forecast, thanks to rising sales and a lower tax bill.
Federal government confirms 2003-04 budget surplus of \$9.1 billion OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government confirmed Wednesday that its tax intake massively outweighed spending in the past fiscal year - producing a budget surplus of \$9.
Soyuz-Expedition 10 Launch Journal The new crew of the International Space Station is in the final hours of preparation to launch at 11:06 EDT tonight, which is Oct. 14 at Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, Russia #39;s launch facility there.
EU asks four countries to justify call for Intel chips The European Commission Wednesday announced it has asked four European Union countries to justify why they favor Intel processors in computers for public authorities.
FDA Approves Use of Chip in Patients (AP) AP - The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors, speeding care.
Cyber-Security to Get Higher-Profile Leader (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge said yesterday that the role of overseeing computer security and the Internet should have a higher profile at the agency, in the face of increasing concern from technology executives and experts that cyber-security is getting inadequate attention.
Supremes Quietly Change Piracy Debate The Supreme Court's decision to skip a hearing on the entertainment industry's legal campaign against online music swappers marks a huge turning point in the Internet piracy debate, regardless of the scant attention it received in the mainstream press. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
France rejects militant's appeal France's High Court of Appeal says a former member of an Italian radical left-wing group must be extradited to Italy.
Report shows China ranks 46th of 104 economies China ranks 46th out of 104 economies evaluated in the Geneva-based World Economic Forum #39;s latest World Competitiveness Report, dropping two places from last year.
HP, DreamWorks Extend Collaboration Computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. on Wednesday said it received a three-year multimillion dollar extension to supply film studio DreamWorks SKG with core computer technology.
Crude oil prices retreat but nagging supply concerns linger Crude oil futures continued to retreat from record levels of more than \$54 US a barrel Wednesday as traders nervously monitored developments in strike-hit Nigeria and recovery efforts in the Gulf of Mexico.
Coles #39; \$1.3b bid raises ALH stakes Australian retailer Coles Myer intensified the battle for the ALH pubs and liquor chain yesterday, topping an offer by Woolworths with aA\$1.
Yukos shares slide amid subsidiary sale fears Shares in the oil giant Yukos today continued to slide amid concerns that the Russian government would sell part of a key subsidiary cheaply in order to finance the company #39;s huge tax debt.
Harris Bank Expands Into Indiana Harris Bank said Wednesday that it is buying a privately held network of banks in northwest Indiana, expanding its branches into the state for the first time.
Canada Has Biggest Surplus in 3 Years, Pays Down Debt (Update1) Canada recorded aC\$9.1 billion (\$7.9 billion) budget surplus in fiscal 2004, five times the government #39;s forecast, as accelerating economic growth generated a tax windfall for Finance Minister Ralph Goodale.
Biotech Stocks Open Lower Shares of Atherogenics Inc. opened down 7.2 percent on the Nasdaq Wednesday following a pre-market report that the drug developer is abandoning further clinical trials of its AGIX-4207 treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.
Bush, Kerry ready for final face-off Wednesday in Arizona WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are set to face off for their third and final debate Wednesday, when the candidates turn from foreign policy to domestic issues.
RPT-UPDATE 2-US mortgage refinancings lose steam despite rates The number of US mortgage refinancings fell sharply last week suggesting that the refinancing boom may have run its course even as rates eased, economists said.
Medical-History Chip Can Be Implanted In Body WASHINGTON -- The Food and Drug Administration has approved an implantable computer chip that can be inserted in patients to pass along their medical history to doctors.
US agency taking spyware to court The US Federal Trade Commission has formally announced its first assault against spyware - bits of computer code that surreptitiously install themselves on the computers of Internet users to track their activities, push them to Web sites, barrage them 
Outage over, PayPal says com October 13, 2004, 7:50 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
European Union Steps Up Probe Of Intel com. In a signal from the European Commission that it is stepping up its investigation into possible illegal business practices by Intel, the commission is asking four European countries why they 
Pod people untouched by Zen Faced with developing serious competition to the powerhouse that is Apple #39;s iPod, Creative #39;s Zen Touch Player takes aim at several of the iPod #39;s features and frailties.
Cell Phones Double as Credit Cards Motorola is the latest company to move towards adding a payment function to its line of cell phones, the company announced this week.
Is Interest in Online Music Fading? Research firm NPD Group says that, while Apple Computer #39;s ITunes service remains the clear market leader in the sector, the number of paying customers using such services has declined since April.
Microsoft #39;s Media Launch Won #39;t Lift Earnings Yet Goldman Sachs said new media offerings from Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people )  quot;are not likely to be material to earnings this fiscal year and possibly longer.
EMC acquires Retrospect maker Dantz OCTOBER 12, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Hopinkton, Mass.-based EMC Corp. announced today that it has acquired Retrospect backup software maker Dantz Development Corp.
Microsoft Refreshes Mac Office While the battle between Microsoft and Apple Computer for the nascent digital media market intensifies, Microsoft #39;s Mac Business Unit has released a significant update for Office 2004 for Mac.
IBM software vendors feel the love IBM is opening up its software developer programme in order to get more bodies behind its battle with Microsoft. Big Blue wants to increase the number of independent software vendors it works with.
Germany coach Klinsmann surprised at criticism Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann has been surprised at the amount of criticism his recent decisions have provoked. Klinsmann was called a  quot;cold-blooded killer quot; by 
Queuing fans miss Kewell ANGRY soccer fans missed most of Harry Kewell #39;s rare Sydney performance on Tuesday because of long queues to buy and collect tickets.
Basketball: Seattle Storm Wins WNBA Finals The Seattle Storm is the new Women #39;s National Basketball Association champion. Seattle defeated the visiting Connecticut Sun, 74-60, in the third and decisive game of the WNBA Finals.
NBA Player Investigated for Dog Fighting Qyntel Woods, No. 24, has been suspended without pay by the Portland Trail Blazers while investigators look into allegations of animal cruelty.
Jets #39; Moss questionable for Sunday Hempstead, NY (Sports Network) - New York Jets wide receiver Santana Moss is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against San Francisco because of a hamstring injury.
PREVIEW-Singh and Els primed for Match Play showdown Vijay Singh and Ernie Els, the world #39;s top two players, could not be more confident going into the World Match Play Championship starting at Wentworth on Thursday.
NASCAR driver T. Labonte to drive limited schedule in Nextel Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Labonte, a native of Corpus Christi, Texas, announced Tuesday that he will compete in at least 10 races with Hendrick Motorsports in 2005 and 2006 before retiring from the series.
India turns against its own ONE major Test win has enabled Australia to unearth a potent new weapon against India ... India. Or, more specifically, Indian fans and critics who get as angry about any loss as they get excited by any victory.
Softbank sues Japan government over 3G bandwidth plan (AFP) AFP - Japanese Internet firm Softbank Corp. asked a court to block a government plan for distributing high-speed bandwidth to mobile phone operators, saying it would bar new entrants until 2012.
Cell Phones Double as Credit Cards (PC World) PC World - Motorola will test handsets that include wireless payment functions.
Lycos Builds Web Circles (PC World) PC World - New social networking site lets users share photos, videos, and more.
Microsoft Refreshes Mac Office (PC World) PC World - Service Pack 1 fixes security flaws, updates individual applications.
Swarms of Locusts Devastating Crops Moving (AP) AP - Swarms of locusts that have devastated crops and pastures across West Africa may hit countries as far away as Pakistan, a U.N. agency said Wednesday as it announced an intensified control campaign.
Taiwan Hopes to Wipe Out Red Fire Ants in 3 Years (Reuters) Reuters - Taiwan wants to eradicate red imported\fire ants within three years but the pest, which has spread\fear across the island, will be tough to get rid of, an\agriculture official said Wednesday.
Australia Says It's Starting to Win Its Locust War (Reuters) Reuters - Australian locust fighters are getting\on top of one of the worst outbreaks of the insects in decades,\knocking out infestations before they begin to swarm and so far\protecting crops from major damage.
Bank of Montreal to expand Harris Bank of Montreal, Canada #39;s fifth largest bank, said Wednesday it plans to buy privately held Mercantile Bancorp Inc., as well as the stock of Lake Commercial Corp.
Soccer: Wenger backs Lehmann to become Germany No 1 LONDON : Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes Jens Lehmann can replace Oliver Khan and become Germany #39;s first-choice goalkeeper in the 2006 World Cup.
Jackson over the moon after eclipsing Sun LAUREN JACKSON yesterday completed an emotional tribute to her  quot;nan Irene quot; when she helped Seattle Storm win the WNBA title.
Ganguly hopes to win the second test against Aussies Captain Sourav Ganguly today said he hoped to win the second test match against Australia beginning in Chennai on Thursday. Despite master blaster Sachin Tendulkar #39;s absence, and a thrashing win by the visitors, Ganguly did not seem to lose hope.
Submariner remembered for his dedication at memorial service held &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The heartbroken crew of HMCS Chicoutimi couldn #39;t muster the strength Wednesday to deliver a eulogy at a memorial service in this picturesque Scottish village for a fallen comrade.
US presses NATO to merge Afghan forces, speed Iraq mission POIANA BRASOV, Romania, Oct 13 (AFP) - The United States persuaded its NATO allies Wednesday to consider ways to merge Alliance-run and US-led forces in Afghanistan, despite deep reservations notably from Germany and France.
Mass Graves Found In Iraq The remains are being unearthed as part of an investigation looking for evidence to use against Saddam Hussein in his future trial.
Nigerian Strike Set to Drag Into Fourth Day A general strike in Nigeria which has raised fears over oil supplies was set to enter a fourth day after a court rebuffed a government request to declare it illegal on Wednesday.
Islamist militant charged after expulsion from Germany ISTANBUL, Oct 13 (AFP) - Metin Kaplan, a Turkish Islamist activist known as the  quot;Caliph of Cologne, quot; was indicted on sedition charges and jailed by an Istanbul criminal court Wednesday, the day after he lost a protracted legal battle against deportation 
Chinese Government Delcares Taiwan Proposal Fraudulent The Chinese government declared Wednesday that a conciliatory proposal made Sunday by President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan was fraudulent, intended only to fool Taiwanese voters and international opinion.
Using New Radar, Israeli Town Ducks Gazan Rockets A custom-built early warning radar installed in an Israeli border town passed its first live test on Wednesday, alerting residents to incoming Palestinian rockets in time for them to take cover.
Problems with PayPal Persist for Fifth Day PayPal #39;s problems arrive at the very start of the crucial holiday selling season. Users began to note problems on Friday following a software upgrade, eBay said.
Study: Apple #1 Music Download Service; Online Buyers Down Apple Computer #39;s online iTunes Music Store (iTMS) remains the leader in paid digital music downloads with 70 of the legally downloaded music market, but the 
Peace Prize a well-deserved honour Sometimes what at first seems like a minor change can actually signal major shift in understanding. Last week, Kenyan deputy environment minister Wangari Maathai won the Nobel Peace Prize - a wonderful achievement for two reasons.
ALK CoPilot Smartphone &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; Review&lt;/strong&gt; Top notch sat nav for Windows handsets
Home Office seeks spin doctor to sell cuddly ID card brand An ID card says something about a man. Oh yes...
Caution Dampens Spirit at Cannes Tech Conference  CANNES, France (Reuters) - Concerns about soaring oil  prices and terrorism have injected fresh caution into global  markets over the last six months, executives and investors said  at a technology conference in Cannes.
UNRWA condemns killing of Palestinian schoolgirl The UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) strongly condemned on Wednesday the killing of a 10-year-old schoolgirl by Israeli troops in the southern Gaza Strip town of Khan Younis.
EU Expands Intel Favoritism Investigation  quot;The bad blood and legal wrangling between Intel and AMD goes back a decade, quot; Jonathan Eunice, an analyst with the research firm Illuminata, told the E-Commerce Times.
Creative unveils 5GB Zen Micro The compact, 5GB unit will  quot;outshine all the others quot;, the company said, with it 12 hour battery life, FM radio with 32 station pre-sets, voice recorder and PDA-style personal information management functionality.
Nigerian Strike Set to Drag Into Fourth Day (Reuters) Reuters - A general strike in Nigeria which has\raised fears over oil supplies was set to enter a fourth day\after a court rebuffed a government request to declare it\illegal on Wednesday.
Will Fox's Bowl Runneth Over? The company wants to charge more money for ad time during the Super Bowl.
Slow-Cruisin' Harley Harley's latest numbers are a lot like the bikes: powerful underneath but not too speedy.
Networks to Test New Exit Polling System (AP) AP - Determined to avoid a repeat of high-profile failures in 2000 and 2002, television networks will rely on new systems on Nov. 2 to help project election winners and analyze why voters made their choices. And they have turned to The Associated Press to count the vote for them.
Golden Times for Golden Arches Attitudes toward burgers have changed, and that's good news for McDonald's.
Invest Like Steinbrenner You might hate his tactics and his team, but the New York Yankees owner is one heck of an investor.
On Debate's Eve, Campaigns Hone Message (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - COLORADO SPRINGS, Oct. 12 -- As President Bush and Democratic presidential nominee John F. Kerry prepared for Wednesday night's final debate, the two sides previewed their themes for the domestic-policy showdown, with the incumbent branding Kerry a liberal and the Democrats decrying Bush's job-creation record.
Beckham Apologizes for Yellow Card Ploy LONDON Oct. 13, 2004 - David Beckham apologized Wednesday for the yellow card ploy that earned him a convenient World Cup suspension.
Qyntel Woods suspension protested Portland Trail Blazers players are protesting the suspension of teammate Qyntel Woods because of allegations involving dogfighting.
Special to ESPN.com Would you have marveled at the sight of a Stanley Cup banner, slowly rising from the ice at the St. Pete Times Forum as the defending Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay Lightning prepared to host the Philadelphia 
U.N. Nuclear Inspectors Ready to Return to Iraq  VIENNA (Reuters) - U.N. inspectors, barred from most of  Iraq since last year's invasion, are ready to return to probe  the disappearance of equipment that could be used in atomic  weapons, the United Nations nuclear watchdog said on Wednesday.
WorldCom's Ebbers Wants Company to Pay Legal Bills Former WorldCom Inc. chief executive Bernard Ebbers has indicated he will seek reimbursement from the company for his millions of dollars in legal bills.
Afghan Vote Count Stalled, Karzai Rival Ends Boycott  KABUL (Reuters) - Another top rival to Afghan election  frontrunner President Hamid Karzai ended his boycott of the  process on Wednesday, but vote counting was further delayed as  a panel began to sift through dozens of complaints of fraud.
Next space station crew to launch Expedition 10, the latest crew to take up residence on the International Space Station, is set to launch from Kazakhstan.
'Sleeping dragon' had bird repose A fossil dinosaur caught sleeping with its head tucked under its forearm has been discovered by Chinese scientists.
Learning languages 'boosts brain' Scientists believe learning a second language alters a part of the brain.
Nigerian Strike Set to Drag Into Fourth Day  ABUJA (Reuters) - A general strike in Nigeria which has  raised fears over oil supplies was set to enter a fourth day  after a court rebuffed a government request to declare it  illegal on Wednesday.
Questions Persist on Canadian Subs as Funeral Held  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Military officials and family members  attended funeral services on Wednesday for a Canadian naval  officer who died as the result of a fire on a second-hand  submarine that Canada bought from Britain.
FASB delays new options expensing rule by 6 months Bowing to corporate pressure, the group that sets standards for the US accounting industry said on Wednesday it postponed the implementation of compulsory expensing of employee stock options by 6 months, to June 15, 2005.
Hardee #39;s September sales up 5 on new products New products helped push Hardee #39;s Food Systems Inc. #39;s sales up 5.1 percent in the four weeks ended Oct. 4, its parent company said Wednesday.
Three Picks For A Communications Rebound Deutsche Bank Securities said the communications-equipment sector is likely to report weak third-quarter results, though  quot;given the extent of negative sentiment among investors, we do not believe this will represent much of a surprise.
Applied Digital Shares Jump on Chip OK Shares of Applied Digital Solutions Inc. and Digital Angel Corp. soared Wednesday morning on news the companies #39; VeriChip implantable radio frequency identification microchip for humans has been cleared by 
Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac Service Pack 1 Theres time for fun and time to focus. When youre ready to get down to business, Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac provides the intuitive, intelligent tools you need to transform your ideas and opportunities into action.
Red Sox Nation Keeps Faith With Pedro BOSTON -- The Red Sox are hoping to rebound Wednesday in New York as they take on the Yankees in Game 2 of their championship series.
Wisconsin, Louisville aiming for upsets What the key is for Wisconsin to beating Purdue #39;s short passing attack with quarterback Kyle Orton? Wisconsin has to rush the passer effectively.
Both sides nervous with season on ice Andy Murray will be biting his nails at a hockey game tonight, even if no one in LA will see it. Keith Carney and Sandis Ozolinsh will be skating in Anaheim but not against the Calgary Flames.
Warne bows to Lillee Today #39;s second Test against India at Chepauk Stadium should end Warne #39;s agonising ascent to the record for which he needs just two wickets to eclipse Muthiah Muralidaran #39;s world mark of 532.
Israel 'worried over world image' A secret Israeli report warns Israel's world image could fall as low as South Africa's during the apartheid era, reports say.
Massive insider trading claim Sharemarket watchdog the Securities Commission has filed unprecedented insider trading action against high-profile former owners and executives of Tranz Rail.
Eftia Joins IBMs PartnerWorld Industry Networks for ISVs Ottawa, Canada (PRWEB) October 13, 2004 -- Eftia, a global provider of operations management software solutions designed to meet the business automation needs of service providers and large enterprises today announced that they have joined IBMs 
FEC Might MoveOn to the Internet With political activity skyrocketing on the web, election officials may be forced to regulate. Also: Yahoo stays strong and growing   hellip;. 7-Eleven joins 21st century   hellip;. and more.
Supreme Court Debates Teenage Executions WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court is considering whether the United States is out of step with the rest of the world, and with national and global standards of decency, by allowing teenage killers to be put to death.    Nineteen states allow capital punishment for 16- and 17-year-olds, and more than 70 juvenile murderers are on death row...
China Declares Taiwan Proposal a Fraud The Chinese government declared Wednesday that a conciliatory proposal made Sunday by President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan was fraudulent, intended only to fool Taiwanese voters and international opinion.
PeopleSoft modifies refund program Company says changes were made due to information that came to light during the trial and to address concerns raised by the judge.
Briefly: SAP spiffs up small business programs roundup Plus: Piracy crackdown yields \$2.2 million...Sun draws Nvidia graphics into Solaris...Tibco scoops up software company.
SAP spiffs up small business programs The software maker releases an upgraded version of its small-business management applications with new features for coordinating factory work.
Media Center 2005 There were a lot of press releases yesterday announcing support Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center 2005. Companies like ATI and NVIDIA announced their products were designed to work with this new operating system.
Majority of FCC OKs Cingular-AT amp;T Wireless-Source A majority of the US Federal Communications Commission has voted to conditionally approve Cingular Wireless #39; proposed acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
FDA Approves Implanted Medical-Records Chip The US Food and Drug Administration gave consenting adults the ability to carry vital medical records wherever they go by voting Wednesday to approve an implantable computer chip the size of a grain of rice.
Qualcomm pushes multicast CDMA The company behind most CDMA technology is now planning to go multicast in order to allow faster and more stable streaming content.
Wednesday, October 13th - 7:30 pm (et) GAME NOTES: The surprising Connecticut Huskies welcome their first-ever ranked opponent to the friendly confines of Rentschler Field, as they play host to the 
EU takes aim at Intel--again The European Commission has asked four more countries for information on how they buy computers. Rival AMD applauds the move.
France fries cell phones Performance venues there can now install signal-jamming equipment to deal with rude mobile-phone users.
Moss Questionable With Strained Hamstring (AP) AP - Jets receiver Santana Moss is questionable for Sunday's game against San Francisco with a strained right hamstring.
Santonja Goes to Quarterfinals at Tashkent (AP) AP - Arantxa Parra Santonja of Spain rallied to beat Belarusian Anastasiya Yakimova 2-6, 6-3, 7-5 Wednesday and advance to quarterfinals of the Tashkent Open.
Trail Blazers Suspend Woods  PORTLAND, Ore., (Sports Network) - Portland Trail Blazers  forward Qyntel Woods was suspended without pay pending the  club's investigation regarding allegations by Multnomah County  for dog abandonment and by Clackamas County for dog fighting.
Japan's JVC joins Blu-ray group The consumer electronics company backs a technology lauded by Sony and others, as the DVD format battle heats up.
Silverstone Owners Want F1 Deal by End-October  LONDON (Reuters) - Silverstone's owners gave a cautious  welcome on Wednesday to the troubled British Grand Prix's  inclusion on the 2005 Formula One calendar.
Singh and Els Primed for Match Play Showdown  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Vijay Singh and Ernie  Els, the world's top two players, could not be more confident  going into the World Match Play Championship starting at  Wentworth Thursday.
Dell taking aim at iPod Mini? PC maker plans to talk consumer electronics this week, and the conversation could turn to a "Pocket DJ."
Paradorn Powers Past Struggling Costa  VIENNA (Reuters) - Fifth seed Paradorn Srichaphan added to  Albert Costa's woes at the Vienna Trophy Wednesday, winning  6-4, 6-4, in the second round.
Ziggy speaks frankly and says he was pushed MARK COLVIN: All this year, the business world has been abuzz with talk about the board of Telstra, and whether Chief Executive Ziggy Switkowski could survive.
IBM launches Atlantic Calling it their most significant release in the last four or five years, IBM's Rational Software on Wednesday formally rolled out its Rational Software Platform, code-named Atlantic, intended to better unify software development across IBM's line of server software.
Beckham Criticized for Suspension FIFA's president criticized England captain David Beckham for deliberately getting himself suspended for a World Cup qualifier and urged the English Football Association to take action.
Cell Phones Double as Credit Cards Motorola will test handsets that include wireless payment functions.
Dollar Lifted by Slipping Oil Prices (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar rose to a three-week high\against the euro on Wednesday, boosted by a fall in the price\of oil, which should help narrow the U.S. trade deficit and\thus benefit the dollar.
Blue Chips Fall on Commodity, Oil Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue chips fell on Wednesday as a\steep decline in commodity prices and lower crude oil dented\shares of Alcoa Inc.  and Exxon Mobil Corp.,\outweighing strong earnings from McDonald's Corp. .
U.S. CEOs' Confidence Slips Further (Reuters) Reuters - Confidence among chief executives in\the U.S. economy slipped for the second straight quarter,\private research firm The Conference Board said on Wednesday.
Germany has no plans to change its Iraq policy: Schroeder (AFP) AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder renewed his firm opposition to deploying troops to Iraq, a spokesman said, slapping down hints at a change in policy from his defense minister.
U.S. Allies Don't Want NATO in Afghanistan (AP) AP - France and Germany spoke out Wednesday against a U.S. proposal to put NATO in charge of the military and reconstruction efforts in Afghanistan, but U.S. and other officials said the alliance would go ahead and develop options for merging the missions.
GM Set to Cut About 10,000 Jobs - Source  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - General Motors will cut around 10,000  jobs in Europe in a drive to save some 500 million euros  (\$613.4 million) a year and return its loss-making operations  there to profit, a company source said on Wednesday.
Sky-High Oil Price Down for a Second Day  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from record peaks for a  second session on Wednesday as big-money funds took profits  from a searing rally on signs that high commodity prices are  finally starting to dampen demand.
McDonald's Quarterly Earnings Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; third-quarter  earnings rose a higher-than-expected 42 percent on a  preliminary basis, the world's largest restaurant chain said on  Wednesday, citing strong sales in the United States and a lower  tax rate.
Dollar Lifted by Slipping Oil Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose to a three-week high  against the euro on Wednesday, boosted by a fall in the price  of oil, which should help narrow the U.S. trade deficit and  thus benefit the dollar.
Blue Chips Fall on Commodity, Oil Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips fell on Wednesday as a  steep decline in commodity prices and lower crude oil dented  shares of Alcoa Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt; and Exxon Mobil Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;,  outweighing strong earnings from McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Treasuries Edge Narrowly Higher at Midday  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices moved narrowly  higher on Wednesday as an earlier bout of profit-taking turned  into a chance to buy securities, traders said.
EU Sues Germany Over Volkswagen Law  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission dragged  Germany to court on Wednesday over a law that shields carmaking  icon Volkswagen AG from hostile takeovers, the culmination of a  long battle to break down barriers to foreign investment.
Middle Class America The Post's Jonathan Weisman discusses the increasing importance of temporary employment to the American economy.
Ahold, Former Executives Settle SEC Charges Global grocery retailer Ahold NV has agreed to a settlement of civil fraud charges over an alleged \$1 billion overstatement of earnings in a deal with U.S. regulators that does not fine the company.
Northern Light Announces Business Research Engine Northern Light Announces Business Research Engine\
Microsoft Releases 10 Security Patches for Windows, Excel, and IE Microsoft Releases 10 Security Patches for Windows, Excel, and IE\\If you use Microsoft Windows, Excel, or their Internet Explorer browser you better watch out, because there are some large security holes that need patching. Microsoft on Tuesday published 10 software security advisories, warning Windows users and corporate administrators of 22 ...
News: Seven critical in MS October patch batch Microsoft yesterday released 10 new security bulletins to fix multiple components in its Windows operating system and applications.\
News: Prosecutor resigns over hacked PC A leading Dutch prosecuter resigned yesterday after hackers entered his mail box and revealed yet another classified letter addressed to the public prosecutor's office.\
HP to sell PathScale compilers Hewlett-Packard will resell PathScale's compiling tools for high-performing clusters.
Open-source Web tools company nets VC funding A \$5 million infusion of venture capital will help Laszlo Systems work on tools to build Web pages.
Taking aim at iPods, cell phones roundup Virgin introduces a tiny music player, and Dell could be ready to unveil its own "Pocket DJ." Also: In France, cell phone silence is golden.
DreamWorks Animation Will Sell 29 Million Shares Katzenberg is taking the animation unit public in a year that has seen box office success for the studio:  quot;Shrek 2 quot; has brought in \$876.
Molson-Coors Merger Gets Canadian Competition Bureau Clearance Molson Inc., Canada #39;s biggest beer maker, and Adolph Coors Co., the third-largest US brewer, won clearance from Canada #39;s Competition Bureau for their planned \$3.
Metro Briefs DETROIT - General Motors Corp. #39;s ratings on about \$200 billion in debt may be cut by Moody #39;s Investors Service, which cited unsold vehicles in North America, losses in Europe and rising health care costs.
Ex-employee: Spyware maker used Rochester club The longtime general manager of a defunct city nightclub says his former boss is not telling the truth about the clubs role in a computer spyware operation.
Russian-US crew prepares for launch to international space station All three men heading to the international space station in a Russian-built Soyuz spacecraft this Thursday will be riding the tiny craft for the first time, breaking with 30 years of tradition.
Update 5: EU Expands Probe Into Intel Favortism The European Union #39;s head office Wednesday expanded its probe into whether EU governments are illegally requiring that the computers they buy must contain microprocessors made by Intel Corp.
Motorola to Test MasterCard PayPass Technology Motorola Inc. will be conducting a field trial of mobile phones enabled with MasterCard PayPass, a new  quot;contactless quot; payment option that will allow users to use their phones to make payments.
Trigenix Buy Gives Qualcomm European In-road Qualcomm Inc. figures to expand is presence in the European wireless arena with the \$36 million purchase of Trigenix. Founded in 2000, United Kingdom-based Trigenix develops 
Mac OS X For your PC A Hawaiian company specializing in streaming video claims to have developed a \$50 software emulator that allows a Windows PC to run Apple Computer #39;s Mac OS X. Maui X-Stream on Tuesday announced CherryOS, a virtual PC that mimics the hardware of a G4 Mac.
Schiavone rallies to upset Petrova The tough Russian women #39;s field suffered its first loss early Wednesday when Italy #39;s Francesca Schiavone came back from a set down to upset eighth-seeded Nadia Petrova 0-6, 6-3, 6-4 in the second round of the US\$2.
Crew prepares for launch to International Space Station A two-man crew launches to the International Space Station tonight, tasked with keeping the outpost running and ready for space shuttles that will arrive after the men leave.
Germany Signals Shift on Iraq Policy In a possible softening of its strict non-deployment policy in Iraq, Germany #39;s defense minister said he could not rule out sending troops there in the future.
Allawi threatens rebel-held Fallujah with force Perhaps seeking to leverage any momentum from recent negotiations with prominent citizens of the volatile Iraqi city of Fallujah, Iraqi Prime Minister Allawi Wednesday issued what The Australian Broadcasting Corporation calls an  quot;ultimatum.
Tom Cruise, Oprah Co-Host Nobel Concert LOS ANGELES (Zap2it.com) - Following his role as a hired killer in  quot;Collateral, quot; Tom Cruise will host this year #39;s Nobel Peace Prize concert.
Israeli Says Country Will Become Isolated (AP) AP - Israel is set on a collision course with the European Union and could turn into a pariah state, like South Africa during the apartheid years, if the Mideast conflict is not resolved, Israel's Foreign Ministry warns in a confidential 10-year forecast.
Feds Ask to Give Overseas Voters More Time (AP) AP - The federal government asked a judge to give military families and overseas voters in Pennsylvania until after the Nov. 2 election to submit absentee ballots for president because of an ongoing court fight over Ralph Nader's ballot status.
Florida Supreme Court to Rule on Backup Ballots (Reuters) Reuters - Voters displaced by\hurricanes or given flawed instructions should be allowed to\cast ballots outside their designated precincts, critics of\Florida's provisional ballot law told the state Supreme Court\on Wednesday.
Supreme Court Questions Juvenile Death Penalty (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court questioned on\Wednesday whether world opinion against the death penalty for\juveniles should influence its decision on the\constitutionality of executing those who committed murder at\age 16 or 17.
U.S. SEC Proposes Stricter Rules for IPOs The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission on Wednesday proposed stricter rules to halt\underwriting practices that artificially boost demand for\shares in initial public offerings.
UN scaling back Darfur food aid The World Food Programme scales back its projects in Darfur in Sudan because of worsening security.
5 U.S. Soldiers Killed in Iraq Attacks BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attack and roadside bombings killed six American soldiers, the U.S. command said Wednesday, as U.S...
Stocks Mixed on Strong Earnings Reports NEW YORK - Falling oil prices and strong earnings from Intel Corp. and McDonald's Corp...
Yankees, Red Sox Ready for Game 2 of ALCS NEW YORK - A day after giving Boston ace Curt Schilling a pounding, the New York Yankees look to take a 2-0 lead over Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox in Game 2 of the American League Championship Series on Wednesday night. Martinez (16-9) faces Jon Lieber (14-8)...
Ahold, Ex-Execs Settle with Regulators Ahold NV (AHLN.AS: Quote, Profile, Research) , the Dutch grocery operator, and three former top executives have agreed to settle US securities fraud charges related to massive overbooking of profits, the company and US regulators 
Moody #39;s may cut HCA #39;s rating deeper into junk Moody #39;s Investors Service on Wednesday said it may cut its bond ratings on HCA Inc. (HCA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) deeper into junk, citing the hospital operator #39;s plan to buy back about \$2.
Swiss remain competitive despite ratings slip Switzerland has slipped down another place in the global league of most competitive nations, but still ranks in the top ten.
US Accounting Board Approves Options-Expense Rule (Update1) The US Financial Accounting Standards Board approved a rule that will force companies to treat employee stock options as an expense and delayed its implementation until next June.
Lamy says Airbus pleased with US decision to take subsidy dispute &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European aircraft manufacturing group Airbus believes it will benefit from a US decision to take a subsidy dispute to the WTO, since the move will destabilize development of the 7E7 by US rival Boeing, EU Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy said here 
PayPal.com resumes operations after four-day service disruption OCTOBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Four days after its online payment Web site was slowed and only intermittently available to users due to a coding problem, PayPal.
DHS mulls shift in cyberczars power Homeland Security Department officials are reviewing the status of their cybersecurity chief, a position now vacant following the abrupt resignation of Amit Yoran See GCN story.
Outage nearly over, PayPal says PayPal said late Tuesday that it has fixed a software glitch that locked some of its customers out of their accounts and crippled eBay users #39; ability to complete online transactions.
Froogle released in Europe Google #39;s shopping-specific search site, Froogle, has seen its first release outside US shores. The UK is the first European country to get Google #39;s shopping search and comparison service.
Game Data: Ohio State at Iowa We have all of the pertinent data, the ABC coverage map, depth charts and one man #39;s prediction for Saturday #39;s game at Iowa (3:30 pm).
Moss questionable for Sunday The Jets announced on Wednesday that wide receiver/punt returner Santana Moss is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against the San Francisco 49ers.
SBC to Use WiFi Network to Extend Cingular Reach (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications Inc.  will\use its growing roster of public Wi-Fi access points as a\springboard for Cingular Wireless services, including advanced\phones and voice services using Internet technology.
IBM launches Atlantic (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Calling it their most significant release in the last four or five years, IBM's Rational Software on Wednesday formally rolled out its Rational Software Platform, code-named Atlantic, intended to better unify software development across IBM's line of server software.
Greenhouse Gas Jump Shows Kyoto Vital - UK (Reuters) Reuters - A worrying rise in the levels of\so-called greenhouse gases linked to climate change highlights\the importance of the Kyoto protocol, British Environment\Minister Elliot Morley said Wednesday.
Genetic Factors Influence Male Homosexuality-Study (Reuters) Reuters - Genetic factors, along with cultural and\early experiences, influence male homosexuality, Italian\scientists said on Wednesday.
SBC to Use WiFi Network to Extend Cingular Reach  LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - SBC Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SBC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; will  use its growing roster of public Wi-Fi access points as a  springboard for Cingular Wireless services, including advanced  phones and voice services using Internet technology.
London court set to rule whether radical cleric to face charges (AFP) AFP - Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri was set to learn Thursday whether he would be charged under Britain's anti-terrorism law, thus delaying his possible extradition to the United States to face terrorism-related charges.
EU leaders hold talks in Sudan after new sanctions threat (AFP) AFP - A European Union delegation led by Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot was holding talks after renewed EU sanctions threat against Khartoum over the Darfur crisis.
Congress Leads Exit Polls in Key Indian State  BOMBAY (Reuters) - India's ruling center-left Congress  party was heading for a narrow win in elections in the key  western state of Maharashtra that is the heart of business and  Bollywood, two television exit polls showed on Wednesday.
Bringing Space Composites Down to Earth European Space Agency -- Innovative uses for plastics, rubber and their derivatives will be on display next week in Dsseldorf, at the world's leading trade fair for plastics and rubber, K2004.     A team from ESA will be present to show visitors how these commonplace materials can be used in space  and how this can lead to new technology for use on Earth...
Greener pastures--and wallets--for tech workers? Study predicts better salaries and more competitive IT job market in the next three years.
Briefly: HP to sell PathScale compilers roundup Plus: Open-source Web tools company nets VC funding...SAP spiffs up small business programs...Piracy crackdown yields \$2.2 million...Sun draws Nvidia graphics into Solaris.
UK paper moves to Enfield Production staff - now standing at 1000 - will be cut by two-thirds as News International, the UK newspaper unit of News Corp, moves its London printing facilities from Wapping to Enfield.
Ryzhkov: Yukos Case Is State Banditry Independent lawmaker Vladimir Ryzhkov called the looming sale of the Yukos oil company #39;s core production unit legal chaos and criticized the role of the Western investment bank that valued the subsidiary.
FDA approves injecting ID chips in patients The US Food and Drug Administration has approved the practice of injecting humans with tracking devices for medical purposes, according to a Florida company that makes the devices.
Google B #39;lore to be  #39;ideas #39; centre BANGALORE: Google Bangalore, the first R amp;D centre outside the US of the number one internet search engine, is to be an ideas centre, said the fab-two who set up the company six years ago.
Delta pilots offer a new contract proposal Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) pilots, who have been negotiating a slew of employment issues with company management, have offered a new contract proposal 
FASB Delays Options Expensing Rule Bowing to corporate pressure, the group that sets standards for the US accounting industry said on Wednesday it postponed the implementation of compulsory expensing of employee 
Fed #39;s McTeer sole candidate to head Texas A amp;M Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert McTeer was named on Wednesday as the sole candidate to become Chancellor of the Texas A amp;M University System and his office said he would release a statement later.
US SEC Proposes Stricter IPO Rules Artificially boosting demand for initial public stock offerings and ramping up related commissions would be restricted under rules proposed on Wednesday by the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
Antitrust Pressure Against Intel Appears to Ease in Europe As antitrust pressure against Intel appeared to ease today, the European Commission filed complaints against France, the Netherlands, Sweden and Finland saying they unfairly 
Microsoft Issues Flurry of Fixes on Busy Patch Day Updated: A  quot;cumulative security update quot; plugs eight holes in the Internet Explorer browser, while other patches address  quot;critical quot; vulnerabilities in the Windows shell, in SMTP and elsewhere.
IBM Unveils New TotalStorage Servers  quot;Our goal is to be number one in the data-storage system market, quot; says Cindy Grossman, director of IBM #39;s TotalStorage programs.
Space Crew Takes First Spin in a Soyuz BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan -- This week #39;s trip to the international space station will be the cosmonauts #39; first flight in a Soyuz spacecraft -- a rupture with the 30-year tradition of having at least one crewman with previous experience in piloting the capsule.
PayPal Says System Glitches Substantially Fixed PayPal, the online payment system owned by eBay Inc. (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Wednesday said it has fixed most of the problems that for five days left some users unable 
Motorola, MasterCard trial RFID PayPass system Motorola and MasterCard are conducting field tests of new mobile phones that include Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) chips embedded in them as part of a cashless payment system dubbed PayPass.
Novell to defend open-source software with patents OCTOBER 13, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Novell Inc. is prepared to use its portfolio of software patents to protect its open-source software products against lawsuits, the company said in a statement posted 
Fake David Beckham Pictures Launch Trojan Horse Virus Hackers have posted thousands of messages advertising pictures of David Beckham, supposedly in a compromising position. What inquisitive users actually get is the Hackarmy trojan horse -- a 
Virgin Electronics Enters MP3 Player Market Virgin Electronics is challenging Apple #39;s iPod digital-music player, launching its own 5-GB device. Virgin #39;s player can store more than 1,200 tracks and sells for \$249.
Enter your e-mail: The folks at the Wi-Fi Alliance--the trade group that certifies Wi-Fi products from different vendors for compatibility--called today to share their thoughts about a coming wave of products promising superior performance to today #39;s fastest 802.
Disney Sends Out Three October 13, 2004 - Disney Interactive announced today that it has shipped three TV-based titles for the Game Boy Advance: Disney #39;s That #39;s So Raven, Disney #39;s Lizzie McGuire 2: Lizzie Diaries, and Disney #39;s Lilo  amp; Stitch 2: Hamsterviel Havoc are all now 
Google launches UK version of Froogle Google, the giant Internet search engine, is launching a British version of its shopping comparison site Froogle, the Guardian reported Wednesday.
Adobe releases hobbyist Photoshop package com October 13, 2004, 12:19 PM PT. According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
Dell launches Axim X50 and X50v Dell has upgraded its X30 with the X50 range of handhelds with three new models. The new Axim handheld computers offer Intel XScale Processors up to 624MHz, integrated Wi-Fi 802.
Schilling #39;s ankle will require surgery Curt Schilling needs surgery on his injured right ankle, but the Red Sox hope he will still be able to pitch Game 5 of the AL championship series Sunday.
Britain, France and San Marino Provisional on 2005 F1 Calendar The British, French and San Marino Grand Prix Formula One races got a reprieve Wednesday, when they were listed on the provisional 2005 Formula One calendar.
Wales fail to give manager Hughes winning send-off Wales failed to give departing manager Mark Hughes the send-off he wanted as Poland performed a smash and grab act to win 3-2 at the Millennium Stadium in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Late goal salvages N.Ireland draw against Austria A goal deep in injury time from Stuart Elliott salvaged a 3-3 draw for Northern Ireland in a pulsating World Cup European Group Six qualifier against Austria on Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-Keane sets all-time Ireland scoring record Striker Robbie Keane set an all-time scoring record of 23 for Ireland with both goals in a 2-0 victory over the Faroe Islands on Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-Van Nistelrooy double helps Dutch sink Finland Ruud van Nistelrooy scored a goal in each half as the Netherlands recovered from a goal down to beat Finland 3-1 in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Henry scores to help France to 2-0 win Striker Thierry Henry scored his first international goal for four months to help struggling France snatch a badly needed 2-0 victory over Cyprus in their World Cup Group Four qualifier on Wednesday.
Sides talking but not to eachother The National Hockey League #39;s top negotiator, Bill Daly, says that by not talking to the National Hockey League Players #39; Association, the league is actually moving the process forward.
A little good news for winless Dolphins: Welker wins special teams &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rookie Wes Welker kicked off, then made the tackle. He returned punts and kickoffs, kicked a PAT and even made a field goal, providing a lift for a team that has had little to celebrate this season.
Germany Rejects Speculation That Iraq Policy May Change German officials today reaffirmed their policy of not contributing troops to the American-led coalition in Iraq and rejected speculation, prompted by a remark by the 
Russia Treads Fine Line On Iranian Nuclear Issue At a press conference during his recent visit to Tehran, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Russia does not support the idea of referring Tehran #39;s nuclear case to the United 
More dead in Gaza rampage At least four Palestinians have been killed and five injured in the continuing Israeli onslaught on the Gaza Strip. In the latest violence a Palestinian teenager was shot dead and two others wounded by Israeli 
EU Sues Berlin Over Volkswagen Law The EU Commission on Wednesday dragged Berlin to court over a law that shields carmaking icon Volkswagen from hostile takeovers, the culmination of a long campaign to break down barriers to foreign investment.
Gay row hits EC BRUSSELS: European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso has defended the appointment of Rocco Buttiglione as Europe #39;s justice and security chief, despite outrage at his claims that homosexuality is a sin.
Canada docks sub fleet pending navy probe The navy has docked its fleet of submarines pending the investigation of a deadly fire at sea, renewing questions over the viability of Canada #39;s troubled underwater capability.
Sinai Attacks Appear to Have Limited Effect on Egyptian Tourism The terrorist bombings last week at resorts along Egypt #39;s Red Sea coast raised fears of another slump in the country #39;s tourism industry, a key sector of its economy.
Red Sox Turn to Martinez The New York Yankees look to take a 2-0 lead over Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox in Game 2 of the AL Championship Series on Wednesday.
Ban for former Ahold executives Dutch food retailer Ahold and three former top executives have agreed to settle fraud charges related to \$1bn overstatement of profits.
Schilling's Ankle Will Require Surgery (AP) AP - Curt Schilling needs surgery on his injured right ankle, but the Red Sox hope he will still be able to pitch Game 5 of the AL championship series Sunday.
Rockets' Yao Goes Back to School in China (AP) AP - A day before starring in the NBA's first China game, Yao Ming went back to school. All the way back. The 7-foot-6 center visited his old elementary school Wednesday as part of an NBA sponsored program to promote reading. That was just one part of the league's promotional juggernaut that has descended on Yao's hometown ahead of Thursday's exhibition game against the Sacramento Kings, the first NBA game in China.
Florida Coach Zook Admits Confrontation (AP) AP - Florida coach Ron Zook acknowledged Wednesday that he confronted several fraternity members after a fight between them and three of his players last month, and athletic director Jeremy Foley called Zook's behavior "unacceptable."
Top-Seeded Ljubicic Advances in Metz (AP) AP - Top-seeded Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia defeated Raemon Sluiter of the Netherlands 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (4) Wednesday in the second round of the Open de Moselle.
Panthers Lose Jenkins for Season  CHARLOTTE, N.C., (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers  defensive tackle Kris Jenkins was placed on injured reserve  Wednesday and will miss the remainder of the season because of  a shoulder injury.
Warrick Doubtful for Sunday  CINCINNATI (Sports Network) - Cincinnati Bengals wide  receiver Peter Warrick is doubtful for Sunday's game against  Cleveland because of a shin injury.
Paradorn Powers Past Struggling Costa  VIENNA (Reuters) - Fifth seed Paradorn Srichaphan added to  Albert Costa's woes at the Vienna Trophy Wednesday, winning  6-4, 6-4, to reach the second round.
Chip Implant Can Be Used to Get Health Records -US A computer chip that is implanted under the skin won US approval on Wednesday for use in helping doctors quickly access a patient #39;s medical history.
Feds McTeer tapped to head Texas A amp;M - FRX ECO INDUSAFIN ENG  2004-10-13 22:22:02 Fed #39;s McTeer tapped to head Texas A amp;M - UPDATE 1 WASHINGTON (AFX) -- Robert McTeer, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, said he would retire from his post if named, as 
Dell swings new Axims into play The Axim 50 range comprises entry- and mid-level Axim 50 models and the Axim 50v which boasts a larger 3.7in screen supporting full VGA resolution and bundled game, plus greater graphics power in the form of the 16MB Intel 2700 accelerator.
Schilling questionable for Game 5 with dislocated tendon NEW YORK -- Curt Schilling #39;s postseason might come to a premature end because of a dislocated tendon in his right ankle. Boston team doctor William Morgan said Wednesday afternoon that Red Sox trainers will 
Time for a new leader England v Azerbaijan - another game for the national side totally overshadowed by David Beckham. This is, of course, a not uncommon phenomena.
2004 NLCS Preview: Cardinals vs. Astros The best team in the National League will meet the hottest team in baseball when the Cards take on the Astros in the LCS. Game 2: Matt Morris (0-1, 5.14 ERA, 5 K) vs.
Phils give Baylor managing interview The former manager of the Colorado Rockies and Chicago Cubs was in town to interview for the Phillies #39; vacancy at the same position.
US, G-8 nations to talk of Iran penalties Friday The Bush administration will take up strategy for UN sanctions against Iran at a meeting Friday of senior officials from eight nations.
Nigerian court rule on ongoing strike hailed by trade union Nigeria #39;s umbrella union on Wednesday hailed a high court rule on the ongoing warning strike against rising domestic fuel prices, saying the government has failed to stop the strike using the court.
Netherlands beats Finland in World Cup qualifier after nightmare &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ruud van Nistelrooy returned with a vengeance, scoring twice in the Netherlands #39; 3-1 victory over Finland in World Cup qualifying Wednesday.
Jenkins may be lost for season CHARLOTTE -- Just when it seemed the Carolina Panthers #39; luck with injuries couldn #39;t get any worse, it appears to be about to.
Tory MP calls for independent experts at sub inquiry OTTAWA - The navy board of inquiry investigating the fatal submarine fire aboard HMCS Chicoutimi should include independent members, perhaps from another country, says Tory MP Bill Casey.
Federal reserve bank chief finalist for A amp;M job Texas A amp;M University System regents selected the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas as the sole finalist for its chancellorship today.
Poles are party-poopers POLAND produced a stunning comeback to deny departing Wales manager Mark Hughes a happy send-off at the Millennium Stadium today. The home side dominated the first-half and Robbie Savage finally unlocked the 
Austrian seeds move on THIRD seed Rainer Schuettler and No.5 Paradorn Srichaphan advanced to the second round of the CA Trophy today. Schuettler, a finalist at this year #39;s Australian Open, seized the initiative early and broke the Austrian at 2-2, enough to win the first set.
Dolphins sign Matt Bryant MIAMI (Ticker) - The winless Miami Dolphins signed kicker Matt Bryant on Wednesday and announced sidelined running back Lamar Gordon had successful surgery on his shoulder.
Disney releases three for GBA Lilo  amp; Stitch 2, Lizzie McGuire 2, That #39;s So Raven jump from your TV to the Game Boy Advance today. Disney Interactive announced today that three Game Boy Advance titles based on Disney Channel children #39;s television properties have shipped to retail.
Schilling #39;s Ankle Will Require Surgery Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling watches as New York Yankees Gary Sheffield rounds first base after hitting a double in the first inning of game one of the ALCS in New York Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004.
Kremlin Cup Upset for Nadia Petrova The tough Russian women #39;s field suffered its first loss early Wednesday when Italy #39;s Francesca Schiavone came back from a set down to upset eighth-seeded Nadia Petrova 0-6, 6-3, 6-4 in the second round of the \$2.
Astros #39; Backe living out a dream CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Houston Astros aren #39;t pitching future Hall of Famer Roger Clemens or 20-game-winner Roy Oswalt in Game 1 of the National League Championship Series.
Russia to Sell Big Yukos Unit at Low-End Price The Russian government said on Tuesday that it would sell part of the oil giant Yukos #39;s most valuable subsidiary by the end of November, but at a price well below what investors and analysts consider its worth.
VeriChip Approved by FDA for Medical Use in Humans About the size of a grain of rice, VeriChip cannot be seen by the human eye and contains a unique 16-digit verification number that is captured by briefly passing a proprietary scanner over the insertion site.
Update 2: Ahold, Three Former Execs Settle Charges Global grocery retailer Ahold NV has agreed to a settlement of civil fraud charges over an alleged \$1 billion overstatement of earnings in a deal with US regulators that does not fine the company.
Pilot talks continue; Delta shares fall ATLANTA -- Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. fell Monday on the fear among some analysts that the struggling carrier will be forced into bankruptcy if it doesn #39;t get significant wage concessions from its pilots in the next three weeks.
US Supreme Court hears arguments on juvenile death penalty (AFP) AFP - The US Supreme Court heard arguments on the legality of the death penalty for criminals under age 18 in a case that has received international attention.
Henry on target for French THIERRY HENRY finally added to his recent meagre goal tally for France in this World Cup qualifier today. Henry scored in the closing stages after Sylvain Wiltord #39;s opener, for only his third international 
US Considering Incentives for Iran Resigning Iranian Vice-President Mohammad Ali Abtahi, center, and newly appointed Vice-President Majid Ansari, second left, attend a meeting of the central council of their party President Mohammad Khatami accepted Abtahi #39;s resignation, in Tehran, Iran 
Schroeder Rules Out German Troops for Iraq  BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder on  Wednesday ruled out sending German troops to Iraq after his  defense minister said a deployment could be possible in the  future.
Tennis: Stepanek dumps top seed Safin out of Kremlin Cup MOSCOW : Unseeded Czech Radek Stepanek produced a major upset when he dumped top seeded Russian Marat Safin out of the 2.3 million dollar Kremlin Cup tournament in the second round.
Police Play Down Fears of Post-Beslan Reprisals  VLADIKAVKAZ, Russia (Reuters) - Police in the Russian  region traumatized by the Beslan school siege played down  reprisal fears as mourning drew to a close, while locals  thought the shattered community was too exhausted for revenge.
Cambodia tribunal may pave way for judicial reform Optimism has been tempered by years of negotiations and legislative delays; many Cambodians lost hope long ago.
In Beslan, a tense bid for calm Russian officials hope to prevent reprisals as a 40-day mourning period ends for victims of the school siege.
Adobe Ships New Version Of Photoshop Elements Adobe Systems Inc. on Wednesday released an upgrade of its consumer-focused photo-editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
Netherlands beats Finland 3-1 in World Cup qualifier after poor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ruud van Nistelrooy scored two goals Wednesday as the Netherlands rebounded from a poor start to beat Finland 3-1 in a World Cup qualifying match.
Oil set to top Russia-China talks Russia's president says Moscow's interests come first as he starts his China visit to discuss key oil projects.
Al-Qaeda figures 'held in Jordan' The CIA declines to comment on a report that senior al-Qaeda suspects are being held in Jordan.
Former SA official denies graft A former advisor to the South Africa's deputy president pleads not guilty to charges of fraud and corruption.
SA edges up the pile South Africa has moved up a spot on the World Economic Forums Global Competitiveness Index; SA is now 41 out of 104 countries ranked on the basis of competitiveness.
PeopleSoft exec: We pumped up earnings com October 13, 2004, 2:19 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Rape 'a weapon in Colombia war' Sexual violence is being used to terrorise entire communities caught in Colombia's conflict, Amnesty says.
Illegal wood seized across Spain Spanish Civil Guard officers seized 33 tonnes of illegal Brazilian tropical wood in raids on a number of cities.
New Crew Ready for Space Station Mission A Russian Soyuz rocket is due to blast off from the Central Asian republic of Kazakhstan early Thursday. Astronaut Leroy Chiao and cosmonaut Salizhan Sharipovalso will observe conditions on 
We are open to UN inspectors, says Iraq BAGHDAD: UN nuclear inspectors are welcome to return, an Iraqi minister said on Tuesday in response to concerns of an apparent systematic dismantlement of Saddam Husseins once-vigorous nuclear programme.
Finland Ranked World #39;s Most Competitive Economy Finland has topped the rankings in the Global Competitiveness Report for the third time in the last four years. The United States has maintained its second-place position.
F.D.A. Approves Implantable Chip for Patient's Health Data The Food and Drug Administration approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors.
Cisco to Sell Routers with Fujitsu  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest maker of gear to direct Internet traffic, said on  Sunday Japanese computer and electronics provider Fujitsu Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=6702.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;6702.T&lt;/A&gt; will sell Cisco's high-end routers and switches in  Japan.
Lava Gives Mount St. Helens Eerie Glow SEATTLE - The molten rock rising inside Mount St. Helens is giving the peak an eerie red glow at night...
Soaring Oil Prices Send Stocks Skidding NEW YORK - Soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news Wednesday, sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new fears that the market is in the midst of a commodities bubble.    Stronger than expected profits at chip bellwether Intel Corp...
Appeals Court Denies Moussaoui Hearing WASHINGTON - Terrorism suspect Zacarias Moussaoui lost a bid Wednesday to have the full 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals review two issues - witness access and the death penalty - that have delayed a trial...
6 U.S. Soldiers Killed in Iraq Attacks BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attack and roadside bombings killed six American soldiers, the U.S. command said Wednesday, as U.S...
Apple Profit Doubles; Outlook Tops Views (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  on\Wednesday reported its quarterly profit more than doubled, on\strong sales of its iPod digital music player and notebook\computers and said revenue and earnings for the current quarter\would top Wall Street estimates.
Bank of Italy chief warns public accounts in "serious" shape (AFP) AFP - Italy's public accounts are in  quot;serious quot; imbalance and corrective measures are needed to prevent the public deficit from skyrocketing above the European Union limit in the coming years, Bank of Italy governor Antonio Fazio said.
Mothers of Russian GIs Appeal to Rebels (AP) AP - A group of Russian mothers, desperate for peace in Chechnya, told rebels in the breakaway region Wednesday they were ready to mediate peace between the government and militants fighting a decade-long battle for independence.
McDonald's Earnings Rise, Stock Up  CHICAGO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; third-quarter  earnings per share rose a higher-than-expected 42 percent on a  preliminary basis, the world's largest restaurant chain said on  Wednesday, citing strong sales in the United States and a lower  tax rate.
Sola Says Agrees to Be Sold for \$815 Mln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sola International &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SOL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SOL.N&lt;/A&gt;, an  eyeglass lens maker, said on Sunday that it had agreed to be  bought by Germany's Carl Zeiss AG and European private equity  firm EQT for about \$815 million in cash.
Bayer to Pay Fine for Rubber Price Fixing  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Germany's Bayer AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BAYG.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BAYG.DE&lt;/A&gt; has  agreed to plead guilty and pay a \$4.7 million fine for taking  part in a conspiracy to fix the prices of synthetic rubber, the  U.S. Justice Department said on Wednesday.
Banker Questioned in Enron Criminal Case  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Prosecutors in the first Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; criminal trial sought to cast doubt on Wednesday on  a former Merrill Lynch &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MER.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MER.N&lt;/A&gt; banker's statements that he was  worried about financial risks from buying three barges from  Enron.
PeopleSoft Execs Defend Bid Rejection  WILMINGTON, Del. (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;  chief financial officer on Wednesday said the company's  customer assurance program might not force liabilities on  Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; if its \$7.7 billion takeover bid  succeeds.
Hurricane Damage to Hit Allstate Profits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Allstate Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  home and auto insurer, warned on Wednesday its third-quarter  profits would fall well short of expectations due to more than  \$1 billion in hurricane-related payouts.
Sandisk Profit Rises But Misses Forecasts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sandisk Corp. said on Wednesday its  quarterly profit tripled but shares fell 18 percent as its  results missed Wall Street estimates because an oversupply of  memory cards drove down prices.
FCC Majority OKs Cingular-AT T Wireless  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A majority of the U.S. Federal  Communications Commission has voted to conditionally approve  Cingular Wireless' proposed acquisition of AT T Wireless  Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, a source familiar with the matter said  on Wednesday.
SEC Investigating Newspaper Circulation The Securities and Commission is conducting an investigation into circulation reporting in the newspaper industry following several disclosures of fraudulent practices in recent months.
Abbey a step closer to takeover The hopes of Spain's largest bank to secure Abbey National have been given a boost after the City watchdog said it saw no reason to block the deal.
S.E.C Probes Chiron Over Flu Shot Shortage The S.E.C. has launched an informal inquiry into how Chiron handled the disclosure of vaccine-manufacturing problems that caused the nation's flu shot crisis.
Apple Profit Doubles; Outlook Tops Views Apple posted a higher quarterly profit today, boosted by strong sales of its iPod digital music player and notebook computers.
Nordic Nations Prevail in Surveys of World's Hot Economies Finland retained its hold at the top of the world's economies in the survey with Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Iceland also in the top 10.
Intel's Inventory Bugaboo Plus, slow-cruisin' Harley, the Golden Arches' golden times, and it's good to be Yahoo!
Dude, Where's My Car? Seriously. Have you seen a four-door Accord, VA YGD 3719 tags? It's mine, and I want it back.
Astros Take on Cards, Red Sox Face Yanks NEW YORK - A day after giving Boston ace Curt Schilling a pounding, the New York Yankees look to take a 2-0 lead over Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox in Game 2 of the American League Championship Series on Wednesday night. Meanwhile, the National League Championship Series gets underway when the Houston Astros take on the St...
How to Spot a Serial Acquirer Acquisitions can juice sales but can also lead to messy balance sheets. A simple test can sort them out.
Study: Adolescence Affects Breast Cancer The way a girl grows during adolescence and even in the womb may play an important, if murky, role in her risk of breast cancer later in life, a study suggests. The study of 117,000 women in Denmark found that those who were chubby at birth but tall and lean at 14 were more likely to develop the disease...
Oil rally sends stocks sharply lower Soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news Wednesday, sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new fears that the market is in the midst of a commodities bubble.
Allstate Sees Q3 Well Below Views Allstate Corp. on Wednesday warned its third-quarter profit would be a fraction of Wall Street expectations after the insurance firm said it sees more than \$1 billion in catastrophic losses from recent hurricanes.
Canadian agency OKs Coors-Molson merger Canada #39;s Competition Bureau said today it has no objection to the proposal to merge brewers Molson Inc. of Montreal and Adolph Coors Co.
SEC considering disclosure rules for executive pay In the flood of corporate reform unleashed by recent business scandals, one issue has been largely ignored, shareholder activists say: the stratospheric level of executive pay and 
IBM Gets Flexible with Small Storage Systems Key to the announcement is the fact that the systems share microcode, said Dianne McAdam, senior analyst at Data Mobility Group.  quot;That means that if I want to make a copy of a volume on the DS6000 I use the same commands as the DS8000.
US-Soviet Crew For Space Station Smiling and confident, two Russians and an American prepared for their first mission in a Russian Soyuz spacecraft - breaking the nearly 30-year tradition of having at least one crewman with previous experience in piloting the capsule.
David Beckham Fans Beware: Trojan Makers Are Targeting David Beckham has made it into the news, once again. But Beckham has done nothing for this publicity. Computer hackers have created a trojan virus attached to software by claiming to have sleazy photographs of the soccer star.
802.11n: Not So Fast! The Wi-Fi Alliance yesterday warned wireless gear makers not to jump the gun on marketing 802.11n features before the standard is ratified.
Microsoft releases Office 2004 Service Pack 1 The Mac BU today announced the availability of Service Pack 1 (SP1) for Office 2004 for Mac via Microsoft AutoUpdate, which it says addresses potential security issues and bugs reported via the new Microsoft Error Reporting Protocol (MERP), which 
Cyber-Security to Get Higher-Profile Leader Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge said yesterday that the role of overseeing computer security and the Internet should have a higher profile at the agency, in the face of increasing concern 
IBM unveils new Shark and midrange array OCTOBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - NEW YORK -- IBM yesterday unveiled two new enterprise-class storage arrays, one aimed at the high end and one at midrange environments but both with compatible software that allows the boxes to be managed through a 
Paris City Hall Balks at Linux Switch Local government offices in the French capital will not abandon Microsoft software overnight but instead gradually phase in more open-source programs, Paris City Hall said.
Legal downloading reported down The number of consumers legally downloading recorded music has fallen to 1 million from a high of 1.3 million in April, The Hollywood Reporter said Wednesday.
Tokyo Stocks Weaker as Yen Weighs  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average slipped 0.55  percent in early trade on Monday after a weak U.S. jobs report  pushed the dollar down against the yen, hurting the shares of  Japanese exporters.
Phil Jackson details clashes with Kobe Bryant Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant at times a  quot;psychological war quot; and sought to trade his star guard in January, according to a diary of the former Lakers coach.
Van Basten restoring harmony to Holland What can be done about Greece? Marco van Basten, Holland #39;s controversially appointed coach, yesterday turned his mind from what to do about Finland tonight to how international 
Wales caught as Poles vault ahead towards finish Mark Hughes farewell as Wales manager turned into a wake as their World Cup dreams were shattered by a remarkable Polish comeback.
Wiltord, Henry on target France has defeated Cyprus 2-0 in its World Cup qualifier in Nicosia thanks to goals from Sylvain Wiltord and Thierry Henry. Wiltord, a former teammate of Henry #39;s at Arsenal, netted the opening goal in the 
Fregosi to interview with Phils The goal for the Phillies is to find a manager who can take a disappointing winning team to the next level -- the playoffs. So why not call in the guy who managed the last Phillies team to do it?
Astros must go to Plan B with pitchers ST. LOUIS - If Andy Pettitte and Wade Miller were available, the Houston rotation would be set up perfectly for the National League Championship Series.
Israel launches air strike on Palestinian militants, killing one An Israeli aircraft fired a missile ata group of militants near the Palestinian town of Beit Lahya in northern Gaza Strip Wednesday evening, killing one of them, witnesses said.
Germany in EU dock over Volkswagen law The European Commission has begun legal action against Germany over the so-called  quot;Volkswagen law quot; which protects the carmaker from hostile takeovers.
Double Standards That Kill As usual, there has been a disproportionate and unbalanced reaction to recent and ongoing violence in our region. Since late September, Israel has been butchering civilians in the occupied Gaza Strip.
UPDATE 2-Mylan defends King deal amid investor concerns Generic drug maker Mylan Laboratories Inc. reaffirmed on Wednesday its planned \$3.37 billion purchase of King Pharmaceuticals Inc.
UPDATE 1-Late Polish fighback earns 3-2 win in Wales Wales failed to give departing manager Mark Hughes the send-off he wanted as Poland performed a smash and grab act to win 3-2 at the Millennium Stadium in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Yuvraj likely to open for confused India The first rays of sunlight bring with it the hope of a new day, a new beginning and a new start to a life gone awry for a while. The Indian team, having had a nightmarish start to a new cricket season, hopes 
LIVESTRONG band decision provoked furor Ten Virginia high school cross country runners disqualified for wearing Lance Armstrong #39;s LIVESTRONG wristbands during a meet last week have had their results reinstated.
Google Founders on Hiring Trip to India (AP) AP - Google Inc. founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin said Wednesday that some new features on the world's top search engine and other services will come from its research center in the southern Indian city of Bangalore, where they are on a hiring spree.
Microsoft Launches Music Service in Japan (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. will begin its music download service in Japan with an initial offering of 50,000 songs, a spokeswoman for the U.S. software giant's online service unit said Wednesday.
Evite Plans Web Network of Friends' Food Reviews (Reuters) Reuters - Online party planning site Evite\plans on Thursday to launch a service to let users get\restaurant and entertainment recommendations from friends and\acquaintances, Evite President John Foley said.
FCC Majority OKs Cingular-AT T Wireless (Reuters) Reuters - A majority of the U.S. Federal\Communications Commission has voted to conditionally approve\Cingular Wireless' proposed acquisition of AT T Wireless\Services Inc. , a source familiar with the matter said\on Wednesday.
PeopleSoft Execs Defend Bid Rejection (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.'s \chief financial officer on Wednesday said the company's\customer assurance program might not force liabilities on\Oracle Corp.  if its  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid\succeeds.
Great Lakes to Get Asian Carp Barrier (AP) AP - The Army Corps of Engineers will in two weeks begin building a permanent electric barrier to keep the invasive Asian carp out of the Great Lakes, officials announced Wednesday.
Wealthy New Lab Aims to Capture Dreams, Literally (Reuters) Reuters - Gerald Rubin is looking for\someone who can take a picture of a thought.
Fresh ISS Crew Sees 'Pleasant' Trip Despite Glitch (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S.-Russian space\crew due to blast off Thursday say they expect six "pleasant"\months in orbit, despite a technical glitch that has twice\delayed the launch.
FDA: Chip Implant Can Be Used to Get Health Records  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A computer chip that is implanted  under the skin won U.S. approval on Wednesday for use in  helping doctors quickly access a patient's medical history.
Apple Profits Surge on iPod, Laptop Sales Apple Computer Inc.'s fourth quarter earnings soared on strong sales of laptop computers and its popular iPod music players, helping the company notch its highest revenue for the quarter in nine years. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
FDA Approves Chip for Patients The Food and Drug Administration approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors, speeding care.
Famous Blacks Get Out the Vote in Florida (AP) AP - Black actors including LeVar Burton and Alfre Woodard will join members of Congress crisscrossing Florida by bus this weekend to try to get out the vote for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.
Reindeer Decline Threatens Mongolian Nomads For centuries the Tsaatan people have roamed Mongolia with the reindeer that provide their livelihood. But disease and inbreeding now threaten their herds #151;and cultural future. &lt;i&gt;With photo gallery.&lt;/i&gt;
SpaceShipOne Burns Rubber, Laughing Gas #151;More Fun Facts Get fun facts on &lt;I&gt;SpaceShipOne,&lt;/I&gt; the first privately built manned spacecraft. For starters, the ship burns a mixture of rubber and laughing gas.
Birding Column: Appreciating Non-Native Ducks and Geese While "serious" birders in the U.S. disdain non-native ducks and geese, one birding columnist enjoys observing the many species that have made California their home.
Scanning the Skies for Threats from Space PPARC -- British astronomers are providing a vital component to the world-wide effort of identifying and monitoring rogue asteroids and comets. From this month, the UK Astrometry and Photometry Programme (UKAPP) for Near-Earth Objects, based at Queens University, Belfast, will track Near-Earth Objects (NEOs) and feed their crucial information into the international programme of protecting the Earth from any future impact by a comet or asteroid...
Harvard Scientists Want to Clone Human Embryos CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) -- Harvard University scientists have asked the university's ethical review board for permission to produce cloned human embryos for disease research, potentially becoming the first researchers in the nation to wade into a divisive area of study that has become a presidential campaign issue...
NetSuite updates customer management tools NetSuite 10.0 offers analysis tools to help businesses predict information about customers based on data they've already entered.
Patent case challenges Microsoft's 'AutoPlay' A case scheduled for hearing in December focuses on technology for automatically loading software from a disc.
PeopleSoft exec: We pumped up earnings The company asked customers to accelerate deals in order to bolster earnings--a ploy to exaggerate profits, Oracle lawyers say.
Briefly: Westinghouse cuts price of LCD TVs roundup Plus: Adobe debuts hobbyist Photoshop package...Symbol joins WiMax wireless broadband group...HP to sell PathScale compilers.
WebMethods wraps process software in Fabric The new software is designed to simplify the process of knitting together back-office business applications.
SCO to launch legal Web site Prosco.net will feature an archive of filings and other information related to the company's many legal battles over Linux.
FDA approves injecting ID chips in patients Regulators sign off on implantable tracking device to manage treatment of Alzheimer's, diabetes, heart disease, other conditions.
HP to open research center in South Korea Over the next five years, the company will spend \$40 million on its new lab, which will focus on the digital home.
Locked out--and locked up--on the Net? Outages put a crimp in access at PayPal, Gawker. Also: Microsoft's latest security warnings.
Symbol joins WiMax wireless broadband group Symbol Technologies follows Cisco, which also recently joined the WiMax Forum.
Westinghouse cuts price of LCD TVs The company has cut up to 25 percent off the price of two of its liquid-crystal display TV models.
Adobe releases hobbyist Photoshop package Photoshop Elements 3.0 enhances tools for touching up photos, including the "healing brush."
Segway may go off-road The scooter maker is testing a new four-wheel gadget that travels 20 mph and can handle rough terrain.
Small discs for camcorders get the blue light Blu-ray group is developing a smaller version of its technology for portable electronics, aiming to give its format a leg up.
Phillies Interview Former Indians Manager (AP) AP - After spending two seasons as a special assistant and adviser with Philadelphia, Charlie Manuel saved his best recommendation for last: Hire him as the new manager of the Phillies.
Creative declares war on Apple EXPECT to see and hear Creative Technology everywhere as it embarks on a worldwide marketing campaign to snatch dominance of the digital music player market from Apple Computer.
Techies want assistant secretary to address cybersecurity The technology industry stands behind its call for an assistant secretary for cybersecurity in the Homeland Security Department, even as confusion grows over what the department is planning.
SCO plans own Web site as alternative to Groklaw The SCO Group Inc. is setting up a Web site to cover the latest happenings in its many legal disputes and as an alternative to the Groklaw.net, a popular Web site that has been highly critical of the company.
SAP releases new version of Business One German business software vendor SAP AG released a new version of its SAP Business One software with several functions designed for small and medium-size manufacturers.
IBM, Borland upgrade developer tools IBM and Borland have both upgraded their development platforms to focus more on business process automation.
Caution dampens spirit at Cannes tech conference Soaring oil prices and terrorism have instilled fresh caution into global markets over the past six months, executives and investors said at a technology conference in Cannes.
Novell to defend open-source software with patents Novell Inc. said it is prepared to use its portfolio of software patents to protect its open-source software products against lawsuits.
IBM unveils new Shark and midrange array IBM presented two new enterprise-class storage arrays that feature compatible software that allows the boxes to be managed through a single interface and data to be replicated between them.
Brief: Iron Mountain snaps up backup software vendor Iron Mountain plans to acquire Connected Corp. to enhance its online backup and recovery portfolio.
PayPal.com resumes operations after four-day service disruption Online payment Web site PayPal.com was back in service late last night after a coding error disrupted service for four days.
CA adds antivirus, antispyware to Cisco NAC program Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) said on Wednesday that it was joining a Cisco Systems Inc. program to harden enterprise networks against attacks by enforcing security policies on computer hosts that attempt to access network resources, the company said in a statement.
Schilling Needs Surgery Curt Schilling needs surgery on his injured right ankle, but the Red Sox hope he will still be able to pitch Game 5 of the ALCS on Sunday.
FDA Approves Use of Microchip Implants in Humans By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors, speeding care.    VeriChips, radio frequency microchips the size of a grain of rice, have already been used to identify wayward pets and livestock...
U.S. Appeals NAFTA Panel Lumber Decision (AP) AP - The Bush administration said Wednesday it will appeal a NAFTA dispute panel's finding that imports of Canadian softwood lumber pose no threat to American companies.
White House: Islamic Agency Aids Terror (AP) AP - The Bush administration on Wednesday accused a Sudan-based relief organization and five of its officials of helping finance Osama bin Laden and other terrorists.
US Supreme Court reviews Cubans' indefinite detention (AFP) AFP - The US Supreme Court examined whether the United States can indefinitely detain two Cubans who face deportation but remain in legal limbo because Cuba refuses to take them back.
Hurricane Damage to Hurt Allstate Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Allstate Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  home and auto insurer, warned on Wednesday its third-quarter  profits would fall well short of expectations due to more than  \$1 billion in hurricane-related payouts.
Putting Your PC in a Pocket OQO, a tiny 14-ounce Windows XP computer, may just be the most elegant and versatile miniature PC possible with current technology.
Touches of Weird, Done Best in Japan NO one does weird quite as well as Japanese game designers and animators. In this spirit, three new video games bring the bizarre home.
Oft-Scorned Segway Finds Friends Among the Disabled Gyroscopically balanced scooters have given disabled people a new grasp on mobility.
Mobile Phones Increase Tumor Risk - Swedish Study (Reuters) Reuters - Ten or more years of mobile phone use\increases the risk of developing acoustic neuroma, a benign\tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study released on\Wednesday by Sweden's Karolinska Institute.
Mobile Phones Increase Tumor Risk - Swedish Study  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Ten or more years of mobile phone use  increases the risk of developing acoustic neuroma, a benign  tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study released on  Wednesday by Sweden's Karolinska Institute.
IBM chip chief now managing intellectual property High rate of patents, open-source age increase importance of intellectual property issues.
Vonage talks of 911 advancements In Rhode Island, will there be an answer to a major problem for the Internet phone industry?\
FDA approves use of chip in patients The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient #39;s medical details to doctors, speeding care.
SEC seals settlement with Ahold WASHINGTON Ahold, the Dutch food retailer, and three of its former top executives have agreed to settle US securities fraud charges related to overbooking of profits, the company and US regulators said Wednesday.
Options rule delayed for companies in US American companies were granted a six-month delay Wednesday on the deadline for reporting the value of stock options granted to employees as an expense - a change that would delay the reduction in reported profits for many companies, particularly in the 
EU opens Intel inquiry over government deals BRUSSELS The European Commission opened legal cases against France, the Netherlands, Sweden and Finland on Wednesday, saying that it believed the four governments had been favoring Intel, the US computer chip maker, when awarding public contracts.
Bank of America #39;s Focus on Profit, Job Cuts Irks Politicians Bank of America Corp. Chief Executive Officer Kenneth Lewis is running afoul of Massachusetts politicians as he slashes jobs to increase earnings following his \$48 billion purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Aussie wealth exceeds \$5 trillion It appears Australians have never been wealthier as total private sector wealth now exceeds \$5 trillion. Officially, private sector wealth is estimated at \$5,013 billion, which is up 18 per cent in the past year.
PeopleSoft board amends \$2 billion customer rebate program PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board voted on Oct. 11 to change its controversial customer protection program to help it pass muster in a Delaware court battle with would-be acquirer, Oracle Corp.
US files first lawsuit in spyware battle THE United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) formally announced on Tuesday its first assault against spyware - bits of computer code that surreptitiously install themselves on the computers of Internet users to track their activities, push them to 
New Russian-US crew ready for launch to space station A Russian-US expedition will take off Thursday morning to the International Space Station (ISS) on asix-month mission, local media reported Wednesday.
Google Options Takes Spotlight After Yahoo Results (Reuters) Reuters - Some options investors, encouraged by\Yahoo Inc.'s solid results, seem confident that Google Inc.\shares will avoid any big moves after the Web search leader\reports earnings next week, an options analyst said on\Wednesday.
Boston #39;s  #39;boy wonder #39; could become  #39;The Man #39; The boy wonder, who #39;s really a man these days, could be The Man by the end of the month in Boston. Theo Epstein, 30, is the youngest general manager in baseball, a kid from suburban Boston who 
Lawyers pick at Silverstone deal Now the real work begins. As a July date for the British Grand Prix appeared on the provisional calendar for the 2005 Formula One season in Paris yesterday, a 21-page document landed on the 
S. American Zone Moldova and Scotland seem destined to chase the wooden spoon in Group 5 after failing to take advantage of each other #39;s limitations.
Vijay is the best but Els is favourite LONDON - Vijay Singh is officially the best player in the world, but as far as this week #39;s World Matchplay Championship is concerned, Ernie Els is the top seed because he is the champion.
Office Alternatives Explore Server-Based Apps (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Sun Microsystems, with its StarOffice suite, and the open-source OpenOffice.org consider server-based applications as a way to boost security, portability and deployment.
NATO hurrying on Iraq trainers POIANA BRASOV, Romania NATO defense ministers pledged on Wednesday to speed the deployment of about 300 security instructors to Iraq by the end of the year under a program to field more Iraqi forces to help safeguard the elections in January.
Apple's fourth quarter, by the numbers (MacCentral) MacCentral - On Wednesday, Apple not only reached a major milestone with its highest fourth quarter earnings in nine years, according to CEO Steve Jobs, but it also shattered its previous record with more than 2 million iPods shipped during the fourth quarter of its 2004 fiscal year -- an incredible 500 percent increase over the fourth quarter of 2003 and 134 percent more than the previous quarter. That number not only helped the company reach a commanding 92. ...
Fossil Hunters Find Sleeping Dinosaur in China (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists have unearthed the remains of\a perfectly preserved 130 million-year-old new species of\dinosaur which provide a first-ever look at how the prehistoric\creatures slept.
Scientists, Patients Fight UN Stem Cell Study Ban (Reuters) Reuters - A coalition of 125 scientific\and patients' groups urged the United Nations on Wednesday to\reject a global ban on stem cell research sought by the Bush\administration and more than 50 other countries.
NZ in top 20 competitive economies The New Zealand economy has slipped four places in world competitiveness rankings, but remains in the top 20, a new report shows. The World Economic Forum #39;s (WEF) Global Competitiveness Report 2004-2005 ranks 
Wall Street stocks end lower on rising oil prices Wall Street stocks fell sharply Wednesday as surging oil prices overshadowed positive earnings news, prompting investors to cash in more profits.
Compu-tainment In Los Angeles on Tuesday, Microsoft trumpeted a new era of  quot;digital entertainment anywhere. quot; The company unveiled the latest Windows XP Media Center PCs, aimed at bringing the computer into consumers #39; living rooms; announced the formal launch of its 
ALH goes with Coles bid COLES Myer yesterday waltzed in and trumped rival Woolworths in the battle for pubs group Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality. But Coles chief John Fletcher #39;s \$3.
Google on Bangalore hiring spree NEW Google features and services would come from the company #39;s research centre in the southern Indian city of Bangalore, where Google has been on a hiring spree, founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin said.
Feds delay stock-options rule for 6 months NORWALK, Conn. - Accounting rulemakers, pressed by both businesses and regulators, on Wednesday decided to give public companies six more months to adopt a new standard for deducting from profits the value of stock options.
UPDATE 2-Fed #39;s McTeer may leave for Texas A amp;M post Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert McTeer, the US central bank #39;s resident poet and self-styled inflation  quot;lonesome dove, quot; said on Wednesday he will leave 
Vodafone rejigs top tier as it prepares for less expansive era Vodafone picked a successor to long-time finance chief Ken Hydon yesterday and restructured its board in an effort to give chief executive Arun Sarin more operational control of the mobile phone company.
Hurricane Damage to Hurt Allstate Profit Allstate Corp. (ALL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US home and auto insurer, warned on Wednesday its third-quarter profits would fall well short of expectations due to more than \$1 billion in hurricane-related payouts.
Microsoft issues security patches to fix 21 flaws Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, published numerous patches to fix 21 flaws in its software applications yesterday.
IBM Increases Storage Space When IBM (Quote, Chart) unveiled its new, high-octane storage server at an event in New York Tuesday, it became apparent the company made some headway in taking virtualization features from its mainframe systems and dropping them into its storage line.
Dinosaur that slept like a bird Just one week after finding feathers on the ancestor of Tyrannosaurus rex, Chinese and US scientists have announced the discovery of a dinosaur curled up like a sleeping cygnet.
Soccer star subject of virus writers British experts warn some people involved in spreading computer viruses are exploiting the worldwide interest in British soccer super star David Beckham.
Motorola Tests M-Commerce Motorola and MasterCard want to prove that reducing the fumble factor can save merchants money. Phones equipped with PayPass, MasterCard #39;s contactless payment service, are expected to go through rigorous testing 
ISS shields Microsoft #39;s latest vulnerabilities Internet Security Systems has announced that it has preemptive protection available for the four high risk vulnerabilities announced by Microsoft on Wednesday.
Schilling #39;s Postseason May Be Finished It is the first rule that every aspiring pitcher learns. Without a balanced delivery, nothing works. For a right-hander, the right ankle is the foundation.
Bryants Anger Hurt the Lakers, Jackson Says in a New Book In his new book, Phil Jackson, the former Los Angeles Lakers coach, describes a dysfunctional team hurt by Kobe Bryants petulant anger and his pending rape trial, and feuding between Bryant and Shaquille ONeal, who is now with the Miami Heat.
United States 6, Panama 0 Established star Landon Donovan and rising sensation Eddie Johnson carried the United States into the regional qualifying finals for the 2006 World Cup in emphatic fashion Wednesday night.
Astros, Cardinals Tied 4-4 After Five St. Louis Cardinals #39; Albert Pujols hits a two-run homer in the first inning to tie the game against the Houston Astros during Game 1 of the National League Championship Series at Busch Stadium in St.
Bettman engages fans in online chat (CP) - NHL commissioner Gary Bettman spent part of his afternoon Wednesday answering questions from fans about the league #39;s lockout rather than preparing for opening night.
Plummer to Remove Decal Honoring Tillman Denver quarterback Jake Plummer, who memorialized his friend Pat Tillman by wearing a No. 40 decal on his helmet in a game last Sunday, agreed yesterday to remove it.
Storm cherish title, aim to stay on top The Seattle Storm and Anne Donovan have made WNBA history, but don #39;t look for them to sit on their accomplishments. There will be a championship celebration Friday in downtown Seattle in honor of the Storm #39;s WNBA title.
Orioles lose Grimsley until June CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Pitcher Jason Grimsley is lost to the Baltimore Orioles until next June at the earliest after undergoing  quot;Tommy John quot; surgery Wednesday.
 #39;Extender #39; reality check Our story this morning on Microsoft #39;s digital media launch included comments from Forrester Research analyst Ted Schadler, explaining why he thinks the first wave of Media Center Extender products will be too expensive (about \$300 for set-top boxes) for 
Yet Another Bidder Emerges for Australian Pub Operator Australia #39;s largest retailer, Coles Myer, waded into a takeover battle for the pub operator Australian Leisure and Hospitality Group yesterday, offering 1.18 billion Australian dollars (\$856 million) in a bid with a local bank.
Future is now: US approves implantable chip that links to health &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Forget about temperature taking and blood pressure checking. In the bright, near future, the first step for people seeking medical care may be to have their bicep read by an electronic scanner seeking data stored on an implanted chip.
IT  amp; BPO may hog headlines, WEF index puts India at 55th NEW DELHI: India ranks 55th in a World Economic Forum ranking of 104 countries in terms of growth competitiveness. As per the WEFs Global Competitiveness Report 2004-05, Finland, home to Nokia, is the world 
FDA Approves Use of Chip in Patients WASHINGTON Oct. 13, 2004 - Medical milestone or privacy invasion? A tiny computer chip approved Wednesday for implantation in a patient #39;s arm can speed vital information about a patient #39;s medical history to doctors and hospitals.
City punishes JJB for takeover failure JJB SPORTS saw its shares collapse nearly 20 per cent yesterday after it broke off talks with the private equity giant Cinven and posted dismal first-half sales.
In Challenge to EMC, IBM Introduces Smaller Servers With the proclamation that it intends to overtake EMC as the top enterprise storage supplier, IBM announced today the DS6000, a disk storage system slightly bigger than a VCR, and the TotalStorage 
Q amp;A: Linus Torvalds, inventor of Linux Linus Torvalds pronounced LEE-nus started a revolution of sorts in the computer industry when he created the Linux operating system and decided to share it with fellow programmers on the Internet.
Solaris security suffers image problem A highly critical security hole has been reported in the X Pixmap (libXpm) technology shipped with Solaris and JDS for Linux, which could allow someone to run code on your system if a modified X Pixmmap (.xpm) image is loaded.
German goalkeeper battle escalates BERLIN - Jens Lehmann wore the wrong gloves and is not available for Germany #39;s Asian tour in December. Oliver Kahn, by contrast, has the right gloves, can play in December and will be made fit like never before by Sepp Maier.
US drubs Panama 6-0 in Cup qualifying Established star Landon Donovan and rising sensation Eddie Johnson carried the United States into the regional qualifying finals for the 2006 World Cup in emphatic fashion Wednesday night.
More US Soldiers Die in Iraq Blasts BAGHDAD, 14 October 2004 - Six American soldiers were killed in roadside bombings, the US command said yesterday, as US and Iraqi troops stepped up pressure on insurgents before this weeks start of the holy month of Ramadan.
Germany hints at softer stance on Iraq LONDON : German Defence Minister Peter Struck appeared in an interview with Britain #39;s Financial Times newspaper to soften his country #39;s stance on Iraq, hinting that Germany might deploy troops if conditions there change.
Armed ex-soldiers plan to stop Haiti violence PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Former soldiers who ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in a revolt said Wednesday that reinforcements are advancing on Haiti #39;s capital to stop violence that has killed at least 46 people.
Update 3: EU Head Office Challenges German Law The European Union #39;s head office took Germany to court Wednesday to challenge a German law that effectively protects Volkswagen AG, one of the country #39;s biggest employers, from hostile takeovers.
Japan #39;s troubled Daiei considering seeking aid from government &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : Debt-ridden Japanese retailer Daiei is considering seeking help from a state-backed corporate body, reversing an earlier reluctance after pressure from its creditors, officials said.
Howard to attend Yudhoyono inauguration Prime Minister John Howard will travel to Indonesia later this month to attend the inauguration of new Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Insecurity across Darfur, Sudan threatens aid deliveries, warns UN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 13 October 2004 - The United Nations food relief agency warned today that the security situation in Sudan #39;s strife-torn Darfur region is so volatile that it is hampering the delivery and distribution of food aid to the vast population of internally 
Pilot Talks Continue As Delta Shares Fall Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. fell Monday on the fear among some analysts that the struggling carrier will be forced into bankruptcy if it doesn #39;t get significant wage concessions from its pilots in the next three weeks.
IBM announces high capacity storage servers IBM, one of the key leaders in the enterprise server market, annouced two additions to its family of high storage products yesterday.
History promises memorable Chennai encounter Over the years, the ground has produced some of the most endearing moments between the two countries. In the 1969-70 series, the match produced a shoot-out between two of the best post-war 
Minaya #39;s First Move With the Mets Is to Clean House The regular season that cost Art Howe and Jim Duquette their titles ended nearly two weeks ago, but jobs are still being lost. Having just started their search for a new 
SEC enters paper circulation probe Federal and local authorities, under the auspices of the New York Asset Forfeiture Task Force, have recently served grand-jury subpoenas seeking testimony in the circulationscandals 
Jjb has 448 Stores Across the Country and Is the UK #39;s Biggest &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The group, which issued a profits warning in July and floated on the stock market a decade ago, revealed the approach in a statement last Friday.
NATO to send training staff to Iraq before year #39;s end: US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NATO will send military trainers to Iraq before the end of the year in response to appeals by Iraqi leaders for speedy action, US ambassador to NATO Nicholas Burns said Wednesday.
PA: Gaza to remain occupied land even after disengagement Israel will remain an occupying power in the Gaza Strip even if it carries out the disengagement plan, and should be treated as such, according to a legal document prepared by the Palestinian Authority.
Mass grave reveals remains of Iraqi women and children The horrific secrets of a mass grave in northern Iraq emerged yesterday as American officials accused Europeans of failing to help in the search to uncover Saddam Hussein #39;s atrocities.
Officer suspended over Gaza shooting The Israeli army yesterday suspended an officer who is accused of firing up to 20 bullets into a 13-year-old Palestinian as she lay on the ground after having been shot from an army outpost.
Security forces  #39;can #39;t stop chaos #39; PALESTINIAN security forces are unable to stop the spreading chaos in the West Bank and Gaza, Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie said today, a day after a failed attempt to kill a Gaza security commander.
UPDATE 1-Late goal gives N.Ireland 3-3 draw with Austria A goal deep into injury time by Stuart Elliott salvaged a 3-3 draw for Northern Ireland in a pulsating World Cup qualifier against Austria on Wednesday.
Pitiful draw leaves Vogts in dire straits THE remainder of Berti Vogtss contract surely became as unfulfillable as the dream of World Cup qualification when Scotland failed to secure the victory that had been considered imperative here in Chisinau last night.
Hackers baiting Internet users with Beckham pix PETALING JAYA: Computer hackers are taking advantage of the frenzy surrounding David Beckhams latest alleged bout of infidelity.
Novell to defend open source software with patents Novell is prepared to use its portfolio of US software patents to protect against patent lawsuits the open source software it ships, the company said in statements posted to the Novell.
Sun releases Solaris-based desktop software com October 13, 2004, 5:06 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Google launches UK Froogle shopping site Internet search firm Google has launched its Froogle price comparison Web site in Britain, expanding the company #39;s e-commerce business and putting it head to head with partners such as Kelkoo.
Background to the Sudan conflict Sudan is the largest country in Africa and has a population of almost 28 million. About 60 per cent are Muslim, a quarter are animist and 15 per cent Christian.
Disney Launches a Trio of Titles Disney Interactive has shipped three new Game Boy Advance titles based on hit Disney Channel shows. Info from the press release (because we #39;re too lazy to rewrite this stuff today) ---.
Sask. town keen but skeptical of space launch KINDERSLEY, Sask. - A representative from a team of Canadian engineers trying to send a privately funded rocket ship into space was in Saskatchewan on Wednesday to set up logistics for a launch that he hopes will happen within the next month.
FCC to Act on Fiber-Optic Networks The Federal Communications Commission is planning to approve  a proposal to give the major telephone companies more leeway in the design of new fiber-optic networks, sparing them from the regulation that governs traditional phone lines. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Start-Up Builds Less Demanding Machines So far, three-year-old Ambient Devices has sold fewer than 60,000 of its products. Yet the company fascinates me because it is working on the frontier of making computers more intuitive.\&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Visa Issues  Vex Tech Workers, Their Employers Dawn M. Lurie knows how to wake up her audiences when she briefs personnel managers on immigration law: She points out that in some cases executives could face criminal penalties for hiring immigrants without the right visas.
Coverage of PET Scans The first call Sheldon Goldberg got on his first day as president of the Alzheimer's Association was not from a patient or a doctor but from Michael D. Bromberg, chairman of the Capitol Health Group, a well-connected Washington lobbying firm.
US textile firms want curbs on Chinese imports WASHINGTON - On the eve of a presidential debate on domestic issues with employment a crucial concern, American textile companies and workers have asked President George W. Bush to help save their jobs by limiting Chinese imports, which may surge once a 
Israel Kills Two Hamas Militants After Renewed Threat  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli air strikes killed two Hamas  militants in Gaza on Thursday just after the Islamic group  renewed its threats to continue rocket attacks against Israelis  despite a massive army offensive aimed at stopping them.
Panel Probes Afghan Poll Fraud, Counting Delayed  KABUL (Reuters) - A panel was investigating complaints of  Afghan election irregularities on Thursday, further delaying  the start of counting in a historic poll overshadowed by  concerns over multiple voting.
250 Leaders, But Not US, Back UN Population Plan  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - More than 250 world figures --  but not the Bush administration -- have urged the United  Nations to promote a population agenda that seeks women's  education, health care and family planning.
Haiti ex-troops 'to impose order' Leaders of the rebel army that ousted Haitian President Jean Bertrand Aristide vow to end violence in the capital.
Apple Profit Doubles; Outlook Tops Views  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported its quarterly profit more than doubled as it  sold more than 2 million iPod digital music players and said  results for the current quarter would top Wall Street  estimates.
PeopleSoft Execs Defend Program  WILMINGTON, Del. (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;  chief financial officer on Wednesday said the company's  controversial customer assurance program, now being challenged  in court, might not force liabilities on Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;  if its \$7.7 billion takeover bid succeeds.
Nikkei Falls 1 Pct at Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell 1 percent by  midsession on Thursday after sharp declines in metals prices  pushed down shares of steel makers and mining companies, which  had been big gainers over the past three months.
Scientists 'find key to hearing' A protein deep in the ear is essential for normal hearing and could help develop treatments for deafness, researchers believe.
E-Voting Machine Crash Deepens Concerns (AP) AP - A computer crash that forced a pre-election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability.
FDA Approves Use of Chip in Patients (AP) AP - Medical milestone or privacy invasion? A tiny computer chip approved Wednesday for implantation in a patient's arm can speed vital information about a patient's medical history to doctors and hospitals. But critics warn that it could open new ways to imperil the confidentiality of medical records.
Review: Hi-Def TV May Be PCs' Killer App (AP) AP - It's been possible for years to watch television on a personal computer, but not many people do. The reasons are simple: mediocre picture and sound quality and the ergonomics of it all. TVs don't need to boot up.
Glickman to Film Industry: Nurture New Technology (Reuters) Reuters - In his first major speech to\Hollywood executives Dan Glickman, the new head of the Motion\Picture Association of America, said the industry must embrace\new digital and Internet technologies while continuing to\battle copyright pirates.
Fewer women in computer jobs these days But women have increased their representation in all the natural science professions, especially medical science, a study says.
Mac Takes Honors as Best Unix Desktop (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: GNOME is nice, KDE is fine and the forthcoming Looking Glass may be wonderful, but the best Unix desktop is the one in the Macintosh.
Sun releases Solaris-based desktop software Java Desktop System version 2 sneaks onto the market only two months ahead of version 3's due date.
PeopleSoft Execs Defend Program (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.'s \chief financial officer on Wednesday said the company's\controversial customer assurance program, now being challenged\in court, might not force liabilities on Oracle Corp. \if its  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid succeeds.
Briefly: Hitachi cuts 10 percent of U.S. work force roundup Plus: Evite goes local with invitations...Westinghouse cuts price of LCD TVs...Adobe debuts hobbyist Photoshop package.
Bush, Kerry Duel Over Health Care Plans (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday night that President Bush bears responsibility for a misguided war in Iraq, lost jobs at home and mounting millions without health care. The Republican incumbent tagged his rival in campaign debate as a lifelong liberal bent on raising taxes and government spending.
Lava Gives Mount St. Helens Eerie Glow (AP) AP - The molten rock rising inside Mount St. Helens is giving the peak an eerie red glow at night.
Crew Prepares for Launch to Space Station (AP) AP - Smiling and confident, two Russians and an American prepared for their first mission in a Russian Soyuz spacecraft  #151; breaking the nearly 30-year tradition of having at least one crewman with previous experience in piloting the capsule.
Harvard Wants to Clone Human Embryos (AP) AP - Harvard researchers want to be the first in the United States to produce cloned human embryos for disease research.
Audit Board Delays Rule on Options as Expenses The move will delay the reduction in reported profits for many companies, and may give them more time to lobby Congress to stop the rule from taking effect at all.
A Hard-to-Swallow Lesson on Pensions Tens of thousands of Americans are discovering, as they approach retirement, that money they were promised is not forthcoming.
Ahold Reaches A Settlement With the S.E.C. Royal Ahold and its two former top executives reached a settlement on Wednesday with the S.E.C. in connection with a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal.
Apple's 4th-Quarter Profit More Than Doubled Apple announced on Wednesday that its quarterly profit more than doubled because of continued strong sales of iPod music players, beating Wall Street estimates by a wide margin
H M Keeps Up the Expansion, but Some Analysts See Weak Links H M, the 57-year-old cheap-and-trendy clothing giant, has been moving into new areas of Europe, while it is still striving to meet its financial goals in the U.S.
Bush and Kerry Clash on Taxes, Health Care (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen.\John Kerry battled over health care, jobs and taxes in their\final debate on Wednesday, with Bush criticizing Kerry's\"far-left" Senate record and Kerry arguing the middle class had\lost ground under the president.
Hitachi cuts 10 percent of U.S. work force The company axes 400 jobs, joining other hard drive makers in eliminating staff.
Big Blue's chip chief takes up IP helm High rate of patents, open-source age increase importance of intellectual property issues.
AP: Report Finds Lavish Spending at TSA WASHINGTON - The government agency in charge of airport security spent nearly a half-million dollars on an awards ceremony at a lavish hotel, including \$81,000 for plaques and \$500 for cheese displays, according to an internal report obtained by The Associated Press.    Awards were presented to 543 Transportation Security Administration employees and 30 organizations, including a "lifetime achievement award" for one worker with the 2-year-old agency...
Yankees Lead BoSox 1-0 in Game 2 of ALCS NEW YORK - Gary Sheffield hit an RBI single, and the New York Yankees took a 1-0 lead over Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox in Game 2 of the AL championship series Wednesday night.    New York starter Jon Lieber allowed only one hit and a walk, stifling Boston's sluggers just as Mike Mussina did the night before...
E-Voting Machine Crash Deepens Concerns WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - A computer crash that forced a pre-election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability...
Producer Sues O'Reilly for Harassment NEW YORK - Fox News Channel traded accusations Wednesday with one of the producers of Bill O'Reilly's show, with the woman alleging that the commentator had phone sex with her against her wishes three times. Fox in a claim of its own dismissed the sexual harassment complaint as a politically motivated extortion attempt...
Bush, Kerry Open Final Debate in Arizona TEMPE, Ariz. - President Bush and challenger John Kerry opened their third and final debate on Wednesday as each candidate hoped to stamp a last favorable impression on millions of voters before Elecion day...
Bush and Kerry Get Ready for Last TV Duel TEMPE, Ariz. - Jobs, health care and other concerns of daily life will likely be focal points as President Bush and challenger John Kerry meet Wednesday for their third and final debate...
6 U.S. Soldiers Killed in Iraq Attacks BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attack and roadside bombings killed six American soldiers, and Iraq's prime minister warned residents of insurgent bastion Fallujah on Wednesday to hand over terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi or face military action.    Al-Zarqawi's Tawhid and Jihad group has claimed responsibility for beheading several foreign hostages and for car bombings throughout the country, and a videotape posted Wednesday on an Islamic Web site showed militants linked to al-Zarqawi beheading two Iraqis they accused of being intelligence officers...
Vonage talks about 911 advancements Does Rhode Island have the answer to a major problem facing the Internet phone industry?
Sony retuning to pick up MP3s Hammered by iPod, Sony will retool, adding native MP3 support to some digital music players by next summer.
Google launches Froogle in time for Christmas shopping LONDON - Google is targeting the UK online shopping market, said to be worth 17bn annually, with the launch of dedicated shopping service, Froogle, in the UK, in time for the Christmas sales period.
Apple posts highest Q4 revenue in almost a decade Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod music player continues to help the company grow revenue at dizzying rates, leading Apple to its highest fourth-quarter revenue in nine years, the company said Wednesday.
FCC chiefs to work through outdated rules LAS VEGAS - Three U.S. Federal Communications Commissioners on Wednesday said laws governing telecommunications need to be revamped, but said the agency will do all it can under the current rules to encourage deployment of new technologies and services.
Goldsmith faces calls to resign over Iraq The attorney General, Lord Goldsmith, faced calls to resign last night as Tony Blair #39;s legal justification for going to war against Iraq began to unravel.
News: Computer crash linked to excessive heat deepens concerns about electronic voting The Associated Press By Rachel Konrad
Apple Reports Fourth Quarter Results For its fiscal 2004 fourth quarter, Apple posted a net profit of \$106 million, or \$.26 per diluted share. These results compare to a profit of \$44 million, or \$.12 per share, a year ago. Revenue for the quarter was \$2.35 billion, up 37 from a year ago. Gross margin was 27, up from 26.6 last year. International sales accounted for 37 of revenue. Oct 13
Smaller Can Be Better (Except When It's Not) Stores are stocked with an abundance of featherweight gadgets. But some of these tiny gadgets raise a new question: how small is too small?
What Do Women Game Designers Want? Video game makers are showing new interest in creating games that appeal to women. But women who might design those games are still finding it hard to break into an industry that considers gaming a "boy thing."
Is It Really You? A Scanner Delves Beneath Fingerprints For all their electronic sophistication, fingerprint scanners have a major shortcoming. So some new models are going beyond skin deep.
Satellite TV Spreads Its Signals Across the Landscape In the last 10 years, pizza-sized dishes have sprouted on homes all over the country. But how does satellite TV actually work?
Dell signs \$20M managed services deal with Honeywell Round Rock-based Dell Inc. (Nasdaq: DELL) has landed a three-year \$20 million contract with Morris Township, NJ-based Honeywell International Inc.
Fossil Hunters Find Sleeping Dinosaur in China Scientists have unearthed the remains of a perfectly preserved 130 million-year-old new species of dinosaur which provide a first-ever look at how the prehistoric creatures slept.
Johnson #39;s Quickfire Hat-Trick Leads US Past Panama Eddie Johnson came off the bench to score a hat-trick in 16 minutes as the US thrashed Panama 6-0 in a CONCACAF zone World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Stewart hails Silverstone progress SIR Jackie Stewart remains cautiously optimistic that the British Grand Prix will go ahead next year after it was included yesterday on the Formula 1 draft calendar for 2005.
UPDATE 1-Paradorn powers past struggling Costa Fifth seed Paradorn Srichaphan added to Albert Costa #39;s woes at the Vienna Trophy on Wednesday, winning 6-4 6-4 to reach the second round.
Once again, Warnes bowling the wrong line Who would have believed it? That Shane Warne would act like a dumb blond and forget that he had a role to play in Australias Bangalore victory.
Scotland player ratings Craig Gordon: Could not be faulted for the loss of the goal and made a tremendous save at the beginning of the second half to deny Serghei Dadu.
Apple Profits Surge on IPod, Laptop Sales (AP) AP - Apple Computer Inc.'s fourth quarter earnings soared on strong sales of laptop computers and its popular iPod music players, helping the company notch its highest revenue for the quarter in nine years.
Novellus Posts Profit, Plans Cost Cuts (Reuters) Reuters - Novellus Systems Inc. , a\maker of semiconductor production equipment, on Wednesday\warned of a sharp business decline in the current quarter that\some analysts fear could turn into a long-term slump.
Putin, on eve of visit to China, says Russia will pursue national interest (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - On the eve of a three-day visit to China, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Moscow would take its foreign partners' needs into account when building energy pipelines in the Far East but would proceed on the basis of its own national interests.
Customer Surge at Hawaii Wal-Mart Opening (AP) AP - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. opened a store in Hawaii on Wednesday with hundreds of eager shoppers rushing past a handful of protesters who accuse the giant retailer of desecrating ancient gravesites.
Large parts of Sydney without power overnight in blackout (AFP) AFP - Large parts of Sydney were left without power for a night after a substation overheated in an unseasonal heatwave, the electricity supply firm said.
Voters Offer Views on Bush-Kerry Debate (AP) AP - Voter reaction to Wednesday's debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry.
Dispute May Scuttle Space Tourism Bill (AP) AP - Legislation to regulate the infant space tourism industry  #151; invigorated by the successful flights of a privately financed manned rocket  #151; has been stalled by disagreements over how much protection to offer potential space travelers.
Carlyle Group:  It Never Joined Consortium The Carlyle Group Wednesday said it was not part of a consortium that touted the Washington merchant bank's political ties in an attempt to win business collecting and managing billions of dollars owed to Kuwait by Iraq.
Lost to the Flu: Paydays The shortage of flu vaccine this fall poses serious challenges for employers concerned about productivity, and for low-wage workers who don't have paid sick leave and can't afford to miss a day.
Stock Options Expensing Postponed Accounting standards setters yesterday agreed to give companies six more months to comply with a plan that would require them to treat stock options as an expense, cheering both overburdened businesses and lobbyists trying to scuttle the plan.
Report on Fannie Mae Regulator a Secret The inspector general's office at the Department of Housing and Urban Development yesterday declined to release the results of an investigation of the HUD agency that regulates mortgage-funding giant Fannie Mae, saying that such disclosure could "interfere with enforcement proceedings."
Soaring crude oil prices send stocks lower By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Concerns about oil production leading into the winter months sent shivers through the stock market Wednesday.
Mac sees blue skies over ALH MACQUARIE Bank has had 55 people furiously working to stitch together the ALH deal -- underlining how significant an opportunity the bank regards securing a slice of the gaming and hotel businesses.
A amp;M names finalist for chancellor The Texas A amp;M University System Board of Regents in a special meeting Wednesday named Robert D.  quot;Bob quot; McTeer, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, the sole finalist the chancellor position, the university system said Wednesday.
Oil rebounds on Mexico blast Crude oil futures have jumped back above \$53 on speculation and panic sparked by an oil line explosion in Mexico. Traders are also nervously monitoring developments in Nigeria #39;s national strike and recovery efforts in the Gulf of Mexico.
Soaring Oil Prices Send Stocks Skidding Soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news Wednesday, sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new fears that the market is in the midst of a commodities bubble.
PayPal Battles Glitches Online-payment service PayPal on Tuesday sought to reassure customers that outages that had plagued the service since Friday finally had been resolved.
Red Sox Could Lose Schilling for Game Five The Boston Red Sox could be without starter Curt Schilling for the remainder of the American League Championship Series against the New York Yankees after their ace aggravated an ankle injury in a Game One loss.
Haitian ex-soldiers head for capital in confrontation with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ex-soldiers who ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in a deadly revolt said reinforcements are advancing on the capital to halt violence that has killed at least 48 people - a move that threatens conflict with 
Australian PM to visit Indonesia for presidential inauguration Australia #39;s Prime Minister, John Howard, has personally congratulated Indonesia #39;s President-elect, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, on his recent victory.
Tokyo Stocks Weaker as Yen Weighs (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei share average slipped 0.55\percent in early trade on Monday after a weak U.S. jobs report\pushed the dollar down against the yen, hurting the shares of\Japanese exporters.
Ecuador Seen Losing Glaciers to Global Warming (Reuters) Reuters - Global warming is melting\Ecuador's cherished mountain glaciers and could cause several\of them to disappear over the next two decades, Ecuadorean and\French scientists said on Wednesday.
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Oct. 13, 2004, 1,081 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 825 died as a result of hostile action and 256 died of non-hostile causes. The figures include three military civilians.
Bush Defends Presidency Against Kerry (AP) AP - On the defensive over job losses and health care woes, President Bush sought Wednesday night to make the campaign a referendum on his rival  #151; casting Democratic Sen. John Kerry as out of the mainstream, a liberal whose rhetoric doesn't match his record.
Bush, Kerry Say Women Keep Them in Line (AP) AP - The final presidential debate brought together two candidates and a moderator who have something in common  #151; strong wives and two daughters.
Topics During the Presidential Debate (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the issues at Wednesday's debate:
Security Still Big Topic in Session Aimed at Domestic Issues President Bush and John Kerry clashed over the war on terrorism, the loss of jobs overseas and the state of health care.
In '04 Florida, Lawsuits Begin Before Election Florida is already teeming with lawsuits charging the state and its county elections supervisors with voter disenfranchisement.
Identity Badge Worn Under Skin Approved for Use in Health Care The F.D.A. cleared the way for a company to market implantable microchips that would provide easy access to medical records.
Crude-oil futures surge to over \$53 NEW YORK - Crude-oil futures rallied back above \$53 late on Wednesday on speculation and panic sparked by an oil-line explosion in Mexico.
Microsoft selling new Windows at cut-rate price Despite all the changes Microsoft is touting with the new version of Media Centre, the biggest change may be one that the company barely mentions: the price drop.
Sarin asserts control in shake-up of Vodafone management team Arun Sarin, the chief executive of Vodafone, moved to grab more day-to-day control of the world #39;s biggest mobile phone company yesterday by announcing a management shake-up which 
Dinosaur slept in bird-like pose LONDON - Fossil hunters have gained a glimpse of a new species of dinosaur catching some zzz #39;s. The 130-million-year old Mei long, which means  quot;soundly sleeping dragon, quot; was found near Beipiao City in Liaoning province, northeastern China.
EMC buys Danz Development for less than \$50m The company produces Retrospect software, also included in Maxtor #39;s One Touch external back up disc, and has a vital hold on the small and medium-sized enterprise market.
Texas Police Want Briton over Internet Sex Claims Police in America have issued an arrest warrant for a British man who allegedly had sex with a 15-year-old girl he met in an internet chat room, it was revealed today.
Dollar Holds Near Lows (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar stayed in striking distance of\record lows against the euro and a 12-year low versus sterling\on Monday in the wake of disappointing U.S. jobs data.
UPDATE 4-Beckham apologises over deliberate booking England captain David Beckham has apologised to the Football Association (FA), his team mates and supporters after deliberately getting booked against Wales.
Cardinals 2, Astros 2 Woody Williams and Brandon Backe had shaky starts in Game 1 of the NLCS, each pitcher allowing a two-run homer in the first inning to the opposing team #39;s star.
Ganguly feeling the pressure Sourav Ganguly appears to be travelling incognito when he is blinking boyishly behind his Harry Potter specs, unrecognisable from the gnarled and uncompromising cricketer and captain who stared out Steve Waugh in India three years ago.
NHL Network programming: Lockout style Although the world seems more out of control than ever, it #39;s reassuring to know one thing has retained its original essence: the soul-sucking, creativity-crushing, black hole of brain cells we call TV programming.
Yankees Lead BoSox 1-0 in Game 2 of ALCS New York Yankees fans snatch up  quot;who #39;s your daddy quot; posters before game 2 of the ALCS between the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox in New York Wednesday, Oct. 13, 2004.
Becks sorry, may still be punished England captain David Beckham has apologised for deliberately getting himself booked, and while coach Sven-Goran Eriksson wants the matter put to bed, FIFA president Sepp Blatter says disciplinary action may be taken against the midfielder.
Championship season For the city, the team #39;s WNBA championship was the first major professional title for a local franchise in a generation. It #39;s time tomorrow for a downtown civic celebration -- much like the one with the Sonics in 1979.
Jerry Rice Reiterates Call for Trade (AP) AP - Jerry Rice was scheduled to meet with Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis on Wednesday night to discuss the receiver's future after he said he wants to be traded.
Iraqi prime minister warns Fallujah to give up al-Zarqawi or face &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suicide attack and roadside bombings killed six American soldiers, and Iraq #39;s prime minister Wednesday warned the people of major insurgent bastion Fallujah to hand over terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi or face military action.
Iraq donors wrap up meeting with vows to speed funds for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Donor nations wrapped up a two-day meeting Thursday that Iraqi leaders hope will free up much-needed reconstruction funds that were pledged a 
Finds  #39;show we were right to fight #39; Tony Blair yesterday seized on the discovery of the mass grave in northern Iraq as justification for removing Saddam despite the absence of WMD.
Bryant Shrugs Off Criticism From Ex-Coach (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant is shrugging off criticism of him by former Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson.
Red Sox Could Lose Schilling for Game Five (Reuters) Reuters - The Boston Red Sox could be without\starter Curt Schilling for the remainder of the American League\Championship Series against the New York Yankees after their\ace aggravated an ankle injury in a Game One loss.
Chris Chelios Goes Bobsledding in Lockout (AP) AP - Chris Chelios grabbed his red helmet, listened to some last-minute instructions, and then hit the ice  #151; running.
Strong Field Ready for World Championship (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam realizes winning her fourth Samsung World Championship won't be easy since the other 19 players are also among the elite of women's golf.
Red Sox Could Lose Schilling for Game Five  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Boston Red Sox could be without  starter Curt Schilling for the remainder of the American League  Championship Series against the New York Yankees after their  ace aggravated an ankle injury in a Game One loss.
Johnson's Quickfire Hat-Trick Leads U.S. Past Panama  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Eddie Johnson came off the bench to  score a hat-trick in 16 minutes as the U.S. thrashed Panama 6-0  in a CONCACAF zone World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Minaya's First Move With the Mets Is to Clean House Omar Minaya, the Mets' new general manager, fired or reassigned every coach on Wednesday except for Rick Peterson, the club's highly touted pitching coach.
Bryants Anger Hurt the Lakers, Jackson Says in a New Book In his new book, Phil Jackson, the former Los Angeles Lakers coach, describes a dysfunctional team hurt by Kobe Bryants petulant anger and his pending rape trial.
New Captain America Helps U.S. Move On The United States defeated Panama on two goals by Landon Donovan, advancing to the final round of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup.
Loaded for Bears Defensive coordinator Greg Blache spent the last five seasons in the same position in Chicago and has Washington prepared for Sunday.
Early Elimination Round For the loser of this Saturday's Maryland-North Carolina State game, both at 3-2, the bowl season may be an unreachable destination.
Race Is Wide Open As Howard prepares to play its final six games, all against MEAC opponents, the Bison find themselves in the thick of the conference race.
Jackson Is on a Mission Two days after senior Lane Jackson will be counted on heavily to lead Navy to its first victory over Notre Dame since 1963, the inside linebacker be interviewed by a panel of SEALs.
Game Day Is Mom's Day For senior guard Elton Brown, his Mom and late uncle are never more than an arm's length away.
Elite Field Hits Desert With only the game's top 20 women fending for the Samsung World Championship, Annika Sorenstam knows that in Palm Desert, the event truly is a survival of the fittest.
Mexican Rebels Withdraw From Reserve (AP) AP - Leftist Zapatista rebels announced Wednesday they will voluntarily withdraw seven squatter settlements from an endangered jungle nature reserve, a move that may mark the end a decade-long standoff with authorities.
Delta Amends  #36;680 Mln Debt Exchange Offer (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc., struggling to\cut costs to avert bankruptcy, said on Thursday it was amending\its offer to exchange up to  #36;680 million worth of its\outstanding  #36;2.6 billion of unsecured debt, asking holders to\submit tenders by Oct. 26.
Oil Firm Near  #36;54 on Heating Fuel Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rebounded to  #36;54 a barrel\on Thursday ahead of U.S. inventory data expected to show tight\heating fuel stocks ahead of winter.
Kerry rebukes Bush over 'Sopranos' tax lecture (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry fought over who is the most wasteful spender in their televised election debate here.
Distributed Social Whitelists \\Sam blogs about his wiki spam problems  and implements a posting throttle.\\With new spam-capable zombie PCs and with wikis that aren't updated very often\this isn't a solution.  If I were to go back to my wiki after a month it would\be covered with spam links.\\One strong solution is emergent and distributed social whitelists (AKA my\FOAFKey  proposal).\\With a FOAFKey enabled wiki/weblog you could allow a whitelist of a few hundred\thousand users to post to the wiki without any problems.  All they would need to\enter is their email address for confirmation (or the SHA1 hash of their email).\\For the rare times when the user isn't within the original whitelist we can just\have the user uplo ...\\
Asian Shares Hit by Metals Tumble, Oil  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A sharp slide in global metals  markets hammered industrial and mining stocks such as JFE  Holdings and BHP Billiton Thursday, while oil prices crawled  back toward record highs.
Oil Firm Near \$54 on Heating Fuel Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rebounded to \$54 a barrel  on Thursday ahead of U.S. inventory data expected to show tight  heating fuel stocks ahead of winter.
Canada #39;s competitiveness score mixed Canada #39;s rank has fallen in one competitiveness measure and improved in another, according to a Global Competitiveness Report from the World Economic Forum.
Final face-off is 20 days before voters head to polls WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry squared off in Arizona Wednesday for their third and final debate before the election, book-ending their remarks on domestic issues with pledges to keep the nation safer.
Try over-the-counter drug for arthritis People taking Vioxx may feel betrayed now that the popular painkiller and arthritis medicine has been pulled from the market. Merck, the manufacturer of the drug, and the US Food and Drug Administration knew 
Stewart Company to Expand Furniture Line Martha Stewart #39;s media and merchandising company said Wednesday it plans to expand its furniture line amid strong demand from consumers.
Make that \$9.1 billion Only a few months after crying poverty, Finance Minister Ralph Goodale says last year #39;s surplus topped \$9.1 billion -- almost five times more than originally predicted.
Russian Rocket Takes New Russian-US Crew to ISS A Russian-US space crew set off for the International Space Station (ISS) on a Russian Soyuz rocket from the Baikonur space center in Kazakhstan on Thursday morning.
Hackers use Beckham bait SOFTWARE HACKERS are using snaps which they claim show David Beckham in a compromising position to infect people #39;s computers. Beckham, who apparently plays football, and is married to a member of a popular 
Credit cards go mobile MOBILE PHONE giant Motorola is experimenting with putting credit cards and payment functions on their line of mobiles. Under the bonnet of the cunning plan is Near-Field Communication (NFC) technology which is a short-range wireless system.
Study finds technology could support mountain monorail New technology would make it possible to build a monorail connecting Denver to the state #39;s ski resorts and such a railway could carry six to eight times more people than two additional 