Sun Devils Tailback Reinstated (AP) AP - Arizona State tailback and leading rusher Hakim Hill will be available Saturday when the 20th-ranked Sun Devils face No. 7 California on the road, after being benched last week.
Jubilation greets boy #39;s miracle rescue ALMOST four days after being engulfed by a collapsing hill, two-year-old Yuta Minagawa was lifted alive yesterday afternoon from the wreckage of his mother #39;s car.
Anheuser Profit Up on Price Hikes, Growth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BUD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BUD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. brewer, said on Wednesday quarterly profit rose on  price increases for brands such as Bud Light and strong growth  in its international business, which benefited from the  acquisition of Harbin Brewery in China.
OutKast Tops First Digital-Music Sales Awards (Reuters) Reuters - Hip-hip duo OutKast took top honors\on Wednesday as the recording industry handed out its first\awards for music sold through Internet-music services like\Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes.
Players Have Different Goals for Chrysler (AP) AP - It seems that the players in the Chrysler Championship all have different goals.
Ads Make Closing Arguments in Campaign (AP) AP - President Bush promises to do "whatever it takes" to keep the country safe. Democrat John Kerry says Bush has failed and calls for "a fresh start."
Ballmer: Windows TCO the way to go In the face of growing competition from Linux, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer delivered a four-page memo to customers on Wednesday outlining the economic and security advantages Windows has over Linux, the potential dangers of open source involving indemnification, and the intent to aggressively convince Unix shops to migrate to Windows.
Experts Warn of Net Flu Vaccine Scam Vaccines for sale online can be dangerous, and sellers could be perpetrating credit card fraud.
JC Penney Picks Questrom Successor JC Penney (JCP:NYSE - news - research) said Wednesday it hired a new chairman and chief executive, Myron Ullman. Ullman, a former executive at LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton (LVMH:Nasdaq - news - research), will succeed Allen Questrom.
Federal Reserve #39;s Eighth District economy mixed While some manufacturers in the Federal Reserve #39;s Eighth District planned to expand and add jobs in the last few months, about the same number planned to close plants and cut jobs, according to the Fed #39;s Beige Book report.
JDS Uniphase Posts Deeper 1Q Loss JDS Uniphase Corp., a maker of fiber-optic equipment, on Wednesday posted a deeper loss for the first quarter despite sharply higher revenue.
Boeing Quarterly Profit Up 78 Percent Boeing Co. (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 78 percent jump in quarterly earnings that beat Wall Street forecasts as stronger demand for its military 
Titan Surface Still a Mystery NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft successfully photographed one of the most mysterious objects in our solar system on Tuesday in a flyby that brought it within 745 miles of Saturn #39;s hazy moon Titan.
Seattle Suspends Use of Controversial Gun At least one big-city police department has suspended use of pepper-spray pellet guns blamed for the death of a 21-year-old college student who was shot by police trying to break up a rowdy crowd of Red Sox fans last week.
Child found after Japan earthquake RESCUERS sifting through the devastation of the Niigata-Chuetsu earthquake have found a two-year-old boy who survived for four days buried under a landslide.
Boston's Pierce fined 15,000 dollars for spitting (AFP) AFP - Boston Celtics star Paul Pierce was fined 15,000 dollars for spitting during a National Basketball Association pre-season game.
J.C. Penney Taps Former Macy's, LVMH Head (AP) AP - J.C. Penney Co. Inc. named a former chairman and chief executive of both Macy's and luxury retailer LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, to lead the department store company, replacing Allen Questrom.
Internet Broadens U.S. Political Debate, Survey Says (Reuters) Reuters - The Internet serves more as a town\hall in the United States than an echo chamber as users are\more likely to be exposed to a wide range of political views,\according to a survey released on Wednesday.
UN envoy blames Darfur rebels for deaths of aid officials (AFP) AFP - The United Nations special envoy to Sudan blamed ethnic minority rebels in Darfur for the deaths earlier this month of two humanitarian aid workers in the war-torn region.
Man threatens to run over Katherine Harris, of 2000 Florida fiasco fame (AFP) AFP - Police arrested a man who threatened to run over US Representative Katherine Harris, the former Florida Secretary of State blamed by critics for much of the 2000 presidential election debacle.
Arafat 'Very Sick,' Palestinian Leaders Summoned  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat's health worsened sharply on Wednesday and he was  slipping in and out of consciousness at his besieged West Bank  headquarters, officials and medics said.
Ireland Battered by Year's Worst Storm (AP) AP - The city of Cork and several towns were severely flooded Wednesday as the year's strongest Atlantic storm arrived with heavy rain and wind gusts of more than 70 mph. No deaths or injuries were reported.
Pedestrian Ban Reversed A Prince George's County appeals board has voted to overturn a ban on pedestrians on the streets and sidewalks around FedEx Field.
Microsoft battles piracy with free software Company lays out booty for nonpirates who prove their Windows software is the real thing.
Europe gets iTunes, Canada is next Along with the launch of 2 new iPods in iPod U2 Special Edition and iPod Photo, Apple also launched their flagship digital music store iTunes in European countries.
 #39;Hobbit #39; joins human family Australian scientists have found a new species of hobbit-sized humans who lived about 18,000 years ago on an Indonesian island. The discovery adds another piece to the complex puzzle of human evolution.
Skygazers, baseball fans watch for lunar eclipse If skies are clear, people can expect to see the full moon turn a deep reddish colour as the Earth #39;s shadow falls over the face of the moon, astronomers say.
Yahoo search goes mobile OCTOBER 27, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Yahoo Inc. for the first time is letting mobile phone users query its search engine, giving them access to conventional Web results, local business listings and related 
Sender ID, round two Microsoft #39;s earlier attempts at a specification for Sender ID, the technology which is used for verifying the authenticity of e-mail with Internet Protocol records 
EMC Takes Storage Router for a Spin Here #39;s the skinny: The EMC Storage Router made its debut at Storage Network World here this week, but only in ballroom demonstrations (see EMC on Virtualization: Wait for Us).
Celtic suffers its first loss of the season against Aberdeen Scottish champion Celtic suffered its first loss this season, with an injury time goal from John Stewart securing a 3-2 for Aberdeen at Parkhead.
police department suspends use of pepper pellet gun At least one big-city police department has suspended use of pepper-spray pellet guns blamed for the death of a 21-year-old college student 
Doctors Visit Arafat As His Health Worsens Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat attends a PLO executive committee meeting at his office in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Sunday, Aug. 8, 2004 file photo.
Hosted SAP service targets midmarket SAP is rolling out a hosted service it hopes will appeal to midsize customers that can rent the software for as little as \$325 per user per month while avoiding the complexity of in-house installations.
E-vote vendors to submit software for safekeeping, possible recounts Five voting machine makers have agreed for the first time to submit their software to the National Software Reference Library for safekeeping, federal officials said
Java integration spec pushed Many vendors join the effort, but IBM and BEA Systems choose not to participate, leading to harsh words from Sun executive.
Brazil Raids Kroll Offices in Spy Probe Police raided the Brazilian offices of international security consultant Kroll Inc. and other businesses Wednesday as part of their investigation into allegations of illegal spying by Kroll during the company's probe of a nasty corporate dispute, the company said.
Nortel again delays earnings restatements Nortel Networks has again delayed posting its long-awaited restated financial results, moving its target release date to mid-November.
EDS offers early retirement to 9,200 U.S. staffers Electronic Data Systems has offered voluntary early retirement options to about 17, of its U.S. employees and will take a pretax charge of about \$150 million in the fourth quarter as a result of the move.
Dell, Novell expand partnership to push Linux Dell and Novell today announced plans to offer Novell SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9 on Dell's single- and dual-processor PowerEdge servers worldwide.
Storage Networking World: ILM a business matter Users at Storage Networking World are developing information life-cycle management schemes within their storage networks to more efficiently and cost-effectively store data according to business policies.
Red Hat sees half of sales outside U.S. within a year Demand for the Linux OS is gathering steam as it becomes more popular outside its core market of computer enthusiasts, helped in part by interest in open-source software from European governments.
Israel, Egypt Swap Prisoners in Sign of Warmer Ties (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt sent a convicted Israeli spy\home after eight years in jail and Israel released six Egyptian\infiltrators Sunday in the clearest sign of a warming of\relations strained by a Palestinian uprising.
Q A: Dell's Kevin Rollins on EMC ties, storage standards At Storage Networking World yesterday, Dell President and CEO Kevin Rollins talked about his company's relationship with EMC and the development of standards to help users manage complex storage-area networks.
Google buys digital mapping company Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader #39;s bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
DreamWorks Animation Raises \$812 Million in IPO (Update1) DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc., the creator of the Shrek #39; #39; and Shark Tale #39; #39; animated films, raised \$812 million in an initial public offering to pay debt and to fund more movie making.
NZ #39;s Sixth Rate Increase in 2004 Probably the Last (Update2) New Zealand central bank Governor Alan Bollard raised the benchmark interest rate to a four-year high and said the sixth increase in 2004 may be the last as the economy slows and the local currency surges.
The Red Sox-Cardinals Legacy Description: A look at the Boston Red Sox and St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series, past and present. The Red Sox and this evening and same date on the last day in the season players on a nice day between a Polish champagne.
Arafat #39;s Health Has Worsened RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yassir Arafat #39;s failing health is the number one topic in the Mideast today, and sources say his is getting worse.
Iran threatens to boycott nuclear talks Iran #39;s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei threatened to boycott nuclear negotiations if European states press Tehran to totally suspend the process of uranium enrichment, as a new round of talks ended Wednesday without reaching an agreement.
Defense sales boost Boeing profit 78 -ebounding from an ethics scandal that torpedoed a \$22 billion deal to lease new refueling tankers to the Air Force, Boeing (BA) on Wednesday reported a 78 jump 
JC Penney Taps Former Macy #39;s, LVMH Head PLANO, Texas - JC Penney Co. Inc. named a former chairman and chief executive of both Macy #39;s and luxury retailer LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, to lead the department store company, replacing Allen Questrom.
JDS Uniphase loss widens, views below Street SAN JOSE, Calif. (Dow Jones/AP) -- JDS Uniphase Corp., a leading maker of fiber-optic gear, posted a wider loss for its latest quarter despite an increase in revenue and provided a forecast below analysts #39; expectations.
DreamWorks Animation IPO Prices Above Estimates The initial public offering of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. raised a more than expected \$812 million on Wednesday after the shares of the film producer priced well above expectations.
Torstar 3rd-Qtr Net Falls on Buyout Costs, Harlequin (Update2) Torstar Corp., which publishes Canada #39;s biggest daily newspaper, said third-quarter profit fell 62 percent because of declining sales at its book-publishing unit and costs for employee buyouts at the Toronto Star.
Nortel delays third-quarter earnings announcement MANHASSET, NY - Nortel Networks Corp. announced Wednesday (Oct. 27) that it will postpone releasing its third-quarter 2004 earnings until December, as the network infrastructure company continues to work 
Daley Gets Top Marks From Council For Skyway Deal - CHICAGO -- Chicago aldermen have unanimously endorsed the Chicago Skyway plan which gives the city 1.8-billion dollars while a private company gets to run it and collect the tolls for 99 years.
Eclipse will bring a Halloween glow to the moon Indianapolis, Oct. 27 - A mere four days from Halloween, you can #39;t beat the sight of a full moon lighting up the night sky. Nothing except a full moon bathed in orange, almost like a pumpkin.
Sony #39;s New PSP To Hit Japan in December Equipped with a wireless LAN feature, the Sony PSP enables users to connect to the Internet through access points, making it possible for them to download game characters and content and also to play games online with families, friends and online 
 #39;GTA #39; Expected To Drive Holiday Sales The holiday gaming season officially opened Tuesday with the release of  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. quot; The third in the immensely popular line of video games is expected by analysts to sell 
Microsoft battles piracy with free software As part of its growing effort to thwart piracy, Microsoft is offering free photo slideshow software to customers who verify that they have a genuine copy of Windows.
O #39;Neill - dealt double blow. (Getty Images) Aberdeen manager Jimmy Calderwood admitted he had initially been angered by the four extra minutes which allowed his team a shock 3-2 win at Celtic.
Wenger signs again English champion Arsenal has been boosted by the news that manager Arsene Wenger has signed on until the end of the 2007-2008 season.
Palmeiro signs one-year contract with Orioles Rafael Palmeiro didn #39;t want his homecoming with the Baltimore Orioles to end after just one season, so he took a pay cut and accepted a one-year, \$3 million contract Wednesday.
Ft Chelsea 1 West Ham 0 Chelsea were awarded a penalty in the 77th minute when Tomas Repka clearly brought down Robben despite the heated protests from the disgruntled West Ham players.
Bonds #39; 700th home run ball fetches 800 grand but legal battle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The man who emerged from a pile of baseball fans clutching Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball last month is now richer by \$804,129.
Ann Heisenfelt, AP His coaches, his players, his mother, his wife, Daunte Culpepper can #39;t thank them enough for their efforts in this world. Then there #39;s the small matter of help from beyond.
Japan looks for int #39;l help to free Japanese hostage TOKYO - Japan sought international help Wednesday to secure the release of a Japanese man taken hostage in Iraq and pledged to do its utmost to gain his freedom after refusing to bow to the kidnappers #39; threat to behead him unless Japan withdraws its 
Conference Board reports lower confidence in October Optimism in Hawaii remains high while employment woes nationwide have driven consumer confidence to lower levels. US consumer confidence dropped to lower levels in October for the third consecutive month, according 
Fed Reports Continuing Economic Growth The US economy continued to grow in the early fall despite being buffeted by rising energy costs and hurricanes, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday, providing its last snapshot of business conditions before Election Day.
Update 2: JC Penney Taps Former Macy #39;s, LVMH Head JC Penney Co. Inc. named a former chairman and chief executive of both Macy #39;s and luxury retailer LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, to lead the department store company, replacing Allen Questrom.
Hollinger deal with Conrad Black Hollinger International has reached a deal with its ousted chairman, Conrad Black, that would allow the media tycoon to share in the proceeds of the \$1.
DreamWorks Animation IPO Raises \$812 Mln  NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - DreamWorks Animation SKG  Inc.'s initial public offering raised a more-than-expected \$812  million on Wednesday in a deal that marked the first IPO by a  major movie studio in seven years.
DreamWorks Animation IPO Raises  #36;812 Mln (Reuters) Reuters - DreamWorks Animation SKG\Inc.'s initial public offering raised a more-than-expected  #36;812\million on Wednesday in a deal that marked the first IPO by a\major movie studio in seven years.
Favres Fight Year of Hardships (AP) AP - More than ever, Brett Favre needs football as his escape. His wife, Deanna, is fighting breast cancer, the latest bad news for the star quarterback's family, which has dealt with two deaths in 11 months.
Phillies Consider John Russell for Manager (AP) AP - John Russell might be perceived as a long shot among Philadelphia Phillies managerial candidates.
Arafat 'Very Sick,' Palestinian Leaders Summoned  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat's health has worsened sharply and he is slipping  in and out of consciousness at his besieged West Bank  headquarters, officials and medics said Thursday.
Watchdogs: Broadband policy a bust Consumer advocate organizations say U.S is trailing in broadband and that inequality is increasing.
Bush campaign cuts website off from foreign access for "security reasons" (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush's reelection campaign said it had cut its website off from access from certain foreign countries  quot;for security reasons, quot; but declined to elaborate.
Afghanistan set to regain "land bridge" role for Asia: US (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan is set to reestablish its role as a  quot;land bridge quot; linking much of Asia and drive growth in the four trillion dollar broader regional market, a top US official said.
Earthquake Hits Romania, No Reports of Casualties  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - An earthquake hit Romania on  Wednesday night, shaking buildings in the capital Bucharest but  apparently causing little damage, Reuters witnesses said.
Ask Jeeves Third Quarter Profit Up, But Stock Falls (Reuters) Reuters - Ask Jeeves Inc.  posted a\higher third-quarter profit as Web-search advertising continued\to fuel revenue growth.
Americans a Bit Taller, Much Heavier, Report Says (Reuters) Reuters - Americans are getting taller on\average but they are much heavier too, according to government\figures released on Wednesday showing that the U.S. population\is, literally, growing.
MySQL calls open source database enterprise-ready MySQL on Wednesday announced general availability of Version 4.1 of its MySQL open source database, which the company is positioning as production-ready for large-scale enterprise usage.
Phoenix exercises option on Amare Stoudemire (AFP) AFP - Amare Stoudemire, who will make 2.32 million dollars this season, had his fourth-year option picked up on his contract, the Phoenix Suns announced.
Marsh ex-CEO exercises stock options WASHINGTON -- Jeffrey W. Greenberg, who resigned this week as chairman and chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. Inc., amid a regulatory inquiry into its policies, exercised options to obtain 540,000 shares 
New Zealand interest rates lifted for sixth time this year WELLINGTON : New Zealand #39;s central Reserve Bank lifted interest rates for the sixth time this year. Governor Alan Bollard said in a statement the cash rate had been raised to 6.50 percent from 6.25 percent.
Bush website inaccessible from Australia United States President George W Bush #39;s campaign website is inaccessible from outside the United States, blocking access for Americans living in Australia.
Moon to disappear Wednesday night - temporarily Astronomers say the Moon might look like a pumpkin Wednesday night before it completely disappears in the Earths shadow in the last total lunar eclipse until March 2007.
Yahoo Search Goes Mobile Yahoo for the first time is letting mobile phone users query its search engine, giving them access to conventional Web results, local business listings and related information, as well as images such as pictures and maps, the company says.
SGI Takes Off With NASA Supercomputer Forget the Earth Simulator and IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L, Silicon Graphics (SGI) (Quote, Chart) is laying claim to the fastest supercomputer in the world.
Vikings #39; Moss practices despite hamstring injury Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Randy Moss practiced on Wednesday despite nursing a strained right hamstring and is listed as questionable for this Sunday #39;s game against the New York Giants.
RB McGahee earns Bills starting job Willis McGahee will start at running back Sunday for the Buffalo Bills in hopes of igniting a sputtering offense.  quot;He #39;s made some more yards after first contact, quot; coach Mike Mularkey said in announcing that 
Bremen come from behind to stun Stuttgart Stuttgart, Germany (Sports Network) - Werder Bremen scored twice in the last 12 minutes as the defending Bundesliga champions beat Stuttgart in a physical match, 2-1.
Japan hostage faces execution TOKYO - Japan insisted yesterday it would not bow to the demands of militants in Iraq who threatened to behead a young Japanese unless Tokyo pulls its troops from the country within 48 hours.
Google Plans To Acquire Keyhole Search giant Google Inc. on Wednesday said it has acquired Keyhole Corp., a digital-mapping company that shows satellite pictures from around the world.
Stocks Rally on Oil, Economic News With oil prices dropping, stocks rallied to their second consecutive day of sizeable gains today, with the Dow again rising by triple-digits and the Nasdaq turning in the day #39;s best overall performance.
Weaned on Video Games Video gamers are getting younger and younger. And parents and the video game industry agree that the implications are likely to be enormous.
Wednesday Night Features Full Lunar Eclipse Just in time for Halloween, the moon will look more like a pumpkin than green cheese during a total lunar eclipse on Wednesday night.
Preminet: Nokias Mobile Content Move Courtesy of Nokia, mobile content distribution and transaction will reside in a one-stop-shop, making life easier for mobile networks and perhaps more interesting for the owners of some 350 million Java-enabled handsets (at last count.
Plugging Into the Net, Through the Humble Wall Outlet An emerging technology known as broadband over power lines may soon provide a new channel for high-speed data into homes through ordinary electrical outlets.
Red Sox retrospective The last time the Boston Red Sox won the World Series, Woodrow Wilson was president, suffragettes were demanding that women get to vote and doughboys were  quot;over there, quot; fighting a war in France that wasn #39;t called World War I because 
O #39;s ink Palmeiro to one-year deal The Orioles made quick work of what was expected to be one of their most difficult offseason decisions, re-signing Rafael Palmeiro to a one-year deal Wednesday and practically 
Moss goes through Vikings morning walkthrough Minnesota Vikings head coach Mike Tice says his star receiver is looking better this week after being limited last week by a strained hamstring.
McGahee earns Bills starting job ORCHARD PARK, NY Willis McGahee (muh-GAY #39;-hee) will start at running back Sunday for the Buffalo Bills in hopes of igniting a sputtering offense.
When the Big-Game Ticket Is Just a Big Fake New technology and a faceless distribution network over the Internet are contributing to a rising number of counterfeit tickets to sports events and concerts.
The IPod's New Trick: Photo Show The iPod Photo looks and feels exactly like the existing iPod -- except it can display your photos on a bright screen. Should you buy it?
Sharon savours victory for Gaza pullout JERUSALEM: Israeli PM Ariel Sharon was savouring a dramatic victory for his Gaza pullout plan on Wednesday after MPs gave the green light to the first ever evacuation of occupied Palestinian territory.
Scampering to the Height of Fashion On the Web, a parallel universe of tiny, adorable accessories for tiny, adorable dogs.
MySQL calls open source database enterprise-ready (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - MySQL on Wednesday announced general availability of Version 4.1 of its MySQL open source database, which the company is positioning as production-ready for large-scale enterprise usage.
Mets Interview Riggleman for Managing Job Jim Riggleman, the Dodgers' bench coach, was the Chicago Cubs' manager for five seasons before being fired in 1999.
Haitians Say Police Killed 13 in Pro-Aristide Slum  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - Residents of a  Port-au-Prince slum accused Haitian police on Wednesday of  executing 13 people believed to be supporters of ousted  President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Boeing profit up 78 percent in quarter, upbeat on 2005 CHICAGO : Aerospace giant Boeing reported a 78 percent increase in third-quarter profit on Wednesday and gave an upbeat forecast for the rest of 2004 and into 2005.
OPEC President Urges US To Tap Oil Reserves Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said he has requested that the US use more of its oil reserves to calm the markets.
Summary: Wall Street #39;s Major Indexes The Dow Jones industrial average posted its second straight triple-digit gain Wednesday, as a government oil inventory report sent crude futures tumbling.
Foreigners Blocked From Bush Site LONDON -- President Bush #39;s official campaign website has blocked access to foreign surfers since Monday, an internet monitoring company said Wednesday.
Ballmer: Windows TCO the way to go In the face of growing competition from Linux, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer delivered a four-page memo to customers on Wednesday outlining the economic and security advantages Windows has over Linux, the potential dangers of open source involving 
Intel Launches Storage Processor Intel also unveiled a key optical design win with Emulex Corporation and a new compiler for storage applications. Intel introduced the 64 bit-capable Low Voltage Intel Xeon Processor 2.8 GHz with 800 
Calderwood #39;s added time quandary Jimmy Calderwood admitted he had been angry the referee added on four minutes with Aberdeen holding Celtic to a draw, only for the Dons to grab a late goal.
Bills look to McGahee for a spark Willis McGahee has emerged as the Buffalo Bills starting running back based on his ability to provide more of a spark to a sputtering offence.
Safin gets free ride TOP-seeded Marat Safin advanced to the second round of the St Petersburg Open today when Austrian Alexander Peya retired with an injured ankle.
BREMEN FOIL STUTTGART RISE Ten-man Bremen came from behind to inflict Stuttgart #39;s second successive defeat with a win at the Gottlieb-Daimler Stadium on Wednesday evening.
REGION: EU and Iran fail to reach nuclear deal VIENNA: France, Britain and Germany failed to reach a deal with Iran on Wednesday under which Tehran would scrap its uranium enrichment programme in exchange for nuclear power technology, but the two sides agreed to meet again.
British troops start perilous Iraq mission BAGHDAD: Hundreds of British soldiers left southern Iraq on a risky mission closer to Baghdad on Wednesday to free up US forces for a possible assault on rebel-held Fallujah, as Tokyo stood firm after militants threatened to behead a Japanese hostage.
Out with the old at EDS Electronic Data Systems' early-retirement plan aims to save hundreds of millions of dollars, but saying goodbye to veteran employees could be hard on the firm.
Powerful blast rocks Bordeaux city hall (AFP) AFP - The city hall of the southwestern French city of Bordeaux was damaged by a powerful explosion overnight, witnesses saw.
Day from Hell May Have Killed Off Dinosaurs (Reuters) Reuters - One minute you're a big\T-Rex, the next you're toast.
DreamWorks Animation IPO Raises \$812 Mln DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. #39;s initial public offering raised a more-than-expected \$812 million on Wednesday in a deal that marked the 
Cassini Takes A Close Look At Saturns Moon Titan Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan held onto its secrets despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft #39;s cameras and instruments.
Bush campaign site blocks traffic from abroad The folks in charge of the United States president #39;s re-election campaign seem to have forgotten that the first two letters of WWW stand for  quot;world wide.
1572 AD Explosion Supports Supernova Theory Hubble Space Telescope -- An international team of astronomers is announcing today that they have identified the probable surviving companion star to a titanic supernova explosion witnessed in the year 1572 by the great Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe and 
Celtic are rocked by Stewart Temerity is suddenly in fashion in the Scottish Premier League. Dundee United forced a draw with Rangers at Ibrox on Sunday and last night Aberdeen.
Tennis quote provides food for thought... If Roger Federer or Andy Roddick were credited with the above quote, to win all the four Grand Slam titles in 2005, I would have, perhaps, not written this column.
Prediction: Georgia Tech 23, Virginia Tech 20 GAME NOTES: The ACC #39;s two Tech schools meet up in Atlanta this weekend, as the 22nd-ranked Virginia Tech Hokies come calling on the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in a Thursday evening clash from Bobby Dodd Stadium.
Patience pays off for Kezman Chelsea moved into the fourth round of the Carling Cup thanks to Mateja Kezman #39;s first goal for the club. But there were unpleasant scenes towards the end of this closely fought contest when the 
Real-life rescue played out on TV IN A drama played out live on Japanese television, a two-year-old boy was rescued from beneath huge boulders yesterday, four days after a deadly earthquake triggered a landslide that buried the car carrying him and his family.
UK report says Linux is 'viable' A UK government study finds the open-source Linux operating system is a  "viable" alternative to rival products.
PayPal Makes Amends for Recent Outage (AP) AP - Online payment service PayPal said it will essentially waive transaction fees for some customers on Thursday to make amends for the inconvenience caused by about five days of intermittent service outages earlier this month.
PDA Sales Continue to Drop (PC World) PC World - Consumers are giving PDAs the hand as they move toward smart phones.
Earthquake Shakes Romania; No Injuries (AP) AP - A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.8 shook Romania late Wednesday, Romania's Earth Physics Institute said. Authorities said there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Saturn #39;s moon Titan holds mysteries despite close Cassini flyby PASADENA, Calif. Scientists don #39;t know what to make of new close-up images of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan. Pictures taken by the European-US Cassini spacecraft show distinct dark and bright areas -- but scientists 
Jobs unveils Apple #39;s Photo iPod APPLE has introduced a new larger-capacity iPod with a colour display as well as a first-of-its-kind digital compendium of the rock band U2 #39;s songs.
Look to the sky tonight for eclipse If you still don #39;t believe the Earth is round, check out tonight #39;s lunar eclipse: It was enough to convince the ancient Greeks.
Hain hit with eggs in hunt demo Commons leader Peter Hain is pelted with eggs and his aide punched during a pro-hunt demonstration in Oxford.
Cingular keeps BBDO Atlanta In a vote of confidence for BBDO Atlanta, the now-largest cell phone company Cingular Wireless will keep its business with the Atlanta advertising agency.
Two Wireless Broadband Standards Get A Boost The battle lines between two leading wireless broadband technologies were drawn more clearly this week as the major proponents of each approach announced that a large hardware company had joined their camp.
SanDisk Intros New Memory Sticks and SD Cards with World #39;s Largest &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 4GB SanDisk Memory Stick PRO will cost \$799.99, while 2GB SanDisk SD Card will be \$199.99. They will be available in November.
African Union to finalize security protocol on Darfur crisis The African Union (AU) said Wednesday at the end of the third day of peace talks on Sudan #39;s Darfur in Abuja, capital of Nigeria, that it would finalize a protocol on security 
Fall in oil price provides welcome boost for Wall Street Investors have grown increasingly anxious about how soaring energy costs might dent consumer spending ahead of the what is widely expected to be a chillier than normal winter.
Developments concerning Iraq Britain begins redeploying some 800 troops toward the restive area south of Baghdad area in a move aimed at freeing up US forces for an assault on insurgent areas north and west of the capital.
Trapped toddler freed four days after Japanese quake TOKYO - After five days of disaster and death, Japan was given some reason to cheer yesterday when a toddler who had been trapped alive in a car for four days was miraculously pulled to safety.
Red Sox Go for World Series Sweep Tonight There's no other outcome now: The Red Sox will either win the World Series or add another historic collapse to their legend.
Mississippi State Penalized for Football Violations  STARKVILLE, Mississippi (Sports Network) - The NCAA  Wednesday placed Mississippi State on probation for four years  because of football recruiting violations.
Mondavi Posts Loss After Restructuring The Robert Mondavi Corp. swung to a loss in its latest quarter as the wine maker recorded restructuring and sales charges. The Napa-based company on Wednesday reported a net loss of \$57.
Market spurts ahead after RB brings tightening to end The sharemarket spurted ahead nearly 1 per cent in early business despite the Reserve Bank (RB) today raising interest rates for the sixth time this year.
PDA Sales Continue to Drop If a handheld device doesn #39;t have voice capabilities, a growing number of users around the world aren #39;t interested, according to IDC.
Cassini probe reveals detailed images of Saturn #39;s largest moon Scientists cheered yesterday as the first detailed images emerged of Titan - the largest moon of Saturn - though they are still unsure whether its surface is liquid or solid.
Arsene Wenger  the Arsenal years 1998: Wins Premiership with club-record 10 consecutive League wins. Arsenal equal Manchester United #39;s record of two Doubles when they beat Newcastle in the FA Cup final.
IOC warns against venue delays Beijing should not wait too long to complete venues for the 2008 Olympics, a top official from the International Olympic Committee said in the capital yesterday.
Palmeiro, Orioles reach terms CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Baltimore Orioles reached terms Wednesday with first baseman Rafael Palmeiro on a one-year, \$3-million US contract.
Arafat Collapses As His Health Worsens (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat collapsed Wednesday night, was unconscious for about 10 minutes and remained in a "very difficult situation," Palestinian officials said. A team of Jordanian doctors was urgently summoned to treat the ailing Palestinian leader.
Martin shuts down nomination battles to avoid repeat of bitter Liberal fights (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - An experiment in Liberal party democracy that degenerated into vicious internal battles has now been cancelled, Prime Minister Paul Martin told his troops Wednesday.
Scientists Find Prehistoric Dwarf Skeleton (AP) AP - In an astonishing discovery that could rewrite the history of human evolution, scientists say they have found the skeleton of a new human species, a dwarf, marooned for eons in a tropical Lost World while modern man rapidly colonized the rest of the planet.
In Last-Minute Deal With Union, Delta May Avoid Bankruptcy Delta Air Lines' pilots union said late Wednesday it had reached a tentative agreement on concessions that could save the struggling carrier from bankruptcy.
Pitcairn By now, most people will have heard of the rather sordid tale of the Pitcairn Islands. For those who haven't, it is a tale of sex, scandals, infamy, mutineers, fights for survival and all sorts of other stuff that tabloid newspapers love.
Sony PSP to cost surprising 20,790 yen, hit shelves Dec. 12 Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. said Wednesday it will release its PlayStation Portable game console in Japan on Dec. 12 at a price of 20,790 yen, surprising many who had expected it to cost far more.
Doctors and wife rush to side of  #39;unconscious #39; Arafat YASSIR ARAFAT last night collapsed after his health deteriorated dramatically and he remained in a very difficult situation, Palestinian officials said.
Vietnam official on rape charge An ex-deputy minister in Vietnam is tried with allegedly raping a young girl to change his bad luck.
US voters 'going online for news' More than 40 of wired Americans have used the net for information about the US election, a study finds.
Growth continues despite oil price hike The survey of business activity around the country, compiled from reports submitted by the Fed #39;s 12 regional banks, depicted an economy that was moving ahead with even the hard-hit manufacturing sector beginning to regain its footing after a prolonged 
Fed Reports Continuing Economic Growth (AP) AP - The U.S. economy continued to grow in the early fall despite being buffeted by rising energy costs and hurricanes, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday, providing its last snapshot of business conditions before Election Day.
10-Men Bremen Stun Stuttgart Champions Werder Bremen hauled their title defence back on the rails with a superb 2-1 win at second-placed VfB Stuttgart on Wednesday night.
Pull charity out of Iraq, pleads Hassan in new video The kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan appeared in a new videotaped message last night, calling on Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq.
Cashman Admits Pulling for Sox The Boston Red Sox have an unlikely fan in this World Series: Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman.
Cdn Islamic Congress rejects president's offer to resign; police launch probe (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The Canadian Islamic Congress has refused to accept the resignation of its embattled president even as a police hate crimes unit investigates controversial comments he made on television.
Asthma risk set during pregnancy The chances of a child developing asthma or other allergies may largely be fixed by the time they are born, research suggests.
GAME DAY RECAP Wednesday, October 27 BOSTON (Ticker) -- The Boston Celtics used balanced scoring to end their preseason on a high note. Jiri Welsch scored 16 points and Tom Gugliotta and Ricky Davis added 12 apiece as the Celtics snapped a six 
Group vows revenge in Thailand A militant group in Thailand has threatened to attack the capital of Bangkok to avenge the deaths of some 80 Muslims in the country #39;s southern region.
Tomlinson Expects to Play Against Raiders (AP) AP - LaDainian Tomlinson missed practice Wednesday and will probably sit out Thursday because of a strained groin, but the San Diego Chargers running back expects to play against the Oakland Raiders.
Boston's Epstein on Verge of First Title (AP) AP - In the tumult of the visitors' clubhouse at Yankee Stadium, champagne pouring all around him, Theo Epstein held a beer.
Burns Making Progress in Cancer Fight (AP) AP - New Jersey Devils coach Pat Burns says he's making good progress in his fight against colon cancer after finishing chemotherapy treatments this week.
Cassini Unveils Pictures of Saturn's Moon (AP) AP - The international Cassini spacecraft began unveiling Saturn's mysterious sidekick Titan with a stream of increasingly sharp pictures of the surface taken during a flyby within 745 miles of the hazy moon.
News.com Extra: Experts warn of Net flu vaccine scam Also: Nintendo threatens Suicidegirls over IP use.
Nikkei Up Despite Weak Output Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei share average rose 1.36  percent by mid-morning trade on Thursday, as the market took  weak output data in its stride and buyers flocked to recently  battered stocks after a steep fall in oil prices boosted U.S.  shares.
Mideast upheaval may be welcome Ariel Sharon #39;s right-wing nationalist coalition in Israel is imploding and Fatah, the core Palestinian nationalist group, is in turmoil now that Marwan Barghouti, the young West Bank leader, is to campaign to succeed the late Yassir Arafat from an Israeli 
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company (AP) AP - Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
Soldiers rush supplies to storm-hit Filipinos Philippine soldiers have rushed food, drinking water and other supplies by foot and helicopters to provinces cut off by four storms in two weeks that have left more than 1,300 people dead or missing.
Defence firms cash in on war on terror The increased spending on the military helped drive a sharp increase in profits at plane-maker Boeing and defence contractor Northrop Grumman during the third quarter.
DreamWorks Expected To Get Big Reception on Wall Street It #39;s shaping up to be an ogre-sized Wall Street debut for the shares of the company that made the animated hits  quot;Shrek quot; and  quot;Shark Tale.
US approval for kidney dialysis drug offers timely relief for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The regulatory approval was also a boost for the embattled drugs sector. It was feared that, following a series of safety crises, the US Food and Drug Administration would get tougher on new drugs.
Hollinger offers Black \$100m deal Hollinger International has extended an olive branch to former chief executive Lord Black by offering him a share in the proceeds of the 665m sale of the Daily and Sunday Telegraph.
Delta, Pilots Reach Tentative Agreement on Wage Cuts (Update1) Delta Air Lines Inc., the third-largest US carrier, reached a tentative agreement with its pilots union on pay reductions, according to a statement by the union.
Digital Assistants Continue to Lose Ground (AP) AP - Shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm IDC said Wednesday.
UA researchers work on Cassini project The University of Arizona in Tucson has a dozen faculty members and scores of graduate students who have spent hundreds of thousands of hours working on Cassini-related projects.
Sony aims low with new console After months of speculation, Sony had good news for gamers yesterday when it revealed that its new handheld game console will go on sale for 19,800 yen (100), cheaper than many analysts predicted.
Ontario Warns Against Grand Theft Auto Game Ontario has not rated the game, but it is warning parents about the video game  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. #39; #39;. In it, players rub elbows with drug dealers and gang members as they steal cars, beat up thugs, and solicit prostitutes.
Review: a Flat Panel That's Also Deep (AP) AP - Three-dimensional movies at home, without the silly glasses, have been a science-fiction dream for at least as long as Dick Tracy's wristwatch cell phone and the household robot.
PM backs curfews, booze bans PRIME Minister John Howard has backed curfews and alcohol bans for Aboriginal communities where leaders want to put them in place.
Palestinian officials rush to bedside of ailing Arafat The Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, was in a serious condition last night after a sharp deterioration in his health, Palestinian officials said.
Unilever admits to weak results as sales fall Unilever, the consumer goods group, revealed yesterday that its sales dropped 4 in the past three months, a performance it called  quot;unacceptably weak quot;.
Investor tries to block Abbey deal Abbey National faces a high court challenge to its 9bn takeover by Banco Santander Central Hispano because of concerns about criminal charges faced by executives of the Spanish bank.
Google Grabs 3-D Mapping Startup Google Inc. on Wednesday branched out into 3-D digital mapping with the acquisition of Keyhole Corp. In its second acquisition this year, Google has bought a startup company that connects consumers, businesses 
Stellar Survivor From 1572 AD Explosion Supports Supernova Theory An international team of astronomers is announcing today that they have identified the probable surviving companion star to a titanic supernova explosion witnessed in the year 1572 by the great Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe and other astronomers of that 
Celtic hit by Dons in full spate Resurgent Aberdeen, all of brave, magnificent and lucky, bludgeoned Celtic in their own back yard last night. This was a mesmerising match, distinguished by two impossibly early Aberdeen goals followed by 
Union Challenges NFL Revenue Plan Gene Upshaw, the executive director of the National Football League Players Association, told the league #39;s ownership and management council Wednesday that the eight 
Palestinian Icon Yasser Arafat 'Very Sick'  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat is "very, very sick" and the ex-guerrilla who for  decades symbolized a struggle for statehood is slipping in and  out of consciousness, officials and medics said on Thursday.
palmOne Enhances Treo Smartphone but Challenges Remain On 25 October 2004, palmOne introduced its next-generation smartphone, the Treo 650, which combines a compact mobile phone with e-mail, an organizer, messaging and Web access.
Stargazers Enjoy Total Lunar Eclipse (AP) AP - Astronomy buffs and amateur stargazers turned out to watch a total lunar eclipse Wednesday night  #151; the last one Earth will get for nearly two and a half years.
Magic Beats Heat in Preseason Finale (AP) AP - Steve Francis scored 22 points, and the Orlando Magic rode an early double-figures lead to a 109-103 victory Wednesday night over the Miami Heat in the preseason finale for both.
Watson Declines Post Former major league general manager Bob Watson on Wednesday turns down the chance to be general manager of the Expos.
New Running World Marine Corps Marathon organizers have launched an unprecedented security effort in preparation for Sunday's 26.2-mile race.
Owens, Lewis Explain Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis insists he is done talking about Terrell Owens and the deal that almost brought the wideout to Baltimore.
Cost Estimate Jumps The cost of building a stadium and renovating RFK Stadium could be \$91 million more than city officials initially estimated, according to an analysis released Wednesday.
Graham Lauds Mr. O'Brien For soft-spoken trainer Robin Graham, calling the 5-year-old gelding Mr. O'Brien "great" in workouts for Saturday's Breeders' Cup Mile is downright effusive.
Beamer Sees Gains A five-game stretch of ACC games, which begins Thursday against Georgia Tech, should show how much the young Hokies have grown since August.
Upshaw Wants Changes NFLPA head Gene Upshaw informs team owners on Wednesday during league meetings that the players want a larger percentage of local revenue streams.
Marine Wives Rally A group of Marine wives are running for the family of a Marine Corps officer who was killed in Iraq.
It's All in His Head Much of place kicker Nick Novak's success throughout his career can be attributed to mental preparation.
A Lot on the Line In the final full-field event of the season, several players are under pressure to finish well at the Chrysler Championship for a variety of reasons.
Suns Extend Stoudemire Amare Stoudemire had his contract extended Wednesday by the Phoenix Suns who exercised their fourth-year option on the contract.
Ace in the Hole General Manager Theo Epstein said the Red Sox want Pedro Martinez to return next season. Martinez is a free agent after the season.
Wall Street stocks rise on hopeful crude and economic reports NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (XinhuaNET) -- Wall Street stocks extended theirrally Wednesday as investors expressed relief over falling oil prices and a strong economic report.
NHL negotiators discuss non-labour issues CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Chief negotiators Bill Daly and Ted Saskin met Tuesday for two hours in New York. Unfortunately, the NHL work stoppage wasn #39;ta topic of conversation.
India fall flat as tourists seek a winning note There was a fierce and fascinating contest played out here yesterday but only between two rival sets of Australia supporters, the internet-roused travelling fans from the Fanatics and Waving the Flag collectives, to see who could deafen the greater number 
Arafat #39;s Health Reported to Have Turned Sharply Worse Yasir Arafat #39;s uncertain health took a sharp turn for the worse on Wednesday night with an ambulance and medical teams summoned to his West Bank compound amid unconfirmed 
Thailand urged to probe protesters #39; deaths Despite an expression of regret to parliament, Thaksin rebuffed criticism of his attitude to human rights. volatile south bringing the total death toll after a protest outside a police station on Monday to 85.
Iran Pursues Uranium Enrichment And Nuclear Weapons Hardline lawmakers, who control a majority in Iran #39;s parliament, introduced a bill which would force the government to resume uranium enrichment and halt snap UN inspections of nuclear facilities.
Statements by Powell About Taiwan Provoke a Diplomatic Dispute Chinese officials praised Secretary of State Colin L. Powell on Wednesday for warning Taiwan that it is not an independent nation and should not seek to become one.
Russia Charges 3 Policemen with Negligence in Beslan Hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russian officials say three policemen have been charged with criminal negligence in connection with the deaths of more than 330 hostages seized by militants at a school in Beslan at the beginning of September.
Nikkei Rises as Oil Sags  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei share average rose 1.4 percent  by midsession on Thursday as investors took weak domestic  output data in their stride and flocked to recently battered  stocks, inspired by a steep fall in oil prices.
Mets Will Consider Leyland if He's Interested Jim Leyland has indicated that he is interested in managing again. He just might not be interested in managing the Mets.
Sao Caetano Defender in Critical Condition (AP) AP - Sao Caetano defender Serginho was taken to a hospital unconscious and in critical condition after collapsing during a Brazilian championship match Wednesday.
Delta Reaches Deal With Pilots, Averting Chapter 11 Filing Delta reached a tentative agreement with its pilots' union Wednesday night on wage and benefit cuts, averting a threatened bankruptcy filing, at least for now.
Oil Prospecting Under Kremlin Watch BP, the only Western concern that owns a controlling share in a major Russian oil company, is hoping to avoid any direct conflict with the Kremlin.
Finding the Future in an Old Industry The \$17.8 billion, three-way deal that Lakshmi N. Mittal, a financier based in London, announced this week would put him at the head of the largest steel company in the world.
Paper peace doves fall over southern Thailand as violence &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PATTANI : Fifty aircraft scattered 120 million paper birds across southern Thailand on Sunday in a peace gesture marred by new killings in the troubled Muslim-majority region.
Report: Delta Reaches Deal with Pilots  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Airlines has reached a tentative  agreement with its pilots union on wage and benefit cuts aimed  at avoiding a bankruptcy filing, The Wall Street Journal said  in a report late Wednesday on its Web site.
Lowe Shutting Out Cardinals Through Six Innings  ST. LOUIS (Sports Network) - Derek Lowe has allowed just  two hits as Boston jumped on St. Louis early and still leads  3-0 after six innings in Game 4 of the 2004 World Series.
Australia #39;s WMC Resources Receives Bid From Xstrata -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australia #39;s WMC Resources Ltd. (WMC) on Thursday said it recently received a conditional takeover proposal from London-listed resource major Xstrata PLC (XTA.
Mysterious Moonscape Seen on Saturn #39;s Titan High-quality images of Titan, Saturn #39;s mysterious moon, tantalized and bewildered scientists yesterday, and they warned that NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft may have to make several passes over the frozen world before it gives up its secrets.
Hosts kick off 2006 finals They will will play the opening match on June 9, 2006, in Munich, although Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann had wanted to leave that honour to another team, preferably defending champions Brazil, provided they qualify.
McGrath celebrates 100th Test by punishing India #39;s top order Fast bowler Glenn McGrath celebrated his 100th Test appearance by sparking India #39;s top-order collapse Wednesday as Australia took charge of the third Test.
Black Watch Begins Its Long Trek North By Jamie Lyons, Political Correspondent, and Kim Pilling, PA News. British troops from the Black Watch stopped overnight in Nasiriyah after they moved through desert towards Iraqs triangle of death.
Muslim cleric Bashir on trial again in Indonesia JAKARTA : An Indonesian Muslim cleric cleared last year of leading the Al-Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiyah extremist group goes on trial again on Thursday accused of involvement in the Bali and Marriott hotel bombings.
China to punish embassy intruders China would punish intruders at embassies and schools according to the law, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said Tuesday.
SBC Offers  #36;19.95/month Broadband to New Customers (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications  will\offer a high-speed Internet connection for  #36;19.95 per month to\new customers who buy a top-line calling plan and sign a\one-year contract, the company said on Wednesday.
Trial of Radical Cleric Bashir Starts in Indonesia  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir went on  trial in Indonesia on Thursday on charges of leading Jemaah  Islamiah, a militant network seen as the Southeast Asian arm of  al Qaeda.
Fallujah Talks, and Battle Planning, Continue A U.S. military convoy of at least 40 armored vehicles was seen moving toward Fallujah, while British troops in southern Iraq headed north to plug any gaps that an offensive on the city might create.
India's Ex-Foreign Minister Assails Powell India's former foreign minister has denounced Secretary of State Colin L. Powell in unusually strong terms, saying that Powell's account of how he helped facilitate a dialogue between the Indian and Pakistani prime ministers was "fabricated and baseless."
Sao Caetano Defender in Critical Condition Sao Caetano defender Serginho was taken to a hospital unconscious and in critical condition after collapsing during a Brazilian championship match Wednesday.
Brazil Raids Kroll Offices in Spy Probe Police raided the Brazilian offices of international security consultant Kroll Inc. and arrested five employees Wednesday in an investigation into allegations of illegal spying by Kroll during the company's probe of a nasty corporate dispute.
Delta reaches pilot deal: report Pact with union may allow the No. 3 airline to avoid a bankruptcy filing, newspaper says. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Delta Air Lines and its pilots union reached an agreement on concessions that could allow the 
Quarterly Profits Rise for Cox and Comcast MCSK quot; gt; Comcast Corporation and Cox Communications, two of the nation #39;s largest cable companies, reported strong third-quarter profit and revenue growth yesterday because of growing demand for 
Black gets share of Telegraph windfall Hollinger International confirmed in court papers that it is planning to distribute some of the proceeds from the sale of the Telegraph Group to shareholders, a move that 
Ex-Macy #39;s Executive to Lead JC Penney JC Penney said yesterday that Allen I. Questrom, the chief executive who has restyled the once-beleaguered chain into a sleeker and more profitable entity, would be succeeded by Myron E. Ullman III, another longtime retail executive.
Ballmer confronts Linux head-on Windows computing environments are cheaper, more secure, and lower risk than those based on Linux and open-source software, CEO Steve Ballmer asserts in an E-mail sent Wednesday to Microsoft #39;s customers and partners.
Violent game #39;s poster falls to gentle request When Charles Grosz read that a boy charged in the brutal beating death of a homeless man had compared it to the violent video game  quot;Grand Theft Auto, quot; he felt saddened.
Upshaw: Players Want a New Deal Gene Upshaw, executive director of the NFL Players Association, told team owners Wednesday that the league #39;s 1,700 players should receive a larger share of the 
NBA Game Summary - Phoenix vs. LA Lakers Las Vegas, NV (Sports Network) - Brian Grant had 22 points and Chris Mihm added 15, as the Los Angeles Lakers downed the Phoenix Suns, 111-103.
Japan Earthquake Rescuers Work to Free Girl (Reuters) Reuters - Rescuers who saved a two-year-old\boy trapped by a landslide after Japan's deadliest earthquake\in a decade struggled to free his sister on Thursday but hopes\were fading for her survival.
Palestinian official denies committee to act for ailing Arafat A senior Palestinian official denied Thursday that a three-man committee has been appointed to act for the ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was in critical condition after a stomach flu Wednesday.
Iran nuclear talks report progress Progress was reported in Vienna Wednesday on the talks over Iran #39;s nuclear program but details were not available. Negotiators for Britain, Germany and France met with Iranians to discuss the issue, CNN reported.
Prithvi #39;s naval variant is successfully test-fired NEW DELHI: A new modified version of the indigenously-developed medium-range Prithvi missile, called P-III, was test-fired from the integrated test range at Chandipur, near Balasore, on Wednesday.
NBA Suspends Four After Bulls-Wizards Fight  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - NBA vice president Stu Jackson  Wednesday handed out suspensions for four players involved in a  fight during Monday's preseason game between the Washington  Wizards and Chicago Bulls.
Indonesian Muslim cleric Bashir claims innocence ahead of terror trial (AFP) AFP - A hardline Indonesian Muslim cleric protested his innocence as he was taken to court amid blanket security to stand trial for involvement in the deadly Bali and Marriott hotel bombings.
Philippine flood victims lose hope as storm nears PHILIPPINES: The tides of mud carved a random trail of destruction through Philippine towns, robbing already impoverished residents of children, houses and hope.
Bucks Beat Timberwolves 76-75 at Buzzer (AP) AP - Maurice Williams hit a jumper with one second left to cap an 11-point performance and lead the Milwaukee Bucks over the Minnesota Timberwolves 76-75 Wednesday night in a preseason game.
MARKET PLACE DreamWorks Animation Raises \$812 Million RIDING the success of back-to-back animated hits, the entertainment company DreamWorks priced shares for its animation unit above the anticipated level, raising \$812 million in an initial public offering yesterday.
Stargazers Enjoy Total Lunar Eclipse The moon is partially covered by the shadow of the earth at approximately 9:14 pm EDT, as seen from Archer, Fla., Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
Inter draw with lecce while AC Milan crash Atlanta challenges Duccio Innocenti of Atalanta during their Serie A match at the San Siro stadium in Milan, October 27, 2004. (Xinhua/Reuters Photo).
Crude Oil Falls for 2nd Day on Larger-Than-Expected Supply Gain Crude oil futures fell in New York, extending the biggest decline in five months yesterday, after a jump in US inventories eased concern about a winter shortage.
IEA Urges Governments Worldwide to Rethink Energy Policy International Oil Daily, 27 October 2004 - With oil prices at record highs, governments must accelerate technological innovations  quot;that radically alter how we produce and use energy quot; to create a sustainable energy system, the International Energy Agency 
Dollar stronger at noon THE Australian dollar was trading stronger today as news of a takeover bid for Australian mining company WMC Resources supported the currency during morning trading.
Kidney drug approval gives Shire some breathing space THE 64,000 dollar - correction, make that 500 million dollar -uestion hanging over Shire Pharmaceuticals is whether the 5 per cent jump in the companys shares yesterday reflects relief that US regulators have finally approved its drug for 
Indonesian cleric on trial for terrorism Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir has gone on trial in Indonesia on charges of leading Jemaah Islamiah, a militant network seen as the Southeast Asian arm of al Qaeda.
Iran Threatens to End Nuclear Talks Iran #39;s Ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Pirooz Hosseini leaves in a car after a second round of talks with EU negotiators failed to produce an agreement for a total suspension of uranium enrichment in Iran, on Wednesday, Oct.
Blair admits British troops may stay in US area for months Tony Blair admitted yesterday that British troops could be in the American-controlled area of Iraq for months, contradicting assurances from his Defence Secretary that 
US secretary of state clarifies position on Taiwan, China &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The American Secretary of State, Colin Powell, has moved to assure Taiwan that US policy on the China/Taiwan relationship has not changed.
News: New Caller I.D. spoofing site opens Web-based caller I.D. spoofing is back, and this time it's available to everyone.\
Putin to youth: Take relations to greater heights BANGALORE: Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday called on the youth to take bilateral relationship between India and Russia to greater heights while asserting that India #39;s economic progress would make the world a better place to live in.
Two Moderate Earthquakes Hit Taiwan (AP) AP - Two moderate earthquakes hit eastern Taiwan on Thursday, the Central Weather Bureau said, but no damage or injuries were immediately reported.
Clinton Feels 'Distant' From Election (AP) AP - Former President Clinton may be out on the campaign trail, but he says he feels a bit detached "from the to and fro of the elections."
Insurgents #39; Attacks Kill at Least 26 Iraqis BAGHDAD, Iraq, Dec. 4 - Militants carried out deadly strikes in Baghdad and in the northern city of Mosul for the second day on Saturday, with suicide car bomb attacks on police stations and Kurdish militiamen 
WMC turns down Xstrata takeover bid MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Oct 28 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australian copper and nickel miner WMC Resources Ltd. said on Thursday it has turned down aA\$7.4 billion (\$5.5 billion) cash takeover offer from Swiss-based Xstrata, but would consider higher bids from the company.
Shire wins US approval for kidney disease drug SHIRE Pharmaceuticals was yesterday celebrating approval from US regulators for the launch of its Fosrenol treatment for patients with kidney disease.
Stocks extend rally for a second session NEW YORK - Stocks rose sharply Wednesday, extending their rally for a second session as investors expressed relief over plummeting oil prices following a government report that showed a buildup in crude inventories.
Football: Aberdeen beat Celtic 3-2 via last gasp goal Celtic suffered their first defeat of the Scottish Premier League season on Wednesday when John Stewart grabbed a goal in injury time to complete a 3-2 win for Aberdeen.
This Date in Baseball for Oct. 28 (AP) AP - 1958  #151; Construction began on the new ballpark for the Giants in San Francisco. The rocks in the area resembled candlesticks.
A New-Age General Manager Helps End an Age-Old Curse Until Theo Epstein became the general manager of the Boston Red Sox two years ago, at 28, life had offered him little cause to believe in superstition.
Union Challenges N.F.L. Revenue Plan Gene Upshaw, executive director of the players association, said the union was focused on dividing revenue more equitably.
Cardinals Fall Flat in Stunning Sweep (AP) AP - The sign at Busch Stadium pleaded: "Will the real Cardinals report and play?" The answer in Game 4, just as in the first three games, was emphatic: No!
Spurrier Back at Fla.? Steve Spurrier informs Florida officials that he has an interest in returning to coach the University of Florida, ESPN.com reported Wednesday night.
Web Feeds, Blogs   Search Engines Blogs are increasingly popular, and can have a dramatic effect on search engine positioning. How can you best take advantage of this new search marketing channel?
Yahoo! follows Google on Mobile Services Google SMS started serving search results to mobile users in the US just a few days back. Now Yahoo! follows it with even more comprehensive feature set.
Payton out with broken thumb, expected back for opener Celtics point guard Gary Payton missed Wednesday #39;s preseason game against Detroit because of a broken right thumb. Payton, acquired from the Los Angeles Lakers in an offseason trade, was injured 
At Least Five Dead in Russia Mine Blast  MOSCOW (Reuters) - At least five miners were killed and 14  injured in a blast in a coal mine in Russia's Siberia, the  Emergencies Ministry said on Thursday.
Howard seizes Australia's Senate Australia's John Howard captures control of his country's Senate, giving him extensive legislative power.
Baseball: Boston win World Series Boston clinch the World Series title after beating St Louis 3-0 in the fourth game to win 4-0.
Oil Extends Slide After Stockbuild Drop (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices continued falling on\Thursday after an unexpectedly large rise in U.S. crude\inventories spurred profit-taking from record highs.
Report: Delta Reaches Deal with Pilots (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Airlines has reached a tentative\agreement with its pilots union on wage and benefit cuts aimed\at avoiding a bankruptcy filing, The Wall Street Journal said\in a report late Wednesday on its Web site.
Red Sox Lift Championship, Bury Curse  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - The Boston Red Sox won their first  World Series title since 1918, and buried a curse, with a 3-0  victory over the St. Louis Cardinals Wednesday.
MarketWatch, Web News Site, Is Up for Sale MarketWatch, the owner of a leading financial news site, CBS MarketWatch, is soliciting bids expected to be as much as \$400 million for the company.
Red Sox Erase 86 Years of Futility in 4 Games The Red Sox, the team that perfected heartbreak, silenced the Cardinals, 3-0, in Game 4 to win their first World Series since 1918.
Cassini probe #39;s first flyby of Titan reveals some surprises NASA scientists, looking at the first close-up images of Titan, were able to peer through the atmosphere of the Saturn moon enough to see a checkered landscape under surprisingly clear skies.
Dell Elevates SuSE Linux Dell will expand its Linux offerings by preinstalling SuSE Linux on its servers starting later this year. By Larry Greenemeier. The same day Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer issued an E-mail to customers promoting 
Soyuz Capsule Lands on Kazakhstan Steppe A Russian-US crew returned to Earth from the international space station Sunday in a pinpoint landing on the Kazakhstan steppe, and NASA #39;s chief said the United States 
Cole Continues to Shine It is a pity that violence during and after Chelseas 1-0 Carling Cup third-round victory over West Ham at Stamford Bridge overshadowed yet another outstanding performance from Joe Cole.
UPDATE 1-Wenger extends Arsenal contract until 2008 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has extended his contract at the English champions until May 2008. Wenger, 55, arrived at Highbury in 1996 and has led the London 
UPDATE 2-Fleming completes second test double century Captain Stephen Fleming completed his second test double century on Wednesday as New Zealand piled on the runs against Bangladesh.
Keeping Our Priorities Straight in Afghanistan, by Ted Galen &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The war on drugs is interfering with the US effort to destroy Al Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan. US officials increasingly want to eradicate drugs as well as nurture Afghanistan #39;s 
Indonesian Court Opens Bashir Terror Trial  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian Islamic cleric Abu Bakar  Bashir went on trial on Thursday accused of leading an al  Qaeda-linked militant network and of planning or inciting  others to carry out attacks in the world's most populous Muslim  nation.
New 'yob' targets to be unveiled Fifty new areas which will get special help in fighting anti-social behaviour are being named on Wednesday.
Business as usual for ATA despite bankruptcy filing Although the future of ATA Airlines Inc. remains up in the air, planes still were landing Wednesday at the Quad-City International Airport and tickets still were selling, the airports aviation director said.
Energy Costs Crimp Economy US manufacturers cranked out more goods in recent weeks, while auto dealers moved more vehicles off their lots and trucking companies tried to find enough drivers to keep up with growing demand.
Study Backs Systems to Aid Auto Stability A new study by the insurance industry says that the stability systems available in some cars and trucks can greatly reduce the likelihood of an accident.
Delta, Pilots Come to Tentative Agreement Delta Air Line #39;s pilots negotiation committee last night reached a tentative cost-cutting agreement with the Atlanta-based airline.
Xstrata Offers A\$7.4 Billion for WMC Resources to Add Nickel Xstrata Plc, the world #39;s biggest exporter of power-station coal, offered A\$7.4 billion (\$5.5 billion) for WMC Resources Ltd. to gain nickel and copper mines.
Unilever stalls, P amp;G surges Procter  amp; Gamble beat Unilever in the battle of the big name grocery brands for the three months to September, results released yesterday showed.
First Enron Fraud Trial Nears End Four former Merrill Lynch and Co. executives and two former mid-level Enron Corp. executives conspired to push through a sham sale of barges in 1999 because they didn #39;t 
Ballmer argues against Linux Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive Steve Ballmer reiterated the company #39;s case against the open-source Linux operating system yesterday in an e-mail message to customers that was notable in part for its timing.
SBC lowers broadband prices for new customers SBC Communications will offer a high-speed Internet connection for \$19.95 per month to new customers who buy a premium calling plan and sign a one-year contract, the company said on Wednesday.
Ready to lead a Gator nation First-year University of Florida President Bernie Machen has his hands on a lot of things. Becoming intimately involved in the details of hiring a football coach is no more unusual to him than gripping the 
Bonds #39;s 700th? Not Priceless: It Fetches \$804,129 In Internet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Barry Bonds #39;s 700th home run ball brought a top bid of \$804,129 yesterday after a 10-day online auction. The ball had received 240 offers by the time Overstock.
Aussies take solid lead in third test as Tendulkar struggles Sachin Tendulkar perished cheaply on his return from injury yesterday as India #39;s top batting order crumbled to leave Australia in command of the third cricket test match.
Kidnapped British Woman Begs for Life The kidnapped British director of CARE International has made another plea urging Britain to withdraw troops from Iraq. In a video aired on Arab TV, Margaret Hassan asked for the aid organization to close its offices in Iraq.
Manny Ramirez Wins World Series MVP (AP) AP - Manny Ramirez owns a treasured spot in Red Sox lore  #151; the floppy-haired slugger is their first World Series MVP.
Arafat 'Very Sick,' Foreign Medics Summoned  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat is "very, very sick" and the ex-guerrilla who for  decades symbolized a struggle for statehood is slipping in and  out of consciousness, officials and medics said on Thursday.
Korean Nuclear Talks May Convene in November  BEIJING (Reuters) - The six parties trying to end a crisis  over North Korea's nuclear ambitions could hold working group  talks in November, diplomats said on Thursday, the first sign  of progress since Pyongyang stalled after the last round.
Oil prices fall after US report Oil prices continue to fall back from recent record highs, after a US report showed an unexpectedly large rise in crude stocks in America.
Cracking the Insurance Biz Wide Open Eliot Spitzer #39;s run at insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan (MMC ) looks increasingly as if it could be just the opening battle in a wide-ranging war against abuses in the insurance industry.
Despite Scandals, Boeing Still Wins Wall Street #39;s Favor When Boeing Co. chief executive Harry C. Stonecipher took the helm in December, he proclaimed that his top priority was restoring the aerospace giant #39;s reputation after revelations that employees 
A Hollywood Play For Dreamers Only In Shark Tale, DreamWorks Animation #39;s latest hit, a little hustler of a fish named Oscar (voiced by Will Smith) just can #39;t stand the truth.
Apple Has a Virus? Congratulations! Hackers wouldn #39;t bother writing malicious code to infect the Macintosh unless those computers actually mattered. By Eric Hellweg.
Stargazers View Lunar Eclipse CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- Stargazers across the US were craning their necks Wednesday night as the Earth #39;s shadow moved across the moon, totally eclipsing our planet #39;s only natural satellite.
Tennis: Nalbandian, Massu and Henman advance Second seed Tim Henman put a magnesium deficiency behind him to move comfortably into the second round of the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel on Wednesday.
Iranian Leader Rules Out Halt in Uranium Enrichment Iran #39;s supreme leader threatened Wednesday to pull out of negotiations if European countries press their demand for total suspension of uranium enrichment, as a new round 
Margaret Hassan Again Pleads for her Life Kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan has made another videotape plea for Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq. The tape, broadcast on Arab TV network Al-Jazeera, also showed Mrs Hassan 
Frustrated Cardinals Can't Hit in Series Loss to Sox  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - While the Boston Red Sox celebrated  the end of 86 years of frustration by winning the World Series  on Wednesday, the St. Louis Cardinals had to deal with some new  frustrations of their own.
Frustrated Cardinals Can't Hit in Series Loss to Sox (Reuters) Reuters - While the Boston Red Sox celebrated\the end of 86 years of frustration by winning the World Series\on Wednesday, the St. Louis Cardinals had to deal with some new\frustrations of their own.
Japan races against clock to secure release of hostage in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Japan is racing against the clock to secure the release of a young Japanese man kidnapped by Islamic militants in Iraq, with less than 24 hours to go before a deadline for his execution.
Russian Mine Blast Kills 10, Injures 30  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A methane blast in a mineshaft in  Russia's Siberia killed at least 10 people and injured 30 on  Thursday, a government spokesman said.
Delta, pilots reach tentative deal SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Delta Air Lines and its pilots reached a tentative contract agreement late Wednesday, according to the pilots union, potentially allowing the struggling carrier to avoid declaring bankruptcy.
Revenue growth of 8 stronger than expected NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Boeing Co. #39;s third-quarter earnings rose 78 percent on higher sales of communications equipment to the US military and better commercial aircraft profits.
Fonterra proposal is  quot;bird in the hand quot; Fonterra is aiming for a significant share of the Australian dairy foods market, with a bid for one of Australia #39;s largest operators.
Saturn mission beams back first images of Titan Cassini-Huygens, a joint US-European mission to Saturn, has had its closest encounter yet with Titan, one of Saturn #39;s moons. It flew to within 745 miles and beamed back the first images of the only moon in the solar system with an atmosphere.
Apple iPod Photo and U2 Partnership At a press conference this week, Apple Computer Inc. introduced the new iPod Photo digital music player. Besides playing digital music, the iPod Photo lets users view and share photos.
Sony announces dates and prices for new gaming devices Sony Computer Entertainment #39;s (SCE) next generation handheld gaming device will go on sale in Japan on 12 December for RRP 19,800 (\$250).
Earth #39;s Shadow Completely Covers The Moon JONESBORO--  quot;Well tonight the moon will be on the other side, and this would be a full moon normally because the moon is up here, above the plane between the earth and the sun, or below it.
Eleven Fans Arrested after Chelsea-West Ham Game Eleven fans were arrested after clashing with police at the Carling Cup soccer match between Chelsea and West Ham. Police in riot gear were confronted by the visiting West Ham supporters 
Relatives Seek Bodies of Thai Muslim Demonstrators Weeping family members crowded outside a Thai military camp Wednesday, demanding information about 78 Muslim men who were crushed to death Monday after being arrested and forced onto army trucks.
Iranian Leader Rules Out Halt in Uranium Enrichment Iran's supreme leader threatened Wednesday to pull out of negotiations if European countries press their demand for total suspension of uranium enrichment, as a new round of talks ended without an agreement to avert the possible threat of U.N. sanctions.
Brazil Makes Arrests After Kroll Raids Police raided the Brazilian offices of international security consultant Kroll Inc. and arrested five employees Wednesday in an investigation into allegations of illegal spying by Kroll during the company's probe of a nasty corporate dispute.
European Shipbuilders Mull Mergers (AP) AP - European defense companies know they must unite to keep up, as the gap in military spending between the United States and its NATO allies continues to widen. But a push to consolidate Europe's fragmented shipbuilding sector  #151; a minefield of national, corporate and labor sensitivities  #151; is proving slow and difficult.
Baseball-Red Sox Lift Championship, Bury Curse  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - The Boston Red Sox lifted the World  Series title and buried a curse Wednesday beating the St. Louis  Cardinals 3-0 to claim their first championship since 1918.
NBA Game Summary - Miami At Denver Denver, CO -- Carmelo Anthony scored 28 points and Earl Boykins added 16 off the bench to lead the Denver Nuggets over the Miami Heat, 104-95, at the Pepsi Center.
U.S. Air Strike on Iraq's Falluja Kills Two (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. warplanes attacked the\rebel-held city of Falluja overnight, killing two people, a\witness said.
Ga. Tech #39;s defense buzzing again after wins To hear Georgia Tech defense end Eric Henderson, it was just a matter of time before the Yellow Jackets defense became as stingy as it has been the last two games.
Study Shows Stability Systems Cut Crash Risk Vehicles with sensors that can, for example, automatically apply brakes are 41 percent less likely to get into single-vehicle crashes, which account for 60 percent of all fatal crashes, according to government statistics.
Talks Between D.C. Hotels, Union Still in Deadlock Starting Nov. 1, if there is no new contract, unionized workers will have to bear the cost of the increase in their health insurance premiums.
Washington Contractors' Sales Increase The companies provide federal agencies with network integration and payroll accounting technologies, and are the beneficiaries of a government that is trying to bolster its defenses against terrorism, experts say.
Red Sox Erase Curse With First World Series Title Since 1918 The Boston Red Sox won their first World Series title in 86 years, completing a four-game sweep of the St. Louis Cardinals with a 3-0 victory at Busch Stadium.
Kezman is mobbed after scoring. (Getty Images) Chelsea assistant boss Steve Clarke confirmed that Mateja Kezman was hit by a missile from the crowd as football was shamed for the second time in 24 hours.
Gary Megson is disappointed being dismissed so fast English Premiership strugglers West Brom are understood to have approached former Newcastle manager Sir Bobby Robson as they seek a replacement for Gary Megson.
Penalty call lifts United to key win over Arsenal In fact, when referee Mike Riley gave a penalty kick to United in the 73rd minute, he was clearly sold on a Wayne Rooney dive after a confrontation with Arsenal defender Sol Campbell.
Slow and steady ruins the race Or did the Australians really bowl that well on a strip that was supposed to be best for batting on days two and three? Or maybe it was the Indian batsmen who dug a huge hole and buried themselves in it.
Indonesia #39;s Bashir retrial gets underway Indonesia #39;s prominent Muslim preacher Abu Bakr Bashir has been put on trial again, charged once more over the Marriot hotel attack in 2003 and the Bali bombing in 2002.
Japan Unable to Contact Kidnappers to Negotiate, Koizumi Says Japan has made little progress contacting the kidnappers of one of its citizens or determining where the man is being held, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said.
Web TV Tries to Seize New Territory Contenders are trying novel twists on sending video over the global computer network in an effort to exploit the increasing number of in-home high-speed Internet links. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Professor Deconstructs  Dot-Com Bombs David A. Kirsch and a rotating staff of loyal students have created a digital database that lists more than 2,300 companies, archives that may someday prove useful in capturing the craziness of the Internet boom. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Nanotech Group Beset by Defections The field, expected to become a trillion-dollar industry by 2012, promises a host of technological and medical advances while also stirring fears because some of the products appear to be toxic and many are not regulated.
Mysterious Moonscape Seen on Saturn's Titan Cassini is flying to within 745 miles of Titan's surface and beaming back hundreds of images in a scouting trip that will lead to the Christmas Eve release of a probe for a parachute drop into Titan's atmosphere.
Oil prices fall after US report Oil prices continued to fall on Thursday after an unexpectedly large increase in crude stocks in the US. A barrel of US light crude was down 96 cents to \$51.
Update 8: Delta Reaches Tentative Pact on Pilot Deal Delta Air Lines Inc. took a giant step away from bankruptcy with a tentative agreement on contract concessions from its pilots. But details on the proposal reached Wednesday were withheld while it was reviewed 
Check 21 brings quick clearance to written drafts known simply as Check 21 -oes into effect today and is expected to cut down the amount of time it takes for checks to clear the bank.
Update 3: DreamWorks Animation Seeks Splashy Debut DreamWorks Animation Inc., riding on a wave of recent hit films including  quot;Shrek 2 quot; and  quot;Shark Tales quot; was looking for friendly waters on Wall Street Thursday with its highly anticipated initial public offering.
BAY AREA Skywatchers awed by total lunar eclipse Just four days shy of Halloween, the moon got festive Wednesday night and turned from corpse white to pumpkin orange and then blood red during a total lunar eclipse visible from every continent on the planet, except Australia.
Sender-ID Back from the Dead With the closure of IETF #39;s MARID group a month ago, many of us have left Microsoft #39;s Sender-ID standard for the dead. After being rejected by the Apache Foundation and the Debian Project over licensing issues 
New MySQL Good To Go The latest point release of MySQL database is now good to go, the company said Wednesday. MySQL 4.1, available in both open-source and commercial versions, promises more enterprise-worthy features and faster 
Chelsea #39;s Kezman struck by missile Chelsea striker Mateja Kezman was cut by a missile thrown from the crowd after scoring in last night #39;s 3-0 Carling Cup victory over West Ham.
Bonds #39; 700th home run ball: It #39;s going, going, gone for \$804,129 It was no ordinary baseball, but the baseball that Barry Bonds hit over the left-field fence last month at SBC Park in San Francisco for his 700th career homer and promptly was put on the online auction block.
Australia Dismisses India for 185, Leads By 213 in Third Test Australia bowled out India for 185 to take a 213-run lead on day three of the third cricket Test at Nagpur, edging the top-ranked team closer to a first series win in India for 35 years.
Iran to respond over nuclear freeze LONDON, Oct 27 (IranMania) - Iran was to respond today to Europe #39;s offer for the Islamic Republic to avoid possible UN sanctions and receive nuclear technology by indefinitely suspending uranium enrichment, but there was little hope of a breakthrough 
Discrepancy Found in Explosives Amounts: ABC News (Reuters) Reuters - The amount of conventional\explosives missing from an Iraqi storage facility may be\substantially less than the 377 tons reported by Iraqi\officials, ABC News reported late on Wednesday, citing\documents obtained by the network.
Ten reported dead in Russian mine blast (AFP) AFP - Ten miners died and about 20 were injured after a gas explosion ripped through a pit in central Siberia trapping dozens of miners, the Interfax news agency reported citing a spokesman for the local government.
Opec begs US help to calm oil market Opec, the oil producers #39; cartel, has taken the surprise step of urging the US to release stocks held in emergency reserves to calm the frantic crude market.
Australia #39;s National Foods rejects Fonterra bid SYDNEY: Australian milk producer National Foods Ltd said today its board has unanimously rejected as too low a \$A1.62 billion (\$NZ1.
Baseball ball sells for \$1m THE baseball that Barry Bonds hit for his 700th career home run brought a top bid of \$US804,129 (\$1.08 million) today after a 10-day online auction.
3 killed in Fallujah attack United States forces attacked a house in Fallujah leaving three people dead early on Thursday. The target was a suspected safe house for Jordanian-born militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
Summary: Uncertainty Over Iraqi Explosives (AP) AP - THE DISAPPEARENCE: The 377 tons of high explosives were taken from the Al-Qaqaa military facility after March 9, when the IAEA sealed the bunker.
UK house prices 'fell in October' UK house prices fall by 0.4 in October, the Nationwide building society says, the biggest decline since February 2001.
Powell clarifies no change in US cross-strait policy after protests (AFP) AFP - Secretary of State Colin Powell clarified that US policy on China and Taiwan has not changed, in an apparent bid to assuage Taipei's concerns over remarks he made in a visit to Beijing.
Kerry, Bush scramble for votes (AFP) AFP - With only five days left before the election, Democrat John Kerry tried to fire up voters in the hope a higher turnout will give him the keys to the White House, as President George W. Bush insisted his challenger lacks the mettle of a commander in chief.
Nitties shows the right mettle THE PGA Championship was only James Nitties #39; fourth start as a professional, but the 22-year-old signalled he has a big future with his second place finish at Coolum yesterday.
DreamWorks flotation makes \$812m DreamWorks, which created box office smash Shrek, raises \$812m from its flotation on the New York Stock Exchange.
Bonds not as dumb as he appears In the long, winding tale of Barry Bonds and steroids, we have reached the part where Bonds plays dumb. According to the San Francisco Chronicle, he effectively told a grand jury a year ago that he used steroids 
Creative Technology reports sharp drop in quarterly net profit (AFP) AFP - Singapore consumer electronics maker Creative Technology net profit in the September quarter fell 83.5 percent to 4.8 million US dollars, with last year's huge one-time gains magnifying the decline.
Energy Costs Crimp Economy Federal Reserve survey shows uncertainties over energy prices, global terrorism and the presidential election among reasons businesses continue to hold back on hiring, investment.
Japanese peace envoy in Sri Lanka Japan's special envoy to Sri Lanka arrives in Colombo for talks on resuming the stalled peace process.
Singh Gears Up to Finish With 10 Wins (AP) AP - Vijay Singh does not recall the PGA Tour being this strong, with a record five rookies winning this year. One of them, Ryan Palmer, held off the No. 1 player in the world last week at Disney.
Oil prices fall to \$51.97 Singapore: Oil prices continued falling from record peaks in Asian trade Thursday after the United States reported a surge in crude oil inventories, dealers said.
SEC #39;s hedge fund debate intense Nearly two years to the day after the most contentious hearing in memory, a divided Securities and Exchange Commission clashed Tuesday over a new rule requiring hedge funds to register with the SEC.
Australia #39;s WMC rejects Xstrata bid Australian nickel and copper miner WMC Resources has rejected aA\$7.4 billion (3 billion pounds) takeover bid from Swiss-based Xstrata, but has left the door open for a higher offer.
Bush campaign site inaccessible abroad LONDON -- President Bushs campaign Web site was inaccessible to surfers outside the United States and Canada following a series of outages last week that may have been electronic attacks.
Red sky at night a lunar delight GREENBELT, MD. - Star gazers across North America watched the moon turn orange Wednesday night in a total lunar eclipse.  quot;When it passes into the Earth #39;s inner shadow, that sunlight reaching the moon passes 
Sandisk releases flasher flash cards A CALIFORNIAN vendor of flash cards SanDisk has released new memory cards that they say will make a big splash in consumer gizmos like digital cameras and cell phones.
UPDATE 1-Five-wicket Gillespie puts Australia in control Jason Gillespie captured five wickets as Australia bowled India out for a paltry 185 to take a commanding 213-run lead on the third day of the third test on Thursday.
Brazilian championship matches stopped for minute of silence after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Brazilian championship matches were stopped for a minute #39;s silence Wednesday in response to news that Sao Caetano defender Serginho died after collapsing on the field at Morumbi Stadium.
Mets: Interviews continue for Minaya General manager Omar Minaya interviewed Jim Riggleman for the Mets #39; vacant managerial spot yesterday, and minor-league manager and former Mets second baseman Wally Backman will be interviewed today.
Sharon #39;s bold move in Gaza Tuesday #39;s vote in the Israeli Knesset in favor of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan for unilateral withdrawal of settlers and soldiers from Gaza was a historic moment in the history of Israel.
Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Summoned  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat is in a very serious condition but was able to take part  in Muslim morning prayers on Thursday, officials said, as a  team of foreign doctors rushed to his headquarters.
49ers' First-Round Picks All Struggling (AP) AP - The San Francisco 49ers insist their salvation will arrive through the draft. They hope years of bad contracts, unlucky injuries and salary-cap woes can be erased through solid choices in April.
Brussels crisis to cloud EU constitution ceremony (AFP) AFP - Europe's leaders gather in Rome on Friday to sign a historic constitution for the European Union (EU), but a crisis over the bloc's new executive Commission will only add to clouds over the ceremony.
North Texas Backup Nation's Leading Rusher (AP) AP - North Texas freshman Jamario Thomas is the nation's leading rusher thanks to speed, strength and vision.
Japan in Dark as Iraq Hostage Deadline Nears  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan sought international and Iraqi help  for a Japanese man held hostage in Iraq on Thursday, less than  24 hours before a deadline set by his captors to behead him  unless Japan withdraws its troops.
Titan Photos Mystifying Scientists Scientists are delighted, fascinated and thoroughly perplexed by the Cassini spacecraft's first close-up pictures of Titan, the smoggy giant moon of Saturn.
A New Rule of Cursor Control: Just Follow Your Nose Researchers are working on the nose-mouse, and other unorthodox ways of moving a cursor.
Military Buoys Profit at Defense Firms Robust demand for military equipment and technology led four US defense companies to post higher quarterly profit on Wednesday, with jet maker Boeing Co.
Telefonica rejects 2 bln euro bid for TV show unit: rpt LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spanish telecom Telefonica (TEF) has rejected a bid of 2 billion euros for its Endemol television production company that produces the hit Big Brother show, The Times of London said Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
Red Sox sweep Cardinas to win first crown since 1918 The Boston Red Sox ended 86 years of futility and won their first crown of the World Series since 1918 on Wednesday when they defeated the St.
Khan hits back for India Paceman Zaheer Khan has hit back for India, taking the key wicket of Australia #39;s prolific opener Matthew Hayden two overs after lunch on day three of the third Test in Nagpur.
NASCAR glance 1. KURT BUSCH. He has posted 12 straight top-15 finishes, including six straight top-10 finishes. He is coming off a fifth-place finish at Martinsville, Va.
Sao Caetano player collapses and dies during Brazilian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 30-year-old player likely suffered cardiac arrest, doctor Marco Aurelio Cunha said. The official cause of death was not immediately released.
Brown Packs Pint-Sized Wallop for Georgia (AP) AP - Thomas Brown heard the doubters long before he arrived in Athens. In fact, some of the cynics were in his hometown.
Romania-Centered Quake Rattled Turkey, Moldova, Ukraine The earthquake, which hit Romania and rattled Bulgaria late on Wednesday, has also been felt across portions of Turkey, Moldova and Ukraine, Turkey #39;s private NTV television reported.
U.S. Elections Has Seized Global Attention (AP) AP - It can be considered undiplomatic, and none of them actually gets to vote. But some foreign leaders and political figures haven't been able to resist the question: Bush or Kerry for U.S. president?
Delta  #39;reaches cost-cutting deal #39; Troubled US carrier Delta Air Lines has reached an outline cost cutting agreement with its pilots, a deal that could save it from bankruptcy.
Boeing and Northrop Say Profits Jumped in Quarter Robust demand for military equipment and technology led two arms makers to post higher quarterly profit yesterday, with Boeing reporting a 78 percent jump in earnings despite a decline in commercial airplane revenue.
Google buys satellite image firm Keyhole Search giant Google said Wednesday that it has acquired Keyhole, a company specializing in Web-based software that allows people to view satellite images from around the globe.
2003 champ is Classic favorite GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas  In a field with a Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner, two horses that have gone undefeated this year, a former Horse of the Year and a Belmont Stakes and Travers champion 
House Redistricting Schemes Not Perfect (AP) AP - State lawmakers who reconfigured congressional maps to benefit one party over another have drawn themselves into a corner in some House districts.
No More '1918' Taunts for Lowe to Hear (AP) AP - Derek Lowe stood in the boisterous Boston clubhouse, a bottle of champagne in one hand, a cigar in the other.
Small Blast Rocks Mayor's Office in France (AP) AP - An explosion rocked the mayor's office in the southwestern French city of Bordeaux early Thursday. No one was injured.
Annan Urged to Report Sudan Deaths Daily (AP) AP - Leaders representing over 100 million Christians, Muslims and Jews urged Secretary-General Kofi Annan to report the number of deaths and rapes in Sudan's Darfur region daily to highlight what they say is genocide.
Mandrakesoft Ships Upgrade of Linux OS (TechWeb) TechWeb - Mandrakesoft releases the latest version of its Linux operating system.
Disaster Toll Tripled in 2003 Amid Quakes, Heatwave (Reuters) Reuters - Natural disasters killed 76,806 people\in 2003, three times the number of victims in 2002, a rise due\in part to extremes in the global climate, the world's largest\humanitarian body said on Thursday.
UPDATE 1-Delta Air #39;s pilots reach tentative agreement Delta Air Lines #39; (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) pilots union said late Wednesday it had reached a tentative agreement with the airline on cost savings.
Oil prices fall nearly 5 to below \$53 a barrel Oil futures prices sank nearly 5 percent yesterday, dropping below \$53 a barrel, as concerns about tight winter-fuel supplies eased, at least temporarily, and traders 
Strong defense unit buoys Boeing #39;s profit Propelled by another potent performance from its defense unit, Boeing announced third-quarter results yesterday that surpassed investors #39; expectations as profits climbed 78 percent from a year ago.
US  #39;big-ticket #39; orders rise WASHINGTON - Orders for  quot;big-ticket quot; durable goods crept up by a smaller-than-expected margin in September, hit by a sharp descent in demand for planes, government figures showed.
Study: Stability control systems can reduce fatal accidents WASHINGTON A study finds vehicles equipped with stability control systems are less likely to be involved in fatal crashes. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety says the systems, which automatically apply 
THEY CUT ME OUT Hollywood dealmaker Michael Ovitz spun his own drama of his ouster from Walt Disney - he was knifed in the back, carved  quot;out like a cancer quot; and pushed from a headquarters window.
Stocks surge on news about oil prices Stocks rose sharply yesterday, extending their rally for a second session as investors expressed relief over plummeting oil prices following a government report that showed a buildup in crude inventories.
Audits of CRA call for reforms Capping a series of stinging audits of the Los Angeles city agency charged with revitalizing troubled neighborhoods, City Controller Laura Chick said Wednesday that she has turned 
UPDATE 5-STATS swings to Q3 net loss, sees losses in 2005 STATS ChipPAC Ltd., the third-largest chip packaging firm, swung to a quarterly net loss and said it might remain in the red into 2005 
Concern grows over ailing Arafat Medics, aides and family rush to the West Bank as fears grow for Yasser Arafat's health.
Cassini spacecraft images of Saturn #39;s moon befuddling After staying up much of the night analyzing the first close-up images of Titan #39;s smog-shrouded surface, groggy scientists acknowledged yesterday that they were befuddled 
Microsoft offers insurance Linux can #39;t, Ballmer says An e-mail Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer sent to customers around the world yesterday highlighted a new thrust in Microsoft #39;s campaign against Linux.
MIKE WENDLAND: It #39;s an uphill battle to topple Google which now searches for books, news, images and products as well as Web sites -- its subtle little AdSense text ads are ubiquitous on the Net.
Disaster Toll Tripled in 2003 Amid Quakes, Heatwave Natural disasters killed 76,806 people in 2003, three times the number of victims in 2002, a rise due in part to extremes in the global climate, the world #39;s largest humanitarian body said on Thursday.
UMC: 2005 capex focused on 12-inch capacity ramp United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) yesterday stated that its capital expenditure in 2005 will see a focus on ramping capacity at its 12-inch-wafer fabs in Tainan, Taiwan, and Singapore.
EU boss considers several changes The embattled new EU Commission chief tells the BBC he might make several changes to his team.
FA probes Stamford Bridge trouble The FA is to take action after trouble marred Wednesday #39;s Carling Cup tie between West Ham and Chelsea. Police in riot gear were confronted by a section of the West Ham support after the match which the Blues won 1-0.
FOOTBALL: DONS PUT BHOYS IN A STEW ABERDEEN boosted their reputation and brought the championship race alive with a dramatic win at Celtic Park last night. Substitute John Stewart pounced in injury time after poor defending to give Aberdeen 
WENGER GUNNING FOR MORE GLORY Arsene Wenger has pledged to remain Arsenal manager as long as he is able to continue the work he is doing now. Wenger has signed a three-year extension to his current deal that will keep him with the London outfit until 2008.
Baseball: Bonds 700th homer ball nets 804,000 dollars SAN FRANCISCO, United States : Barry Bonds historic 700th home run ball fetched 804,129 US dollars in an online auction which concluded on Wednesday, the auction organizers announced.
Potent arsenal Fred Robbins spent four years as Daunte Culpepper #39;s teammate, and since quarterbacks always are off limits in practice, he never has had a chance to hit him.
PGA numbers game Rod Pampling has never been to the Tour Championship. Justin Leonard has never missed one. Jim Furyk has one last chance to extend his streak to seven years with at least one PGA Tour victory.
Health of Arafat said to deteriorate The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat deteriorated yesterday, and Palestinian doctors were rushed to his Ramallah compound in the 
Buried toddler survives A two-year-old boy was rescued yesterday after surviving four days buried in a landslide from the powerful quake that ravaged northern Japan over the weekend.
PLEASE DON #39;T BRING THE TROOPS TO BAGHDAD ..PLEASE RELEASE THE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOSTAGE Margaret Hassan was last night shown on a new video pleading for British troops not to be sent to Baghdad. As the Black Watch headed towards the  quot;triangle of death quot; outside the Iraqi 
Russia ratifies Kyoto Protocol MOSCOW - The Kyoto Protocol overcame its final legislative hurdle in Russia when the upper house of parliament ratified the global climate pact Wednesday and sent it on to President Vladimir Putin for his signature -etting the stage for the treaty 
Police defies court and deports S.African unionists Zimbabwean police expelled a South African trade union team early yesterday in defiance of a court order allowing them to stay until the afternoon, union officials said.
Despite uncertainty, taxpayers should Politics has made year-end tax planning problematic. Although tax policy is fixed for 2004, it #39;s been difficult to strategize into the future without knowing who the president would be through 2008.
A Leap at Freedom for Afghan Wives Three years after the fall of the Taliban, women remain subject to many legal, religious and cultural restrictions and domestic violence is endemic.
Brazilian Police Raid Kroll, Make Arrests Police raided the Brazilian offices of international security consultant Kroll Inc., seizing evidence and arresting five employees amid allegations Kroll illegally spied in a probe of a bitter corporate dispute.
Band Aid single poised for No 1 The new Band Aid version of  Do They Know It's Christmas? looks set to go straight to the top of the UK singles chart.
Love must stand trial for assault Courtney Love must stand trial for assault for assault after a court hears testimony from her alleged victim.
A wake-up call Dr. David Andorsky, a resident at Brigham and Women's Hospital, woke up from a two-hour nap in the on-call room at 6:30 a.m. last Tuesday. Andorsky had been on duty since 7 a.m. the previous day and still had a few hours to go caring for patients in the intensive care unit.
Marsh Mac's \$845m hole Talk about a tough sales call. Marsh  amp; McLennan Co.'s top managers, led by new chief executive Michael Cherkasky, took their corporate rehabilitation story to Wall Street yesterday in a conference call with stock analysts. The gist of the plans had been publicly revealed the day before.
Novartis to share diabetes research Swiss drug giant Novartis SA said yesterday it is spending \$4 million to fund scientists performing diabetes research at Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the Broad Institute, and will make the findings public for other scientists to use.
Stocks rally, end above 10,000 Stocks rose sharply yesterday, extending their rally for a second session as investors expressed relief over plummeting oil prices following a government report that showed an increase in crude inventories. The Dow Jones industrial average had its second straight triple-digit gain, pushing back above the 10,000 mark.
Hurricanes fail to dampen economy The US economy continued to grow in the early fall despite being buffeted by rising energy costs and hurricanes, the Federal Reserve said yesterday, providing its last snapshot of business conditions before Election Day.
Oil prices fall nearly 5 to below \$53 a barrel Oil futures prices sank nearly 5 percent yesterday, dropping below \$53 a barrel, as concerns about tight winter-fuel supplies eased, at least temporarily, and traders turned their attention to rising US inventories of crude.
Delta, pilots union agree to concessions package Delta Air Lines' pilots union said last night it had reached a tentative pact on concessions that could save the struggling carrier from bankruptcy.
Software firm to expand, add jobs The MathWorks, a Natick software firm, plans to expand its Route 9 location and add hundreds of jobs in the coming years following a deal with state and local officials granting the company a tax break.
High-tech CEO is bullish on region's economic future Last month , IntelliCorp, a software company with offices in the United Kingdom and Silicon Valley, celebrated the opening of its new East Coast office in Westborough. The expansion was welcomed by officials in the administration of Governor Romney, who have trumpeted state government's role in attracting high-tech companies. Massachusetts seems like a logical base for IntelliCorp's East Coast operations ...
Voters OK tax break for technology park Town Meeting on Monday decided that Maynard has more to gain than to lose by granting a tax break for a vacant technology park.
Two tech firms grow by acquisitions Two local corporations, Zoll Medical Corp. of Chelmsford and Viisage Technology Inc. of Billerica, recently acquired companies in an effort to gain further market share in their respective industries.
Rise in oil stocks drives prices down Singapore - Crude oil futures slid further on Thursday, as concerns over heating oil supplies ahead of a cold Northern Hemisphere winter eased because of a rise in US crude stocks.
Royal Dutch/Shell merges companies Royal Dutch/Shell will merge its Dutch and British holding companies, the oil giant said on Thursday, as it seeks to address the failings that led to a shock downgrade in proven oil reserves in January.
Elan Corp. Reports Widening 3Q Loss Elan Corp. PLC, Ireland #39;s largest pharmaceutical firm, reported widening third-quarter losses Thursday but predicted a return to profit in 2006.
Quarter of Bulgarians Ignorant of Internet-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Over three quarters of Bulgarians have\never used the Internet, and 23 percent do not know what the\word means, a survey published in daily newspaper Sega said on\Thursday. Citing data from polling agency Alpha Research, Sega\said 77 percent of the EU candidate country's eight million\people had never been on line.
UMC posts 160 surge in earnings TAIPEI United Microelectronics Corp., the world #39;s second-largest supplier of made-to-order semiconductors, said on Wednesday that its third-quarter profit rose 160 percent from a year earlier.
Kezman nearly blinded by thugs Chelsea star Mateja Kezman was almost blinded when a coin was thrown at him as another London football match was plunged into violence.
Haywood suspended 3 games Brendan Haywood of the Wizards was suspended for three games by the league for fighting during a preseason game against the Bulls.
MINNESOTA SPLATS Each week it #39;s about numbers. Numbers, numbers, numbers. Look at the opponent, analyze the numbers. This week is no different, but perhaps it should be.
Yasser Arafat  #39;very sick #39; RAMALLAH: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is  quot;very, very sick quot; and the ex-guerrilla who for decades symbolised a struggle for statehood is slipping in and out of consciousness, officials and medics said today.
Report: Iraqs Ramadi province near chaos NEW YORK - The US military and the interim government of Iraq are rapidly losing control of Ramadi, a provincial capital in Iraq located near sister city Fallujah, the New York Times reported on Thursday.
Russia #39;s Parliament ratifies Kyoto MOSCOW - Russia #39;s upper house of Parliament on Wednesday ratified the Kyoto Protocol, sending it to President Vladimir Putin for the final stamp of approval.
New Bush administration may tilt in Beijing #39;s favor US President George W. Bush, if he wins re-election in the Nov. 2 poll, is likely to tilt greatly in favor of Beijing over the issue of Taiwan.
In Slovakia, the Roma stir change KOSICE, Slovakia -- When Ivan Hriczko strode casually into the Twelve Apostles, a fashionable restaurant in this steel city, diners idled their forks and turned their heads.
With its cellphones, 3d World shrinking IQUITOS, Peru -- A few miles downriver from this city in the western Amazon jungle, Andres Alvarado hops off a boat and walks up a muddy path to a hollowed-out log resting on a wooden stand. He beats the log with a stick, sending a series of low-pitched tones into the rain forest.
Advice, facts a call away in Vietnam HANOI -- What's the best way to sue my neighbor? How big is Ho Chi Minh's mausoleum? Is surgery necessary to remove a bunion? Am I pregnant?
EU's Barroso pulls commission STRASBOURG, France -- The president-elect of the European Commission withdrew his proposed EU executive team yesterday to avoid an unprecedented European Parliament defeat, plunging the 25-nation bloc into political turmoil.
Health of Arafat said to deteriorate JERUSALEM -- The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat deteriorated yesterday, and Palestinian doctors were rushed to his Ramallah compound in the West Bank to treat what has so far been diagnosed as a stomach disorder, according to senior Palestinian officials.
On island, scientists unearth modern humans' tiny cousin Scientists have unearthed a new species of hobbit-sized humans that may have lived as recently as 12,000 years ago, sharing the earth alongside modern-day man.
Japan urges Iraq hostage's release TOKYO -- Japan scrambled yesterday to win the release of a 24-year-old Japanese man taken hostage by Islamic militants in Iraq, dispatching high-level diplomats to the Middle East and launching an appeal for his freedom on Arabic television.
British troops in Iraq begin redeployment BAGHDAD -- British troops and armory rolled north from Basra yesterday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up US troops for an expected attack on the rebel-held city of Fallujah.
Gunmen kill Iraqis working for US Insurgents kill 21 Iraqis, mostly civilians working for the US military, in separate attacks across the country.
YES!!!  ST. LOUIS -- They did it for the old folks in Presque Isle, Maine, and White River Junction, Vt. They did it for the baby boomers in North Conway, N.H., and Groton, Mass. They did it for the kids in Central Falls, R.I., and Putnam, Conn.
ON TOP OF THE WORLD They did it for the old folks in Presque Isle, Maine, and White River Junction, Vt. They did it for the baby boomers in North Conway, N.H., and Groton, Mass. They did it for the kids in Central Falls, R.I., and Putnam, Conn.
From foremost to footnote They came into the World Series riding a wave of superlatives -- the best record in baseball during the regular season, anchored by a lineup with three MVP candidates, all capable of turning around a game in a heartbeat, unbeaten at home in the postseason.
Global attraction All over the world, legions of otherwise productive and healthy people found themselves unable to sleep for almost two weeks. Some have been staying up in loud bars until the wee hours of the morning; parents are waking up children before dawn to engage in strange, nocturnal rituals that involve howling and dancing in the living room. Neighbors ...
Schilling checks in with some heaters He wasn't  quot;Curt on the car phone quot; yesterday. He was  quot;Curt in the hotel room, quot; taking part in an online chat with the Boston Dirt Dogs and calling WEEI to chat on  quot;The Big Show quot; before last night's Game 4.
Heart of order had no pulse The Cardinals' trio of MVP candidates -- affectionately called MV3 -- is the heart, if not the soul, of the team's batting order. Officially, first baseman Albert Pujols , third baseman Scott Rolen , and center fielder Jim Edmonds combined to produce 122 home runs and 358 RBIs during the regular season. Unofficially they may go down ...
Big brother was Brett's inspiration They are young and strong and vibrant, their hair blowing in the wind, their smiles incandescent, their eyes awash with confidence in their own specialness. We call them larger than life. We call them immortal.
The possible dream Hail the lovable idiots. Bless the baseball gods. Raise a cup to the good souls in Red Sox lore -- from Ted Williams and Joe Cronin to Gary Waslewski and Pumpsie Green -- who chased but never captured the game's greatest prize.
Nixon's gamers end frustration An uncorked champagne bottle in his right hand, held hip-high as if he were waiting to slip it into a toolbelt, Trot Nixon repeatedly slipped back to his first days in a Red Sox uniform.
For Epstein, actions speak just as loud as words His torment lasted only 30 years, much less than most Red Sox fans', but unlike most, Theo Epstein actually did something about it.
Now the tears are of joy In a matter of 11 days, they turned the baseball world upside down. The Boston Red Sox, a franchise that had cornered the market on hardball heartache, that had shed too many tears and endured too many disappointments, vowed this time to alter history.
End of Series will bring a lot of questions Now what? Was winning the World Series truly the last hurrah for franchise players Pedro Martinez and Jason Varitek and more than a dozen teammates, including Derek Lowe and Orlando Cabrera , who are eligible for free agency?
Again, the winners were happy followers of Damon It would be the grandest finish to any of the 104 seasons of Boston Red Sox baseball, and Johnny Damon had a most electric way to start it off last night -- a rope into the Cardinals' bullpen on the game's fourth pitch from Jason Marquis.
Time to say thanks for job well done The manager is an afterthought, buried under the avalanche of publicity generated by his courageous, gimpy pitcher; his charming, devastating designated hitter; his forthright, charismatic, long-haired center fielder. Every day this march to the World Series has produced a new story or a new hero. There's Manny Ramirez, finally hitting a home run. There's Pedro Martinez, spinning ...
Punter Miller a return man this week For a guy about to play his former team for the first time since being let go during the offseason after eight years of quality service, Josh Miller shows no signs of reticence or resentment.
Rehabbing receivers are catching up Wide receiver Troy Brown , who injured his right shoulder Oct. 3 against Buffalo, practiced yesterday in a red (no contact) jersey, and is still listed as questionable for Sunday's game in Pittsburgh.
Broken thumb sidelines Payton Results of X-rays on Gary Payton's right hand revealed a non-displaced fracture in the point guard's right thumb. Payton did not play last night against the Pistons and had the top of his thumb bandaged, but the Celtics expect him to play in the season opener against the Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday night at the FleetCenter. It could be his first ...
College football game on TV VIRGINIA TECH (5-2) vs. GEORGIA TECH (4-2) When and where: Tonight, 7:30, at Atlanta. TV: ESPN. Last meeting: Georgia Tech won, 6-3, in 1990. AP ranking: Virginia Tech is No. 22. At a glance: The Hokies will try to win their fourth straight game and second consecutive Atlantic Coast Conference contest when they take on the Yellow Jackets. Georgia Tech ...
Gold Helmet winners Anthony Vita, Brown In his first career start, the sophomore quarterback passed for 219 yards and three touchdowns, two in the fourth quarter, in a come-from-behind 21-17 victory over Cornell. Vita completed touchdown passes of 19, 11, and 24 yards.
Smith still feels sting Boston College junior forward Craig Smith , who slimmed down to a svelte 255 pounds during the offseason, yesterday earned preseason All-Big East first-team honors. Smith, who averaged 16.9 points and 8.3 rebounds last season, said he was driven in part by the nightmarish memory of his subpar performance in Boston College's 57-54 loss to Georgia Tech ...
They've hit a rough patch Two young talents. Two dreams on hold. Jim Salinetti and Justin Peters were dominant players on the local golf scene not long ago, Massachusetts Golf Association Players of the Year in 1997 (Salinetti), 1998 (Peters), and 1999-2000 (Salinetti). Collegiate standouts at the University of Rhode Island (Salinetti) and the University of Nevada-Reno (Peters), they chose to pursue professional golf, knowing ...
Madison Park snags a deadlock with Jets The Madison Park boys' soccer team had one goal in mind yesterday: spoiling No. 14 East Boston's perfect record of 14-0. It couldn't hand East Boston a loss, but earned a 2-2 tie.
Boeing earnings jump 78 Strong performances across the Boeing Co. quot;s defense systems businesses including the C-17 and X-45 programs based in Long Beach and future combat systems in Huntington Beach helped boost third 
Red Sox Fans Exult at End of World Series 'Curse' (Reuters) Reuters - Tens of thousands of stunned, giddy Red\Sox fans stumbled through the streets of New England on\Thursday morning to celebrate something many thought\impossible: a World Series victory for baseball's perennial\also-rans that put an end to an 86-year-old curse.
Russia postpones launch of new space booster MOSCOW - Russias military has postponed the launch of a new-generation space booster rocket scheduled for this week, the defence ministry said on Thursday.
Arsenal Football Club and Manchester United Football Club hold &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The top brass at Arsenal Football Club and Manchester United Football Club have met in the wake of Sundays game at Old Trafford.
Ailing Arafat joins Ramadan prayers RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat joined morning prayers for the holy Muslim month of Ramadan on Thursday despite his poor health, Palestinian officials said.
China Plans Renovation of Forbidden City (AP) AP - China plans to tear down a museum to restore the original appearance of its imperial palace in a sweeping renovation of the Forbidden City that will last until 2020, officials said on Thursday.
Cyclocross is making inroads PORTLAND, Ore. -- Roxy Cate has just finished a 45-minute cyclocross race: furiously pedaling through mucky turns and along rain-soaked grassy straightaways, running several times up a nearly vertical hill with her bike slung over her shoulder, and leaping with it over wooden barriers.
Sports Calendar Newton KID AND TEEN FITNESS. Fitness programs are taught by certified professionals at the West Suburban YMCA and are open to kids ages 7-14. Provides a fun environment for kids to increase their overall fitness and learn the basics of exercise. Classes run Monday and Wednesday. For more information, visit the YMCA website at www.YMCAinNewton.org.
NASCAR driver Spencer is fired Morgan McClure Motorsports fired NASCAR driver Jimmy Spencer yesterday. Spencer, who finished 29th in Sunday's Subway 500 at Martinsville (Va.) Speedway, was arrested and accused of interfering with police officers that night as they attempted to serve a warrant on his son. Police went to Spencer's home in Cornelius, N.C. Sunday night to arrest James Jonathan Spencer Jr. ,18, on ...
Zito taking shot at triple crowning Trainer Nick Zito has come to Lone Star Park with Birdstone, an outstanding 3-year-old who has a shot in Saturday's \$4 million Breeders' Cup Classic. It is less known that Zito also brought two good 2-year-olds, a colt, Sun King, and a filly, In The Gold, but they are legitimate contenders in the juvenile divisions.
At odds with oddsmaker Making the morning line is a difficult job, and Lone Star Park oddsmaker Rick Lee did not escape the wrath of trainer D. Wayne Lukas when Lee established the mare Azeri at 15-1 for the Classic during yesterday's post position draw for Saturday's Breeders' Cup. Pleasantly Perfect, the leading candidate to be Horse of the Year, ...
Digital sales honour for OutKast OutKast become the first act to be awarded a multi-platinum award for paid-for music downloads.
Stox #39; surge fueled by dip in oil prices by dip in oil prices. BY TOM VAN RIPER. A plunge in oil prices propelled stocks to big gains yesterday, with the Dow closing above 10,000 for the first time in two weeks.
DreamWorks #39; initial offering pulls in 812M DreamWorks Animation creator of  quot;Shrek quot; and  quot;Shark Tale, quot; raised \$812 million in an initial public offering to fund more moviemaking.
Shell and ICI lead FTSE charge The FTSE 100 has raced higher, led by ICI after it issued an upbeat outlook and Shell as investors welcome its streamlined structure and robust results.
Nortel: Once More, with Filing After having promised to file its revisions by the end of October, Nortel Networks Corp. said it would delay its long-awaited restatement for the second time.
AMD Geode Personal Internet Communicator launched CHIP FIRM AMD said it has introduced its Geode based Personal Internet Communicator (PIC) in a cooperative deal with Indian giant Tata Indicom Broadband.
The Countdown Begins Wednesday was a big day in the countdown to Super Bowl 2006, as the NFL came to Dearborn Wednesday to unveil the official logo for Detroits big event.
Arafat Prays as Israel Prepares for his Death Ailing Yasser Arafat performed Muslim prayers before dawn today, but his condition remains serious and a team of doctors flying in from Arab countries will decide whether he needs to be transferred from his compound to a hospital.
Barroso opts for last minute  #39;face saver #39; An eleventh hour face saving move by the President-Designate of the European Commission Jos Manuel Durao Barroso managed to diffuse an institutional crisis in the European Union yesterday.
French Soldier Threatens to Blow Up Explosives  PARIS (Reuters) - About 400 inhabitants of three villages  in France's eastern region of Marne were evacuated on Sunday  after a soldier threatened to blow up a site storing  explosives.
Car Bomb Hits U.S. Patrol in Iraq; 2 Dead (AP) AP - A car bomb exploded Thursday in southern Baghdad, killing a U.S. soldier and at least one Iraqi civilian, the U.S. military said.
Report: 'Huge Fortune' Spent on Media Influence (Reuters) Reuters - Unions and big\communications companies spent more than  #36;1.1 billion in their\efforts to elect lawmakers and influence the government over\the past half-decade, according to a report released Wednesday.
Kurdish Rebels Ambush Turkish Troops, One Dead  DIYARBAKIR, Turkey (Reuters) - Kurdish guerrillas ambushed  a Turkish military convoy in southeastern Turkey on Wednesday  evening, killing one soldier and injuring another three,  military sources said.
Cursed No More Hordes of Bostonians, who can no longer be described as "long-suffering," celebrate the first World Series title in 86 years.
Simulating Psychosis II: Virtual Unreality Psychologists and neuroscientists have spent several decades producing theoretical models of the mental processes and neural networks that might  be involved in the kaleidoscopic state of psychosis. Largely concerned with simulating the nuts-and-bolts of the mind and brain, these  computer models generate results that tend only to be of interest to researchers and their scientific colleagues. More recently, scientists have decided to harness the power of virtual reality, in an attempt to move beyond the confines of theory, to simulate the experience of psychosis itself.
Hosts Germany to kick off 2006 World Cup Frankfurt - Tournament hosts Germany will kick off the 2006 World Cup finals, Fifa said on Wednesday. Germany will play the opening match on 9 June 2006, in Munich, although Germany coach Jrgen Klinsmann 
Al Qaida suspect goes on trial The Indonesian cleric accused of heading the al Qaida-linked terror group behind the 2002 Bali bombings proclaimed his innocence as he went on trial today, while prosecutors alleged he spurred followers in  quot;the waging of war quot; against America and its allies 
13 killed in Siberian mine explosion At least 13 people were killed and up to 23 injured in an explosion in a Siberian mine. The blast, which was caused by methane, happened as a repair team was fixing a section of the mine near Russia #39;s border with Mongolia.
THE MYTH OF THE  #39;MISSING EXPLOSIVES #39;: A SHAMELESS LIE SHOULD the United Na tions decide who be comes our president? Sen. John Kerry wouldn #39;t mind. He #39;s shamelessly promoting the lies that the UN #39;s International Atomic Energy Agency is telling about Iraq.
Royal Dutch/Shell Reports Earnings Double The Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos. said Thursday third quarter earnings doubled, and it unveiled plans for its two holding companies to merge.
Update 5: Volkswagen, Workers Head Into More Talks Negotiators from Volkswagen and the IG Metall industrial union headed into a fifth round of wage talks Thursday, with the union threatening to launch a flurry of short warning strikes if it doesn #39;t get the job guarantees and wage increases it #39;s demanding.
Cassini flyby gives little news on Titan Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan remained much of a mystery despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft. Pictures taken through the thick, hazy atmosphere as Cassini 
Google vs Yahoo: Battle moves to the mobile While Google SMS uses text-only messages to deliver its results, Yahoo #39;s new mobile service offers localised search results, maps and website icons that let people point, click and make a call.
That Steve Ballmer Linux memo in full BELOW surely bellow, Ed. is the full text of Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s letter to his customers - we #39;re one by the way.
Report lauds locals #39; help in disasters Local communities are often better at dealing with the effects of natural disasters than international aid agencies, a new report says.
AGASSI BACK ON TRACK Top seed Andre Agassi began the quest for his second title of year with a comfortable victory in the first round of the Stockholm Open.
Germany to play the 2006 WC opener match Hosts Germany will open the 2006 World Cup in Munich on June 9, it was confirmed on Wednesday following a FIFA meeting in Zurich. German national coach Jurgen Klinsmann initially 
Royal Dutch/Shell Unifies  LONDON/AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Oil major Royal Dutch/Shell  Group said it was merging its Dutch and British holding  companies as it seeks to address failings that led to a shock  downgrade in proven oil reserves.
Indonesia indicts Ba #39;asyir with Bali, Marriott bombings Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir Thursday was accused of having incited others to carry out last year #39;s Jakarta Marriott Hotel bombing that killed 12 people.
Turkey is the 113rd in RSFs Freedom List RSFs third annual worlwide press freedom index says East Asia and Middle East have worst press freedom records EU members among the first 40; Russia, Caucasus and Central Asia lag behind.
Sudanese governor accuses rebels of rape Khartoum - A top official in Sudan #39;s war-torn Darfur region accused rebels of attacking villages and raping women in what he said was a new violation of a fragile ceasefire, a newspaper reported on Sunday.
Honda profits drop as sales start to sag However, the decline is not as bad as analysts had expected, and the company raises its profit outlook. By Todd Zaun. TOKYO -- The Honda Motor Co.
Nigerian Protection Force Leaves for Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - An elite contingent of 50 Nigerian\soldiers left Nigeria on Thursday for Darfur, the first stage\in the deployment of 3,000 extra African Union (AU) troops to\monitor a shaky cease-fire in the western Sudanese region.
U.S. Bombs Suspected Rebel Site in Iraq (AP) AP - U.S. aircraft bombed a suspected rebel safehouse Thursday in the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, killing two people, the U.S. military and witnesses said.
Heat may have killed Briton found dead in Australian outback: police (AFP) AFP - A British tourist found dead in the Australian outback near its famed Ayers Rock may have died of heat exhaustion and exposure, police said.
Macs under attack ... kind of PETALING JAYA: Sophos Plc is urging Mac OS X administrators to arm themselves against an  quot;anti-security quot; worm known as  quot;Renepo.
Kaneira strikes twice against Sri Lanka Karachi - Leg-spinner Danish Kaneria dismissed Sri Lanka #39;s opening batsmen in the first session on Thursday to give Pakistan an early break in the second cricket Test.
Judge adjourns Ba #39;asyir #39;s trial until Nov. 4 : The trial of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir, the alleged spiritual leader of Southeast Asian terrorist group Jamaah Islamiyah, has been adjourned for a week until Nov. 4, the presiding judge Soedarto said on Thursday.
Moving toward peace in the Middle East With news of politics, war and baseball dominating the headlines, it is easy to overlook events in faraway lands. But people interested in long-term peace in the Middle East should be encouraged by the historic 
IRAQ U.S. Air Strike Kills Two in Iraq's Falluja  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. planes bombed the Iraqi city of  Falluja overnight, killing two people, in a new strike on  rebels digging in for an expected U.S.-led offensive.
Nigerian Protection Force Leaves for Darfur  ABUJA (Reuters) - An elite contingent of 50 Nigerian  soldiers left Nigeria on Thursday for Darfur, the first stage  in the deployment of 3,000 extra African Union (AU) troops to  monitor a shaky cease-fire in the western Sudanese region.
Ivorian paper vendors 'attacked' A Paris-based pressure group condemns the intimidation of newspaper vendors in Ivory Coast.
IRAQ U.S. Air Strike Kills Two in Iraq's Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. planes bombed the Iraqi city of\Falluja overnight, killing two people, in a new strike on\rebels digging in for an expected U.S.-led offensive.
Xstrata Offers A\$7.4 Billion for WMC to Add Nickel (Update4) Xstrata Plc, the world #39;s biggest exporter of coal for power plants, offered to buy WMC Resources Ltd. for A\$7.4 billion (\$5.5 billion) in cash to add nickel and copper mines as China #39;s demand for metals grows.
Nortel Networks fait le point sur sa situation TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct 27, 2004--Nortel Networks Corporation (NYSE:NT)(TSX:NT) et sa principale filiale oprationnelle Nortel Networks Limited (NNL #39;) ont fait le point ce jour  la suite de l #39;mission de directives de communication 
Panda playground in Wolong unwired China #39;s Wolong Nature Reserve is unwired to aid researchers in the study of the endangered giant panda. A broadband and wireless communications network within China #39;s Wolong 
FA investigate Stanford Bridge crowd chaos The Football Association has started an investigation into crowd trouble at Chelsea #39;s League Cup match with West Ham at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday.
SCOTS IN THE FIRING LINE: PIN-UP AND A AT  #39;EM BOYS THE brave lads of the Black Watch yesterday began their treacherous journey north through Iraq. Scores of troops left their temporary home in Basra - one of Saddam Hussein #39;s old palaces, now 
The Force is strong in Battlefront Star Wars: Battlefront is an absolute blast and one of the most immediately satisfying game offerings yet from George Lucas' stable.
Mideast lull presents new chance for peace It has been almost a month since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death and, as many had hoped, there are already some hopeful signs that his passing could lead to renewed peace initiatives between Israel and the Palestinians.
Oil Extends Slide After Crude Build Slump  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil extended its retreat on Thursday,  taking two-day losses to 6 percent after an unexpectedly large  rise in U.S. crude inventories spurred speculative funds to  take profits out of record high prices.
Royal Dutch/Shell Unifies (Reuters) Reuters - Oil major Royal Dutch/Shell\Group said it was merging its Dutch and British holding\companies as it seeks to address failings that led to a shock\downgrade in proven oil reserves.
Blast at Russian mine kills 13 in industry's latest disaster (AFP) AFP - A blast at a Siberian mine killed 13 men in the latest disaster to strike Russia's accident-prone industry that has been chronically short of funds following the Soviet collapse.
Eurozone economy awash with liquidity, M3 money supply data show (AFP) AFP - The eurozone economy is awash with excess liquidity and that could signal inflationary dangers ahead for the 12 countries that share the euro, official data showed.
Mining firm rejects Xstrata bid WMC, the Australian mining firm, turns down a \$5.5bn bid from Swiss company Xstrata but says it is willing to hold talks on a deal.
Three Foreign Poll Workers Kidnapped in Kabul (Reuters) Reuters - Three foreign election workers were\kidnapped by armed men in the Afghan capital Kabul on Thursday,\government sources and election commission officials said.
NEC posts higher net profit in first half but lowers forecast (AFP) AFP - Japanese computer giant NEC said its interim net profit rose 62.6 percent to 25.2 billion yen (240 million dollars) but it cut its forecasts, citing slower mobile handset and semiconductor markets.
Australian Govt. in Control of Both Houses (AP) AP - Final election results Thursday showed John Howard becoming Australia's first prime minister in 24 years to control both houses of parliament, clearing the way for the conservative leader to push through reforms including relaxing media ownership laws.
Three Foreigners Kidnapped in Afghanistan  KABUL (Reuters) - Three foreign election workers were  kidnapped by armed men in the Afghan capital Kabul on Thursday,  government officials said.
Pakistan Court Again Delays Pearl Case Hearing  KARACHI (Reuters) - A Pakistani court on Thursday again  adjourned an appeal hearing for four Islamic militants  convicted of the abduction and murder of U.S. reporter Daniel  Pearl because a key defense lawyer failed to show up.
Cycling: Tour de France changes  Changes are likely when the Tour de France route for 2005 is announced on Thursday.
Fewer Pledge to Swap Votes Thousands plan to take part this year in an online effort that lets backers of third-party candidates in swing states trade votes with people in less critical locations. But overall participation is lower than in 2000. By Joanna Glasner.
Shell to scrap twin board structure Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell today said it would to scrap its twin board structure as it battles to restore confidence in the wake of its reserves crisis.
Faster check-clearing benefits all of us A new law takes effect today that #39;s sure to have a positive impact on the nation #39;s payment system. It #39;s also likely to have an impact on those who pull out a checkbook when it #39;s time to pay the bills.
Boeing net surges 78 to \$456 mil. Boeing Co. reported a 78-percent surge in third-quarter net income to \$456 million as it benefitted from strength in its defense business, and tax settlements that helped offset drop-offs in commercial airplane and satellite and launch operations.
Volkswagen Reports Seventh Quarterly Profit Decline (Update1) Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s largest carmaker, reported a seventh consecutive decline in quarterly profit as domestic demand weakened and sales growth in China slowed, making the full-year profit target harder to reach.
Gold Fields cheers  #39;solid #39; performance However, the gold miner said earnings were down compared to September last year when a sum of R421 million was posted. - An operating profit of R456 million was achieved despite a lower rand gold price and a small planned reduction in gold produced.
Google Improves Local Search With Map Company Buy Google announced its purchase yesterday of Keyhole, a mapping company that uses satellite photographs to produce three-dimensional maps, in a move that could bolster Google #39;s local search capabilities.
Apple stock hits four-year high The action continued in after hours trading, where the company gained another US cent. The company saw stocks climb \$2.33 during the day, a 4.86 per cent increase.
Moon #39;s eclipse like a  #39;rusty ball #39; Stargazers were able to catch a fleeting glimpse of a total eclipse of the moon in the early hours today. The clouds cleared to allow a rusty ball to be seen, despite bad weather, between 3.23am and 4.44am.
Denver will do the Dew - Action Sports Tour, that is Denver will host hordes of skaters, motocross riders and bikers next summer as one of five cities presenting the first Dew Action Sports Tour.
Taiwan  #39;Traditionally Benefits #39; With Republicans in White House Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s comments this week on Taiwan have upset many on the island, but analysts believe he likely misspoke, and they note 
The Economist favours Kerry in US presidential vote (AFP) AFP - The Economist, the weekly bible of the world's top movers and shakers, said it is throwing its support behind Democratic challenger John Kerry in the upcoming US presidential election.
Coronation Begins for Cambodia's New King (AP) AP - Cambodia began three days of celebrations Thursday as its new king, former ballet dancer Norodom Sihamoni, prepared to take over the throne from his father, who was adored by his people for more than 60 years.
Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors rushed to  Yasser Arafat's side on Thursday to tend to the seriously ill  Palestinian leader, who for decades has symbolized his people's  struggle for statehood.
You Broke It, You Fix It The new iMac G5 is completely user serviceable. If something goes wrong, Apple ships you the spare parts and you do the work. It's the wave of the future: Soon most PC repairs will be done at home. By Leander Kahney.
Bio Data-Cruncher Hits Jackpot A Harvard biologist scores on three fronts with a genetic discovery in diabetes, an advance toward curing a rare children's disease and a \$500,000 award for scientific creativity. Fifth in a series profiling the MacArthur Foundation 'genius award' winners. By Kari Lynn Dean.
When Hilary Met Larry She was the champion of the music industry. He was the voice of the people. It was a death match made in heaven -- but they found common ground. By Hilary Rosen and Lawrence Lessig from Wired magazine.
Titan Surface Still a Mystery NASA investigators now have the most detailed pictures ever taken of Titan. But the images can't penetrate the mystery that surrounds the Saturnian moon. By Amit Asaravala.
Lexmark Loss Good for Consumers The printer maker's courtroom setback may mean consumer electronics companies won't try to use the Digital Millennium Copyright Act as an all-purpose competition shield anymore. By Katie Dean.
Internet Users Want a Voice About a quarter of Americans have rated products, services or people online, according to the latest Pew Internet    #038; American Life Project survey. The results point to the growing significance of online rating systems. By Daniel Terdiman.
Lost Tribe of Little People On a remote Indonesian island, archeologists were astonished to discover a new, small human species that walked the earth just 18,000 years ago. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Foreigners Blocked From Bush Site Surfers trying to view President Bush's official campaign website are finding it a tad difficult to get in. No explanation has been given, even though the site works just fine in the United States.
English elm 'brought by Romans' English elms could be descended from one tree brought here by Romans 2,000 years ago, scientists say.
Astronomers chart asteroid threat \A team of astronomers steps up a project which one day could preserve the Earth from annihilation.
Abortion row fears over eye cure The restoration of a blind woman's sight using foetal tissues is likely to spark ethical debate, say scientists.
Shell buoyed by hopes for heftier index weighting Shares in Royal Dutch/Shell have risen in Amsterdam and London, lifted by speculation that investors will increase their holdings in the stock to reflect its unified structure.
2nd UPDATE: Xstrata Bids A\$7.4B For WMC, Rivals Circle MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Swiss-based Xstrata Plc (XTA.LN) Thursday put WMC Resources Ltd. (WMR.AU) in play, offering A\$7.4 billion for the Australian miner that represents the start of a long bidding war.
Google buys online map provider Acquires Keyhole Corp., for an undisclosed amount and cuts the product price by \$40 and further fueling its rivalry with Microsoft and Yahoo.
New German business wave in Asia takes shape BERLIN - Volkswagen AG #39;s announcement this week that it has forged a new partnership deal with Malaysian carmaker Proton comes as a strong euro and Europe #39;s weak economic performance triggers a fresh wave of German investment in Asia.
Election Workers Kidnapped in Afghanistan (AP) AP - Three foreign election workers were kidnapped Thursday in the Afghan capital, police and Western officials said.
NY Seen Steady as Oil Prices Slip Further  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was set for a steady start  on Thursday, bolstered by fresh falls in crude oil prices to  their lowest level in over three weeks to ease investor  concerns about prospects for economic growth and corporate  profits.
Titan close-up only adds to mystery The first close-up pictures of Titan, one of the most enigmatic bodies in the solar system, parted the veil of its smoggy atmosphere Wednesday but managed to deepen questions about the Saturnian moon #39;s icy surface.
PSP SCE MMO - OMG! October 27, 2004 - While Sony has not outlined exactly how it plans to use that cool WiFi online functionality of the PSP (currently, games only support local peer-to-peer gameplay), the company is charging ahead into the online space with its games.
Bush can #39;t hide from UK surfers Surfers that have been unable to visit the official re-election site of President George W Bush all week can access the site through an alternative address.
Microsoft #39;s Ballmer tells customers to stick with Windows Steve Ballmer, Microsoft #39;s CEO has emailed management and IT professionals in a fierce defence of Windows against Linux and Unix in the Enterprise.
AMD, Tata launch Internet Communicator AMD launches the \$185 Personal Internet Communicator(PIC) in partnership with Tata Indicom to tap the Indian market. MUMBAI: The Austin, TX-based chip vendor AMD calls it the 50x15 initiative : the move towards 
KLINSMANN HAPPY WITH FIFA Germany coach Jurgen Klinsmann is  quot;thrilled quot; by the news that his team will kick-off the 2006 World Cup at Munich #39;s new Allianz Arena.
Singh gears up for big finish Vijay Singh does not recall the PGA Tour being this strong, with a record five rookies winning this year. One of them, Ryan Palmer, held off the No.
Blast at Russian mine kills 13 in industry #39;s latest disaster MOSCOW : A blast at a Siberian mine killed 13 men in the latest disaster to strike Russia #39;s accident-prone industry that has been chronically short of funds following the Soviet collapse.
China welcomes Russian approval of Kyoto Protocol China welcomed on Thursday Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto climate change protocol and urged countries that have not done so to follow suit.
Powell clarifies no change in US cross-strait policy after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : Secretary of State Colin Powell clarified that US policy on China and Taiwan has not changed, in an apparent bid to assuage Taipei #39;s concerns over remarks he made in a visit to Beijing.
People want to see a resolution of the Kashmir issue: Musharraf Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has categorically stated that Pakistan #39;s Kashmir policy has not been changed and whatever options he presents, should be seen as various ways to resolve this outstanding imbroglio.
European Stocks Rise as Oil Slips (Reuters) Reuters - A sharp fall in oil prices boosted\European stock markets and energy import-dependent Japan's yen\on Thursday, but depressed government bonds as investors\factored in a rosier economic outlook.
Commonwealth chief meets Indian foreign minister (AFP) AFP - Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon held talks with Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh on the first day of his two-day visit to New Delhi, an Indian official said.
Red Cross slams 'misguided aid' Wrongheaded relief work may worsen the situation of disaster victims, warns the international Red Cross.
Jones #39; Sydney medals safe MARION JONES will be able to keep the three gold and two bronze medals she won at the Sydney 2000 Olympics even if it is proved she was taking banned drugs at the time.
Pesky's patience rewarded Those were tears of joy he didn't even try to hide amid the wild celebration in the Red Sox' locker room last night. Sure, some champagne had been poured on him, but those were Johnny Pesky's emotions on display as he witnessed a scene that he never had a doubt he'd see.
Update 10: Crude Oil Prices Slide Further Crude oil futures slid Thursday to their lowest levels in more than two weeks as concerns over supplies ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter eased because of a rise in US inventories.
DreamWorks Animation sets IPO at \$28 The generally jovial ogre Shrek might have enchanted moviegoers, but investors are even more interested in shares of the character #39;s creator: DreamWorks Animation (DWA).
German automaker Volkswagen reports drop in net profit (Updated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Automaker Volkswagen on Thursday reported a 65 percent drop in net profit from the same period a year ago amid fiercely competitive markets and difficult 
Telefnica rejects bid for maker of Big Brother TELEFNICA, the Spanish telecoms group, is understood to have rejected a bid of at least 2 billion (1.4 billion) for its Endemol television production company, which is behind Big Brother.
Payments rule is one small step in automating banks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - The Check Clearing Act for the 21st Century, or Check 21, goes into effect this Thursday without a visible hitch.
Sony profits down as rivals up Electronics giant Sony has reported a fall in profits, in contrast to strong gains seen by Matsushita and Canon. Sony, which blamed a fall in sales of televisions and portable audio players, saw half-year 
Ballmer launches selective attack on Linux IP protection Steve Ballmer has attacked Linux vendors for failing to adequately indemnify customers against potential intellectual property legal actions.
SGI and Nasa Claim Supercomputer World Record Silicon Graphics Inc and Nasa can claim to have created the world #39;s most powerful supercomputer with the installation of the new Linux and Intel Corp Itanium 2-based  #39;Columbia #39; supercomputer.
Boston baying at moon A cloud of anticipation hung over Beantown last night and it had nothing to do with people waiting for the total eclipse of the moon.
Megson drafts in lawyers to settle contract Gary Megson is preparing to take legal action against West Bromwich Albion to end his contractual dispute with the club and clear the way for a new job.
Davidoff Swiss Indoors, Basel British number one Tim Henman felt more energetic as he looked ahead to his second round encounter against South Africa #39;s Wesley Moodie today at the Davidoff Swiss Indoors event in Basel with the match not scheduled to start before 16:00 local time.
A Classic NY battle At the conclusion of yesterday #39;s post-position draw at Lone Star Park, handicapper Rick Lee announced that the track would entertain a number of head-to-head proposition #39; #39; bets on Saturday #39;s Breeders #39; Cup races.
Russian Coal Mine Explosion Kills 13, Injures 23, Ministry Says A gas explosion in a central Siberian coal mine killed 13 people and injured 23 others, Russia #39;s Emergency Ministry said. The explosion happened at 5:45 am local time in the Listvyazhna 
US Airstrike on Fallujah Kills 2 The US military says warplanes bombed a suspected rebel safehouse in the city of Fallujah Thursday, killing two people. A statement says the target was a  quot;meeting site quot; used by allies of wanted terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
MARGARET IN NEW TAPE PLEA KIDNAPPED aid worker Margaret Hassan was shown on videotape last night pleading for Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq. The tape, broadcast on Arab TV network alJazeera, also showed her demanding the 
DaimlerChrysler Posts  #36;1.27B Net Profit (AP) AP - DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it earned euro1.0 billion ( #36;1.27 billion) in the third quarter on good performances from its commercial vehicles division and its U.S. Chrysler arm, rebounding from a large loss a year ago.
FA launches investigation after Stamford Bridge trouble LONDON, Oct 28 (SW) - The English Football Association has officially confirmed an investigation had been launched following incidents at Stamford Bride last night.
Sri Lanka in trouble against Pakistan in Karachi Test (AFP) AFP - Pakistan pacers Abdul Razzaq and debutant Riaz Afridi took two wickets apiece as Sri Lanka struggled to 150-6 at tea on the first day of the second and final Test at National Stadium here.
Israeli Troops Kill Palestinian Girl -- Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot dead a 10-year-old\Palestinian girl on Thursday as she was walking to school in a\refugee camp in the Gaza Strip, witnesses said.
Shell Scraps Dual Ownership  LONDON/AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Oil major Royal Dutch/Shell  Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RD.AS target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RD.AS&lt;/A&gt;&lt;SHEL.L&gt; plans to move to a unified corporate  structure, ditching a century-old dual-ownership system blamed  for contributing to a reserves overbooking scandal.
Mideast May Again Become Major U.S. Issue (AP) AP - When President Bush and John Kerry talk about Mideast policy, they say little except to commit themselves to Israel's security. The rivals seem likely to say little more until one of them occupies the White House next year.
MicroStrategy Profit Lights Fire Under Stock MicroStrategy Inc.'s share price  soared 31 percent yesterday, the day after the McLean software company posted better-than-expected third-quarter earnings.
Former cybersecurity czar: Code-checking tools needed DECEMBER 02, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - WASHINGTON -- Software vendors need automated tools that look for bugs in their code, but it may be a decade before many of those tools are mature and widely used, said the former director of cybersecurity for the US 
Delta pilots agreed on cost saving package On Wednesday, Delta pilots agreed on cost saving plan of the company as Delta Air Lines is trying to avoid possible filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Fed finds economy growing in survey The US economy grew in September and early October despite being restrained by rising energy costs and increased uncertainty over the presidential campaign, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday.
WMC turns down \$5.5bn Xstrata bid Australian nickel and copper miner WMC Resources has turned down an offer from Swiss-based Xstrata that valued the company at Aust.
Upbeat Boeing lifts profit forecasts Plane maker Boeing has said its third quarter profits shot up 78 from a year ago to \$456m. The company also gave an upbeat forecast for the rest of 2004 and into 2005.
New U2 iPod Released Apple and U2 have announced the release of a special U2-branded iPod to coincide with the release of the band #39;s new album  #39;How To Dismantle An Atomic Bomb #39;.
Sony PSP: December 12th 2004 \$185 Thats when you can get yours and how much you would pay. That is if you live in Japan. Sony today announced the release date and price for its new portable game system.
An Unearthly Ball of Rust in the Sky Amateur stargazers who stayed up late into the early hours today were rewarded with fleeting glimpses of a total eclipse of the moon.
OutKast tops first digital-music sales awards Hip-hip duo OutKast have taken top honours as the recording industry handed out its first awards for music sold through Internet-music services like Apple Computer Inc.
Temps de lecture estim AMD : ERRATUM - Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited et AMD lance le communicateur Internet personnel. Les services haut dbit de TATA Indicom facilitent l #39;accs bon march  Internet en Inde.
Langer goes after tea Opener Justin Langer has been dismissed after the tea break but Australia have already built a big lead over India on day three of the third Test in Nagpur.
Magic send Shaq message, 109-103 When the NBA preseason mercifully came to a conclusion Wednesday night for the Orlando Magic, fiery point guard Steve Francis had a pointed message for the rival Miami Heat: The Magic 
Federation Council ratifies Kyoto treaty The Federation Council, the upper chamber of the Russian parliament, has ratified the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which was signed by Russia in 1997.
Encouraging news on economy A Federal Reserve report painted a generally positive picture of an expanding economy Wednesday, while noting that in some regions, including California and neighboring states,  quot;growth had moderated somewhat.
European Stocks Rise as Oil Slips A sharp fall in oil prices boosted European stock markets and energy import-dependent Japan #39;s yen on Thursday, but depressed government bonds as investors factored in a rosier economic outlook.
Yahoo launches mobile web search Web portal Yahoo has launched a web search service for mobile phone users in the US, according to a report from Reuters today. Its rival, internet search company Google, had introduced an SMS service to access 
OutKast take digi-download crown OutKast topped the first US digital music awards, presented by the Recording industry Association of America (RIAA). They took a multi-platinum award yesterday in recognition of 400,000 downloads for  #39;Hey Ya!
Japan appeals for hostage #39;s release Japanese officials tried Thursday to contact the Iraqi militants holding a Japanese hostage, as the 48-hour deadline for his threatened execution approached.
Alleged Terror Leader Goes On Trial In Indonesia The alleged leader of Southeast Asia #39;s most dangerous Islamic militant group has gone on trial in Indonesia charged with terrorist offenses that carry the death penalty.
UK student fraud hits record level A record number of university applications have been cancelled because students presented fake qualifications.
Ramirez MVP of Red Sox Team Full of Valuable Players (Reuters) Reuters - Manny Ramirez completed a perfect day\Wednesday by being named the Most Valuable Player of the 2004\World Series.
Gridlock at ports may dock retailers (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - This could be the year that gridlock steals Christmas.
Red Sox Fans Finally See Team Win Title (AP) AP - Red Sox fans waited 85 years to celebrate this moment. After so many disappointing Octobers, it was finally Boston's turn to enjoy a World Series victory.
Harmony #39;s hostile takeover bid sparks court challenge in South &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JOHANNESBURG : A battle over a hostile takeover bid to create the world #39;s largest gold mining group has spilled over into court, with Gold Fields Limited (GFI) accusing rival Harmony of being in breach of South African criminal laws.
Linux Cauldron Gets Another Stir The already-bruising battle for control of the fast-growing Linux market has become even tougher after Dell (DELL:Nasdaq - news - research) announced Wednesday that it will distribute Novell #39;s (NOVL:Nasdaq - news - research) version of the upstart 
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas The violent video game  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; could eclipse Hollywood #39;s most successful films, even as it draws the ire of critics.
Australia Leads by 300 in Test After Dismissing India for 185 Australia reached 87-1 after dismissing India for 185 to lead by 300 runs at tea on day three of the third cricket Test at Nagpur, edging the top-ranked team closer to a first series win in India in 35 years.
Anglo-American hope for Leeds Leeds United, forced to sell their best players to stay afloat financially in last season #39;s doomed relegation fight, could have new owners in the next 24 hours.
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
New Web Domain Names Get Preliminary Nod Two new Internet domain names - ".post" and ".travel" - could appear online as early as next year as the Internet's key oversight board announced preliminary approval on Wednesday.
Digital Assistants Continue to Lose Ground Shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm IDC said Wednesday.
OutKast Tops Digital-Music  Awards The hip-hip duo took top honors Wednesday as the recording industry handed out its first awards for music sold through Internet-music services like Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes.
Crisis in new EU member Latvia after government resigns (AFP) AFP - Five months after entering the European Union, the small Baltic state of Latvia was plunged into political turmoil as its minority coalition government was forced to resign after parliament rejected the draft 2005 budget.
Raytheon Posts Third-Quarter Net Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Raytheon Co. reported a third-quarter  net profit on Thursday after a loss in the year-ago quarter.
Dow Chemical Third-Quarter Profit Surges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Chemical Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DOW.N&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter profit surged 86 percent on increased plastics  sales, but demand remains vulnerable to soaring energy costs,  the No. 1 U.S. chemicals maker said on Thursday.
Viacom Posts Third-Quarter Net Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Viacom Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt;&lt;VIA.N&gt; on  Thursday posted a third-quarter loss as a result of charges  from discontinued operations and a writedown of its assets, but  revenue rose on advertising sales growth at MTV and Nickelodeon  cable networks and the CBS television network.
ImClone Posts Profit on Erbitux Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - ImClone Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IMCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IMCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted its third successive quarterly profit helped by  strong sales of its new colon cancer drug Erbitux.
Stocks to Watch on October 28  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Thursday:  DELTA AIR LINES &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;: The air carrier's pilots union said  late Wednesday it reached a tentative agreement with the  airline on cost savings.
Black in windfall compromise deal Former Hollinger International boss Lord Black reaches a deal with the media group over windfalls from the sale of Telegraph newspapers.
Dow Chemical Third-Quarter Profit Surges (Reuters) Reuters - Dow Chemical Co.'s \third-quarter profit surged 86 percent on increased plastics\sales, but demand remains vulnerable to soaring energy costs,\the No. 1 U.S. chemicals maker said on Thursday.
JetBlue Profit Down 71 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Low-cost carrier JetBlue Airways Corp.\ on Thursday said third-quarter earnings fell 71\percent as it struggled with skyrocketing fuel prices and tough\competition.
JetBlue Profit Down 71 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Low-cost carrier JetBlue Airways Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBLU.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JBLU.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said third-quarter earnings fell 71  percent as it struggled with skyrocketing fuel prices and tough  competition.
Sri Lanka upset over monk search Sri Lanka complains after monks were made to disrobe during an anthrax scare at the Canadian High Commission.
Armed Group Claims to Have Iraq Explosives (AP) AP - An armed group claimed in a video Thursday to have obtained a large amount of explosives missing from a munitions depot facility in Iraq and threatened to use them against foreign troops.
Verizon Third-Quarter Profit Flat (AP) AP - Verizon Communications Inc.'s third-quarter profit held steady at about  #36;1.80 billion as declining revenues from traditional phone services at the nation's biggest telephone company were offset by another blockbuster quarter for Verizon Wireless, which added a record 1.7 million subscribers.
Verizon Posts Flat Third-Quarter Earnings (Reuters) Reuters - Verizon Communications Inc. ,\the largest U.S. telecommunications company, on Thursday\reported third-quarter earnings virtually unchanged from the\year before as wireless and high-speed Internet sales offset\losses of local phone lines.
Ovitz, Eisner Relationship Spotlighted in Disney Suit AccountingWEB.com - Oct-28-2004 - A shareholder suit brought about by outrage over the severance package paid to former President Michael Ovitz is unveiling some deep dissention in the House of Mouse, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Big-ticket orders edge up 0.2 as sales of new homes surge Orders to US factories for big-ticket durable goods edged up in September while sales of new homes raced to the third-highest monthly level on record.
Imclone Posts 3Q Profit on Erbitux Sales Biopharmaceutical company ImClone Systems Inc. said Thursday that it swung to a profit in the third-quarter from a year-ago loss due to sales of colorectal cancer drug Erbitux.
Update 1: Volkswagen Reports Drop in Net Profit Automaker Volkswagen on Thursday reported a 65 percent drop in third-quarter net profit from the same period a year ago amid fiercely competitive markets and difficult economic conditions such as a strong euro and high oil prices.
Group backs anti-rollover device An electronic device that senses when a vehicle is about to tip and automatically corrects steering, acceleration and braking can reduce single-vehicle crashes that include deadly rollovers, a safety group said Thursday.
JC Penney names new chairman, CEO JC Penney Co. Inc. named Myron Ullman, a former executive at French luxury goods retailer LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton as its next chairman and chief executive Wednesday, reaching 
Bush site restricted to foreigners Web-surfers outside the US have been blocked from visiting the official George W. Bush campaign website. UK-based internet monitoring firm Netcraft first noticed the blockage Monday morning.
Now, Yahoo search on mobile Yahoo has sprung a surprise in the Internet world with its new offering: Yahoo search engine on mobile. With this mobile users can access yahoo search with their mobile phones.
Stargazers enjoy eclipse Amateur stargazers who stayed up into the early hours today were rewarded with fleeting glimpses of a total eclipse of the moon. Bad weather had threatened to obscure 
AMD Personal Internet Communicator Launched AMD today unveiled a business strategy with initial participants in India, Mexico and the Caribbean to enable 50 percent of the world #39;s population with Internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015 (called 50x15).
ICANN moves closer to approving .post and .travel suffixes Internet users may soon see two new domain name suffixes in their browser window:  quot;.post quot; to identify the postal community and  quot;.
NTT DoCOMo, IBM and Intel team up to secure mobile devices NTT DoCoMo, Intel and IBM have published a jointly developed security specification called the Trusted Mobile Platform. It aims to provide an end-to-end security architecture for mobile wireless devices, including 
SAP and HP to offer hosted ERP German software giant SAP is teaming with Hewlett-Packard (HP) to offer midmarket companies in the US a hosted software offering that includes applications, maintenance, services and support for a monthly fee.
MoD to save 600m with EDS #39; admin system The Ministry of Defence said it will save 600m over 10 years with a joint personnel administration system to serve all UK armed forces to be built by global IT services giant EDS.
Sumitomo files new suit in bid to halt UFJ, Mitsubishi Tokyo merger (AFP) AFP - Japan's Sumitomo Trust and Banking -- the trust arm of a rival suitor for UFJ Holdings -- filed a new lawsuit as part of its effort to secure a deal which could create the world's largest bank.
Henman proves he #39;s far from deficient in Basel TIM HENMAN confirmed his well-being despite recently being diagnosed as suffering from magnesium deficiency with a straight-sets win over Antony Dupuis in the first round of the Davidoff Swiss Masters.
Pak #39;s second string seamers restrict Sri Lanka : Rookie bowler Riaz Afridi, grabbed two wickets as Pakistan made Sri Lanka struggle for runs on the first day of the second cricket Test today.
Arafat Seriously Ill but in Stable Condition Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was said to be seriously ill but in stable condition Thursday as a team of international doctors prepared 
Sharon wins Gaza test JERUSALEMWith his political life in the balance, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon took the first tentative steps on the path to peace last night, winning parliamentary consent for a plan to uproot Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip and parts of 
Iran stays firm on nuclear curbs Top Iranian nuclear negotiator Hossein Mousavian has ruled out a long-term suspension of uranium enrichment. Mr Mousavian told the BBC it was completely illogical for the international 
UK troops on way to Baghdad: Japan rejects militants #39; threat BASRA, Oct 27: Hundreds of British soldiers left southern Iraq on a risky mission closer to Baghdad on Wednesday to free up US forces for a possible assault on Fallujah , as Tokyo stood firm after militants threatened to behead a Japanese hostage.
Viewpoint:  #39;Margaret Hassan must be released #39; Kirsten Zaat, a long-time humanitarian aid worker, makes a personal plea for the release of kidnapped colleague Margaret Hassan. When I began my career, Margaret Hassan had already been living in Baghdad for 15 years.
(196) 28-October-2004 - President challenges bishops on morality &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; President Olusegun Obasajo of Nigeria has challenged Anglican bishops meeting in Nigeria to provide courageous and godly leadership in matters of faith and moral conduct.
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Has Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia  Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSO.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a much wider quarterly loss on Thursday as  its founder's criminal conviction on charges of lying to  investigators continued to weigh on the business.
Aetna Earnings Rise as Membership Rises  CHICAGO  (Reuters) - Health insurer Aetna Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AET.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AET.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted a sharp rise in third-quarter profit as it  boosted membership and benefited from a big tax refund from  discontinued operations.
PayPal Makes Amends for Recent Outage Online payment service PayPal said it will essentially waive transaction fees for some customers on Thursday to make amends for the inconvenience caused by about five days of intermittent service outages earlier this month.
Europe likely to opt for biometric passports If current plans succeed, travelers' facial and fingerprint data will be stored on embedded chips.
ImClone Posts Profit on Erbitux Sales ImClone Systems Inc. (IMCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted its third successive quarterly profit helped by strong sales of its new colon cancer drug Erbitux.
Astonomers finger culprit in 1572 supernova An international team of astronomers has identified the surviving companion star to the 1572 supernova explosion witnessed by the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe.
DaimlerChrysler Operating Profit Rises  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below  analyst expectations, as gains at U.S. arm Chrysler helped  offset weaker earnings at premium carmaker Mercedes.
Fort Lauderdale boat show provides a boost to hotels For South Florida hotels, October #39;s end brings more than a change in the weather. It also ushers in the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show, an annual highlight for many hospitality firms.
Smaller, more powerful PC fuel cell is on the way A new fuel cell for notebook PCs, more compact and powerful than competing technologies, could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around \$90, its Japanese inventors said Tuesday.
DaimlerChrysler Operating Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - DaimlerChrysler's (DCXGn.DE)\third-quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below\analyst expectations, as gains at U.S. arm Chrysler helped\offset weaker earnings at premium carmaker Mercedes.
Bush Web Site Bars Overseas Visitors (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Bush-Cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the United States from viewing its Web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign's Internet address for six hours last week, according\\to computer security experts.
Africa Power Firms Join to Light Up Dark Continent (Reuters) Reuters - The latest scheme to spread\electric light in Africa may sound familiar, but this time\African leaders say they have the will, and financial backing,\to succeed.
Dow Chemical Third-Quarter Profit Surges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Chemical Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DOW.N&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter profit surged 86 percent on increased plastics  sales, but demand remains vulnerable to soaring energy costs,  the No. 1 U.S. chemicals maker said Thursday.
JetBlue Profit Tumbles, Misses Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - JetBlue Airways Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBLU.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JBLU.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said third-quarter earnings fell 71 percent, missing  analysts' lowered estimates, as it struggled with skyrocketing  fuel prices, storm disruptions and competition.
Exxon Profit Soars on Record Oil Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest publicly traded oil company, on Thursday reported a 56  percent rise in quarterly profit, driven by soaring oil and gas  prices in the quarter.
ICANN moves closer to approving .post, .travel domains Internet users may soon see two new domain name suffixes in their browser window: ".post" to identify the postal community and ".travel" for travel industry associations and organizations.
Taking in AT amp;T, Cingular is largest wireless provider Cingular Wireless #39;s dream of becoming the nation #39;s largest mobile phone provider came true yesterday, with final regulatory approval of its \$41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services.
Verizon Third-Quarter Profit Flat Verizon Communications Inc. #39;s third-quarter profit held steady at about \$1.80 billion as declining revenues from traditional phone services at the nation #39;s biggest telephone company were offset by another blockbuster quarter for Verizon Wireless, which 
Update 1: Sony Profits Surge for Quarter Sony Corp., the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant. said Thursday that its profit jumped 61.6 percent in the latest quarter on improved profitability in its mobile phone joint venture and gains in its movie business, led by  quot;Spider-Man 2. quot;.
New Law Could Sink Check Writers ATLANTA -- New federal laws take effect Thursday that could dramatically shorten the time it takes for a check to clear the bank because the information will now be transmitted electronically.
Neptune Orient Lines Profit Up 13 Percent Neptune Orient Lines Ltd., the world #39;s seventh biggest container shipping company, on Thursday reported a 13 percent rise in third quarter net profit from a year earlier due to growing shipping volume and higher freight rates.
Algeria's Most-Wanted Militant Taken Into Custody (Reuters) Reuters - One of North Africa's most wanted\Islamic militant leaders, accused in the kidnapping of 32\European tourists last year, has been taken into custody in\Algeria, authorities said on Thursday.
Classes turn lunar eclipse into a lesson Huddled around telescopes and bundled up in sweatshirts and stocking caps, Salinas High School students moon-gazed Wednesday night.
SAP, HP Offer Hosted ERP for Midsize Companies SAP America Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Co. are collaborating on a hosted enterprise resource planning software service for midsize companies in specific vertical markets.
Red Sox win World Series with 3-0 win Weds. to sweep St. Louis (St. Louis-AP) Oct. 27, 2004 - Curse? What curse? The Boston Red Sox have lifted the Curse of the Bambino by completing a four-game sweep in the World Series, beating the St.
Magic Defeat Heat In Orlando ORLANDO, Fla. -- Steve Francis poured in a team-high 22 points and rookie Dwight Howard added 14 with 13 rebounds as the Orlando Magic downed the Miami Heat, 109-103, in preseason action at TD Waterhouse Centre.
US Air Strikes Hit Al-Fallujah 28 October 2004 -- US warplanes today destroyed a house in Al-Fallujah suspected of being used by the guerrilla group of Al-Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
DaimlerChrysler Posts \$1.18B Quarterly Profit Automaking giant DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it earned 951 million euros (\$1.18 billion) in the third quarter on good performances from its financial services division and its U.S. Chrysler arm, rebounding from a 1.7 billion euro loss a year ago when it had a large one-time write-off.
Experts warn of Internet flu vaccine scam Although the United States is experiencing a shortage of flu vaccines this fall, don't be so eager for one that you're duped into purchasing it online.
Sony net profit more than doubles; Spider-Man 2 a boost (AFP) AFP - Global consumer electronics giant Sony said its interim net profit more than doubled to 76.5 billion yen (720 million dollars), thanks in part to its popular movie Spider-Man 2.
IRAQ Kidnappers Tighten Screw on U.S. Allies in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants piled more pressure on the  United States' military allies in Iraq on Thursday, seizing a  Polish woman and holding a Japanese man under death threat.
Nigerian Protection Force En Route to Darfur  ABUJA (Reuters) - An elite contingent of 50 Nigerian  soldiers flew to Darfur on Thursday aboard a U.S. military  plane, the first of 3,000 extra African Union troops deployed  to monitor a shaky cease-fire in Sudan's vast western region.
Algeria's Most-Wanted Militant Taken Into Custody  ALGIERS (Reuters) - One of North Africa's most wanted  Islamic militant leaders, accused in the kidnapping of 32  European tourists last year, has been taken into custody in  Algeria, authorities said on Thursday.
Moving Ideas Off Campus The transfer of technological innovations from the campus to the capitalist marketplace has been a financial windfall for many schools.
Verizon 3Q Profit Flat Verizon Communications Inc.'s third-quarter profit held steady at about \$1.80 billion as declining revenues from traditional phone services at the nation's biggest telephone company were offset by another blockbuster quarter for Verizon Wireless, which added a record 1.7 million subscribers.
Shell Fuels Gains in European Shares (Reuters) Reuters - European shares posted their best levels\in nearly two weeks, led by pleasing restructuring and earnings\news from oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell, but sharp losses among\basic producers capped market gains.
When two become one Rivalry between the Dutch and British has a long history. Between 1652 and 1672, three wars broke out between two seafaring nations separated by trading interests as well as a few miles of North Sea.
Whitbread unveils sell-offs and savings Pubs and hotels group Whitbread today unveiled an 800 million asset disposal programme and plans to quit its London head office.
Update 4: DaimlerChrysler Posts \$1.27B Net Profit Automaking giant DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it earned 951 million euros (\$1.18 billion) in the third quarter on good performances from its financial services division and its US Chrysler arm, rebounding from a 1.7 billion euro loss a year ago when 
Marvel 3Q Profit Falls but Sales Surge Toy company Marvel Enterprises Inc. on Thursday blamed a sharp drop in third-quarter profit on a tax swing in the period, but the company still beat Wall Street expectations as sales and license fees soared from sales of Spider-Man merchandise.
China raises lending rate for first time in nearly a decade BEIJING : China has decided to raise its benchmark one-year lending rate to 5.58 percent from 5.31 percent with effect Friday, the first such move in nearly a decade, the central bank said on its website.
Licensing Plan Makes Microsoft a Utility Player Opinion: A decision to continue charging for server software based on CPUs and not cores will make Microsoft server software a much more attractive alternative to utility computing providers.
KHAN-AGE England #39;s Simon Khan, runner-up to Sergio Garcia in Majorca two weeks ago, made a horror start to his first Volvo Masters at Valderrama today.
Barroso sees clutch of changes Jos Manuel Duro Barroso, the incoming president of the European Commission, is expecting to have to make a clutch of changes to the line-up of his executive if he is to get it past a rebellious European Parliament.
Japan Seeks Iraq Hostage Release as Deadline Nears Japan sought international help on Thursday for a Japanese man held hostage in Iraq, with less than 24 hours to go for a deadline set by his captors to behead him unless Tokyo withdraws its troops.
The Gaza gamble MONTHS of terrorist bombings and Israeli army attacks aren #39;t the usual buildup for a major peace initiative. But the Israeli parliament #39;s vote to withdraw from the heavily Palestinian Gaza Strip is a huge breakthrough.
Russian Coal Mine Blast Kills 13, Rescue Efforts Over Rescue efforts at a Siberian mine after an explosion Thursday morning are over, and the bodies of all the 13 dead have been recovered.
A Blog as Big as Texas The  quot;Missing Iraq Explosives quot; pseudo-scandal appears to be falling apart by the hour. Most recent developments are as follows: Russian special forces troops moved many of Saddam Hussein #39;s weapons and related 
China welcomes Russia #39;s ratification of Kyoto Protocol China says it welcomes Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol that aims to stem global warming by reducing greenhouse-gas emissions.
Resolving Kashmir with a Musharraf model The studied casualness with which Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf presented his big idea on Kashmir this week has not been able to hide its innovative and indeed revolutionary 
Tour De France Unveils Route for 2005 (AP) AP - The 2005 Tour de France may give other riders a chance to test Lance Armstrong. The mountaintop finishes are less intense and the time trials shorter, possibly cutting into the strength of the six-time winner. Organizers on Thursday unveiled the 2005 Tour route, which runs from July 2-24, passes through Germany and features 21 stages over 2,222 miles.
Verizon Wireless Plows Ahead Verizon (VZ:NYSE - news - research) Thursday posted a solid quarter as its wireless operation continues to pick up steam. For its third quarter ended Sept.
DaimlerChrysler Operating Profit Rises DaimlerChrysler #39;s (DCXGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) third-quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below analyst expectations, as 
Glaxo Sees Dip in Third-Quarter Profits British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline PLC reported a 9 percent drop in third-quarter earnings Thursday, citing stiff competition from generic drug makers.
Coca-Cola Enterprises 3Q Falls Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., the world #39;s largest bottler of Coke products, on Thursday said profits fell in the third quarter as the company wrestled with a soft retail environment and a decline in soft drink consumption.
Sony, Matsushita post Q2 gains Sony cuts full-year forecast by 3, Matsushita warns on effects of high oil prices and competition. TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp. Thursday reported a quarterly profit gain thanks to the  quot;Spider-Man 2 quot; hit movie 
China Hikes Rates to Cool the Economy (Reuters) Reuters - China's central bank on Thursday raised\interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade in its\boldest move yet to guide its heated economy to a path of\slower growth.
Titan #39;s Big Surprise The Cassini flyby of Titan sent back the most detailed surface images, but the 1000 kilometer cloud formation near the south pole has scientists stumped.
Apple boasts 70 of the music market, analyst asks: can it keep it &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The expansion of the iTunes Music Store to nine more countries in Europe means that Apple now reaches almost 70 per cent of the global music market, according to Apple VP Eddy Cue, but Apple 
Keyhole bought by Google for 3D mapping Moving ever closer to its dream of being able to catalogue almost everything in the world, Google Inc. has just bought digital map-maker, Keyhole Corp.
Microsoft #39;s Ballmer questions open source Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has again argued the case that open source is not necessarily cheaper, nor more secure than its proprietary counterpart.
Lunar Eclipse won #39;t happen again for four years If you didn #39;t get a chance to see it Wednesday night, you #39;ll have to wait another four years. People all over world had a chance to see a lunar eclipse Wednesday night.
Garcia full of confidence All 12 members of Europe #39;s victorious Ryder Cup team were due to be in action at the Volvo Masters which started in Valderrama, Spain, today.
Faure:  #39;Jacques was a mistake #39; Determined to finish second in the 2004 Constructors #39; Championship, the French team replaced Jarno Trulli with Villeneuve prior to the Chinese GP.
Mainers celebrate Red Sox victory Like others through New England, Boston Red Sox fans in Maine erupted in celebration following their team #39;s first World Series championship in 86 years.
Loss of teams, but not power Jay Wright has heard this before. The Villanova coach is in his third season at the Wildcats #39; helm, and this is the third time he #39;s heard that the Big East is in decline.
Tour De France  #39;05 Should Suit Armstrong #39;s Rivals With his record six victories, Lance Armstrong has proved he can win the Tour de France over any course. Thursday organizers unveiled a 2005 route that suits his rivals rather than the American.
Fla. County to Replace Absentee Ballots (AP) AP - With voters jamming phone lines saying they haven't received absentee ballots in the mail, elections officials planned to mail out thousands of replacement ballots.
Royal Dutch/Shell to Unify The new group, to be called Royal Dutch Shell, will be headquartered in the Netherlands with a single board, chairman and chief executive.
ADV: Free Anti-Virus Scan If your computer is slowing down or crashing, you may have a virus. Scan now to find out!  Detects viruses, spyware and worms. Includes free spam and popup blockers.
China raises rates to cool growth China increases its interest rates for the first time since 1995, a move widely seen as a further attempt to prevent its economy from over-heating.
Loews Posts Profit vs Year-Earlier Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Loews Corp. , the conglomerate\controlled by the Tisch family, on Thursday posted a\third-quarter profit compared with a year-earlier loss, when\its CNA Financial affiliate increased its reserves for\asbestos, lawsuits and other matters.
Irish Priest Who Disrupted Games Acquitted of Abuse  LONDON (Reuters) - A former Irish priest who disrupted the  Athens Olympics and the British Grand Prix was acquitted  Thursday of indecency with a seven-year-old girl.
S Africans 'armed to the hilt' South African civilians own more guns than the police and military combined, a study finds.
Algeria 'terror leader' arrested Algeria takes custody of one of its most wanted terror suspects, handed over by Libya, the government says.
Aid rushed to storm victims Food and supplies arrive in the Philippines, hit hard by back-to-back storms. More than 600 are dead, and nearly 400 are missing. BY OLIVER TEVES.
Blogs Are Great for Search Engine Ranking Blogs Are Great for Search Engine Ranking\\Blogs have had a profound effect on communications and marketing since their development and early adoption but are still a mystery to many. According to Google Definitions (enter: define:Blog into Google search window), Blogs can be several things to different people but the simplest ...
Shell to become one company, scrap dual boards LONDON : Royal Dutch/Shell announced radical plans to merge its separate holding companies in an overhaul of its corporate governance structures after a review triggered by its oil reserves scandal.
Tribune Profit Stumbles on Scandal Costs Tribune Co. (TRB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said quarterly profit slumped 32 percent, hurt by costs to reimburse advertisers after a circulation scandal 
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Has Loss Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.(MSO) reported a much wider quarterly loss on Thursday as its founder #39;s criminal conviction on charges of lying to investigators continued to weigh on the business.
Viacom Posts a Loss on Charges Viacom Inc. (VIAb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (VIA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a quarterly loss on charges related to the spinoff of video rental chain Blockbuster 
Check 21 will sink the float on checking accounts A new law that takes effect today will shorten the time a check takes to clear -- and muddy the finances of check writers who rely on the  quot;float.
Fiat third-quarter net loss rises, operating loss is slashed MILAN : Troubled Italian automaker Fiat Auto reported an 11 percent increase in third quarter sales to 4.5 billion euros (5.7 billion dollars) compared with the same period last year and cut its operating loss 18 percent to 270 million euros.
CEE profits fall 20 Coca-Cola Enterprises said its profits fell more than 20 percent in the third quarter, thanks in part to soft retail sales in North America.
China Hikes Interest Rates China on Thursday announced it would hike interest rates for most deposits and loans by 0.27 percentage points, the first rise in nine years.
Mobile Phone Gaming to Top  #36;1 Billion in '04 (Reuters) Reuters - Video game and mobile phone companies\are set to make money this year as customers use phones to zap\space invaders or sink game-winning golf putts, pushing the\mobile gaming market over  #36;1 billion, a study said.
Group Claims to Kill Kidnapped Iraq Troops (AP) AP - An Iraqi extremist group said on its Web site Thursday that it had killed 11 Iraqi troops taken hostage south of Baghdad and posted video of the bound men being shot or beheaded.
Google Acquires Satellite Map Company In a deal that could give a boost to local search marketing, search engine giant Google said yesterday it acquired Keyhole Corp., which sells online satellite maps.
Photographs of the  #39;World Series #39; Eclipse Earth cast an eerie shadow on the Moon Wednesday during a total lunar eclipse that delighted skywatchers on several continents. It was the first total lunar eclipse ever to coincide with a World Series game.
Samsung claims DRAM design-win in AMD low-cost  #39;PIC #39; SAN JOSE, Calif. - South Korean DRAM maker Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., said Thursday (Oct. 28) that it  quot;played an integral role in the development and manufacturing quot; of the Personal Internet Communicator (PIC), announced by Advanced Micro Devices Inc.
BYTE OF THE APPLE Every time I write a column about Apple, I get e-mail from people telling me they don #39;t have antivirus software and don #39;t run a firewall because Macs are inherently safer than PCs.
Cole fires Chelsea victory It is a pity that violence during and after Chelsea #39;s 1-0 Carling Cup third-round victory over West Ham at Stamford Bridge overshadowed yet another out-standing performance from Joe Cole.
Double the delight for Fleming CHITTAGONG: A double century from Stephen Fleming placed New Zealand in a prime position heading into the third day of the second cricket test against Bangladesh tonight.
Aussies pile on the runs in Nagpur Led by Simon Katich, Aussies piled on the runs against a hapless Indian bowling attack taking a firm step to conquer the Final Frontier on the third day of the third Test at Vidarbha Cricket Association Ground in Nagpur on October 28.
PIZZA IN OUR TIME ARSENAL AND Manchester United held boardroom  quot;peace talks quot; last night in a bid to calm the war between the two Premiership giants.
Sauber has no regrets signing Villeneuve Peter Sauber says he has no regrets signing former world champion Jacques Villeneuve for next season. The Canadian was asked to fill in for Jarno Trulli in the final three races of the season by Renault, who 
Lecce sparkle thanks to teenager Bojinov Teenage striker Valeri Bojinov reaffirmed his growing reputation on Wednesday with two goals as Lecce snatched a 2-2 draw with Inter Milan.
For openers, Curry, Davis will be on bench The NBA mandate to crack down on malicious attempts to injure didn #39;t last until even the start of the regular season. At least that was one conclusion that could be drawn from the punishments 
Intelligence reform stalls in US Congress (AFP) AFP - Legislation to reform the US intelligence system after the September 11 attacks and failures in Iraq has fallen victim to partisan wrangling, endangering lawmakers' goal of sending a bill to the White House before the November 2 election.
US soldier and at least three Iraqis killed in clashes, blasts RAMADI, Iraq - At least two Iraqis were killed and eight people wounded, including three US marines, in clashes Thursday between rebels and US troops in the restive Iraqi city of Ramadi, hospital and military sources said.
Girl trapped 5 days after quake TOKYO, Japan -- Rescuers are trying to free a young girl trapped in a van beneath a landslide following Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in a decade.
Iraq ; Russia smuggled Saddam #39;s weapons: Report The Russian involvement in helping disperse Saddams weapons, including some 380 tons of RDX and HMX is still being investigated, Shaw said.
Russia ratifies Kyoto protocol. MOSCOW, October 27 (Itar-Tass) - The Federation Council, or Russian parliaments upper house, ratified on Wednesday the Kyoto protocol to the UN frame convention on change of climate.
Mobile Phone Gaming to Top \$1 Billion in '04  LONDON (Reuters) - Video game and mobile phone companies  are set to make money this year as customers use phones to zap  space invaders or sink game-winning golf putts, pushing the  mobile gaming market over \$1 billion, a study said.
AMD Rolls Out Low-Cost Net Access Device in India  BOMBAY (Reuters) - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that  could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time  technology users in the developing world.
Jobless Claims Up More Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing new  claims for unemployment benefits rose 20,000 last week, the  government said on Thursday in a report that continued to be  somewhat inflated by hurricane-related claims.
China's Central Bank Hikes Interest Rate  BEIJING (Reuters) - China's central bank on Thursday raised  interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade in its  boldest move yet to guide its heated economy to a path of  slower growth.
Oil Extends Its Retreat from Record Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil extended its retreat from record  highs on Thursday, taking two-day losses to 6 percent after an  unexpectedly large rise in U.S. crude inventories spurred  speculative funds to take profits.
Viacom Posts a Loss on Charges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Viacom Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt;&lt;VIA.N&gt; on  Thursday posted a quarterly loss on charges related to the  spinoff of video rental chain Blockbuster Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBI.N&lt;/A&gt;, but  cable network advertising sales and profits rose strongly.
Shell stuns City with revamp ANGLO-DUTCH giant Shell stunned the City today by unveiling plans to scrap its century old corporate structure and create  #39;one company, one board and one chief executive.
Update 1: Viacom Posts Loss on Blockbuster Charge Viacom Inc., the media conglomerate that owns CBS and MTV, posted a third-quarter loss of \$487.6 million Thursday as its earnings were hit by a \$1.
New Check Regulations Go Into Effect Today Some consumer advocates are worried new check regulations that go into effect today will catch consumers by surprise. Checks will now be cleared electronically, reducing the amount of time 
Russia Denies Involvement in Iraq Weapons (AP) AP - Russia angrily denied allegations Thursday that Russian forces had smuggled a cache of high explosives out of Iraq prior to the U.S. invasion in March 2003.
AMD Rolls Out Low-Cost Net Access Device in India (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices\ has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that\could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time\technology users in the developing world.
Vettori destroys Bangladesh Chittagong - Spin bowler Daniel Vettori claimed 10 wickets to guide New Zealand to the verge of victory on Thursday in the second Test against Bangladesh.
Dons seal back-to-back Parkhead wins Celtics lead at the top of the Scottish Premier League table was cut to four points on Wednesday night when an injury time goal from John Stewart gave plucky Aberdeen their second successive victory at Parkhead.
Lawyer: Cop Not Responsible For Snelgrove Death BOSTON -- A police commander working to control the rowdy crowd around Fenway Park after the Red Sox won the American League pennant last week was not responsible for the death of a college student.
DreamWorks Animation Seeks Splashy Debut DreamWorks Animation Inc., riding on a wave of recent hit films including "Shrek 2" and "Shark Tales" was looking for friendly waters on Wall Street Thursday with its highly anticipated initial public offering.
Alcatel Swings to Profit (AP) AP - French telecommunications equipment maker Alcatel SA swung to a profit in the third quarter, helped by cost-cutting and a rebound in the mobile communications industry, the company said Thursday.
Stocks Open Lower; China Rate Hike Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Thursday  on the heels of a two-day rally, with Wall Street looking  poised for a pull back, while China's interest rate hike adds  concerns that global economic growth may slow.
Dow Chemical Profit Surges 86 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Chemical Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DOW.N&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter profit surged 86 percent on increased plastics  sales, but demand remains vulnerable to soaring energy costs,  the No. 1 U.S. chemicals maker said Thursday.
Stocks surge for second day on falling oil prices By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stocks rallied sharply Wednesday for the second consecutive session.
China hikes interest rates for first time in nine years China on Thursday announced it will raise interest rates for one-year loans by 0.27 percentage points to 5.58, the first increase in more than nine years.
Aetna Third-Quarter Profits Up HARTFORD, Conn. - Aetna Inc. Thursday reported a huge surge in third quarter profits from a one-time tax refund and increased revenue from higher membership.
Weak Sales Hurt Coke Enterprises Earnings Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (CCE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest bottler of Coca-Cola drinks, reported on Thursday a 20-percent drop in quarterly profit 
Unemployment Claims Jump by 20,000 The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week by 20,000, the largest jump in a month, the Labor Department reported Thursday.
Canon posts record profit as digital camera boom continues (AFP) AFP - Japan's Canon Inc. said it posted a record profit for the three months to September due to strong overseas demand for digital cameras, especially in Europe, and revised up its full-year earnings forecast.
Iraq carnage kills 21 as UN official warns time not ripe for polls BAGHDAD (AFP) - At least 21 people were killed in the latest in a renewed spree of attacks to hit Iraq , as a top UN official issued a stark warning that elections could not be held in the current climate of violence.
New .travel, .post domains get preliminary nod Two new Internet domain names -quot;.post quot; and  quot;.travel quot;  -ld appear online as early as next year as the Internet #39;s key oversight board announced preliminary approval on Wednesday.
Hero Kezman plays down missile strike ONCE again today the talk in football circles south of the border is all about mayhem among fans as English football suffered another night of shame.
Aussies turn screws on India NAGPUR - World champions Australia have marched boldly towards their first series win in India in 35 years after taking an imposing 415-run lead with seven wickets in hand in the third Test.
Texas not popular choice The Breeders #39; Cup is making its first visit to Texas and not everyone thinks the world of it. There has been grumbling about the tight-turned turf course that has scared away many European runners.
SAP, HP Offer Hosted ERP for Midsize Companies (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - SAP and HP are offering a hosted enterprise resource planning application service to go after midsize companies that are taking their business to competing applications subcription services.
Another woman kidnapped in Iraq A POLISH-Iraqi woman has been kidnapped in Baghdad, the Iraqi interior ministry confirmed after Arab television station Al-Jazeera broadcast a videotape of the hostage.
Australia #39;s conservative government wins control of both houses of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister John Howard has won control of both the upper and lower houses of parliament, clearing the way for the conservative leader to push through reforms including relaxing media ownership laws.
Control of US Senate hinges on handful of hard-fought contests (AFP) AFP - A handful of nail-biter contests could flip control of the US Senate to the Democrats in the November 2 election, while the House of Representatives is expected to remain firmly in the grasp of George W. Bush's Republican Party.
Kidnappers Tighten Screw on U.S. Allies in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants piled more pressure on  Washington's military allies in Iraq on Thursday, seizing a  Polish woman and holding a Japanese man under death threat.
4 Iraqis Tell of Looting at Munitions Site in '03 Three Iraqi witnesses and a security chief said that looters stormed Al Qaqaa just days after U.S. troops swept through on their way to Baghdad in early April 2003.
Crude Drops for Second Day as China Increases Interest Rates Crude oil futures fell, posting their biggest two-day decline in London in two months, after China #39;s central bank raised interest rates for the first time in nine years in an attempt to stem inflation.
AirTran CEO Sees Another Airline Liquidation Soon The US airline industry, riddled with excess supply, will see a significant drop in capacity, or far fewer seats, as a result of at least one airline liquidating in the next year, according to AirTran Airways Chief Executive Joe Leonard.
Whitbread to sell historic brewery WHITBREAD #39;S new chief executive Alan Parker today made his first mark on the leisure giant, unveiling 800m of disposals and plans to sell its historic brewery on Chiswell Street.
Volkswagen Reports Seventh Quarterly Profit Decline (Update4) Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s largest carmaker, had a seventh consecutive decline in quarterly profit on higher sales incentives and the strength of the euro versus the dollar.
Google acquires digital mapping firm With an internet connection, users enter an address or other location information and Keyhole #39;s software accesses the database and takes them to a digital image of that location on their computer screen.
49ers notes: Rattay #39;s forearm is sore again Bee Staff Writer. SANTA CLARA - The 49ers were hoping to return from their week off with a roster full of healthy bodies. Instead, they went through Wednesday #39;s practice with their most 
Romanian Earthquake Felt in Turkey The earthquake, which occurred in Romania last night, measuring 6.2 on the Richter Scale, was also felt in Turkey. First reports say nobody was killed or injured in the earthquake.
COSATU deportations illegal IN a dramatic turn of events to the ill-fated Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) #39;s fact-finding mission, the government on Tuesday night dumped the delegation at the Beitbridge border post, in defiance of a High Court order barring the 
Dollar Falls, Market Ponders China's Move  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell in choppy trade on  Thursday as traders tried to sort out what a surprise interest  rate hike from China meant for currencies.
SEC Probes DaimlerChrysler  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCX.N&lt;/A&gt;  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday the U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission has opened a probe into the automaker's compliance  with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which includes  anti-bribery provisions.
In healthy Indian job market, developers want it all BANGALORE, INDIA -- As hiring picks up in Bangalore, India, the city's software professionals are again acquiring the spoiled-brat image they had in the late 1990s, when the dot-com boom increased staff requirements at Indian outsourcing companies.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - Google Desktop Search a cinch (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Google Desktop Search a cinch; superb though not perfect.
Dollar Falls, Market Ponders China's Move (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar fell in choppy trade on\Thursday as traders tried to sort out what a surprise interest\rate hike from China meant for currencies.
Japanese high-tech manufacturers enjoy higher profits but outlook mixed (AFP) AFP - Major Japanese electronics makers posted higher profits in the six months to September but reported mixed forecasts for the year to March on uncertain US economic prospects and high energy costs.
Governments can override charter rights in some cases, Supreme Court rules (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Newfoundland was justified in deferring pay equity payments to female health-care workers more than a decade ago, the Supreme Court of Canada has ruled.
Yahoo Jazzes Up Mobile Search Yahoo Jazzes Up Mobile Search\\Google SMS started serving search results to mobile users in the US just a few days back. Now Yahoo! follows it with even more comprehensive feature set. Google SMS is currently text based for the results; Yahoo! jazzes them up with maps, website icons, as well ...
Economy builds steam in KC Fed district The economy continued to strengthen in September and early October in the Great Plains and Rocky Mountain regions covered by the Tenth Federal Reserve District, the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City said Wednesday.
China raises rates to cool growth China has raised its core interest rates for the first time in nine years, as the country #39;s central bank moves to rein in the booming economy.
Tribune earnings fall 33 percent CHICAGO - Tribune Co. said Thursday its third-quarter profits dropped 33 percent, pushed lower by investment losses and the cost of settling with advertisers following circulation scandals at two of its newspapers.
Gillette #39;s Income Up \$475 Mln for Quarter Gillette Co. (GN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted stronger-than-expected quarterly profit, driven by sales of higher-priced products such as its battery-powered M3Power men #39;s 
DreamWorks Animation debuts today Riding the tail of a shark, DreamWorks Animation Inc. arrives on Wall Street today in the most high-profile entertainment company initial public offering in years.
Google buys digital mapping company Keyhole maintains a multi-terabyte database of digital images of geographic locations, culled from satellite and aerial snapshots.
Russia Postpones Launch of Soyuz-M2 Space Booster The Russian military has postponed the launch of the Soyuz-M2 space booster rocket scheduled for this week. The Soyuz-M2 booster was scheduled to lift off from the Plesetsk cosmodrome in northwest Russia on 
Study finds spyware, viruses everywhere By Carilyn Shropshire, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette / Scripps Howard News Service. Natalia Rudiak of Carrick could not figure out why her trusted laptop was acting sluggish and sometimes unresponsive.
Bjorkman battles past Arthurs Australian tennis player Wayne Arthurs has lost his first round match at the Stockholm Open, losing in three sets to Swedish veteran Jonas Bjorkman.
Football365 #39;s Quotes Of The Week On the  #39;tackle #39;, the penalty, Gary Megson on gardening, Jose #39;s fuzzy math, Keggy practicing for the Bar, Souney provides us with a fireside chat.
Leeds holds board meeting to discuss takeover of troubled soccer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leeds United called a board meeting Thursday to consider a 25-million-pound (\$55.7 million Cdn) takeover by a British-American consortium.
Soccer: Milan #39;s 3-0 victory keeps Juventus in sight ROME : Three goals in a vastly improved second half gave AC Milan a 3-0 win against bottom club Atalanta and cut Juventus #39; lead at the top of Serie A to two points.
Polish Woman Abducted in Iraq A Polish woman has been abducted in Iraq, according to a videotaped message by Iraqi extremists. The tape was aired by al-Jazeera on Thursday.
British soldiers take up positions south of Baghdad Hassan al-Jarrah in Najaf, Nadeem Majeed in Baghdad and Tribune news services contributed to this report. BAGHDAD -- In a move intended to free US forces for an expected 
Armed group kidnaps 11 Iraqi national guards: website A militant group has abducted 11 members of the Iraqi National Guard, said a statement posted on the group #39;s website on Tuesday.
Britons die in Jordan bus crash At least six Britons are believed to have died in a crash in Jordan near the ancient city of Petra.
Kerry Calls Red Sox 'America's Team' (AP) AP - Count Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts among those Boston baseball fans who have waited a lifetime to see the Red Sox win the World Series.
Delta Stock Up After Pilots' Deal Reached (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc.  has\reached a tentative contract with its pilots that will save the\cash-strapped airline  #36;1 billion annually, sending its shares\soaring almost 25 percent on Thursday.
Stocks Fall After China Raises Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday morning  after China's central bank said it was raising interest rates  for the first time in nine years, fueling concerns that global  economic growth may slow.
Campbell delivers win ATLANTA - Let there be no doubt: The Auburn football team is the undisputed champion of the Southeastern Conference. And let it be written that Jason Campbell made it so.
Delta Stock Up After Pilots' Deal Reached  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; has  reached a tentative contract with its pilots that will save the  cash-strapped airline \$1 billion annually, sending its shares  soaring almost 25 percent on Thursday.
Gateway taps out photo, MP3 player beat The PC maker is coming out with its own hard-drive-based MP3 player--a miniature unit that displays color photos.
Yahoo Search Cleans Cluttered Look Yahoo Search Cleans Cluttered Look\\Yahoo Search has introduced a Google clone search page but who will see it? If you visit the Yahoo home page, you'll see a couple of hundred links to all their services such as Yahoo Jobs, Yahoo Dating, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Movies, Yahoo Stores, ...
Shrek 3: The Wall Street Years Hollywood has a new star this morning. But you won't find this star on the Walk of Fame. Instead, you'll have to head 3,000 miles east to Wall Street, where the much-anticipated IPO from DreamWorks Animation is having its debut. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Call for curbs on discarded fish Newcastle scientists urge the EU to ban fishermen catching fish which are later thrown back into the sea.
San Francisco to Expand Wi-Fi Program (AP) AP - The mayor says San Francisco plans to rapidly expand its free wireless Internet access program and will soon make free computers available at housing projects and community centers.
Voters Checking Out Other Sides' Sites (AP) AP - Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.com?
Aspyr, Wideload offer Rebel Without a Pulse details (MacCentral) MacCentral - In late August Aspyr Media Inc. and Wideload Games first announced plans to collaborate on a new game release. On Thursday Aspyr and Wideload Games offered the first details about the game, including platform information and a release schedule. "Rebel Without A Pulse" is the game, and it'll be published worldwide for Mac, PC and Xbox consoles in the summer of 2005.
British-Irish national kidnapped in Afghanistan: Straw (AFP) AFP - A person with dual British-Irish nationality was one of three UN election workers kidnapped in Afghanistan, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said.
Oil Extends Slide, U.S. Inventory, China  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil extended its retreat from record  highs on Thursday, taking two-day losses to six percent after  an unexpectedly large rise in U.S. crude inventories spurred  speculative funds to take profits.
Spaniard Lara Stung Into Action at Volvo Masters  SOTOGRANDE (Reuters) - Spain's Jose Manuel Lara was the  latest to be stung into action on the European Tour after  another wasp struck -- this time at the Volvo Masters.
Update 2: Viacom Posts Loss on Blockbuster Charge Viacom Inc., the media conglomerate that owns CBS and MTV, posted a third-quarter loss of \$487.6 million Thursday as its earnings were hit by a \$1.
Loss-making FEER goes monthly HONG KONG - Dow Jones  amp; Company, which publishes vital business and financial news and information, announced that the Far Eastern Economic Review will change its format from a news weekly to a monthly magazine of issues and ideas, largely written by 
\$7.4bn bid for WMC WMC Resources is almost certain to be taken over after the Anglo-Swiss Xstrata group put Australia #39;s last major diversified mining company in play with a \$7.
Coke Enterprises NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Coca-Cola Enterprises managed to top its recently lowered third quarter profit outlook by a tad, but slumping sales and volume tugged its bottom line lower and should keep the bottler in the soup for the rest of the year.
Mystifying findings In its first close encounter with Titan, a planet-sized moon of Saturn, the Cassini spacecraft has given scientists intriguing glimpses of an alien world with fewer clouds than expected 
Red Sox end wait with surprising ease ST. LOUIS, Missouri This was for the believers. For Ted Williams and for Yaz and all the others who spent a career beneath a boulder that kept rolling down a hill.
2005 Tour de France to start on French island, go through Germany PARIS - The route for the 2005 Tour de France was announced by organisers at the Palais de Congres in Paris Thursday and will start with a 19 kilometre time trial on the French island of Noirmoutier and will also have two stages in Germany.
Total control: PM seizes the Senate JOHN Howard yesterday ended 8 years of Coalition frustration by winning outright control of the Senate. His breakthrough came after Nationals candidate Barnaby Joyce 
THEN: VHS v Betamax HOLLYWOOD studios are locked in a battle over adopting a standard for high-definition Digital Video Disc technology, in an apparent replay of the 1980s struggle between VHS and Betamax video formats.
Stocks Fall as China Raises Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday morning  after China's central bank said it was raising interest rates  for the first time in nine years, fueling concerns that global  economic growth may slow.
SEC Probing DaimlerChrylser  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCX.N&lt;/A&gt;  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday the U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission has opened a probe into the automaker's compliance  with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which includes  anti-bribery provisions.
No Alcohol Found in Ex-NFL Player Who Died (AP) AP - Former NFL player Justin Strzelczyk did not have alcohol or drugs in his system when he died after leading police on a highway chase, authorities said.
AOL to Give Away Anti-Virus Software to Members (Reuters) Reuters - America Online, the world's largest\Internet service provider, plans to offer its 23.4 million U.S.\subscribers a premium anti-virus software service, McAfee\VirusScan Online, for free in November.
Twelve dead, including nine British tourists, in Jordan bus accident (AFP) AFP - Twelve people, including nine British tourists, were killed when their bus overturned and crashed into a truck near the ancient city of Petra, a Jordanian official said.
Close-ups of Saturn moon received The Cassini-Huygens spacecraft #39;s flyby of Titan, the largest Saturnian moon, provided scientists Tuesday with ringside seats to view the solar system #39;s 
Russia postpones test launch of new booster rocket Russia has postponed the test launch of a new booster rocket scheduled for Friday, the Defense Ministry said Thursday. The launch of the Soyuz-2 medium-size rocket from Russia #39;s 
O #39;Neill tries to lower expectations Martin ONeill today warned the Celtic supporters to expect the Bank of Scotland Premier League champions to lose more points this season than in the past.
AOL to Give Away Anti-Virus Software to Members  NEW YORK (Reuters) - America Online, the world's largest  Internet service provider, plans to offer its 23.4 million U.S.  subscribers a premium anti-virus software service, McAfee  VirusScan Online, for free in November.
UPDATE 3-Viacom posts loss on charges; sets \$8 bln buyback Viacom Inc. (VIAb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (VIA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a quarterly loss on charges from spinning off the Blockbuster Inc.
New Web domain names get preliminary nod Two new Internet domain names -quot;.post quot; and  quot;.travel quot;  -ld appear on-line as early as next year as the Internet #39;s key oversight board announced preliminary approval on Wednesday.
Nationals eye greater party room power The National Party leader in the Senate says his party will have more influence now it has delivered the Coalition a majority in the Senate.
Switchboard.com: The King Of Local Search Switchboard.com: The King Of Local Search\\Forget about local search with Google, Yahoo! or MSN. They don't have a clue. When it comes to great local search, Switchboard.com is king! And no matter how hard Google, Yahoo! and MSN try, when it comes to local search, they'll never even be in ...
'Pirates' kill Bangladesh crew The bodies of 14 Bangladeshi fishermen are found locked in the ice hold of their trawler in a suspected pirate attack.
Red Sox Fans Exult at End of World Series 'Curse'  BOSTON (Reuters) - Thousands of bleary-eyed Red Sox fans  showed up for work on Thursday still stunned and giddy after a  night of celebrating something many thought impossible: a World  Series victory for baseball's perennial also-rans that put an  end to an 86-year-old curse.
Nortel delays financial report--again Accounting scandal continues to drag out as company once again delays reporting results for first half of 2004 and all of 2003.
Xstrata makes play for WMC SHARES in WMC Resources surged 36 per cent yesterday after it revealed it had become a takeover target for Swiss mining giant Xstrata.
Red Sox Fans Exult at End of World Series 'Curse' (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of bleary-eyed Red Sox fans\showed up for work on Thursday still stunned and giddy after a\night of celebrating something many thought impossible: a World\Series victory for baseball's perennial also-rans that put an\end to an 86-year-old curse.
Edwards' Down-Home Style Fills a Gap for Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Edwards\wasn't born a millionaire, and he doesn't let voters forget\that.
Backman Exits Mets' Managerial Hunt (AP) AP - Wally Backman pulled out of the New York Mets' managerial hunt to focus on his bid to get a job with the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Viacom Posts Loss; Sets \$8 Bln Buyback  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Viacom Inc. on Thursday posted a  quarterly loss on charges from spinning off the Blockbuster  Inc. video rental chain, but its shares rose on a  larger-than-expected stock repurchase and higher cable network  advertising sales.
Bankrupt U.S. Airways Posts Wider Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday reported a wider third-quarter net loss  as storms and high fuel prices hurt results.
Exxon boosted by oil price boom Exxon Mobil becomes the latest oil firm to report surging profits, driven by crude's recent record-breaking climb.
Deja Vu as Florida Struggles to Hold Pristine Election (Reuters) Reuters - Lawsuits, missing absentee ballots and\accusations of bias -- from afar Tuesday's presidential\election in Florida already looks like the Third World-style\fiasco of 2000 that everyone wanted to avoid.
Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors on Thursday  tended to seriously ill Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who  for decades has symbolized his people's struggle for statehood.
Nigerian Protection Force Arrives in Darfur  EL-FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - An elite contingent of 50  Nigerian soldiers arrived in Darfur on Thursday aboard a U.S.  military plane, the first of 3,000 extra African Union troops  deployed to monitor a shaky cease-fire in Sudan's western  region.
Delta Dodges Bankruptcy Bullet A tentative \$1 billion agreement reached by Delta Air Lines and its pilots union late Wednesday seemed to come at a painful, but practical cost.
AMD rolls out PIC It #39;s called a  quot;personal Internet communicator, quot; described as an affordable and simple way to connect to the Internet, and it #39;s being marketed by Sunnyvale #39;s Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Linux vendors hit back at Ballmer #39;s email In a 2,600-word email sent to Microsoft customers and partners on Wednesday, Microsoft #39;s Steve Ballmer drove home the key themes of Microsoft #39;s  quot;Get The Facts quot; campaign.
Part of the ECT News Network The holiday gaming season officially opened Tuesday with the release of  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. quot; The third in the immensely popular line of video games is expected by analysts to sell at least 4.5 million copies, sales figures that would put it in 
Wakefield Knows Before Game 4 of the World Series, Tim Wakefield was asked what Boston would be like if its Red Sox finally won a world championship.
China set for at least three Euro golf events The European golf tour will feature three, and possibly four, tournaments in China next season. The new schedule, released Thursday at the Volvo Masters, begins Nov. 25-28 with the China Open in Shanghai.
Police: No alcohol, drugs in ex-Steeler #39;s system Former NFL player Justin Strzelczyk did not have alcohol or drugs in his system when he died after leading police on a highway chase, authorities said.
Terrorists release new video of Hassan BRITAIN was bracing itself for another hostage outrage in Iraq as a harrowing video of the Care International worker Margaret Hassan was released.
Virus variant targets Google A new variant of the Zafi virus attacks Google, Microsoft, and the Hungarian Prime Minister
Burned before, Kyocera recalls cell phone batteries Cell phone maker flags defects in three product lines. The recall follows a rash of flaming or exploding devices.
Logic Express 7 Ships Apple has begun shipping Logic Express 7, music composition and production software that delivers professional quality audio and MIDI tools at an affordable price of \$299. With new Apple Loops support, software instruments and high-quality effect plug-ins, Logic Express 7 allows musicians to create, record, edit, and mix music. Oct 28
Altana suffers new setback in launch of blockbuster asthma drugs (AFP) AFP - German drug maker Altana said that it had postponed its application for approval of its new asthma treatment Roflumilast in the United States because additional clinical trials on the drug were taking longer than expected.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan held onto its secrets despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft #39;s cameras and instruments.
Volvo Masters lacking former pedigree Els sealed the order of merit a few weeks ago and, just like last year when he became number one in Europe for the first time, could not be persuaded to play for love nor money.
UPDATE 1-Mauresmo joins Zvonareva in Linz quarter-finals World number two Amelie Mauresmo shrugged off a thigh strain to cruise into the last eight of the Linz Open with a 6-4 6-0 win over Marta Domachowska on Thursday.
Stuttgart Slip Again Against Ten-Man Bremen VfB Stuttgart blew a gilt-edged chance to go back to the top of the Bundesliga on Wednesday night after leading ten-man Werder Bremen for most of a match they eventually lost 2-1.
Henman back in form LAST week, Tim Henman had blood tests that revealed a magnesium deficiency after defeat in Madrid. Yesterday, however, the British No 1 looked fully recovered with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over 
Russian upper house ratifies Kyoto Protocol Russia #39;s upper house of parliament has ratified the Kyoto Protocol, leaving President Vladimir Putin #39;s signature as the final step to kickstart global efforts to control climate change.
Fleeing MP arrested in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe police arrested an opposition MP as he tried to flee the country on Thursday to escape a one year jail term for assaulting the justice minister during a parliamentary debate over land seizures.
Some Car Dealer Groups Hurt by Weather  DETROIT (Reuters) - AutoNation Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AN.N&lt;/A&gt; and two other  car dealership companies on Thursday posted weaker quarterly  earnings, blaming the hurricanes that hit the U.S. Southeast  this summer or costly incentives used to boost sales.
Harmony #39;s hostile takeover bid sparks court challenge in South &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A battle over a hostile takeover bid to create the world #39;s largest gold mining group has spilled over into court, with Gold Fields Limited (GFI) accusing rival Harmony of being in breach of South African criminal laws.
NZ interest rates rise The cash rate in New Zealand now sits at 6.5 per cent after Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) again raised interest rates by 25 basis points, the sixth such increase since January 2004.
Shanghai Auto signs deal to buy Ssangyong Motor Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. China #39;s largest carmaker, yesterday reached a final contract with creditors of Ssangyong Motor Co.
Overseas Surfers Barred From Bush Poll Site Washington, Oct. 28 (NNN): Since Monday morning, surfers outside the US have been barred from visiting the official re-election site of President George Walker Bush.
ICANN Negotiates New Domains Internet users may soon see two new domain name suffixes in their browser window:  quot;.post quot; to identify the postal community and  quot;.
Exxon Mobil Profit Up 56 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest publicly traded oil company, on Thursday said quarterly  profit surged 56 percent, driven by soaring oil prices and  strong results from refining operations.
Bigger than the Boston tea party FOR the first time in 86 years, there was no last-minute home run and no fielding error to break the hearts of the Boston Red Sox fans.
Australia press for crucial win Nagpur - Simon Katich fell one run short of his century on Thursday as Australia moved toward a third Test win and their first series triumph on Indian soil in 35 years.
Vice chairman wants Wenger to stay for life Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein revealed he hoped Arsene Wenger would stay at the club for life after the manager agreed to extend his stay at Highbury.
Spaniard Lara stung into action at Volvo Masters Spain #39;s Jose Manuel Lara was the latest to be stung into action on the European Tour after another wasp struck -- this time at the Volvo Masters.
ICANN Negotiates New Domains (PC World) PC World - Net overseer moves toward approving industry-specific.post,.travel.
Andhra Pradesh to export farmers to East Africa (Reuters) Reuters - Andhra Pradesh plans to send hundreds of farmers to east Africa to cultivate farmland in countries such as Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda, officials said on Thursday.
Nigerian Protection Force Arrives in Darfur  EL-FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - A contingent of 50 Nigerian  soldiers arrived in Darfur on Thursday aboard a U.S. military  plane, the first of 3,000 extra African Union troops deployed  to monitor a shaky cease-fire in Sudan's western region.
Kroll Defends Arrested Employees International security consultant Kroll Inc. took out ads in Brazil's largest newspapers Thursday to defend five employees arrested amid allegations Kroll illegally spied in its probe of a bitter corporate dispute.
Oil slides again, dips below \$52 NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices tumbled again Thursday as traders anticipated lower demand from economic powerhouse China on the heels of an unexpectedly large rise in US crude inventories.
GLOBAL ECONOMY-China rate hike could avert global slowdown China #39;s hike in interest rates was a double-edged sword for many investors and economists. At one level, it suggested that Chinese growth is 
Road Trip: University of Wisconsin There are many reasons to jump around in Madison. For one, that scary good Badgers football team. By Adam Duerson. The Wisconsin Badgers football team raise their helmets during the start of the game.
Aetna Posts \$1.29 Billion in Earnings  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Aetna Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AET.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AET.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a  steep rise in quarterly profit as the health insurer boosted  its forecast for the rest of this year and gave a 2005 profit  estimate above analysts' views, pushing shares up 5 percent.
11 Iraqi troops executed, video shows BAGHDAD - An Iraqi extremist group has posted a video on its website showing the exceution of 11Iraqi troops who #39;d been taken hostage near Baghdad.
Pak. will not show  #39;unilateral flexibility #39; on Kashmir: Kasuri : Both Pakistan and India need to compromise over Kashmir, or else the issue will continue  quot;for another 100 years, quot; Pakistan #39;s Foreign Minister said today.
Grocer recovers from strike Shares of Albertsons fell more than 8 per cent to \$23.65 after the number two US supermarket chain missed quarterly earnings expectations and warned full-year profit would be at the low end of estimates.
Photo: Gateway's MP3 Photo Jukebox player The PC maker is coming out with its own hard-drive-based MP3 player--a miniature unit that displays color photos. \
U.K. government report cites merits of open source LONDON -- Open source software proponents received a potential boost from the U.K. government on Thursday with a release of a report citing the well-documented advantages on the server side, but also growing maturity on the desktop front.
Study: Firms see mixed results in outsourcing Survey of U.S. and European companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial functions to be cost effective.
News: Bush Web Site Bars Overseas Visitors The Bush-Cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the United States from viewing its Web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign's Internet address for six hours last week, according to computer security experts.\
Digital Agenda: 10 facts you should know about broadband President Bush and Sen. John Kerry's positions on the issue are closer than anticipated.
QuickTime, RealPlayer Patch Security Holes Flaws in media players could automatically download malicious code, let hackers in.
China Raises Interest Rates for First Time in 9 Years (Update6) China #39;s central bank jolted global financial markets by raising its benchmark interest rates for the first time in nine years to cool the world #39;s fastest-growing major economy.
DaimlerChrysler posts \$1.2 billion net profit The Auburn Hills-based Chrysler Group made a profit of \$269 million in the third quarter, even though worldwide sales and revenues declined, contributing to a \$1.
Gillette posts \$475M US profit in quarter on strong sales of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gillette Co. said Thursday its third-quarter profit rose 14 per cent as customers traded up to its premium-line shaving and dental care products and it sold more Duracell batteries due to the recent hurricanes.
King Pharmaceuticals profits drop, may restate returns BRISTOL, Tenn. Bristol-based King Pharmaceuticals is reporting a 74 percent drop in third-quarter profits, and says it #39;s evaluating whether to restate results because of a high level of product returns.
Limited Bush Web Access Drives Away US Voters Abroad Less than one week before the US presidential election, incumbent George W. Bush is denying access to potential voters who access his campaign website from foreign locations.
New MySQL Ready to Serve MySQL AB has made version 4.1 of its database software available to the public after months of testing customer production deployments.
FA to investigate Chelsea-West Ham violence after League Cup match The Football Association will investigate the crowd violence that marred Chelsea #39;s 1-0 win over West Ham in the League Cup. Mateja Kezman, who scored the only goal Wednesday night at Stamford 
Iran-UN Nuke Showdown Likely Iran is unlikely to accept European incentives aimed at getting it to suspend uranium enrichment, diplomats said Thursday, raising the likelihood of a showdown with the UN nuclear watchdog agency next month.
Editorial: Faint hope in Gaza Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has won parliamentary endorsement of a plan to remove all 8,000 Israeli settlers and the troops who protect them from the Gaza Strip.
Missing ballots heighten fears of renewed voting chaos in Florida (AFP) AFP - The bizarre disappearance of tens of thousands of ballots has fueled worries over Florida's ability to avert a repeat of the chaos of 2000, when Americans were kept guessing for 36 days who won the election.
Ryanair to repay illegal subsidy Budget airline Ryanair puts 4m euros into an account, in order to repay illegal subsidies should it lose a European court case.
Taylor Charged With DUI Free safety Sean Taylor was arrested by Virginia State Police on Thursday and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and refusing to take the alcohol breath test.
D'Backs to Open RFK Washington's new Major League Baseball franchise, the former Montreal Expos, is tentatively scheduled to play its first game in the District on April 15 against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Redskins' Taylor Arrested on DUI Charge (AP) AP - Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor was arrested early Wednesday on charges of driving under the influence and refusing a breathalyzer test.
AOL to give antivirus software away in Version 9 Citing the urgent need to protect its users from online threats, America Online Inc. (AOL) will begin bundling antivirus software from McAfee Inc. with the latest version of its software, AOL 9.0, according to a statement from the company.
Q amp;A on the new check-cashing law A federal law known as Check 21 takes effect Thursday, and whether that #39;s cause for celebration or commiseration is a matter of much debate.
Shell Pleases City with Anglo-Dutch Merger Oil giant Shell swept aside nearly 100 years of history today when it unveiled plans to merge its UK and Dutch parent companies. Shell said scrapping its twin-board structure 
Apple #39;s iPod Photo the next big thing SAN JOSE - Apple Computer has introduced its new iPod that allows users to view and share photos. At the same time it has opened nine new iTunes music stores in Europe, spurring its rivalry with Microsoft and others.
AMD digs into high growth markets with PIC AMD has teamed up with partners in India, Mexico and the Caribbean in an ambitious bid to equip half of the world #39;s population with internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015.
SanDisk ups capacity, again SanDisk has announced new, high-capacity versions of many of its flash card formats. New versions of both the miniSD and RS-MMC card formats now push the maximum capacity to 512 MB.
Australian govt #39;s senate win opens Telstra sale CANBERRA: Australia #39;s government cemented the most powerful mandate in nearly 25 years by winning control of the upper house, freeing it to push ahead with reforms such as the full sale of telecommunications group Telstra Corp Ltd.
Hawks Cut Lonny Baxter, Donnell Harvey (AP) AP - Forwards Lonny Baxter and Donnell Harvey were cut Thursday by Atlanta, reducing the Hawks' roster to 15 players.
Afghan vote count finally ends with Karzai a landslide winner (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan's protracted election vote count finally drew to a close with President Hamid Karzai the landslide victor, but an official declaration of his win still awaited the verdict of a fraud probe.
Less Drinking Hurts Coors, Molson Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - North American brewers Adolph Coors  Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RKY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RKY.N&lt;/A&gt; and Molson Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOLa.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOLa.TO&lt;/A&gt;, which have agreed to  merge, reported lower-than-expected quarterly profits on  Thursday on weak sales in their home markets.
Infocus: Trends in Web Application Security This article discusses current trends in penetration testing for web application security, and in particular discusses a framework for selecting the best tool or tools to use for these increasingly common type of application.
London shares close higher, as Amvescap, Shell offset a slide in miners (AFP) AFP - Leading shares managed to close just above the gain line, as an eight percent rise in Amvescap together with an easing of the oil price, offset a slide in heavyweight miners and a weak showing in New York, dealers said.
Iran-EU Talks to Resume Nov. 5 as Deadline Looms  VIENNA (Reuters) - Nuclear talks between the EU and Iran  will resume in Paris on Nov. 5 with Tehran facing a looming  deadline to agree to freeze uranium enrichment or risk referral  to the U.N. Security Council, diplomats said on Thursday.
AOL 9.0 Packs Antivirus Protection McAfee VirusScan Online will come bundled with AOL 9.0 Security Edition.
Cavs Pick Up Option on Drew Gooden (Reuters) Reuters - The Cleveland Cavaliers\Thursday picked up the team's 2005-06 contract option on\forward Drew Gooden.
CNNfn Network to Close by Mid-December  NEW YORK (Reuters) - CNNfn, the financial news cable  network owned by Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Thursday said it  will cease business operations by mid-December due to the  growing competitive challenges.
Explosion Hits Islamabad Hotel, Causes Casualties (Reuters) Reuters - An explosion hit the Marriott Hotel\in central Islamabad on Thursday, causing several casualties,\witnesses said.
Marsh reported near settlement The bid-rigging case against Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. likely will be settled for at least \$500 million, the Wall Street Journal reported Thursday.
DaimlerChrysler Returns to Profit; VW Reports Decline (Update1) DaimlerChrysler AG, the world #39;s fifth- biggest carmaker, reported a third-quarter profit as Chrysler #39;s US sales rose. Volkswagen AG #39;s earnings fell a seventh quarter in a row on higher sales incentives while Fiat SpA #39;s loss widened.
Battery Sales Power Gillette Net income rose 14 to \$475 million, or 47 cents a share, thanks to a 15 increase in sales at its Duracell battery unit, which benefited from the series of hurricanes that hit Florida and other parts of the Southeast US during the period.
DreamWorks Animation Shares Rise as Much as 41 (Update2) Shares in DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc., the producer of the Shrek movies, rose as much as 41 percent as investors bet the company can use \$700 million of proceeds from its initial stock sale to challenge Pixar Animation Studios.
Update 1: Coca-Cola Enterprises #39; Profit Falls Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. said Thursday its profit fell 20 percent in the third quarter, as volume was hurt by bad weather, a sluggish retail environment and a turn away from regular soft drinks.
Viacom Pegs \$8 Billion for Buyback Viacom (VIAB:NYSE - news - research) reported 4 revenue growth for the quarter, increased its dividend and put a size on the stock repurchase program long promised by CEO Sumner Redstone.
1,000 spyware programs and he didn #39;t know INTERNET users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by US researchers. They found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated anti-virus software 
Sox fans dress up to celebrate (Hartford-WTNH, Oct. 28, 2004 12:15 PM ) _ Connecticut Red Sox fans are already grabbing up those World Series shirts and hats. People are swarming local stores to get a piece of memorabilia.
Spanish pair claim Masters lead Sergio Garcia and Jose Manuel Lara lead the way after the first round of the Volvo Masters at Valderrama. The Spaniards carded four-under 67s to take a one-shot lead over England #39;s Brian Davis and Scot Alastair Forsyth.
Brazilian player collapses on field, game suspended Sao Caetano defender Serginho collapsed on the field after suffering an apparent cardio-respiratory arrest during the Brazilian championship match against Sao Paulo on Wednesday.
Valentine back in Japan for Autumn camp Lotte Marines manager Bobby Valentine is back in Japan to take part in his team #39;s Autumn training camp. Valentine, who had been mentioned as a possible candidate to replace Art Howe as manager 
Leeds stall takeover Leeds United have asked for proof of funding after considering a 25 million takeover deal headed by Sebastian Sainsbury. The Leeds board met this afternoon to discuss a proposed deal from a British-American 
China stops included in  #39;05 European Tour SOTOGRANDE, Spain -- The European Tour will feature three, and possibly four, tournaments in China next season. The new schedule, released Thursday at the Volvo Masters, begins Nov. 25-28 with the China Open in Shanghai.
Three Foreigners Kidnapped in Afghanistan Three foreign election workers were kidnapped by armed men in the Afghan capital Kabul on Thursday, government officials said. The workers were from Britain, the Philippines and Kosovo, the 
AOL Files Lawsuit Against IM 'Spim' (AP) AP - America Online Inc. said Thursday it had filed a federal lawsuit accusing numerous unnamed defendants of violating federal and state laws by sending bulk messages known as "spim" to instant message accounts and Internet chat rooms.
AOL 9.0 Packs Antivirus Protection (PC World) PC World - McAfee VirusScan Online will come bundled with AOL 9.0 Security Edition.
Liz Claiborne Earns Up, Raises Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Clothing maker and retailer Liz\Claiborne Inc. on Thursday posted a 14 percent increase in\third-quarter earnings, helped by its acquisition of ENYCE and\solid sales of brands such as Juicy Couture.
Liz Claiborne Earns Up, Raises Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clothing maker and retailer Liz  Claiborne Inc. on Thursday posted a 14 percent increase in  third-quarter earnings, helped by its acquisition of ENYCE and  solid sales of brands such as Juicy Couture.
Kerry Hammers Away on Explosives as Bush Shifts Focus Both candidates are making their final blitzes through several swing states in the waning hours of the campaign, delivering punchier and sharper critiques.
Shareholders OK Wachovia-SouthTrust Merger Shareholders of Wachovia Corp. and SouthTrust Corp. overwhelmingly approved a \$14.3 billion deal for Wachovia to acquire the Alabama-based bank on Thursday.
Gateway Launches Photo MP3 Player (PC World) PC World - MP3 Photo Jukebox features 1.6-inch color LCD and 4GB of storage.
It #39;s black  amp; red and signed by U2 To fend off increasing competition from other players, Apple Computer has retaliated with a secret weapon. It has introduced a new larger-capacity iPod with a colour display as well as a first-of-its-kind digital compendium of the rock band U2 #39;s songs.
Ballmer: Linux Can #39;t Compare to Windows Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has made a  quot;pre-emptive strike quot; against Linux, which is fast becoming a bigger thorn in the software giant #39;s side.
Dreamworks shares surge on debut Shares in Dreamworks Animation, the creators of Shrek and Shark Tale, jump 30 on their first day of trading. 
IDC: Handheld sales continue downward journey The firm attributes the overall decline to falling shipments from PalmOne and to the withdrawal of Sony and Toshiba from the U.S. market.
AMD debuts low-cost Net device Company's \$185 machine will debut in India, Mexico and Caribbean and feature browser, e-mail and word processor.
Photo 5 of 5: New forms for iPod rivals The PC maker is coming out with its own hard-drive-based MP3 player--a miniature unit that displays color photos. \
Delta chief warns that bankruptcy is possible Delta Air Lines #39; CEO is cautioning that a tentative pact reached with pilots for a billion dollars in concessions doesn #39;t guarantee the struggling carrier has avoided a possible bankruptcy filing.
New national check processing law takes effect Thurs. (New York-AP) Oct. 28, 2004 - Don #39;t write a check you can #39;t cover now. A new check processing system went into effect Thursday that speeds the time it takes for a check to clear.
US 30-,15-yr mortgage rates lowest since early Apr Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages fell to their lowest levels since early April, spurring more consumers to purchase their own homes, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
GMH Communities, ELong, Build-A-Bear also debut NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- DreamWorks Animation traded about 30 percent above its increased offering price as the creator of the hugely successful  quot;Shrek quot; movies drew a warm reception on Wall Street on Thursday.
AOL 9.0 Packs Antivirus Protection Citing the urgent need to protect its users from online threats, America Online will begin bundling antivirus software from McAfee with the latest version of its software, AOL 9.0, according to a statement from the company.
Special edition: Bono shows off his U2 iPod beside a regular model You can listen to all your favourite music on it ... now you can use it to look at your favourite pictures as well. A new breed of iPod has been unveiled by Apple as it tries to maintain its grip on the digital music player market.
Yahoo follows Google with mobile search service Yahoo Inc. has followed Google into the mobile-search arena, launching a service that allows wireless users to query its search engine over their handsets.
Tech giants launch mobile security specifications Intel, IBM and NTT DoCoMo have launched a security technology for mobile devices which they claim will bolster m-commerce services.
Truth  amp; Rumors: Oct. 28, 2004 Vikings owner Red McCombs backed away from some of the comments he made to SI. Contrary to what he told SI, McCombs said he has made no decision regarding the 2005 option on coach Mike Tice #39;s contract.
Watson out, Gillick interested in GM role Bob Watson has taken his name off the list of potential general manager candidates for the Washington baseball club. Watson says he met with Major League Baseball president Robert DuPuy on Wednesday and declined 
CNNfn Network to Close by Mid-December  NEW YORK (Reuters) - CNNfn, the financial news cable  network owned by Time Warner Inc., on Thursday said it will  cease business operations by mid-December due to the growing  competitive challenges.
Washington's Arrington, Hall Doubtful for Sunday  ASHBURN, Va. (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins  linebacker LaVar Arrington and kicker John Hall are listed as  doubtful for Sunday's game versus the Green Bay Packers.
India unveils policy to help make nation 'Internet superpower' (AFP) AFP - India announced the creation of a national Internet service hub to connect all service providers and boost web traffic in the country of one billion people.
Explosion in Islamabad's Marriott hotel, injuries: hotel employee (AFP) AFP - Several people were injured in a  quot;big quot; explosion at the Marriott hotel in the Pakistani capital of Islamabad, a hotel employee told AFP.
Kerry Uses Bush's Own Words to Call Him Unfit (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry\turned President Bush's own words into a weapon on Thursday and\said it was the Republican incumbent who had jumped to\conclusions in Iraq, disqualifying him from being commander in\chief.
Hitchhiker gets 1m web listeners A million people have listened to internet repeats of Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the BBC says.
PwC: Firms see mixed results in outsourcing Survey of U.S. and European companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial functions to be cost effective.
Natural gas modestly lower after weekly US data SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Crude-oil futures fell under \$52 for the first time in more than two weeks Thursday, reflecting concerns that China #39;s first interest-rate hike in nine years will ease energy demand.
China announces hike in interest rates for the first time in nine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China announced Thursday it will raise interest rates for most deposits and loans by more than a quarter point - the first rise in nine years - in a move to cool down the torrid Chinese economy.
Congressional act shortens check  #39;float time #39; Congress recently passed the  quot;Checks for the 21st Century Act quot; - also known as  quot;Check 21 quot; - and it goes into effect today.
DaimlerChrysler posts \$1.27 billion US profit after loss last year Automaking giant DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it earned nearly \$1.2 billion US in the third quarter on good performances from its financial services division and its US Chrysler arm, rebounding from a big loss a year ago when it had a 
AMD debuts low-cost Net device Advanced Micro Devices on Thursday formally announced a low-cost Internet device targeted at emerging markets. As reported earlier, AMD #39;s Personal Internet Communicator is designed to provide Net connectivity 
ICANN Approves .post and .travel October 28, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Two new domains, .post and .travel could appear next year after ICANN (icann.org), the organization that oversees the Internet address system, announced their preliminary approval on Wednesday, according 
No More Curse, But No Windfall Either NEW YORK - The curse is dead. Last night #39;s 3-0 win by the Boston Red Sox ended 85 years of World Series futility. Fans celebrated into the early morning, as they no longer have to endure chants of  quot;1918 quot; (the year of their last World Series win).
Leeds: No deal yet Leeds United #39;s board have asked for proof of funding after considering a 25million takeover deal headed by Sebastian Sainsbury.
Australia take firm grip on third Test against India : Sports India: Cricket  gt; Nagpur, Oct 28 : Australia Thursday took a firm grip on the third Test against India as the home bowlers looked completely ineffective, allowing the visitors to build an overall lead of 415 runs with two days still to go.
International charity CARE closes Iraq operations AMMAN, Oct 28 (AFP) - The international charity CARE has shut down its operations in Iraq following the abduction last week of its director there, Briton Margaret Hassan, spokesman Arnoud Hekkens said in Jordan Thursday.
Japan races against clock to free hostage in Iraq TOKYO, Oct 28 (AFP) - Japan raced against the clock Thursday to free a young Japanese hostage in Iraq but had little reason for hope hours before the deadline set by al-Qaeda-linked kidnappers for his killing.
Probe launched into fatal Russian mine blast An official inquiry has been launched into the deaths of 13 miners in an explosion at a pit near Russia #39;s border with Mongolia.
Gay Ordination: Obasanjo Backs African Bishops President Olusegun Obasanjo has praised Anglican bishops from Africa for what he called their principled stand against homosexuality.
Arafat to Fly to France for Medical Treatment  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Ailing leader Yasser  Arafat, the icon of the struggle for a Palestinian state, has  agreed to be flown to France on Friday for medical treatment,  Palestinian officials said.
Exxon Mobil Profit Up 56 Pct, Stock Off  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp., the world's largest  publicly traded oil company, on Thursday said quarterly profit  surged 56 percent, driven by soaring oil prices and strong  results from refining operations.
CNNfn Network to Close by Mid-December  NEW YORK (Reuters) - CNNfn, the financial news cable  network owned by Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Thursday said it  will cease business operations by mid-December, after fighting  a losing battle against the far larger rival CNBC.
Stocks Down After China Raises Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday as  investors took a breath after yesterday's broad-based rally and  a decision by China's central bank to raise interest rates for  the first time in nine years hit shares of companies that have  benefited from its rapid growth.
DreamWorks IPO opens at \$39.50 On Wednesday, the company #39;s shares (NYSE: DWA) were priced at \$28, according to media reports. That was above the \$23 to \$25 range predicted.
Update 6: DaimlerChrysler Posts 3Q Profit DaimlerChrysler AG reported third quarter profits of almost 1 billion euros on Thursday, rebounding from a year-earlier loss, thanks to a strong performance from a Chrysler division rejuvenated by new models like the 300C sedan and Dodge Magnum wagon.
Mercedes Dulls DaimlerChrysler's Profit  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - An earnings stumble at  DaimlerChrysler's Mercedes flagship tarnished higher profits at  the world's fifth-biggest automaker on Thursday and stoked  questions about the loss-making Smart compact's future.
Apple Share Price Tops \$50 Apple Computer #39;s stock price hit its highest level in four years, passing the \$50 mark. The company recently announced that it shipped more than two million of its wildly popular iPod music 
Yahoo Builds New Mobile Portal Yahoo! has announced the debut of a new suite of search services for mobile users at the CTIA conference. This new search offering enables mobile consumers to search for local information, images and Web resources on mobile devices.
George Bush Site Rejecting Visitors October 28, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to reports by research and analysis firm Netcraft (netcraft.com), earlier this week the official Web site for President George W. Bush began rejecting visitors from outside the United States 
AMD Introduces Low-Cost Net Access Device in India  BOMBAY (Reuters) - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; has introduced a low-cost Internet access device  that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time  technology users in the developing world.
Aussies dominate in Nagpur A knock of 99 from Simon Katich lifted Australia into a commanding position in the third Test against India in Nagpur. At the close of play on day three, Australia were on 202 for the loss off three wickets 
I Can See My House From Here Google buys a mapquest of its own. Also: Sharp takes us to the future of television in 3-D   hellip;.  PayPal finds a way to make amends for mistakes   hellip;. and more.
Redskins Rookie Taylor Arrested on DUI Charges (Reuters) Reuters - Washington Redskins rookie\safety Sean Taylor was arrested on charges of driving under the\influence of alcohol and also refusing to take a breathalyzer\test.
AMD Introduces Low-Cost Net Access Device in India (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices\Inc.  has introduced a low-cost Internet access device\that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time\technology users in the developing world.
New Technology Powers Fuel Cells (PC World) PC World - Smaller, cheaper, more robust notebook fuel cells could be available in 2006.
CNNfn Network to Close by Mid-December (Reuters) Reuters - CNNfn, the financial news cable\network owned by Time Warner Inc. , on Thursday said it\will cease business operations by mid-December, after fighting\a losing battle against the far larger rival CNBC.
Deutsche Bank Board Member Quits (AP) AP - A long-serving member of Deutsche Bank AG's supervisory board announced he was quitting Thursday in a dispute over strategy, Germany's biggest bank said.
Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian Girl (AP) AP - Israeli troops on Thursday shot and killed an 8-year-old Palestinian girl who was on her way to school in a Gaza Strip refugee camp, while Palestinian militants fired mortars at a Jewish settlement, injuring nine people, witnesses and officials said.
Tennis Star Magnus Norman Retires (AP) AP - Magnus Norman retired from tennis Thursday because of hip and knee injuries after a career in which he reached No. 2 in the rankings and was the 2000 French Open runner-up.
Supporters say Truscott has been an inspiration of calm, quiet strength (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - It's the apparent absence of any bitterness or anger that makes Steven Truscott remarkable, his supporters say.
Redskins Rookie Taylor Arrested on DUI Charges  ASHBURN, Va. (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins rookie  safety Sean Taylor was arrested on charges of driving under the  influence of alcohol and also refusing to take a breathalyzer  test.
Sweden's Former French Open Finalist Norman Retires  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Sweden's former French Open finalist  Magnus Norman announced his retirement Friday, citing a string  of injuries for his decision.
Arafat's Health Reported to Improve Doctors were arriving from Arab countries to treat the ailing Yasir Arafat at his West Bank compound today, though associates said his condition was stable.
Henman Battles Into Basel Quarterfinals  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - British second seed Tim  Henman came through an unexpectedly tough second round match  with South Africa's Wesley Moodie to reach the quarterfinals of  the Swiss Indoors tournament Thursday.
Barely a Contest Among 53 House Races (AP) AP - The five candidates vying to unseat Democratic Rep. Sam Farr of California have little in common  #151; except their office address and the likelihood they will lose.
India farmers may be Africa bound The government of the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh considers plans to send farmers to East Africa.
IDC: Handheld sales continue to slide The research firm cites a decline in shipments from PalmOne and the withdrawal of Sony from the U.S. market.
As iPod evolves, rivals strive to keep pace roundup \Gateway switches on a combo music-photo device two days after Apple debuts its own image-ready iPod.
New Technology Powers Fuel Cells Smaller, cheaper, more robust notebook fuel cells could be available in 2006. 
Delta trading takes off after pilots give up \$1 billion Shares of Delta Airlines are taking off in record trading on the New York Stock Exchange Thursday morning, after the company and its pilots agreed to a deal the parties hope will signal a return to better times.
Yahoo Expands Search Wars to Mobile Service Yahoo COO Dan Rosenweig called the mobile effort a  quot;crucial step quot; in the development of relevant search products and said it is intended to take advantage of the growing base of its existing 
Sony Pegs PSP Price Under US\$200 Ken Kutaragi, an executive with Sony #39;s game business, denied that competition from Nintendo DS influenced the low PSP price. He said the price was possible because about half of PSP #39;s parts, including the main computer chip, are produced internally.
Stargazers enjoy total lunar eclipse The Earth #39;s last total lunar eclipse for nearly two and a half years didn #39;t disappoint. Baltimore resident Davis Sherman visited the Maryland Science Center with his 15-year 
Smaller, more powerful PC fuel cell is on the way A new fuel cell for notebook PCs, more compact and powerful than competing technologies, could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around US\$90, its Japanese inventors said Tuesday.
MySQL Version 4.1 Certified as Production Ready MySQL AB, developer of the world #39;s most popular open source database, today announced the general availability of MySQL 4.1.
Brazilian ace dies Brazilian defender Serginho today died in hospital after collapsing during a match between his team Sao Caetano and Sao Paulo. Serginho fell to the ground in the 60th minute with the ball at the other end of the pitch.
Parker #39;s contract negotiations on hold The Express-News #39; Johnny Ludden reports that Tony Parker has ended his contract talks with the Spurs. The Spurs have offered Parker a six-year, \$64 million contract, but he is holding out for a better deal.
Watson doesn #39;t want to be DC team #39;s GM Bob Watson does not want to be the Washington baseball team #39;s interim general manager, despite the efforts of Major League Baseball officials to convince him to take the job.
Shrek Maker Dreamworks Charms Wall Street  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Star-struck Wall Street gave a  dazzling welcome to DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DWA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DWA.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday, sending shares of the animated film maker up more  than 35 percent in their market debut.
EU Treaty Signing Overshadowed by Buttliglione Crisis Tony Blair will tomorrow join other European Union leaders in Rome amid the growing crisis over the appointment of a new Brussels Commission.
British-Irish Woman Kidnapped in Afghanistan A UN election worker with dual British and Irish nationality was among three foreigners kidnapped in Afghanistan today. The three were seized at gunpoint in the capital Kabul this morning sparking fears of Iraq-style atrocities.
Israel #39;s Gaza pull outplan Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon might feel relieved at the support of his party members and largely his opponents in the parliament to the controversial Gaza pullout plan, but whether it means the end of violence in the region is a worry that will 
Kidd Cleared to Do Some Work on Court (AP) AP - Jason Kidd was cleared for individual noncontact drills to get his surgically repaired left knee ready for the Nets' season.
Arctic Birds Use Scent to Find Their Mates (AP) AP - Antarctic birds returning to a nesting colony after feeding at sea sniff out their mates, literally. Researchers studying the behavior of birds called Antarctic prions found the musky-smelling birds were able to discern the scent of their mates.
Blast at Marriott hotel in Pakistan's capital, several injured (AFP) AFP - Several people were injured in a  quot;big quot; explosion at the Marriott hotel in the Pakistani capital of Islamabad, a hotel employee told AFP.
Framing the Electoral College The framers of the Constitution may not have created the perfect system for electing a National Executive, but the Electoral College works. However, just as we still debate the virtue of a Direct Election today, so too did the framers at the Constitutional Convention in 1787.  Among the framers that spoke on the subject were James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, James Wilson, Gouverneur Morris, and Charles Pinckney. The latter three served on the committee responsible for discussing the powers of and the election of the National Executive. What did they have to say about a Direct Election and how did they come to choose the Electoral College instead?
CNNfn Shutting Down CNN said Thursday it will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt to compete with CNBC after nine years.
Henman Battles Into Basel Quarter-Finals  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - British second seed Tim  Henman came through an unexpectedly tough second round match  with South Africa's Wesley Moodie to reach the quarter-finals  of the Swiss Indoors tournament Thursday.
USC-UCLA Notebook: Killeen comes through in the clutch for the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If USC was going to have an off day in special teams play, fans would be quick to predict it would be their third-year kicker as the culprit.
Delta dodges bankruptcy with labor deal Deal cuts pilots #39; pay by one third, saves \$1Ba year, avoids bankruptcy at No. 3 airline -- for now. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Delta Air Lines #39; pilots union said early Thursday it had reached a tentative agreement 
JetBlue #39;s profit plunges on fuel prices, competition NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) -- JetBlue Airways Corp. said Thursday its profit plunged 71 percent in the third quarter, cut sharply by industry competition, record-high fuel prices and the effects of hurricanes.
CNNfn network to close CNNfn, the financial news cable network owned by Time Warner Inc., said Thursday it will cease business operations by mid-December due to growing competitive challenges.
Auburn likely bound for Sugar Bowl The Georgia Dome was a sea of orange Saturday night, thanks to the school pride being donned by fans of both Auburn and Tennessee.
Today's Pop Stars in It for the URLs (Reuters) Reuters - British rock band Marillion has gone a step further. Since\striking off on its own in 2000, the group has used its online\site, http://marillion.com, to raise over 500,000 pounds\( #36;913,200) from fans to finance its last two albums and support\its first North American tour since 1995.
You're from WHERE!!!!???? When I recently called up my local DSL provider, there was no doubt about the location of the person at the other end of the line. Offshoring blog
Hartson double boosts Celts A double from top scorer John Hartson - his 14th and 15th goals of the Scottish Premier League season - fired Celtic back to the top of the SPL table for 24 hours at least on Saturday afternoon.
U.S. Eases Some Travel Rules for Nepal (AP) AP - The State Department on Tuesday relaxed departure rules for nonessential U.S. Embassy employees and their families in Nepal but reiterated its advice for Americans to defer travel to the Himalayan country.
Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Seriously ailing  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat agreed on Thursday to be  rushed to a French hospital as fears grew for the icon of the  struggle for a Palestinian state.
DreamWorks stock soars on Wall Street LOS ANGELES - DreamWorks Animation Inc., the film studio behind  quot;Shrek quot; and  quot;Shark Tales, quot; went public Thursday on Wall Street, and its new stock immediately shot up 36 percent.
US Airways Reports \$232 Million Loss ARLINGTON, Va. -- Bankrupt US Airways says it lost \$232 million dollars July through September, more than twice as much as a year ago.
JetBlue Profit Tumbles, Misses Estimates JetBlue Airways Corp. (JBLU.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said third-quarter earnings plunged 71 percent, missing analysts #39; lowered estimates, as it struggled with skyrocketing 
Viacom Profit Rises on CBS Ads; Plans \$8 Bln Buyback (Update9) Viacom Inc., the third-largest US media company, said third-quarter profit from continuing operations rose 12 percent, boosted by advertising gains at CBS and MTV.
Sony Announces PlayStation Portable Price The PlayStation Portable, or PSP, goes on sale in Japan on December 12th. Prices for the United States and Europe are still undecided, although overseas sales are 
Bush Campaign Web Site Blocking Foreign Access  quot;Last week #39;s simultaneous outages of GeorgeWBush.com and RNC.org prompted speculation that an electronic attack may have occurred, as the two sites are hosted on separate Web servers, quot; Netcraft analyst Rich Miller said.
Henman Battles Into Basel Quarterfinals British second seed Tim Henman came through an unexpectedly tough second round match with South Africa #39;s Wesley Moodie to reach the quarterfinals of the Swiss Indoors tournament Thursday.
Backman no longer interested in job com. Wally Backman, whom New York general manager Omar Minaya was scheduled to interview Thursday in St. Louis, withdrew his name from consideration for the Mets #39; vacant managerial position.
AMD introduces low-cost Net access device in India (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. has introduced a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
Three Iraqis were killed in Falluja, London studies hostage #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The American army killed three persons today at dawn in a raid launched by its warplanes against al-Golan quarters in Falluja to the west of Baghdad.
Lots Of Interest in Lucene Desktop \\I've made a few passive mentions of my Lucene  Desktop prototype here on\PeerFear in the last few days and I'm amazed how much feedback I've had.  People\really want to start work on an Open Source desktop search based on Lucene.\\* Current Status *\\I have a prototype implemented that runs from the console and accepts a given\directory to index and writes it to /.lucene-desktop.  It then has a console\searcher that returns the output in grep format:\\file:rank\\I'm trying to get keyword in context to work but I haven't had a chance to hack\on this recently.  I need another 30 minutes to integrate the Lucene Highlighter\and then I should be done.\\At this point I will return:\\file:rank:hit ...\\
Review: 'Konga' Great for House Parties (AP) AP - Nintendo has created what could be the ultimate house party video game with "Donkey Konga." It's the first title designed to work with the company's new DK Bongo controller. The plastic device looks like a real bongo drum and up to four of them can be plugged into a GameCube.
AOL Files Lawsuit Against IM Spam America Online Inc. said Thursday it had filed a federal lawsuit accusing numerous unnamed defendants of violating federal and state laws by sending bulk messages known as "spim" to instant message accounts and Internet chat rooms.
Millions in Americas Watch Lunar Eclipse (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of people in the Americas\stayed up on Wednesday to observe a total lunar eclipse that\bathed the moon in a coppery red glow and gave scientists a\chance to study the Earth's atmosphere.
Scientists Hope to Find More Tiny Indonesia Hominids (Reuters) Reuters - Australian scientists who found a new\species of hobbit-sized humans who lived about 13,000 years ago\on an Indonesian island said on Thursday they expect to\discover more new species of hominids on neighboring islands.
Ancient Star Dust May Point to Human Origins-Study (Reuters) Reuters - Star dust found deep beneath the\Pacific Ocean has led German scientists to speculate that a\supernova explosion 3 million years ago might possibly have\helped bring about human evolution.
Scientists Mystified by Images of Titan's Surface (Reuters) Reuters - NASA scientists studying images\from the Cassini spacecraft's encounter with Saturn's moon\Titan, said on Wednesday they were mystified by masses of\bright and dark material and surprised at the celestial body's\apparent youthful surface.
Royal Dutch/Shell Announces Merger (AP) AP - The Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos. unveiled plans Thursday to merge its two holding companies after nearly a century apart, a response to a scandal over its downgrading of oil reserves. The company, which posted third-quarter profits double those of a year ago, also warned it might further reduce its proven oil reserves.
Iraq Expected to Dog Next U.S. President (Reuters) Reuters - The Iraq war that might have been\President Bush's defining glory may instead turn out to be his\Achilles heel -- or Democratic candidate Sen. John Kerry's\complex inheritance.
Mauresmo Joins Zvonareva in Linz Quarterfinals  VIENNA (Reuters) - World number two Amelie Mauresmo  shrugged off a thigh strain to cruise into the last eight of  the Linz Open with a 6-4, 6-0 win over Marta Domachowska  Thursday.
 quot;Hobbits quot; Found In Indonesia Exploding through the newsnets is the discovery of the remains of seven members of a tiny, previously unknown human species that survived until at least 13,000 years ago, and perhaps co-existed with modern humans right up to the present day.  Adult Homo Florensiensis, nicknamed "Hobbits" by the dig workers who helped uncover the remains at the Liang Bua cave on the island of Flores in Indonesia, were about the size of a three-year-old modern human child, but had a brain one-third the size. Stone tools and pygmy elephant bones found at the site indicate that these "Hobbits" hunted co-operatively together in groups, meaning that they must have had language. "The whole idea that you need a particular brain size to do anything intelligent is completely blown away by this find," commented Dr Henry Gee of Nature magazine to the BBC.
Delta Air Lines averts bankruptcy with pilot deal, faces more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (AFP) - Delta Air Lines appeared to have averted imminent bankruptcy with a cost-saving deal with its pilots union, but still faces challenges ahead, analysts said.
The  #39;Float #39; Is Gone As  #39;Check 21 #39; Goes Into Effect SEATTLE - Next time you write a check, be prepared for the money to come out of your account in record time. A new law gives banks access to your money within hours.
UPDATE 1-UAL posts narrower third-quarter net loss Bankrupt UAL Corp. (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a narrower third-quarter net loss. The parent of United Airlines posted a loss of \$274 million, or 
UPDATE 3-ArvinMeritor to divest \$1 bln in operations Automotive parts supplier ArvinMeritor Inc. (ARM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it plans to sell two businesses that account for about \$1 
CNNfn going off the air CNN has reported plans to shut down its CNNfn network in mid-December, cutting 60 jobs in the process. Some of the financial news network #39;s programming will shift over to CNN.
Polish PM refuses talks on Iraq kidnapping Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka said Thursday his country would not enter into negotiations with the kidnappers of a Polish woman in Iraq.
Militants  #39;kill 11 Iraqi guards #39; An Islamic militant group has claimed on its website to have killed 11 Iraqi national guardsmen it kidnapped near Baghdad last week.
Kerry and Bush Congratulate Red Sox (AP) AP - Count Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts among those Boston baseball fans who have waited a lifetime to see the Red Sox win the World Series. President Bush says he's excited, too.
DreamWorks IPO Surges DreamWorks #39; IPO was expected to raise more than US\$812 million in the first IPO by a major movie studio in seven years. Earlier this month, the company debuted  quot;Shark Tale, quot; and it has become a hit generating 
Carling Cup has its uses For some the Carling Cup is a dull and meaningless sideshow during the English football season and there would be no tears if it was scrapped off the calendar.
Owens keeps focus amid endless sideshows Press conference day. The cameras line up and point at Terrell Owens and there Owens sits with a smile on his face, baseball cap on backwards with terrellowens.
Lafleur says locked out league should declare bankruptcy, start &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DARTMOUTH, NS (CP) - Hockey legend Guy Lafleur believes the National Hockey League should declare bankruptcy and start over again.
PM #39;s Senate win opens Telstra sale CANBERRA - Australia #39;s Government cemented the most powerful mandate in nearly 25 years by winning control of the Upper House, freeing it to push ahead with reforms such as the full sale of telecommunications group Telstra.
Remorse-stricken Norwegian pays hotel bill 24 years late (AFP) AFP - A remorse-stricken Norwegian has finally settled a hotel bill 24 years after he decamped without paying, the management of the Hotel Clarion in the city of Kristiansand said.
DreamWorks Animation Charms Wall Street  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Star-struck Wall Street gave a  dazzling welcome to DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. on Thursday,  sending shares of the animated film maker up more than 35  percent in their market debut.
CNNfn Network to Close by Mid-December  NEW YORK (Reuters) - CNNfn, the financial news cable  network owned by Time Warner Inc., on Thursday said it will  cease operating by mid-December, after fighting a losing battle  against the far larger rival CNBC.
OPEC asks US to tap its reserve OPEC #39;s president said yesterday the United States should tap into its emergency petroleum reserve to help lower oil prices.  quot;We have asked the United States to use their oil reserves 
UPDATE 2-UAL posts narrower loss despite higher fuel costs Bankrupt UAL Corp. (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) parent of United Airlines, on Thursday reported a narrower third-quarter net loss even though fuel costs rose more than 56 percent for the world #39;s No.
Yahoo Takes Search to the Airwaves (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) is rolling out wireless search capabilities, extending the Internet portal's desktop services to the mobile masses and attempting to hold off the challenge from search-engine giant Google.
Apple Share Price Tops  #36;50 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Wall Street apparently has rewarded Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL), both for its fiscal 2004 fourth-quarter numbers and for its latest iPod and iTunes offerings: Apple's share price as of midday Thursday is just over US #36;50, its highest price in four years, and almost  #36;12 higher than its average share price the previous month.
Ballmer: Linux Can't Compare to Windows (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With CEO Steve Ballmer as the point man, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has taken the\offensive in its ongoing confrontation with Linux and the open-source\community.
Novell responds to Microsoft email Novell, responding to Steve Ballmer #39;s latest attack on Linux, is accusing Microsoft of selectively using biased reports to back up its claims.
Low Price Set for Sony Games Console Sony has set a price of 19,800 yen (US\$186) for its new multimedia handheld games console, the Playstation Portable -- a much lower price than analysts had predicted.
New Video Game Stirs Up Controversy It #39;s a long way from pac-man.  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot;, the latest installment of the popular criminal craze video game, is now on the streets firing up new debate.
SOE to launch web-based community service Station Players will allow Sony #39;s online MMO customers to meet and greet online; set to launch alongside EverQuest II. Sony Online Entertainment today announced a Web-based service that will allow players 
Individual acts undermining union #39;s argument In a pitched battled with the league #39;s owners over a new collective bargaining agreement, NHL players have, for the most part, presented a strong, united front that suggests it will be a very 
Arafat to fly to Paris for urgent medical treatment Ramallah, West Bank: Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is to fly to France from his West Bank headquarters to treat what doctors have described as a potentially fatal blood disorder.
Coors' Glass Half Full The brewery, struggling with domestic weakness, falls short of its earnings target.
Cardinal's Good News: No News Cardinal Health took a major step toward rehabilitating itself with the release of its 10-K.
Is Verizon's Call Waiting? Wireless revenues make up for lackluster landlines, but the industry at large is still on hold.
Asking Is Too Much for Jeeves An unsatisfactory conference call and disappointing forecasts send the search engine's shares tumbling.
CNNfn Network to Close by Mid-December  NEW YORK (Reuters) - CNNfn, the financial news cable  network owned by Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Thursday said it  will cease operating by mid-December, after fighting a losing  battle against the far larger rival CNBC.
Delta: Workers Sigh With Relief Workers at Delta Air Lines breathed a sigh of relief Thursday after hearing the news the airline #39;s pilots union agreed to \$1 billion in wage and benefits concessions.
ArvinMeritor to sell some operations ArvinMeritor Inc. (NYSE: ARM), a Troy, Mich.-based auto parts manufacturer, announced Thursday that it plans to divest its interest in two businesses.
Cassini Probe Illuminates Saturn #39;s Moon The photos sent back from the international Cassini spacecraft were taken during a flyby that took it within 745 miles of Titan. Scientists at NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory declared themselves 
ICANN Moves To Approve  #39;.travel #39; and  #39;.post #39; The two new names reflect a bit of a shift in the naming structure, since they are designed for specific business or interest groups.
EverQuest II dated Sony Online Entertainment today announced that EverQuest II, the long-awaited sequel to SOE #39;s massively multiplayer online role-playing game, will ship simultaneously to North American and European retail stores on November 8. Four years in development 
Schilling coming to Verizon with President Bush Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling will accompany President George W. Bush to his campaign stops in Manchester and Portsmouth on Friday.
Kezman Vows to Hit the Goal Trail Mateja Kezman believes he can go on a goalscoring spree after finally opening his account for Chelsea. The former PSV Eindhoven striker scored the matchwinner in the 57th minute 
Henman manages to see off Moodie Britain #39;s Tim Henman had to work hard before overcoming South African Wesley Moodie in the second round of the Swiss Indoors in Basle.
Redskins #39; Taylor Arrested on DUI Charge Photo released Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004 by the Fairfax County, Va. Police Department of Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor who was arrested Thursday on charges of driving under the influence and refusing 
Iraq ; Margaret Hassan calla upon Britain to quit Iraq Iraq News, DUBAI - Iraqi-British hostage Margaret Hassan has again urged Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq and also to free Iraqi women prisoners, Al Jazeera television reports.
Zim parly upholds jail sentence Harare - The Zimbabwean parliament on Thursday voted to uphold a prison sentence on leading opposition white lawmaker Roy Bennett for shoving Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa to the ground during a heated debate in May.
Oil Slumps Below \$51 a Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices extended a two-day slide on  Thursday that has sliced more than 8 percent from the cost of a  barrel, as rising U.S. crude supplies eased fears of a winter  fuel crunch and China moved to slow its runaway economic  growth.
Liquid 'suggested' on Titan Scientists examining pictures sent back from the Cassini spacecraft think they may be closer to showing there is liquid on Saturn's moon Titan.
China Hikes Interest Rates China's central bank on Thursday raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, signaling deepening unease with the breakneck pace of development and an intent to reign in a construction boom now sowing fears of runaway inflation.
Flaws found in Windows-based media players Microsoft Windows users need to watch out for several flaws in non-Microsoft media players.
Brazil Race Debrief: Fernandos sterling drive Once more, the eighteenth race of the season provided a perfect illustration of the young Spaniards tenacity and never-say-die spirit. Heres how
Turmoil Clouds EU Constitution Ceremony (AP) AP - Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Thursday sought to ease conflict over his proposed executive team, as the turmoil threatened to cloud solemn ceremonies for the signing of the European Union's proposed constitution.
Ivory Coast Rebels Warn War Could Start Again  BOUAKE, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - Rebels in Ivory Coast said  on Thursday they were withdrawing from a long-delayed  disarmament process, warning that the war that broke out in the  world's top cocoa grower in 2002 could start again soon.
AOL, E-Mail Companies Sue Spammers The nation's largest e-mail providers today filed a new round of lawsuits against Internet spammers allegedly responsible for shoveling millions of junk e-mail messages into computer users' in-boxes and their instant messaging screens. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Spitzer Denies Wall Street Journal Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer, who is suing insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; on fraud and bid-rigging charges, said on Thursday  negotiations with the company have just begun and no settlement  value has yet been discussed.
Delta still not out of the woods in terms of avoiding bankruptcy Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative pilot deal on concessions and much-needed breathing room. But it has not detailed the progress of its key debt restructuring efforts.
Stocks Extend Rally As Oil Prices Plummet Stocks extended their rally for a second session Wednesday as investors expressed relief over plummeting oil prices following a government report that showed a build in crude inventories.
China raises interest rates for first time in nine years Beijing, Oct. 28 (PTI): China today raised its interest rates for the first time in nine years to consolidate macro economic adjustment and ensure healthy growth of the economy, the apex bank said here.
Ovitz: Disney Execs Knew of Agency Pact GEORGETOWN, Del. - Michael Ovitz, Walt Disney Co. #39;s former president, said Thursday it was  quot;common knowledge quot; while he was at Disney that he was receiving payments for selling his stake in the talent agency he co-founded.
DaimlerChrysler reports \$1.2 billion profit after loss last year Bolstered by strong sales of new models, Chrysler earned \$269 million in the third quarter, up from \$171 million a year ago, outperforming its larger US rivals in North America.
Fiat #39;s Overall Loss Widens Fiat SpA #39;s overall net loss widened in the third quarter, and the company #39;s key auto unit slightly narrowed its losses, the Italian automaker said Thursday.
Yahoo Mobile Offers Search on the Go Yahoo #39;s new Mobile Internet service lets users obtain localized search results on specific businesses, access maps, and make calls from the results page.
AMD Hopes PIC Unlocks High-Growth Markets  quot;The PIC is being sold to consumers through service providers, like VSNL, which is a different approach for computing devices, quot; said Shane Rau of IDC.
WiMax: Latest trend, or hype? SAN FRANCISCO: At virtually every turn, Intel Corp executives are heaping praise on an emerging, long-range wireless technology known as WiMAX, which can blanket entire cities with high-speed Internet access.
Intel, IBM , DoCoMo push mobile device security LONDON - Japanese mobile operator NTT DoCoMo, Intel and IBM have started promoting a jointly developed specification for increasing the security of mobile commerce applications.
Enjoy it while you have it, Red Sox Nation It looks like the Ghost of the Babe can now sleep forever. Last night the Boston Red Sox fully exorcized The Curse of the Bambino.
2005 Tour route is announced With a single individual time trial on the penultimate day in St Etienne and fewer finishes at high altitude, July #39;s Tour could be a little less demanding than in recent years and give the likes of Jan Ullrich and Joseba Beloki more recovery time.
Sixers exercise Salmons #39; option PHILADELPHIA (Ticker) - Guard John Salmons had his fourth-year option exercised by the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday, keeping him with the club through the 2005-06 season.
Coaches share mutual respect New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick has won two of the past three Super Bowls, but he may be the only coach in the NFL who has motivated his team by employing Boston Celtics great Bill Russell and cartoon characters.
Mum #39;s the word The tantalizing topic of Terrell Owens was dangled before the Ravens #39; ravenous defense Wednesday. Instead, they focused on facing an Eagles offense that #39;s eating the league alive.
New Washington Stadium Will Cost More, Mayor Told (Reuters) Reuters - A new stadium for Major League\Baseball in Washington D.C. will cost around  #36;90 million more\than the mayor expects, the city's independent chief financial\officer told the City Council Thursday.
Russian mine explosion kills 13 Thirteen miners have been killed in an explosion in a coal mine in Siberia, according to Russian officials. The Emergencies Ministry said 90 miners working in the Listvyazhnaya mine in the Kuzbass coalfield had now been rescued, including 23 injured.
Zimbabwe MP arrested over brawl A Zimbabwe opposition MP who assaulted a minister in parliament has been arrested trying to leave the country. A parliamentary committee recommended on Wednesday that Roy Bennett be jailed for a year after 
Delta's Stock Takes Off After Pilot Deal   ATLANTA (Reuters) - Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  jumped on Thursday after the company and its pilots union  reached a tentative contract that will save the cash-strapped  carrier \$1 billion a year.
Mauresmo, Sugiyama Reach Quarterfinals (AP) AP - Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo reached the quarterfinals of the Generali Ladies Open by beating Polish teenager Marta Domachovska 6-4, 6-0 Thursday.
Strong inventories send crude oil prices lower the steepest one-week plunge since the post September 11 period -- caught energy market observers by surprise. Speculators, who 
Investors Stirred, Not Shaken by China (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. investors, spooked early on\Thursday by fears that China's first interest rate hike in\nearly a decade would cool the country's booming economy,\recovered their nerve in midday trading on the view that any\threat to American manufacturers would be short-lived.
Big Hurt Remaining with White Sox for 2005  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - Chicago White Sox slugger Frank  Thomas will remain with the team for 2005 after he exercised an  \$8 million option in his contract.
Kerry and Bush Tangle on Explosives, Character (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Kerry attacked\President Bush's "shifting explanations" on missing explosives\in Iraq on Thursday, but Bush said Kerry lacked the conviction\and consistency to lead the nation at a time of war.
Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Gravely ill Palestinian  leader Yasser Arafat agreed on Thursday to be rushed to a  French hospital as fears grew for the icon of the struggle for  a Palestinian state.
CNNfn going off the air NEW YORK - CNN will shut down its CNNfn financial news network in mid-December after nine years on the air. Available to about 30 million US households, CNNfn could also be seen in Canada by viewers with grey market satellite dishes.
Ballmer Takes Anti-Linux Campaign to IT Executive E-mail List Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer took the company #39;s anti-Linux campaign to its IT executive e-mail list on Wednesday afternoon, with a 2,600-word message that restated Microsoft #39;s well-worn case against open source software.
French Market Watchdog Weighs Vivendi (AP) AP - France's market watchdog questioned the current and former heads of Vivendi Universal SA on Thursday in a final hearing before it decides on sanctions for misleading financial communications allegedly published by the company between 2000 and 2002.
Informer (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Xinhua Financial Network, affiliate of the Chinese government's Xinhua propaganda arm, has asked a New York federal court to block an InternalRevenue Service summons for records concerning Loretta Fredy Bush (no kin to W.), an expatriate U.S. entrepreneur from Utah who has overseen XFN's overseas expansion (Feb. 16). The summons seeks records from United Business Media, the British parent of PRNewswire, which also owns part of XFN. ...
Location, Location, Location (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The latest Federal Reserve Survey of Consumer Finances shows that Americans invest their taxable accounts and their tax-deferred accounts--their 401(k)s and Individual Retirement Accounts--almost identically, devoting just over two-thirds of each to stocks. Those who do this are stupid. They should put bonds into the sheltered accounts and stocks into the taxable accounts.
Penny-Pinched (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Faced with a choice between quality and quantity, FAMILY DOLLAR (27, FDO) chose the latter. The decision isn't paying off. A fast-growing, 5,500-store retailer that sells most of its wares (food, housewares, toys) for less than  #36;10, Family Dollar suffers from  understocked and disheveled outlets.
Other Comments (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - China is embarking on its first full-fledged United Nations peacekeeping mission. A group of 125 Chinese police officers will soon arrive in Haiti. The Carib-bean-bound officers of the People's Armed Police were rigorously chosen. During their three-month training, they were given lessons in French (but not Creole, the language most commonly used in Haiti). More importantly, they were brought up to speed on international norms of peacekeeping, with instructions on how to maintain order, diplomatic protocols and human rights.
The Good Old Days (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - My favorite gadget isn't to be found in the collection featured on the cover. Bruce Upbin, who put these vignettes together, wanted something newfangled, and the Singer model 201 sewing machine I got from a second-hand shop didn't qualify. But it's quite a marvel of mechanical ingenuity and as deserving of a testimonial as those cell phones and iPod docking stations (see p. 72).
Dialing for Tech Dollars (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Selling a  #36;1 million server software requires more finesse than selling a Crock-Pot, right? Maybe not. Some of the biggest names in technology, like Cisco Systems, Microsoft, BEA Systems and PeopleSoft, now use a tactic traditionally reserved for unwitting consumers after 6 p.m.: the cold call.
Nigerian soldiers head to Sudan's troubled Darfur region (AFP) AFP - A US Air Force transport plane landed at El-Fashir airport in northern Darfur bringing the first Nigerian contingent of a reinforced African Union truce-monitoring force to the troubled region, officials said.
Bench-Pressed (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Benchmarks are a big part of how investors make decisions. Each quarter investors pore over the results from individual stocks, mutual funds and other types of portfolios--and then compare them to an index, a broad basket of stocks in their category. If a stock or fund trails the benchmark's performance for only a quarter, a distressing number of investors sell. Bad idea.
Stocks Inch Up, Oil Drop Offset by China  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished marginally higher  on Thursday after a drop in crude oil prices to near \$50 a  barrel was offset by China's first rate increase in nine years,  which triggered a sell-off in metals and mining stocks.
Brain Scans May Unlock Candidates' Appeal (AP) AP - Applying some of the same brain-scan technology used to understand Alzheimer's and autism, scientists are trying to learn what makes a Republican's mind different from a Democrat's.
Daimler-Chrysler Waiting for Mercedes No. 5 automaker hurt by slow Mercedes sales, but Chrysler remains steady.
All That Glitters Isn't Gold at Newmont A massive gold producer makes money off of oil, copper, and a global distrust of the dollar.
Digging In at Phelps Dodge Big copper has provided big results, but what's next for the share price?
RIAA files 750 new file-trading lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on Thursday announced it has filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software.
Still undecided? Web site aids voters to make choice on presidential election For those U.S. residents still unsure which presidential candidate to vote for -- and there appear to be quite a few who can't make up their minds less than a week before the election -- there's a new Web-based tool that can help voters match their positions to those of the major presidential candidates.
News.com Extra: When Hilary and Larry didn't come to blows Also: Get your Ashlee Simpson karaoke iPod.
BellSouths RealPages to Sell Google AdWords BellSouth's RealPages to Sell Google AdWords\\RealPages.com from BellSouth yellow pages and Google today announced an agreement whereby RealPages.com will become the first yellow pages publisher authorized to sell advertising through Google AdWords(R) to small and medium-sized local businesses. Under the multi-year agreement, BellSouth will include Google AdWords as an integral ...
Update 12: Delta Chief: Bankruptcy Still Possible Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative pilot deal on concessions and much-needed breathing room, but hasn #39;t detailed the progress of its crucial debt restructuring efforts.
Update 3: AP: CNNfn Will Shut Down After 9 Years CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.
AOL, E-Mail Companies Sue Spammers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The nation's largest e-mail providers today filed a new round of lawsuits against Internet spammers allegedly responsible for shoveling millions of junk e-mail messages into computer users' in-boxes and their instant messaging screens.
Mauresmo, Sugiyama reach quarters in Linz _Top seed Amelie Mauresmo reached the quarterfinals of the US\$585,000 (euro483,255) Generali Ladies Open at the Intersport Arena on Thursday, beating Poland #39;s Marta Domachovska 6-4, 6-0.
Top seed Suarez loses at SEAT Open Spain #39;s Anabel Medina Garrigues eliminated Paola Suarez in the top-seeded Argentine #39;s opening match at the US\$225,000 (euro176,000) SEAT Open, rallying to win 3-6, 6-3, 6-4 on Thursday and reach the quarterfinals.
TESTING FORTNIGHT FOR STEELERS The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles may be on a collision course for Super Bowl XXXIX. The Pittsburgh Steelers will host the NFL #39;s lone remaining unbeaten teams in the next two weeks.
Productivity's Battleground (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - At its Twinsburg, Ohio plant (below), Rockwell uses its own Logix controllers to make the 2.5 million circuit boards per year that power them. On one line, sensors scan boards as they move along a conveyor; if a match is found, a controller inches the conveyor forward. The same controller tracks the temperature of an oven used to cure the glue between the electronics and the board, adjusting the speed of the oven's conveyor based on the reading. All the controllers are lashed to an enterprise-management program that spits out productivity readings every two hours and looks for bottlenecks. ...
A Marvelous 2005 and 2006 Marvel issues its 2005 guidance and offers an impressive list of projects for 2006.
Expanding economy confirmed With the economy continuing to rank as a top factor in the upcoming election, the latest  quot;beige book quot; confirms that economic activity continued to expand through early October.
Mortgage Rates Hit 6-Month Low Freddie Mac said Thursday that 30-year mortgages have dropped to the lowest level since April 1, providing more of a boost to the housing industry.
Lexmark loses ink cartridge battle Printer makers can #39;t be very happy, as Lexmark has just lost what could have been a landmark case for its profits and the future of printer ink cartridges.
Football fans clash with police Eleven fans were arrested after clashing with police during Chelsea #39;s 1-0 win over West Ham at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night.
Armstrong keeps Tour guessing LANCE ARMSTRONG has left the question marks hovering over his participation on next year #39;s Tour de France. Armstrong claimed a record sixth yellow jersey in July when he eclipsed Tour legends Miguel Indurain 
Astros decline option on Kent Craig Biggio will return for 2005 with the Houston Astros, but the ballclub decided not to sign Jeff Kent for another season. The local Major League Baseball franchise on Thursday said it picked up an option to bring back Biggio for the 2005 season.
Molik stays hot; Suarez bows out in Luxembourg Kockelscheuer, Luxembourg (Sports Network) - Aussie Alicia Molik began her quest for a second title in two weeks on Thursday, while top-seeded Argentine Paola Suarez was among the second-round upset victims at the \$225,000 Seat Open Luxembourg.
Salmons has fourth-year option picked up PHILADELPHIA - John Salmons had the fourth-year option on his contract picked up by the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday. Salmons, a 6-foot-7 guard, has averaged 4.1 points, 1.8 rebounds and 1.3 assists per 
IAEA Says It Warned U.S. About Explosives (AP) AP - U.S. officials were warned about the vulnerability of explosives stored at Iraq's Al-Qaqaa military installation after another facility  #151; the country's main nuclear complex  #151; was looted in April 2003, the U.N. nuclear agency said Thursday.
Militants slaughter 11 Iraqi soldiers abducted south of Baghdad &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents slaughtered 11 Iraqi soldiers, beheading one, then shooting the others execution-style, and declared on an Islamic militant Web 
Poll Watchers to Crowd Voting Venues (AP) AP - Tens of thousands of poll monitors, challengers, lawyers and other activist observers are expected to clog voting precincts in battleground states Tuesday in what will probably be the most scrutinized U.S. election in at least 40 years.
Kidnappers Demand Foreign Troops Quit Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants piled more pressure on  Washington's military allies in Iraq on Thursday, seizing an  Iraqi-Polish woman and holding a Japanese man under threat of  death.
Glaxo's Mild Depression British drug maker Glaxo sees increased generic competition for its anti-depressant drugs.
Don't Cry For SUV's (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - A kibitzer said I should write about the decline of the truck market. He figured I would be ahead of the curve in saying that this market has peaked from oversaturation, changing consumer tastes, rising gas prices and the recent appearance of some very attractive sedans and wagons.
Viacom Posts Profit; Sets \$8 Bln Buyback  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Viacom Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt;&lt;VIA.N&gt; on  Thursday said its quarterly profit from continuing operations  rose 12 percent on higher cable network advertising sales and  announced a larger-than-expected stock repurchase, sending its  shares up 3 percent.
The Troll Under The Bridge (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The main border between the U.S. and Canada, our number one trading partner, stretches for 5,500 miles. The most precious fraction is tucked into the middle of the Great Lakes, where the Detroit River bisects the U.S. and Canadian auto industries. Between Detroit and Windsor, Ont., at the river's narrowest point, lies a ribbon of reinforced concrete roadway, 47 feet wide and less than 2 miles long, laid on suspended steel joists:the Ambassador Bridge. ...
Top-Seed Suarez Upset at SEAT Open (AP) AP - Top-seeded Paola Suarez was upset in her opening match at the SEAT Open, losing 3-6, 6-3, 6-4 to Anabel Medina Garrigues on Thursday.
Giddy Red Sox Fans Savor Lifting of 'Curse'  BOSTON (Reuters) - Millions of bleary-eyed New Englanders  on Thursday savored a feeling lost generations ago: the joy of  a Red Sox World Series victory that ended an 86-year drought  and, some say, lifted a legendary curse.
PC distributor puts RFID tags in goods A Singaporean IT products distributor is introducing radio tags to track inventory and delivery.
Agassi Brushes Bjorkman Aside in Stockholm  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Andre Agassi brushed past Jonas  Bjorkman 6-3, 6-4 at the Stockholm Open Thursday to set up a  quarterfinal meeting with Spanish sixth seed Fernando Verdasco.
Apple shares barrel past \$50 on iPod juice A small bite of Apple has become a mouthful--the iPod has helped the stock double since January.
Burress: Pats Still Roughing Up Receivers (AP) AP - Steelers wide receiver Plaxico Burress suggests there are two sets of pass coverage rules in the NFL these days  #151; one for the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots, another for the rest of the league.
Not Hungry for Applebee's Although earnings met expectations, the restaurant's comps and Q4 outlook are lacking.
Business Investment Too Narrow At the risk of repeating ourselves, it is worth bearing in mind that this recovery has been different from other recoveries. While much of the attention paid to the economy has focused on the sluggish jobs 
SAIC signs deal to buy shares of S.Korean auto maker Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. (SAIC), the biggest saloon car producer in China, signed here contract with creditors of South Korean Ssangyong Motor Co.
Viacom swings to loss due to Blockbuster spinoff NEW YORK, Oct 28 (AFP) - Media-entertainment group Viacom said Thursday it posted a net loss of 487.6 million dollars in the third quarter as a result of its spinoff of its struggling Blockbuster video unit.
Common fertility condition linked to migraines A common condition affecting fertility in women may be linked to migraine, new research reveals. The work could also help scientists understand the origins of migraine.
No help for Lexmark from DMCA The US Federal appeals court ruled on Tuesday that Lexmark cannot prevent Static Control Components from manufacturing printer toner cartridges that operate with 
Security Standards Pushed To Encourage M-Commerce  quot;This collaboration directly enhances hand-held architectures to provide the trusted capabilities vital for widespread adoption of mobile commerce and enterprise usage, quot; Sean Maloney, an Intel vice president, said.
Agassi rolls back the years Stockholm - Evergreen Andre Agassi continued his career-long stranglehold over fellow veteran Jonas Bjorkman on Thursday when he beat the Swede 6-3 6-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the Stockholm Open.
Koubek topples third-seeded Gaudio Austria #39;s Stefan Koubek toppled French Open champion Gaston Gaudio of Argentina 6-1, 1-6, 6-3 on Thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the Swiss Indoors.
Judge sends ex-Baylor athlete to mental hospital A judge on Thursday ruled that a former Baylor basketball player charged with gunning down his teammate is incompetent to stand trial.
Hrbaty, Andreev upset at St. Petersburg Open Ivo Karlovic pounded 11 aces Tuesday and knocked off second-seeded Dominik Hrbaty 7-6 (5), 5-7, 6-4 in the first round of the St. Petersburg Open.
Blast rocks Islamabad Marriott A powerful explosion rocked the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad, Pakistan, Thursday, the BBC reported. The number of casualties was not yet known, but a BBC correspondent 
After the Bell: Shares McAfee on the Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of software maker McAfee Inc  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MFE.N&lt;/A&gt;. were on the rise in extended trading on Thursday after  it reported third-quarter financial news, and raised its  revenue projection for the fourth quarter.
Hawaii QB Chang Goes for Passing Record (AP) AP - Ask Hawaii's Timmy Chang about the 94 touchdowns he has thrown, and he talks about his great receivers and blockers. Ask about his 14,791 yards passing, and he credits his coaches for believing in him.
Chinese Muslims Held at Gitmo to Be Freed (AP) AP - Defense officials have authorized the release of a majority of the 22 Chinese Muslims being held at the Guantanamo Bay naval base, the State Department said Thursday.
Gateway's Quarterly Loss Narrows  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Personal computer maker Gateway  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GTW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GTW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a net loss that narrowed from a  year earlier and bettered its own forecast, helped by higher PC  sales and lower costs.
The Dollar Weakens Broadly  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar weakened broadly on  Thursday, reversing a short-lived rally on news that China had  raised interest rates as the market decided Beijing's move did  not radically change dollar-bearish market fundamentals.
Film unit helps Sony post profit TOKYO Sony on Thursday reported a 61 percent jump in net profit for the most recent quarter as  quot;Spider-Man 2 quot; pulled in money for the company #39;s movie division, helping to conceal slides in its consumer electronics and video game businesses.
UPDATE 4-Viacom posts profit; sets \$8 billion buyback Viacom Inc. (VIAb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (VIA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said its quarterly profit from continuing operations rose 12 percent 
Seattle Suspends Pepper Gun Used in Boston Death The Seattle Police Department said on Thursday that it would suspend use of pepper-ball guns to control crowds after a college student was killed by one in Boston last week when police broke up a crowd of rowdy baseball fans.
DoubleClick Says Quarterly Profit More Than Doubles (Reuters) Reuters - Internet marketing company DoubleClick\Inc.  on Thursday said quarterly profit more than\doubled with one-time gains, but its shares fell after hours on\a fourth-quarter view that fell short of Wall Street\expectations.
Business leaders see election affecting offshoring In Meta Group study, nearly half of managers surveyed predict offshore outsourcing will decline if Kerry elected.
Burned again, Kyocera recalls more phone batteries A renegade supplier may have flooded U.S. market with up to a million bogus batteries.
Yahoo Goes Mobile with Search and Images Yahoo Goes Mobile with Search and Images\\Yahoo yesterday unveiled their latest weapon in the search engine wars with Google and Microsoft - their mobile phone Yahoo. Nevermind desktop search or free email accounts, Yahoo is now bringing their search, local listings, and even images to mobile phones and portable devices. ...
Eagles Rusher Levens Gets Starting Nod (AP) AP - Dorsey Levens was ready to call it a career. He barely played last year with the Giants and there was little demand for a 34-year-old backup.
Titans CB Rolle Gets Antacid Gag (AP) AP - Tennessee cornerback Samari Rolle doesn't think the joke was very funny. Someone, he suspects a coach he won't identify, placed a bottle of Pepto-Bismol in his locker along with a photo of Cincinnati receiver Chad Johnson featuring the words: "There ain't a corner in the league that can hold me."
Delta, pilots agree to full \$1B reductions Delta #39;s pilots union said today that it has tentatively agreed to the full \$1 billion in wage and benefit reductions the airline said it needs to help it avoid bankruptcy.
NY Fed-Slower cenbank buying would hit dlr, rates US interest rates would rise and the dollar would fall if Asian central banks slowed their recent heavy purchases of US assets, the New York Federal Reserve warned in a report on Thursday.
Update 8: Crude Oil Prices Fall Below \$51 a Barrel Crude oil futures prices dropped below \$51 a barrel on Thursday as supply concerns ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter eased after an unexpectedly high rise in US inventories.
US Airways, UAL #39;s United Post Big Losses UAL (UALAQ.OB:OTC BB - news - research) and US Airways (UAIRQ.OB:OTC BB - news - research) weighed in with hefty third-quarter losses Thursday as industry overcapacity and stratospheric fuel prices continued to generate red ink while the carriers operated 
Google taps BellSouth for help selling ads This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
 quot;Serious shortcomings quot; seen in security at Russian nuclear plants Security at three Russian nuclear power plants has  quot;serious shortcomings quot; despite steps to improve security levels, Russia #39;s deputy prosecutor general, Vladimir Kolesnikov, said Thursday.
Agassi wins in straight sets again STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Andre Agassi had little trouble reaching the Stockholm Open quarterfinals, beating Jonas Bjorkman 6-3, 6-4 Thursday.
Olson: Hoping to preserve the joy of Sox Since early adolescence, I #39;ve had a dream. OK, two dreams. But I should probably stick to talking about the one that doesn #39;t involve Elle MacPherson.
Boston Plans Parade for Red Sox on Sat. Boston Red Sox fans cheer as their 2004 World Series Champion team returns to Fenway Park in Boston, Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004. The team returned home early Thursday after sweeping the St.
Show us your money, say Leeds THE Leeds United board today demanded proof of funding after considering a  amp;pound25 million (\$61.58m) takeover deal headed by Sebastian Sainsbury.
Iraq group says holding Sri Lankan, Bangladeshi drivers: Al-Jazeera (AFP) AFP - The Islamic Army in Iraq has announced it abducted a driver from Sri Lanka and another from Bangladesh who work for a Kuwaiti company, Al-Jazeera television said, showing footage of the pair.
The Dollar Weakens Broadly The dollar weakened broadly on Thursday, reversing a short-lived rally on news that China had raised interest rates as the market decided Beijing #39;s move did not radically change dollar-bearish market fundamentals.
DreamWorks #39; share price soars in debut trading NEW YORK, October 28 (newratings.com) - DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc (ticker: DWA), the creator of famous animation films including Shrek and Shark Tale, witnessed a robust rally in its share price this morning, during its debut trading at the Wall 
DoubleClick Says Quarterly Profit More Than Doubles Internet marketing company DoubleClick Inc. (DCLK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said quarterly profit more than doubled with one-time gains, but its shares fell after hours 
Local Search; Still A Long Way To Go You know, it has not ceased to amuse me watching the various search engines fall over themselves and each other, in their march towards offering  #39;local search.
Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith For Handhelds Developed by Ubisoft #39;s Montreal studio, Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith on PSP, DS, and GBA will fully leverage the strengths of each handheld platform.
Injured Ganguly not yet certain for Mumbai Test NAGPUR, OCTOBER 28: After all the spin and counter-spin, its official: Sourav Ganguly is injured, its not serious but his participation in the Mumbai Test is still uncertain.
UN paying attention to Arafat #39;s health: spokesman The United Nations is closely following the situation in the West Bank city of Ramallah, where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is reportedly ill, a UN spokesman said Thursday.
HP announces new low-end server ProLiant ML150 G2 offers a Xeon chip or two for small and medium-sized businesses.
Recording Industry Files More Downloading Suits The recording industry on Thursday filed another round of copyright infringement lawsuits against people it said were illegally distributing songs over the Internet.
Anti-terro measures at Russian nuclear facilities insufficient &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Russian prosecutor pointed out Thursday that some of Russia #39;s nuclear power plants and petrochemical enterprises do not have sufficient safeguards against terrorist attacks, the Interfax news agency reported.
Edmonton in, Vancouver out of Champ Car CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Champ Car World Series is coming to Edmonton. But not Vancouver. Local organizer Greg Macdonald confirmed Wednesday that Edmonton was named the fourth Canadian stop on the CCWS circuit 
EU #39;s Barroso Promises Commission Changes Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso says he will make changes in his proposed commission, one day after withdrawing his slate in the face of a likely European Parliament veto.
US Begins Airlifting African Union Troops into Darfur The State Department says it hopes the US military airlift of more African Union peacekeepers into Sudan #39;s Darfur region will help end continuing violence there.
Rossley Fine With His Reduced Role (AP) AP - Packers offensive coordinator Tom Rossley says he's fine with his reduced role after being been stripped of his play-calling duties for health reasons.
Titan Rich in Carbons That Gave Life to Earth --NASA (Reuters) Reuters - Saturn's mysterious moon Titan\appears to have an environment rich in the carbon-based\molecules that spawned life on Earth and winds that etched\streaks into its icy surface, NASA scientists said on Thursday.
Gateway Posts Operating Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Personal computer maker Gateway  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GTW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GTW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted its first operating profit in  nearly three years as its retail strategy gained traction and  costs fell, sending shares up 11 percent.
FBI Investigates Halliburton's No-Bid Contracts The FBI has begun investigating whether the Pentagon improperly awarded no-bid contracts to Halliburton Co., seeking an interview with a top Army contracting officer and collecting documents from several government offices.
UN Condemns US Cuba Embargo The US economic embargo of Cuba jumped to the top of the Castro governments agenda on Thursday. For the 13th year in a row, the United Nations General Assembly approved a resolution condemning the US embargo.
One Shell boosts Eurostocks The oil company #39;s plans to move to a unified corporate structure extend rally into third day. LONDON (Reuters) - European shares rose for a third straight session Thursday, led by Royal Dutch/Shell on news 
Far Eastern Economic Review calls it a day AFTER 58 years, the Far Eastern Economic Review will stop operating as a weekly news magazine. Instead, the regional magazine will be relaunched as a monthly magazine of issues and ideas - largely written 
Sony Springs From  #39;Spider-Man #39; Web Sony Corp. on Thursday reported a big boost in profits in the second quarter, due to the success of box office hit  quot;Spider-Man 2. quot;.
Update 2-Federated Investors report lower earnings Asset manager Federated Investors (FII.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported lower quarterly profits as the firm #39;s assets declined in difficult market conditions.
Scientists search for more human species SYDNEY - Following the spectacular discovery of a new species of human on the remote island of Flores in Indonesia, scientists said yesterday they expect to discover more species of hominoids on neighbouring islands.
Ballmer settles on scary penguin costume for Halloween Given that we #39;re in the final days before a big election, Steve Ballmer could have picked a quieter time to do his campaigning.
Voters checking out other sides #39; sites Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.
IDC: Handheld sales continue downward journey The global market for handheld devices continued to dwindle. The industry has recorded a year-over-year fall for the third successive quarter, according to data released by IDC this week.
Deep Sea Sediment Might Have Sparked Evolution German scientists, sifting through dust on the ocean #39;s floor, have discovered stardust that may have helped initiate human evolution.
Dragonshard Beta Details October 28, 2004 - Atari and Liquid Entertainment today announced the opening of the Dragonshard closed beta sign-up period. Here #39;s your chance to help test the Dungeons  amp; Dragons-based real-time strategy title based in the new D amp;D universe, Eberron.
Juve restore five-point lead JUVENTUS maintained their unbeaten run and restored their five-point Serie A lead with this hard-fought win today. Alessandro Del Piero opened the scoring with a low drive just after the half-hour and Marcelo 
Sports: Indians reach terms with Elarton CLEVELAND Pitcher Scott Elarton has agreed to a one-year, 850-thousand-dollar contract with the Cleveland Indians. He #39;d been eligible for free agency.
Koubek beats Gaudio; Henman struggles through Stefan Koubek beat French Open champion Gaston Gaudio 6-1, 1-6, 6-3 Thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the Swiss Indoors. Second-seeded Tim Henman struggled to get through to the quarterfinals for the 
Blast in Marriott Hotel #39;s lobby leaves one killed, over 10 injured ISLAMABAD: A blast that occurred in the Marriott hotel killed one and left at over ten people injured including four foreigners at 9:35 pm at the entrance to the hotel on Thursday, sources said.
Jordan pledges help to release Japanese hostage in Iraq Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II on Thursday pledged efforts to help release the Japanese hostage in Iraq as soon as possible, Jordanian TV reported.
IRAN WOULD NOT ACCEPT LONG-TERM SUSPENSION OF NUCLEAR ACTIVITIES TEHRAN, 28 Oct. (IPS) Ayatollah Ali Khameneh #39;i, the leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran announced Thursday that Iran would not accept long-term suspension of enriching uranium.
Gateway Loss Narrows on Higher PC Sales Quarterly losses narrowed to \$59 million, or 16 cents per share, from \$139 million, or 43 cents per share, a year ago. Excluding about \$63 million in restructuring, transformation and integration costs, the 
UAL posts narrower loss despite higher fuel costs NEW YORK - Bankrupt UAL parent of United Airlines, on Thursday reported a narrower third-quarter net loss even though fuel costs rose more than 56 per cent for the world #39;s second largest airline.
Exxon Mobil Profit Soars  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest publicly traded oil company, on Thursday said quarterly  profit surged 56 percent, driven by soaring oil prices and  strong results from refining operations.
Cubs Cut Loose Alou, Grudzielanek  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - The Chicago Cubs Thursday  declined to pick up the 2005 options on outfielder Moises Alou  and second baseman Mark Grudzielanek, making the two veterans  free agents.
Chinese Central Bank Increases Rates for First Time in 9 Years The move is expected to dampen prospects for a long list of companies that have focused on taking advantage of the Chinese market.
South Dakota Sen. Race Deemed Most Costly (AP) AP - The South Dakota race that will determine whether Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle stays on Capitol Hill is the costliest congressional election so far this year.
Microsoft, Others File More Anti-Spam Lawsuits  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and other  Internet access providers filed three new lawsuits on Thursday  to stop the spread of unsolicited e-mail messages touting  everything from home refinancing to miracle health cures.
Shiver Me Timbers! Brazil Full of PC Pirates --Study  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil should end the year at  the top of the list of countries with the highest rate of  pirated personal computers in its market, outranking China for  the first time, according to a study released on Thursday.
Xbox Owner Sues Over Defective Disk Drives  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A video game fan upset over a  failed disc drive in his Xbox video game console has sued  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on behalf of all Xbox owners across  the United States..
SBC slashes DSL prices in phone bundle SBC Communications said it will cut DSL prices to just \$19.95 a month for people who sign up for its full unlimited local and long-distance phone plans. Broadband Blog
Palestinians consider life after Arafat A decline in Yasser Arafat's health puts focus on future leadership.
Behind Fallujah strategy The US hopes a hard strike on the city will send a message to Iraqi militants, nationwide.
India and Pakistan balk at bold Kashmir peace plan Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf this week urged steps to end the bitter dispute.
At wireless conference, silly services rule reporter's notebook Concerned about coverage? It's a good thing you didn't go to CTIA; people there were busy playing "Swordfish."
SBC offers \$19.95 DSL with a catch SBC Communications unveiled a \$19.95 price for its DSL service, but only if customers buy a wire line phone service for \$48.95.
Gateway trims loss in third quarter PC maker sees potential profit at the end of the tunnel, boosted by new sales strategy.
Sox Fans Buy Souvenirs, Wonder About 2005 (AP) AP - The line at the souvenir store curved around the corner, about the length of a Mark Bellhorn homer into Pesky's Pole. Thousands of fans yearned to wear the words "Boston Red Sox" and "World Series Champions" on the same shirt. One of them wasn't sure what he wanted on the back.
Oracle sets applications suite release for Nov. 8 Oracle plans to finally ship its E-Business Suite 11i.10 on Nov. 8, company executives said today.
Panthers Release Safety Cooper (AP) AP - The Carolina Panthers waived special teams standout Jarrod Cooper on Thursday after police issued an arrest warrant alleging he gave false information to an officer.
Cavaliers Pick Up Gooden 2005-06 Option (AP) AP - The Cleveland Cavaliers picked up Drew Gooden's contract option for 2005-06, hoping the forward will take the spot vacated by departed free agent Carlos Boozer.
Secret Service busts online organized crime ring In what it called an "Information Age undercover investigation," the U.S. Secret Service has arrested 28 people from eight U.S. states and six countries allegedly involved in a global cybercrime ring.
Q A: IAITAM President Barbara Rembiesa on asset management issues The International Association of Information Technology Asset Managers is planning to work with software publishers next year to help simplify the language in software contracts, says President Barbara Rembiesa.
U.K. report cites merits of open-source Open-source software advocates got a potential boost from a report by the U.K.'s Office of Government Commerce, which cited advantages on the server side and a growing maturity on the desktop front.
Brief: I2 reports Q3 profit Although revenue slipped during the past quarter, rising software license sales and higher earnings have i2 Technologies Inc. officials hopeful about the future.
Dell touts in-home services Dell offers to install its PCs, televisions and networks, and provide extra phone support for stopping viruses and spyware.
Toledo schools may resurrect stalled PeopleSoft apps The public school system in Toledo, Ohio, is eyeing the resurrection of a \$4.3 million PeopleSoft accounting and HR software installation abandoned five years ago.
IDC sees continuing decline in PDA market For the third straight quarter, shipments of handheld devices fell as some prominent vendors decided to pull back from the market, according to research firm IDC.
Smaller, more powerful PC fuel cell is on the way A fuel cell for notebook PCs that is smaller and more powerful than competing technologies could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around \$90, its Japanese inventors said this week.
Kyocera recalls counterfeit cell phone batteries SAN FRANCISCO - Kyocera Wireless Corp. on Thursday launched a voluntary recall of potentially counterfeit batteries for its KE/KX 400 Series, 3200 Series and Slider Series cell phones, cautioning users that the batteries were not approved by the company for use in its phones.
Oracle sets Nov. 8 date for applications suite release REDWOOD SHORES, CALIFORNIA - Oracle Corp. plans to finally ship the next version of its E-Business Suite of enterprise applications on Monday Nov. 8, company executives said Thursday.
Google, BellSouth Ink Local Advertising Deal (Reuters) Reuters - In a bid to further expand its\reach, Google Inc. said on Thursday it authorized BellSouth\Corp.'s  online Yellow Pages unit RealPages.com to sell\Google's Web search ads to small and mid-sized businesses in\the southeastern United States.
Shiver Me Timbers! Brazil Full of PC Pirates --Study (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil should end the year at\the top of the list of countries with the highest rate of\pirated personal computers in its market, outranking China for\the first time, according to a study released on Thursday.
U.N. Urges U.S. to End Embargo Vs. Cuba (AP) AP - For the 13th straight year, the U.N. General Assembly overwhelmingly urged the United States to end its more than four decade trade embargo against Cuba, rejecting Washington's argument that Fidel Castro is "a tyrant" who denies basic human rights to Cubans.
China Pledges Stable Policies  BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese leaders closed a key economic  meeting on Sunday with pledges to maintain stable fiscal and  monetary policies in 2005 and keep a tight lid on fixed-asset  investment, state radio said.
Gateway trims loss in third quarter update Gateway on Thursday posted a narrower third-quarter loss, helped by cost cuts and an increase in PC unit shipments, that could allow it to climb ever closer to turning a profit.
UPDATE 2-Alliance Capital profit rises in third quarter Alliance Capital Management Holdings LP (AC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the biggest US money managers, on Thursday said its profit rose in the third quarter 
Ottawa provides \$1.5B in loan guarantees for Bombardier OTTAWA - The federal government has approved loan guarantees to a maximum of \$1.5 billion to allow Air Canada to buy up to 45 regional jets from Bombardier Aerospace.
Microsoft, Others File More Anti-Spam Lawsuits Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and other Internet access providers filed three new lawsuits on Thursday to stop the spread of unsolicited e-mail messages touting everything 
Tennis: Good to be back, says relieved Mauresmo LINZ, Austria : Recently deposed world number one Amelie Mauresmo shrugged off any doubts over her fitness by beating Poland #39;s Marta Domachowska 6-4, 6-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the WTA tournament here.
Donnie Nelson moves to front office Avery Johnson is retiring as a player to focus on his new role as Don Nelson #39;s lead assistant, league sources told ESPN.com #39;s Marc Stein.
India and Pakistan balk at bold Kashmir peace plan Within hours of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf #39;s dramatic proposal this Monday to demilitarize the disputed region of Kashmir, both India and Pakistan demurred.
Police Arrest 28 in Online ID Theft Scams (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Federal authorities have arrested 28 individuals accused of operating public Web sites designed to help people steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
Justice Thomas Hopes for Smooth Election (AP) AP - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas said Thursday he would prefer not to face another election-related lawsuit, but defended the high court's decision to get involved in the contentious dispute over the 2000 presidential vote in Florida.
Police Arrest 28 in Online ID Theft Scams Federal authorities have arrested 28 individuals in the United States and several other countries who are accused of operating public Web sites designed to help people steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Castro turns screws on his own people HAVANA - In the heart of Old Havana, at a corner of Plaza de Armas, probably the city #39;s most beautiful ancient square, a plaque on a building on a street bearing the unlikely name O #39;Reilly declares an unexpected affinity.
Far Eastern Economic Review converts to monthly HONG KONG - The Far Eastern Economic Review, a leading newsweekly in the region, will be published as a monthly after its Nov 4 issue following after six years of losses, its publisher Dow Jones said Thursday.
Check 21 Places Demands on Banks #39; Customer Relations, Too On 28 October 2004, the Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (Check 21) takes effect in the United States. This legislation creates a new legal instrument called the substitute check - defined as  quot;a paper 
Federated Investors Buys Cash Business Asset management company Federated Investors Inc. on Thursday said it will buy Alliance Capital Management Holding LP #39;s cash management business.
Ballmer weighs in on Windows vs. Linux The controversy rages on. Which offers a better  quot;value proposition quot; -- Windows or Linux? Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has issued an executive email outlining case studies and analyses making the case for Windows over Open Source Linux or proprietary Unix.
Armstrong short on summits in quest for new peaks IN THE brasseries of the Etoile quarter of Paris yesterday lunchtime, the talk was of how many more years the locals would have to endure Lance Armstrongs domination of their cherished Tour de France.
Brazilian soccer mourns Serginho #39;s death Brazilian soccer was in mourning on Thursday after the death of Sao Caetano defender Serginho, who collapsed during the previous night #39;s match against Sao Paulo after suffering an apparent heart attack.
O #39;Malley in touch with Spanish leaders Australian golfer Peter O #39;Malley is two shots off the pace after the first round of the European Tour event in Valderrama, Spain.
Kezman vows to hit the goal trail Mateja Kezman believes he can go on a goalscoring spree after finally opening his account for Chelsea. The former PSV Eindhoven striker scored the matchwinner in the 57th minute to give Chelsea victory over 
Cubs cut loose Alou, Grudzielanek Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - The Chicago Cubs Thursday declined to pick up the 2005 options on outfielder Moises Alou and second baseman Mark Grudzielanek, making the two veterans free agents.
Del Piero, Zalayeta score in home win MILAN -- Leaders Juventus moved five points clear at the top of Serie A as goals by Alessandro Del Piero and Marcelo Zalayeta gave the club a 2-0 win over AS Roma on Thursday.
Comeback win delights Mauresmo The recently deposed world No.1 beating Poland #39;s Marta Domachowska 6-4 6-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Generali Ladies Linz WTA tournament.
Astros exercise Biggio #39;s option, decline Kent #39;s Craig Biggio will be back with the Houston Astros next season. If Jeff Kent returns, it will be at a reduced rate. Biggio #39;s \$3 million option was exercised Thursday by the Astros 
Leeds stay cool about Sainsbury takeover bid FIRST there was development interest from Asda, now a Sainsbury wants to buy Leeds United. Sebastian Sainsbury, great-grandson of the founder of the supermarket chain, yesterday emerged 
Deadline passes in Japanese hostage crisis in Iraq BAGHDAD - The 48-hour deadline set by a group of Islamic militants for Japan to agree to withdraw its troops from Iraq expired Thursday night, with the group threatening to behead a 24-year-old Japanese hostage if Tokyo ignores its demand.
More Than 160 Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 160 foreigners. Those held are:
Lukoil Plans Investment With Venezuela Russian oil giant Lukoil Holdings is planning a \$1 billion joint investment with Venezuela's state-run oil company, a top Lukoil official said Thursday.
Police Arrest 28 in Online ID Theft Scams (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Law enforcement authorities have arrested 28 individuals accused of operating public Web sites designed to help people steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
Saudi Ambassador Says More Troops Needed in Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Iraq has become a magnet for foreign  terrorists since the U.S.-led invasion last year and there are  not enough troops to cope, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to Britain  said on Thursday.
Sluman Hits Course-Record 62 at Chrysler (AP) AP - Golf finally felt easy to Jeff Sluman, and it wasn't hard to see why. From a fairway bunker on the 18th hole, he had to play a 20-yard hook to avoid the trees and reach the elevated green. His 7-iron stopped 16 inches from the cup for his ninth birdie, a course-record 62 and a two-shot lead in the Chrysler Championship on Thursday.
Sluman Fires on All Cylinders at Chrysler  PALM HARBOR, Florida (Reuters) - Jeff Sluman shot a  course-record nine-under-par 62 on Thursday to lead after the  first round of the \$5 million Chrysler Championship.
UPDATE:China Ups Rates, 1st In 9 Yrs; Mkts Look For More BEIJING (Dow Jones)--China raised interest rates Thursday for the first time in more than nine years, escalating its battle to tame feverish economic growth but immediately 
Gateway Narrows Loss Gateway (GTW:NYSE - news - research) narrowed its loss and beat Wall Street #39;s bottom-line expectations for the quarter ending in September.
Update 3: Jury Begins Deliberating Enron Barge Case Jurors began deliberating Thursday in the first criminal trial to emerge from Enron Corp. #39;s 2001 collapse. The jury of six men and six women deliberated less than an hour late Thursday after hearing lengthy 
E-Commerce Times Yahoo has launched a mobile version of its Web, image and local search offerings in a move that creates a new, wireless battlefield in the search engine wars.
Wireless Nintendo Nintendo is hoping to retain its dominance of the portable game market with the launch of wireless Nintendo DS, a hand-held double-screen console.
AOL Files First Spim Lawsuit Iphtashu Fitz writes  quot;CNet News is reporting that 4 major internet providers - AOL, Earthlink, Microsoft, and Yahoo, have filed another bunch of lawsuits against spammers.
AMD introduces low-cost Internet device Chip company Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Thursday rolled out a low-cost Internet device aimed at underserved markets around the world.
Recording industry sues another 750 computer users The Recording Industry Association of America filed the copyright infringement suits against 750 computer users across the country -- including 25 university students.
Microsoft faces lawsuit for selling  quot;defective quot; game systems A man in Los Angeles filed a class action suit against US software giant Microsoft Wednesday, claiming that the company manufactured and sold thousands of defective Xbox video game systems.
Agassi brushes Bjorkman aside in Stockholm Andre Agassi brushed past Jonas Bjorkman 6-3 6-4 at the Stockholm Open on Thursday to set up a quarter-final meeting with Spanish sixth seed Fernando Verdasco.
FA probe into new violence London #39;s football fans were back in the spotlight again today after a second successive night of crowd trouble in the capital.
Frank Thomas, Carl Everett to return in Chicago, Sandy Alomar won #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Frank Thomas #39; decision to return to the Chicago White Sox wasn #39;t nearly so dramatic this year. Thomas exercised his \$8 million US option Thursday.
Jayhawks No. 1 in preseason coaches poll McLEAN, Va. - With three of its top four scorers returning for their senior seasons, the Kansas Jayhawks figure to be in the mix for the NCAA championship.
Astros want Biggio back, Kent to take pay cut The Houston Astros are picking up Craig Biggio #39;s \$3 million option for 2005 but not the \$9 million for Jeff Kent. Oct. 28 HOUSTON - Craig Biggio will be back with the Houston Astros next season.
Arafat, confused and weak, is heading to Paris for treatment An ailing Yasser Arafat -oo weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  -eed to leave his battered West Bank compound for 
Coonan aims to seal Telstra deal Communications Minister Helen Coonan says the Government is taking nothing for granted over the sale of Telstra. Senator Coonan plans to speak with the Coalition #39;s newest senator-elect, Barnaby Joyce, to discuss his concerns about services in the bush.
Best Buy Enters Online Photo Processing Fray (Reuters) Reuters - Best Buy Co. Inc. , aiming to\capitalize on the growing popularity of digital imaging, on\Thursday launched a photofinishing service that would allow\customers to order prints online for the first time.
Apple Shares Close at 4-Year High (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Apple Computer Inc.\ on Thursday closed at a four-year high as the iconic\computer maker this week rolled out an iPod that displays\photos and opened nine new iTunes online music stores in\Europe.
Apple Shares Close at 4-Year High  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Apple Computer Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday closed at a four-year high as the iconic  computer maker this week rolled out an iPod that displays  photos and opened nine new iTunes online music stores in  Europe.
Secret Service busts online ID fraud ring Federal agents and international allies arrest 28 suspects thought to have traded in credit card numbers and financial information.
Ariz. Insurance Director Reviews Alleged Broker and Insurer Bid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Director of the Arizona Department of Insurance, Christina Urias, is joining insurance regulators in other states to review allegations of bid-rigging and price-fixing between insurance brokers and insurance companies.
ATA board agrees to employee retention bonuses The board of ATA Holdings Corp.(ATAH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , parent of low-cost air carrier ATA Airlines, has approved payments to key executives and employees who stay with the company after its bankruptcy filing 
Gateway Posts Operating Profit Personal computer maker Gateway Inc. (GTW.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted its first operating profit in nearly three years as its retail strategy 
Nintendo and Sony execs trade barbs over PSP/DS battle The ink #39;s not yet dry on the PSP price tags, but the fallout from yesterday #39;s surprising announcements has already begun. Bloomberg Japan reported today on Nintendo #39;s reaction to Sony #39;s price point for the 
Morality maze for video game that takes no prisoners With more than 30m sales under its belt, Grand Theft Auto is one of the most popular video game franchises. But today it is hoping that its new release, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, can break all records 
PDA sales continue slide SHIPMENTS of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, researcher IDC reported.
Millions in Americas watch lunar eclipse Millions of people in the Americas have stayed up to observe a total lunar eclipse that bathed the moon in a coppery red glow and gave scientists a chance to study the Earth #39;s atmosphere.
Xbox Owner Sues Over Defective Disk Drives A video game fan upset over a failed disk drive in his Xbox video game console has sued Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O on behalf of all Xbox owners across the United States.. The suit, filed 
PG amp;E talks to residents about powerline project Construction of a 230,000-volt transmission line will begin in January and residents should expect all the usual construction issues that accompany any large project, Pacific Gas  amp; Electric Co.
Garcia and Lara beat the elements on home turf With the wind picking up as the first round of the Volvo Masters progressed throughout the day, the afternoon starters had the worst of the draw.
Nine British tourists die in Jordan bus crash Nine British tourists on a religious holiday in Jordan were killed yesterday when their bus crashed near the ancient city of Petra.
Ogden Signs 7-Year Contract With Ravens (AP) AP - All-Pro left tackle Jonathan Ogden signed a new seven-year contract Thursday with the Baltimore Ravens.
Wolves Waive Goldwire, Powell (AP) AP - The Minnesota Timberwolves released guard Anthony Goldwire and forward Kasib Powell on Thursday, trimming their roster to 14 players.
Adrian Beltre Files for Free Agency (AP) AP - Dodgers slugger Adrian Beltre filed for free agency Thursday  #151; the same day he underwent arthroscopic surgery to remove two large bone spurs from his left ankle.
BEA buzzing about Beehive (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - BURLINGAME, CALIF.-- BEA Systems is expanding the open source Beehive initiative but still has no plans to participate in the Eclipse open source tools organization, despite the embrace of Beehive by Eclipse.
O'Reilly Case Settled Out of Court Fox News Channel commentator Bill O'Reilly and a co-worker who had accused him of sexual harassment have agreed to settle and dropped all allegations against each other, lawyers for Fox said.
Bush, Kerry Trade Charges on Leadership (AP) AP - Bitingly personal, President Bush called Sen. John Kerry too weak and wavering for wartime leadership Thursday while the Democrat held Bush responsible for missing explosives in Iraq. "The commander in chief is not getting his job done," Kerry said.
Photo: Cybercrime arrests The Web site of identity-fraud suspects operating as the "Shadow Crew" has been replaced by information about alleged members' arrests.
BEA buzzing about Beehive BURLINGAME, CALIF.-- BEA Systems is expanding the open source Beehive initiative but still has no plans to participate in the Eclipse open source tools organization, despite the embrace of Beehive by Eclipse.
Wiki startup JotSpot draws crowd for product beta A Silicon Valley startup aiming to catapult wikis into the mainstream and transform the editable Web sites into an application development platform has attracted a flood of interest for its product beta.
Afghan Leader Faces Huge Task After Inauguration (Reuters) Reuters - Hamid Karzai will be sworn in as his\country's first elected president Tuesday, facing a huge amount\of more work to rebuild a land still traumatized by more than a\quarter century of war.
Predicting a President: Where the Papers' Online Electoral Maps Agree and Disagree (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK In a new twist on E P's exclusive tracking of major newspaper Web sites' electoral-college maps, today's article will chart how they differ or agree on which states are still tossups and which lean toward one candidate or the other.
Klein derided as mean-spirited for comments about handicapped (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - Premier Ralph Klein was blasted Thursday as mean-spirited and disrespectful for saying two women who heckled him over payments to the disabled didn't look handicapped.
Avery Johnson retires as player to focus on coaching (AFP) AFP - - Avery Johnson, signed as a player-coach less than a month ago by the Dallas Mavericks, retired from the players ranks to focus on his duties as an assistant coach to Don Nelson.
Price to Return As Seattle Pitching Coach (AP) AP - In his first moves as manager of the Seattle Mariners, Mike Hargrove decided to retain pitching coach Bryan Price and hired Ron Hassey as the team's bench coach.
Shell ends dual-entity structure LONDON Royal Dutch/Shell Group said Thursday that it was merging the two publicly traded entities that make up the company and unifying their boards, ending a nearly 100-year-old corporate structure.
DreamWorks Animation takes off Shares in DreamWorks Animation surged as much 41 percent on their first day of trading Thursday as investors bet that the producer of computer-animated movies could use cash from its initial stock sale to challenge Pixar Animation Studios and Walt Disney.
Black offers to take Hollinger private Former press baron Conrad Black has made a proposal to buy out the minority shareholders of his Canadian holding company Hollinger Inc.
DaimlerChrysler Facing SEC Investigation DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it had been notified that it was under investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission over alleged violations of a federal anti-bribery statute after a fired employee complained to labor officials.
AOL files  #39;spim #39; lawsuit AMERICA Online has filed a lawsuit accusing numerous unnamed defendants of violating US federal and state laws by sending bulk messages known as  quot;spim quot; to instant message accounts and internet chat rooms.
TechBrief: This way to the Web Advanced Micro Devices on Thursday unveiled a low-cost Internet access device aimed at first-time users in India, Mexico and the Caribbean.
Wireless pioneer reflects on roots, looks to WiMax SAN FRANCISCO--Cell phone pioneer Craig McCaw on Wednesday discussed Cingular Wireless #39; acquisition of AT amp;T #39;s wireless division, harking back to the 1994 sale of his company to Ma Bell.
Redskins' Arrington, Hall Out for Sunday (Reuters) Reuters - Washington Redskins\linebacker LaVar Arrington and kicker John Hall will not play\Sunday versus the Green Bay Packers.
Armstrong hits out at Italian investigation Italian police investigating allegations that the six-times Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong intimidated a key witness in the trial of his trainer on drugs charges have passed a dossier of rider interviews to a prosecutor in Lucca, who will decide 
Garca winds up best in tough going Given what Sergio Garca has achieved in his career already it is difficult to believe he is only 24 years old. He had a 67 yesterday, four under, to share the Volvo Masters lead with his fellow Spaniard 
Soccer: Player dies in Brazilian league game Serginho, a 30-year-old defender with So Caetano, collapsed and died of what appeared to be a heart attack during a Brazilian league match on Wednesday night.
Sluman overshadows Singh Jeff Sluman shattered the course record to take a two-shot lead after the first round of the Chrysler Championship. The American recorded nine birdies in a nine-under-par 62 at the Westin Innisbrook Resort Copperhead Course.
Pacers pick up option on Fred Jones INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) - Guard Fred Jones, who won the Slam Dunk Contest last season, had his fourth-year contract option picked up Thursday by the Indiana Pacers.
D Wayne does it his way again It was typical of D Wayne Lukas that he chose to reveal an unexpected change of plan for Azeri, in American eyes the  quot;marquee quot; horse of the Breeders #39; Cup meeting, at the moment of maximum effect.
Cambodia prepares to welcome new king PHNOM PENH - Cambodians were celebrating Friday as a 51-year-old former ballet dancer prepared to become the country #39;s new king.
Cambodia set to crown new king Cambodians prepare for the coronation of King Sihamoni, amid an array of official festivities.
Cubans queue to ditch US dollars Long queues have formed in Cuba as people rush to hand over US dollars, soon to be banned.
Soaring fuel costs undermine industry #39;s cost-cutting programs The Air Transport Association says, due to cutbacks, industry labor expenses are about the same today as they were a decade ago -- at about 34 percent of total costs.
Biggest US insurance broker faces penalty  #39;far higher #39; than \$500M &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The price for settling state charges of collusion and bid-rigging by America #39;s largest insurance broker could be  quot;far higher quot; than \$500 million, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Thursday.
Oil Extends Two-Day Fall as China #39;s Rate Rise May Cut Demand Crude oil futures fell in New York, extending the biggest two-day decline in 19 months, amid concern China #39;s first interest-rate increase in nine years may slow growth in fuel demand in the world #39;s second-largest oil consumer.
Hollinger International offers Black olive branch LONDON (AFP) - Hollinger International has extended an olive branch to its former ousted boss Conrad Black by offering him proceeds from its sale of two leading British newspapers, according to a report.
UPDATE 1-Alliance Capital to sell cash management business Alliance Capital Management Holding LP (AC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to sell its cash management business to Federated Investors Inc.
Redskins' Taylor Arrested on DWI Charge (AP) AP - The tumultuous rookie season of Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor hit a new low in the early hours Thursday when he was arrested on a drunken driving charge.
Mourning Plays 10 Months After Transplant (AP) AP - Alonzo Mourning played for the New Jersey Nets on Thursday night for first time since a kidney transplant in December.
Deadline for execution of Japanese hostage passes with no news (AFP) AFP - The deadline set by Islamic militants to behead a Japanese hostage in Iraq unless Tokyo pulled its army out of the country expired with no fresh news of the young man's fate.
Cassini Probes Secrets of Saturn #39;s Biggest Moon Description: NPR #39;s Alex Chadwick speaks with NPR #39;s Ira Flatow, host of Talk of the Nation Science Friday, about new images and data from the Cassini space probe that could unlock some of the mysteries surrounding Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon.
Yahoo Mobile Brings Search to Cell Phones Yahoo Mobile can obtain localized search results, make calls from the results page, and obtain images. Shortcuts offer quick access to information, such as weather, stock quotes, sport scores and flight information.
OutKast Now Have A Digital Platinum Record To Hang On Their Wall The Recording Industry Association Of America (RIAA) has been suing people left, right and centre for illegal downloading, but now theyve taken a more positive action toward supporting legit downloading services.
Study: Internet Feeds Political Debates Oct. 27, 2004 - Political junkies of all stripes have gotten much of their news and political commentary during this year #39;s campaign from online sources, and a new survey finds the Internet is contributing to a wider awareness of political views.
Sandisk Increases Phone Memory Capacities Sandisk this week announced the addition of new, higher capacity memory cards for mobile phones. The miniSD and RS-MMC card formats will now be offered in capacities as large as 512MB starting in November.
Smaller, more powerful PC fuel cell is on the way OCTOBER 28, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A new fuel cell for notebook PCs, more compact and powerful than competing technologies, could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around \$90, its Japanese inventors said this week.
2005 Tour may not play to Armstrong #39;s strengths It also means he #39;ll have to be in top form right away. This year #39;s race,. lure of the world #39;s biggest cycling race is tough to resist.
Sao Caetano #39;s Serginho Dies After Heart Attack in Soccer Match Serginho, a 30-year-old defender, died after suffering a heart attack while playing for Sao Caetano in a Brazilian first-division soccer game against Sao Paulo yesterday, his team said.
Champ Car Rumors F1 News MODERATOR: Welcome everyone to today #39;s press conference. We have a lineup with thrilling racing that #39;s delivered six different winners in 13 races along with an incredibly talented crop of rookies this year that will indeed be the future of our series.
Sports: Cubs decline options on Alou, Gruzielanek CHICAGO The Chicago Cubs may have a new left fielder at Wrigley Field next year. They #39;ve declined their eleven-and-a-half (m) million-dollar mutual option on the contract of outfielder Moises Alou (MOY #39;-ses ah-LOO #39;).
Pacers exercise option on reserve guard Jones INDIANAPOLIS -- The Indiana Pacers exercised their option for reserve guard Fred Jones on Thursday, extending his contract through the 2005-06 season.
Lukas, Paulson gamble with Azeri However else he leans in the upcoming election, we already can be sure of one thing about D. Wayne Lukas. He must be. He has taken his classic lady, Azeri, one of the 
Westerners kidnapped in Afghanistan The first Westerners were kidnapped in Afghanistan yesterday when three UN election officials were bundled into a car by gunmen who ran their vehicle off the road in the capital Kabul.
Insurgents kill 11 kidnapped soldiers Eleven Iraqi soldiers taken hostage by insurgents have been murdered. A video released by their captors showed one man being beheaded and 10 others being shot.
Kerry Uses Bush's Own Words to Call Him Unfit (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry\turned President Bush's own words against him on Thursday and\said it was the Republican incumbent who had jumped to\conclusions in Iraq, disqualifying him from being commander in\chief.
No, no, national ID Many pundits have posited that the United States needs better identity cards and, in some cases, have argued for national identity cards.
McNair Exercises, Stretches With Trainers (AP) AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair exercised and stretched with trainers Thursday, but was not able to practice with the Titans because of a bruised sternum.
Insurgents Slaughter 11 Iraqi Soldiers (AP) AP - Insurgents slaughtered 11 Iraqi soldiers, beheading one, then shooting the others execution-style, and declared on an Islamic militant Web site Thursday that Iraqi fighters will avenge "the blood" of women and children killed in U.S. strikes on the guerrilla stronghold of Fallujah.
Judge OKs Arizona Initiative on Ballot (AP) AP - A judge Thursday dismissed a lawsuit that sought to effectively drop from the ballot an Arizona initiative that would restrict government services provided to illegal immigrants.
News.com Extra: Net users trawl for differing views Plus: San Francisco mayor vows to bring Wi-Fi to the city, free computers to housing projects.
Average techie starting salaries to remain stable IT professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says.
Secret Service busts online ID fraud ring In an investigation that led from online forums to a passport-forging facility in Bulgaria, law enforcement officials arrested in the last 48 hours suspects from eight states and six foreign countries on charges of identity theft, computer fraud, credit 
Internet Users Want a Voice In its latest study of Americans #39; online habits, the Pew Internet  amp; American Life Project found that a substantial chunk of internet users want to voice their opinions online.
Sign-Up for Dragonshard Beta Starts Today Atari has opened the initial sign-up phase of the closed beta for its Dungeons  amp; Dragons real-time-strategy title, Dragonshard.
Sluman leads Chrysler Championship after record 62 Palm Harbor, FL (Sports Network) - Jeff Sluman fired a course-record, nine- under-par 62 on Thursday to take the first-round lead at the Chrysler Championship.
Avery Johnson announces retirement Avery Johnson announced his retirement Thursday, officially ending his 16-year playing career and becoming a full-time assistant coach for the Dallas Mavericks.
Kerry sees an omen and reflected glory in Red Sox triumph America toasted its most romantic baseball team yesterday when the Boston Red Sox won the sport #39;s top prize, bringing a cry of delight from Senator John Kerry, the Democratic presidential 
Chinese lead pairs; Bulgarians lead ice dance Former world champions Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo of China won won the short program at Skate Canada with 66.48 points Thursday night.
CARE shuts down Iraq operations The relief agency CARE International has shut down all operations in Iraq and urged insurgents to release its director in Bagdhad, Margaret Hassan, who was kidnapped more than a week ago.
Howard wins control over Senate to tighten grip on power Australia #39;s prime minister, John Howard, won the strongest mandate of any leader in nearly 25 years yesterday when he took control of the upper house of parliament.
Zimbabwean MP jailed for a year after shoving minister Zimbabwe #39;s most persecuted white MP began a year of hard labour last night after parliament voted to jail him for shoving the Justice Minister during a debate over land seizures.
Significant thaw in Israeli-Egyptian relations Recent warming considered by defense establishment as event of significant strategic importance. PM associate: It sounds too good to be true.
Thomas, Everett to Return to Chisox (AP) AP - Frank Thomas is returning to the Chicago White Sox, but Magglio Ordonez appears to be headed elsewhere.
Unemployment Claims Jump by 20,000 (AP) AP - The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week by 20,000, the largest jump in a month, the Labor Department reported Thursday.
Politics, Gas Fuel Battle Over New Mexico Forest (Reuters) Reuters - A Texas energy company may get\rights to drill in a pristine swathe of a New Mexico national\forest after a White House task force intervened on its behalf,\a move that has become a hot issue in the battleground state\before next week's presidential election.
Congo's Rainforest Faces Danger as Loggers Return (Reuters) Reuters - Parked neatly side by side in a\quiet clearing in the heart of Africa's largest rainforest, the\two bright yellow bulldozers look absurdly out of place.
Afghan Kidnappings Prompt Big Security Review (Reuters) Reuters - The abduction of three foreign election\workers in Afghanistan could force aid groups to reduce their\international staff in a country that just finished counting\votes in its first direct presidential election.
W.Va. to Sponsor Public Computing Grid (AP) AP - Researchers and businesses in West Virginia will be able to access the first state-sponsored public Internet computing grid when the Global Grid Exchange is launched next month.
Dollar in Sight of Six-Month Lows Vs Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged toward six month lows  against the yen on Friday, reversing a short-lived rally on  news that China had raised interest rates, as attention  returned to worries about the strength of the U.S. economy.
Afghan Kidnappings Prompt Big Security Review  KABUL (Reuters) - The abduction of three foreign election  workers in Afghanistan could force aid groups to reduce their  international staff in a country that just finished counting  votes in its first direct presidential election.
Beltran, Beltre Among Those Electing Free Agency (Reuters) Reuters - Houston Astros centerfielder\Carlos Beltran and Los Angeles Dodgers third baseman Adrian\Beltre headline a list of 65 players who have declared free\agency Thursday, the first day individuals can officially file.
India ; Rebels set off landmine in Kashmir, 11 dead The victims included the jeep #39;s driver and another civilian accompanying the soldiers who were headed for an operation against militants, said to be hiding in nearby mountains.
Won't Someone PLEASE Think of the Bytes!? \\I was wondering today how many terabytes could have been saved over the years if\URLs would automatically base64 their integer values.\\232 is 2147483647\\Which is 10 bytes.  \\Of course if you base64 encode those values this leaves you with:\\f____w\\Which is only 6 bytes.  Thats a 40 savings!\\
Shell shock as oil giant merges to become one company The oil giant Shell yesterday unveiled plans to merge its British and Dutch halves into a single company under the control of a unified board in what marks the most sweeping 
Fonterra bids US\$1 billion to buy out National Foods Fonterra Co-operative Group Ltd, the world #39;s largest dairy exporter, offered A\$1.34 billion (US\$1 billion) for the shares it does not own in National Foods Ltd, to expand milk sales in Australia and Asia.
Thomas to return, Ordonez might not Frank Thomas is returning to the Chicago White Sox, but Magglio Ordonez appears to be headed elsewhere. While Thomas exercised his \$8 million option Thursday, Ordonez filed for free agency, and general manager 
Capello delighted as Juventus win Fabio Capello finished on top as his Juventus defeated former club AS Roma 2-0 last night in a scrappy game. Alessandro Del Piero scored his third goal in his last two matches and Uruguayan Marcelo Zalayeta added an insurance goal.
Short-circuit causes blast in Pakistan An explosion caused by a short-circuit in the lobby of the Marriott hotel in the Pakistani capital Thursday injured at least six people, including two foreigners, authorities said.
Web-Based Tool Helps Voters Find Polls (AP) AP - With most states reporting massive new voter registrations and many political observers worrying about potential voter confusion and allegations of fraud on Nov.2, one organization has created a web-based tool to answer questions and provide information.
Mbeki goes into Ivory Coast peace talks BOUAKE, Ivory Coast - President Thabo Mbeki on Sunday arrived in the central Ivory Coast rebel stronghold of Bouake, where he received a rousing welcome as a potential peacemaker in the divided country.
Rangers' Francisco Faces Lesser Charge  OAKLAND, California (Sports Network) - Texas Rangers relief  pitcher Frank Francisco will face misdemeanor assault charges  for his part in a September 13 melee between players and fans  during his club's game against the Oakland Athletics.
Approval for New Stadium in Washington Hits a Snag The plan to finance a new stadium for the relocated Montreal Expos has exposed a schism within the District of Columbia's City Council and among its citizens.
Scientists Develop Clean Diesel System (AP) AP - Scientists at the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory say they have developed the first system to convert dirty diesel fuel into a quiet, self-contained and efficient energy source.
Pollution May Be Reducing Calif. Rainfall (AP) AP - Urban air pollution may be reducing rainfall in the Central Valley and along the heavily populated southern California coast, while trimming mountain snowfall that supplies much of the state's drinking and irrigation water and hydroelectric power, a Stanford University professor's study released Thursday shows.
Cassini Radar Sees Titan's 'Cat' (AP) AP - The international Cassini spacecraft is providing evidence that Saturn's planet-size moon Titan is geologically alive and has active atmospheric processes that could be moving material, possibly even liquids, on its surface, scientists said Thursday.
Japan's Unemployment Rate Drops in Sept. (AP) AP - Japan's unemployment rate fell to 4.6 percent in September, the government said Friday in the latest sign of a recovery in the job market of the world's second largest economy.
Films push Sony profits up Sony recorded a 61.6 jump in its net profit in the third quarter of this year thanks to the success of its entertainment and movie sectors, the firm said yesterday.
Shrek creator makes dream debut Spurred on by a large, green ogre, buoyed by a school of wise-cracking fish and with a podgy superhero helping its cause, DreamWorks Animation yesterday saw its share price rise by 41 on its first day of trading.
Banks Begin Paperless Check Clearing Oct. 28 - New banking rules usually go unnoticed by consumers, but a change going into effect today is going to cost consumers plenty.
Fears growing for big drops in house prices Further evidence that the housing market has run out of steam emerged yesterday as the Nationwide reported the first fall in prices for three years.
Cycling: Tougher Tour for Armstrong The route of the 2005 Tour de France was announced yesterday, and the changes look set to test the dominance of the reigning champion, Lance Armstrong.
Vancouver Indy race a question mark VANCOUVER - The future of of the Vancouver Molson Indy Race is up in the air again, following the release of the Champ Car World Series schedule for 2005.
Racing: Lone Star turf magical for Ouija Board Under the cover of darkness, the entire British challenge for Breeders #39; Cup XXI emerged on to the track here at Lone Star Park yesterday.
Baffling bulletins from the muqata All morning they emerged from Yasser Arafat #39;s prison with assurances that the ageing revolutionary was not done for yet. Hanan Ashrawi, the former peace negotiator, revealed that  quot;the president quot; had managed to keep down a breakfast of cornflakes and milk.
Three UN workers seized by militants in Kabul Nato troops are hunting for three UN workers, one of them British-Irish, kidnapped in Afghanistan #39;s first Iraqi-style abduction yesterday.
Isaac Herzog This week, Israel took the biggest step towards solving the Middle East conflict for 30 years when the Knesset backed disengagement from the Gaza Strip.
Powell Says US Can #39;t Hunt Iran Nukes in Caves Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Friday that Washington had no way to force Iran to allow UN inspectors unrestricted access to suspected nuclear sites despite US doubts Tehran would come clean on its own.
China Raises Rates to Cool Its Economy But the step could risk social unrest if heavily indebted state companies respond by laying off more workers.
Injured Favre Misses Another Practice (AP) AP - The Packers' top three offensive performers missed practice again Thursday as quarterback Brett Favre, running back Ahman Green and lineman Marco Rivera were on the sideline.
Webify Helps Insurance Carriers Stretch Legacy Apps (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company's software, built on IBM's on-demand architecture, lets carriers extend the life of legacy applications while pushing out new functionality.
Superfluous Wiki Implementations \\Why are there no fewer than 500 different Wiki implementations?\\MoinMoin, Jot, JSPWiki, InterWiki, MediaWiki, SocialText, Twiki, Team Notepad,\PhpWiki, WikiDoc, Project Forum, xWiki, AspWiki, SnipSnap, AsWiki, eGroupware\Wiki, Hiki, MiniWiki, MyWiki, ParseWiki, PHP Groupware Wiki, Trac, Usemod Wiki,\Wiliki, Zope zWiki... I'm sure I could go on...\\Aren't most of these Open Source?  Can't some of these projects merge?  For god\sake *stop it*!  The world doesn't need another wiki applications.\
WMC shares surge on takeover bid A \$7.4 billion takeover bid for the Australian mining company WMC Resources has seen its share price surge by 36 per cent. The Swiss-based mining house Xstrata wants to add WMC Resources to its Australian mining portfolio.
Black seeks to buy out Hollinger Inc. minority investors, take &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Conrad Black saga took a fresh twist Thursday as the embattled press baron announced plans to buy out other shareholders of Hollinger Inc.
How computer games grew up THEY USED TO be for kids. Space Invaders, Pong, Doom, some of them were shoot-em-up fun, others were just, well, fun. But computer games have changed.
Craig McCaw describes a global wireless world SAN FRANCISCO - For someone who rarely appears before large gatherings, Craig McCaw has spent a lot of time in the spotlight this week at a wireless industry trade show.
Armstrong leaves Tour de France guessing PARIS: Lance Armstrong has left the question marks hovering over his participation on next years Tour de France where the American could stretch his record to seven consecutive victories.
What #39;s bothering Sourav, injury or something else? The news from Nagpur is not good. And we are not talking just about the on field performance of the Indian cricketers. Reports say there is more than what it meets the eye to the thigh (or is groin?
Avery Johnson retires from NBA CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Point guard Avery Johnson retired Thursday as an active player to accept a coaching position with the Dallas Mavericks.
Henman struggles through to last eight Tim Henman was made to work hard to reach the quarter-finals of the Swiss Indoors tournament yesterday before eventually overcoming South African Wesley Moodie in the second round.
Sainsbury consortium plans 25m bid for Leeds The turbulent story of Leeds United took another bizarre turn yesterday as Sebastian Sainsbury, a 41-year-old member of the supermarket dynasty, emerged as the frontman for an American-based 
Gateway loss narrows on PC demand Buoyed by strong consumer demand for personal computers and stringent cost cuts, computer maker Gateway reported a third-quarter loss on Thursday that was much narrower than a year ago.
Route to make it a stiff test for Armstrong The route for next year #39;s Tour de France may provide the stiffest test yet for the six-times winner, Lance Armstrong. Or perhaps not.
Approval for New Stadium in Washington Hits a Snag Maybe the idea of financing a new stadium here for the relocated Montreal Expos seemed easy last month when the city received the news that Major League Baseball would send the team to the nation #39;s capital.
Getting teens beyond textin' Teenagers are fiends for sending text messages from their phones. Virgin Mobile wants them to feast on other services as well.
SAIC takes on Ssangyong Motors Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp (SAIC), one of China #39;s biggest vehicle producers, clinched a much-heralded final deal with creditors of Ssangyong Motors yesterday to take over the No 4 South Korean automaking firm.
Household Survey Sees 100,000 Iraqi Deaths (AP) AP - A survey of deaths in Iraqi households estimates that as many as 100,000 more people may have died throughout the country in the 18 months since the U.S.-led invasion than would be expected based on the death rate before the war.
Feds Indict 19 of Online ID Theft Charges (AP) AP - Federal authorities on Thursday indicted 19 people in the United States and abroad on charges related to a Web site investigators claimed was one of the largest online centers for trafficking in stolen identity information and credit cards.
Kidnappers demand foreign troops quit Iraq Militants piled more pressure on Washington #39;s military allies in Iraq on Thursday, seizing a Polish woman and holding a Japanese man under threat of death.
FEC OKs Unlimited Donations for Recounts (AP) AP - Presidential and congressional candidates can raise unlimited donations to finance recounts as President Bush and Al Gore did for their high-stakes Florida dispute in 2000.
EU leaders to sign constitution Heads of state gather in Rome to sign the EU constitution, as a row over the new Commission continues.
Molecule offers Alzheimer's hope Scientists say they have engineered a molecule which could lead to new treatments for Alzheimer's disease.
Asian Stocks Ease After China Rate Rise  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - China's surprise interest rate rise  weighed down Asian stocks on Friday as investors sold shares of  miners, shippers and other firms whose fortunes have been  closely linked to the country's rapid growth.
Holdsclaw Speaks Out The Mystics' Chamique Holdsclaw said Thursday she is suffering from depression.  The affliction caused her to leave the team in midseason.
Racing's Standard The Breeders' Cup makes it tougher for trainers, horses and veterinarians to cheat and dope their horses than any other competition.
Miami (FL) Hurricanes MIAMI (Ticker) -- In its first season in the Atlantic Coast Conference, No. 11 Virginia Tech is headed to the BCS. Bryan Randall threw two touchdown passes and the Virginia Tech defense came up big all day as the Hokies knocked off No.
Competing for Causes The Leukemia  #38; Lymphoma Society's Team in Training surveyed its runners and found that one of the primary reasons people join a marathon training group is to meet other people.
Cavs Get Needed Rest The off week could not have come at a better time for 13th-ranked Virginia with quarterback Marques Hagans hobbled by an injured hip.
China Raises Rates to Cool Its Economy China #39;s central bank raised official borrowing costs for the first time in nine years Thursday night, a step aimed at slowing breakneck economic growth and inflation 
28 Identity Theft Suspects Arrested in Transatlantic Sting (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Law enforcement authorities on both sides of the Atlantic have arrested 28 people on suspicion of operating Web sites that were allegedly designed to steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
JAPANESE HOSTAGE DEADLINE PASSES The deadline set by Islamic militants for the beheading of a Japanese hostage unless their demands were met has passed with no news of the man #39;s fate.
Japanese races to free hostage; hopes fading Japan raced against the clock yesterday to free a young Japanese hostage in Iraq but had little reason for hope less than a day before the deadline set by al-Qaida-linked militants for his killing.
Pre-Election Tensions Mount in Florida (AP) AP - Pre-election tensions mounted Thursday in Florida amid claims of voter intimidation, promises that absentee ballots will reach the Broward County citizens who are missing them, and concerns that Republicans will question the authenticity of thousands of votes on Election Day.
Sometimes, Vaccines Can Be Good for Business Some have explained the flu vaccine shortage by saying that the vaccines business holds little allure, but vaccines, it turns out, can make for good business.
Two German Automakers Report Mixed Earnings Germany, with its high costs and reluctant consumers, has become a drag on the country's two largest carmakers, DaimlerChrysler and Volkswagen.
Sharp Increase in Early Voting Alters Campaign The surge in early voting is affecting where candidates are sent and money is spent in the final days of the campaign.
Video Shows G.I.'s at Weapon Cache A videotape shows a huge supply of explosives still at Al Qaqaa munitions complex nine days after the fall of Baghdad.
With Nothing Left to Win, Fans of Red Sox Suddenly Feel a Loss Having waited 86 years for World Series glory, Bostonians found themselves swirling with elation, but also scratching their heads.
Droughns Is a Perfect Fit in Shanahan's System With Broncos Reuben Droughns is on pace to become the fifth different running back to eclipse 1,000 yards in a season under Coach Mike Shanahan.
Family Begs for Life of Japanese Hostage in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - The family of a Japanese man being held\hostage in Iraq begged for his life on Friday after the expiry\of a deadline set by his captors, who have threatened to behead\him unless Japan withdrew its troops.
Second Bomb Injures 9 in Thai South - Witnesses  BANGKOK (Reuters) - A second bomb exploded near a food  stall in southern Thailand on Friday, wounding at least nine  members of a bomb squad investigating an earlier blast that  wounded four people.
Billion-Dollar Ball in Delta Pilots #39; Hands Delta Air Lines #39; pilots, by far the best paid in the airline industry, face a painful choice over the next few weeks: accept a tentative deal that calls for a one-third cut in pay, or 
Writing on the  #39;wall #39; n Last edition of the Far Eastern Economic Review is shown on the streets of Hong Kong. The weekly news magazine is to fold in its current form with the loss of 80 jobs, the magazine #39;s publisher Dow Jones said yesterday.
Microsoft, Others File More Anti-Spam Lawsuits Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O and other Internet access providers filed three new lawsuits on Thursday to stop the spread of unsolicited e-mail messages touting everything from home refinancing to miracle health cures.
Central Texas gets look at lunar eclipse Go outside on Wednesday evening and take a look at the moon. It will look mighty strange. The Earth #39;s dark shadow will march across the face of the moon and by 9:30 pm the moon will take on an eerie red color.
FA investigates violence at Bridge The Football Association began an investigation yesterday into the crowd trouble which marred Chelsea #39;s League Cup match against West Ham on Wednesday evening, the second such outbreak at a London match within 24 hours.
Crisis clouds historic EU constitution EU leaders will gather in Rome today to sign an historic new constitution, but the planned celebration of European unity has been transformed into a crisis meeting over the bloc #39;s stalled executive.
Girl trapped in buried car confirmed dead; quake toll 35 NIIGATA (Kyodo) Rescue operations to save three people trapped in a buried car in Nagaoka, Niigata Prefecture, ended without a second miracle Thursday after a 3-year-old girl was confirmed dead.
UN Votes Again for the Lifting of US Economic Blockade Against &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Havana, Oct 28 (AIN) For the 13th consecutive time, the United Nations General Assembly voted Thursday for the lifting of the US economic, financial and commercial blockade against Cuba.
Nervous Cubans swap Yankee dollars for pesos Cubans jammed banks and exchange kiosks to swap their dollars for local pesos on Thursday, as the communist government, retaliating for tightened sanctions, moved 
 #39;04 Series has given us some sloppy baseball To this point -- Boston up 3-0 on St. Louis at Tuesday #39;s press time -- the 2004 World Series has been a major league letdown. I had a feeling that the American League Championship Series was our true World Series.
Thai PM to address nation on protesters #39; deaths The explosion followed a blast late on Thursday that killed two people and wounded about 20 in a border town in Narathiwat province.
China  Brakes With Interest Rate Hike China's central bank raised interest rates Thursday for the first time in nearly a decade, signaling a deep unease with the breakneck pace of development and an intent to curb fears of runaway inflation.
Bill O'Reilly, Producer  Settle Harassment Suit Bill O'Reilly settled a sexual harassment lawsuit by his former producer last night, ending what he called a "brutal ordeal."
Ovitz Defends His Role in ABC Hiring, 'Kundun' GEORGETOWN, Del., Oct. 28 -- Plaintiffs in a shareholder lawsuit over former Walt Disney Co. president Michael Ovitz's \$140 million severance package attempted Thursday to portray Ovitz as a dishonest bumbler who botched the hiring of a major television executive and pushed the release of a movie that angered the Chinese government, damaging Disney's business prospects in the country.
US Airways, UAL Post Third-Quarter Losses US Airways Group Inc. and UAL Corp.'s United Airlines, both operating under bankruptcy court protection, reported losses in the third quarter yesterday, blaming record high fuel prices and an inability to raise fares amid stiff competition.
Oil Firms Report Big Profit Increases ExxonMobil Corp. and Royal Dutch/Shell Group yesterday reported large increases in third-quarter profits, part of an industry-wide windfall caused by high oil prices and strong demand.
New Checking Law Takes Effect Check out your checking account -- and make sure you have enough money in it before you write any checks from now on.
SEC title all Tigers get ATLANTA - Auburn probably will have to be content with a SEC championship because the Tigers aren #39;t likely to get a shot at the title they want.
Rumsfeld joins Iraq explosive row The US Defence Secretary enters the row over large amounts of explosives allegedly looted in Iraq.
Aristide 'wants Haiti elections' The former President of Haiti, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, calls for free and fair elections in his country.
Techie starting salaries to remain stable IT professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says.
Second Bomb Injures 9 in Thai South - Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - A second bomb exploded near a food\stall in southern Thailand on Friday, wounding at least nine\members of a bomb squad investigating an earlier blast that\wounded four people.
Jimenez Wins Hong Kong Open HONG KONG - Miguel Angel Jimenez won the Hong Kong Open for his fifth European tour title of the year, closing with a 4-under 66 on Sunday for a one-stroke victory over Ryder Cup teammate Padraig Harrington and South Africa #39;s James Kingston.
Asian Stocks Ease After China Rate Rise (Reuters) Reuters - China's surprise interest rate rise\weighed down Asian stocks on Friday as investors sold shares of\miners, shippers and other firms whose fortunes have been\closely linked to the country's rapid growth.
Cubs Broadcaster Steve Stone Steps Down (AP) AP - Longtime Chicago Cubs analyst Steve Stone announced Thursday he was leaving WGN-TV, less than one month after coming under fire for on-air comments he made criticizing the team.
Japan Gov. Meets After Body Reported Found (AP) AP - The Japanese government convened an emergency session Friday following a media report that a body believed to be Asian was discovered in Iraq.
Ky. Democrat Responds to Personal Attacks (AP) AP - The Senate race in Kentucky stayed at fever pitch on Thursday as Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo stressed his opposition to gay marriage while accusing Republican incumbent Jim Bunning of fueling personal attacks that seemed to suggest Mongiardo is gay.
Japan Checking Report Asian Body Found in Iraq  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan was checking a media report on  Friday that an Asian body had been found in Iraq after the  expiry of a deadline set for the beheading of a Japanese youth  whose captors had demanded that Tokyo withdraw its troops.
Pitcairn Men Sentenced to Jail for Underage Sex  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Four Pitcairn Island men were sentenced  by a British court to prison terms ranging from two to six  years for raping underage girls on the remote South Pacific  island, a British official said on Friday.
Delta Pilot Pay Cuts May Not Be Enough Delta Air Lines Inc. Chief Executive Gerald Grinstein yesterday said that even if the carrier #39;s pilots approve a \$1 billion cost-cutting agreement, the airline may still have to seek Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
US Airways, UAL Post Third-Quarter Losses US Airways Group Inc. and UAL Corp. #39;s United Airlines, both operating under bankruptcy court protection, reported losses in the third quarter yesterday, blaming record high fuel prices 
CNN Will Close Financial News Channel CNN announced yesterday that it would shut down its CNNfn cable channel next month, abandoning its nine-year-old effort to create a financial news competitor to CNBC.
ISPs File Suits Against Spammers Four of the nation #39;s largest online providers yesterday announced a new round of lawsuits aimed at e-mail spammers, including the first major case involving spam sent via an instant messaging service.
Two killed in bar blast in South Thailand Two people died and more than 20 others were injured when a bomb exploded at a Sungai Kolok bar Thursday night in Southern Thailand, The Nation reports.
Yoran: Feds, companies should continue infrastructure discussions In the event of a computer failure such as the one that caused massive power outages in the Northeast and upper Midwest last year, can the federal government intervene?
Internet Giants File 7 Suits Aimed at Stopping Spam The suits include the first filed by America Online against spammers who use instant messaging, a practice the online industry calls spimming.
ISPs File Suits Against Spammers Four of the nation's largest online providers Thursday announced a new round of lawsuits aimed at e-mail spammers, including the first major case involving spam sent via an instant messaging service. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Transatlantic Sting Nabs  Identity Theft Suspects Law enforcement authorities on both sides of the Atlantic have arrested 28 people on suspicion of operating Web sites that were allegedly designed to steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
SRA Founder to Step Down as CEO Ernst Volgenau, founder of SRA International Inc., said Thursday he will step down as chief executive of the company in January but will continue to serve as chairman of the board.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Approved Stem Cells' Potential Questioned  All of the human embryonic stem cells available to federally funded scientists under President Bush's three-year-old research policy share a previously unrecognized trait that fosters rejection by the immune systems, diminishing their potential as medical treatments, new research indicates.
China #39;s central bank raises interest rate The People #39;s Bank of China, China #39;s central bank, announced yesterday that it would raise both lending and deposit interest rates 0.27 percentage point as of today.
Sony #39;s Profit Surges on Strength of  #39;Spider-Man 2 #39; The Sony Corporation reported a 61 percent increase in net profit for the most recent quarter, as  quot;Spider-Man 2 quot; pulled in big profits for the company #39;s movie division and helped 
Fairytale start for DreamWorks shares DreamWorks Animation, the company behind the blockbuster Shrek movies, has enjoyed a fairytale beginning on Wall Street with its share price leaping nearly 40 per cent.
AP: CNNfn Will Shut Down After 9 Years NEW YORK Oct 28, 2004 - CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt to compete with CNBC after nine years.
AMD Announces Strategy To Hook Up World To Internet Semiconductor supplier AMD announced Thursday (Oct. 28) it has launched an initiative to give 50 percent of the world #39;s population Internet connectivity and computing capabilities 
Digital ID expo enjoys soaring market OCTOBER 28, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - DENVER -- The Digital ID World conference, first launched three years ago to hype emerging identity management technologies, has outgrown this mile-high city while riding the ballistic growth in its target market.
Microsoft Sued Over Broken Xbox DVD Drive A video game fan upset over a failed disc drive in his Xbox video game console has sued Microsoft Corp. on behalf of all Xbox owners across the United States.
Best airs his views on Arsenal rivalry Manchester United legend George Best has revealed his disdain for the perpetrators of the food fight which took place at Old Trafford last weekend after the highly-charged game with Arsenal.
Lone Star ready for Breeders #39; Cup In the spirit of Texas Hold  #39;Em, The Breeders #39; Cup is raising the stakes. Horse racing #39;s richest day is gambling on an untested racetrack tomorrow for the second time 
Calvillo surpasses 6,000-yard plateau to lead Als past Argos 58-20 Anthony Calvillo threw three touchdown passes and surpassed the 6,000-yard plateau as the Montreal Alouettes humiliated the Toronto Argonauts 58-20 on Thursday night.
Ribeiro: Newspaper report was wrong MONTREAL (CP) - Mike Ribeiro says he does not support a salary cap for NHL players. The Montreal Canadiens centre told the all-sports television station RDS on Thursday that a report this week that said he 
A Look at Lawsuits, Voting Problems (AP) AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Thursday:
More  #39;Spaces #39; reaction Since most people using the MSN Spaces service are are just getting their weblogs up and running, it #39;s not easy to tell what a full-fledged blog on the site will look like.
ISPs File Suits Against Spammers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Four of the nation's largest online providers yesterday announced a new round of lawsuits aimed at e-mail spammers, including the first major case involving spam sent via an instant messaging service.
No. 22 Va. Tech Rallies Past Ga. Tech (AP) AP - Bryan Randall threw for 304 yards and two long touchdowns in the fourth quarter as No. 22 Virginia Tech, stifled much of the night, rallied for a 34-20 victory over Georgia Tech on Thursday.
China move hits Australian mining stocks China #39;s surprise decision to raise interest rates to cool its economy pulled the rug out from under Australia #39;s high-flying resource sector on Friday, dragging the local sharemarket down from record highs.
AMD Aims Low-cost Personal Internet Communicator at Developing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AMD launched an initiative to enable 50 of the world #39;s population with Internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015.
Digital ID: How are you managing? Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Fresh Violence Erupts in Southern Thailand (AP) AP - Fresh violence erupted Thursday with the bombing of a bar in Thailand's mostly Muslim south, while villagers held a mass burial for some of the 78 protesters who suffocated while in army custody this week.
Putting a Lid on Babe's Brew After their emphatic sweep of the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series on Wednesday, the Boston Red Sox no longer need to apologize for their history.
China's Bank, in Transition, Raises Rates But the step could risk social unrest if heavily indebted state companies respond by laying off more workers.
Some Drug Makers Find That Vaccines Are Good Business Some have explained the flu vaccine shortage by saying that the vaccines business holds little allure, but vaccines, it turns out, can make for good business.
Google buys digital mapping company Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole, extending the search engine with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
Internet Giants File 7 Suits Aimed at Stopping Spam Four leading Internet service providers announced yesterday that they had filed a new round of lawsuits against senders of junk e-mail, or spam.
Nuggets 93, Rockets 88 DerMarr Johnson scored all eight of his points in the final two minutes, helping the Denver Nuggets rally for a 93-88 victory over the Houston Rockets on Thursday night in the final preseason game for both teams.
Football: Edu gives fracas details Arsenal midfielder Edu lifts the lid on events following the game against Man Utd.
Thai PM to Address Nation as More Bombs Hit South (Reuters) Reuters - Bomb blasts rocked southern\Thailand on Friday hours before Thai Prime Minister Thaksin\Shinawatra was to address the nation as he faces his worst\crisis following the deaths of 85 Muslim protesters. A second\bomb exploded at a busy food stall in Yala province on Friday,\wounding nine bomb squad members who had arrived to investigate\an earlier blast that wounded three people, including one\policeman, hospital officials said.
This Date in Baseball for Oct. 29 (AP) AP - 1931  #151; Lefty Grove, winner of 31 games for the Philadelphia A's, was named the American League MVP.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Live From SES Sweden - AdSense verses Affiliate Programs - Google Is Now Indexing Pop-ups - Redirects, Frames And Cloaking - Do You Avoid Content Targeted Listings? - Image Ads On Google Adwords - The Right way to Count Links?
Hundreds Attend D.C. Meeting on Expos (AP) AP - Residents packed the District of Columbia Council chambers Thursday to praise or pan the mayor's  #36;440 million proposal to refurbish RFK Stadium and build a new ballpark for the Montreal Expos.
The iPod's New Trick: Photo Show A new, top-of-the-line iPod takes the concept of a high-capacity music player in a new direction. Instead of just playing songs, the iPod Photo also shows off your digital pictures.
Weaned on Video Games Video gamers are getting younger and younger. And parents and the video game industry agree that the implications are likely to be huge.
Xbox owner sues over dud drive Game fan upset over failed disc drive sues Microsoft on behalf of all U.S. Xbox owners.
Shell pleases city with UK-Dutch merger OIL giant Shell swept aside nearly 100 years of history yesterday when it unveiled plans to merge its UK and Dutch parent companies.
DreamWorks Spinoff Sees Shares Rise 38 1st Day Shares of DreamWorks Animation Inc. soared nearly 38 percent on the first day of trading Thursday as investors anticipated Shrek-sized profits from the computer animation film studio.
Jury Gets Enron, Merrill Lynch Case Jurors began deliberations in the trial of six former Enron Corp. and Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. executives accused of fraud and conspiracy in the energy trader #39;s 1999 sale of three power-generating barges.
Hobbit-sized #39; skeleton astounds scientists Anthropologists are not often giddy with excitement, but the unearthing of the skeleton of a meter-tall female who hunted pygmy elephants and giant rats 18,000 years ago has them whooping with delight the finding of another piece of the puzzle of the 
Sports and Politics On Tuesday, millions of Americans will decide whether George W. Bush or John F. Kerry will be president of the United States for the next four years.
Castilla would like to return Third baseman Vinny Castilla said he fits fine with the Colorado youth movement, even though he #39;ll turn 38 next season and the Rockies are coming off the second-worst 
Muslim Insurgency Threat Facing Thailand Two bombs exploded today near a tea shop and wounded 20 people in southern Thailand, police said, as violence continued unabated in the Muslim-majority region where residents are seething over the deaths of 78 detainees while in military custody.
Phillies Interview Pendleton for Manager (AP) AP - When Terry Pendleton got a call from Braves general manager John Schuerholz a day after Atlanta's season ended, he wondered if he was getting fired.
Calif. Democrats File FCC Complaint (AP) AP - A gift of free air time to GOP candidates from a Fresno-area broadcaster drew challenges on several fronts Thursday, as Democrats tried to stop the ads from running in key areas before Tuesday's election.
Military Wives Share Pain -- and Often Politics Soldiers who left behind families in the U.S. are divided between Bush and Kerry, but there is little doubt where most stand. Polls show that two-thirds of them favor Bush.
Ailing Arafat Goes to Paris for Treatment (AP) AP - An ailing Yasser Arafat  #151; too weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  #151; agreed to leave his battered West Bank compound for the first time in more than two years and fly to Paris for urgent medical treatment.
A Delta Deal Buys Some Time The troubled airline has scored a money-saving pact with its pilots. But to avert a bankruptcy, more savings are needed. After more than a year of bargaining and some very high-pressure negotiating sessions 
Sony: A Bight Picture? It was once the crown jewel of the Sony empire. But for years now the Japanese company #39;s consumer-electronics division -- responsible for everything from TVs to Walkmans to DVD players -- has been a disaster.
Remains of hobbit-like species found Sydney: The newly discovered remains of a previously unknown species of miniature human in the Indonesian island of Flores, 600 kilometres east of Bali, by Australian and Indonesian scientists, are being hailed as the most significant scientific find of 
World Series Notebhook: Lowe now a big hero in Boston Derek Lowe stood in the boisterous Boston Red Sox clubhouse early yesterday morning, a bottle of champagne in one hand, a cigar in the other.
Cubs TV Analyst Stone Resigns One Month After Making Critical &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Longtime Chicago Cubs analyst Steve Stone announced yesterday he was leaving WGN-TV, less than one month after coming under fire for on-air comments he made criticizing the team.
HORSE RACING Optimism Finally Finds a Home in Funny Cide #39;s Camp Barclay Tagg is infamous in horse racing for his gloomy, grumpy, pessimistic personality, so his enthusiasm, even giddiness, the other day came as a surprise.
Charles Visits Jordan Coach Crash Survivors The Prince of Wales said his heart goes out to the relatives of nine British tourists killed in a bus crash in Jordan. Charles, who was an official 
Sluman Eases to Lead A course-record 62 vaults Jeff Sluman into a two-shot lead after the first round at the Chrysler Championship.
Yao Misses Game Rockets center Yao Ming was held out of the team's final preseason game with Denver on Thursday due to a hyper-extended left elbow.
Mourning Returns Alonzo Mourning had 12 points and five rebounds in his first game since undergoing a kidney transplant in December.
Cambodia's coronation under way Cambodia's new King Sihamoni is anointed by his father as his coronation day gets under way.
Oil Extends  #36;5 Rout, Uneasy Over China (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices deepened this week's 8\percent rout on Friday, edging nearer  #36;50 a barrel as China's\surprise interest rate rise stirred concerns over demand growth\from the world's second largest energy user.
Oil Extends \$5 Rout, Uneasy Over China  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices deepened this week's 8  percent rout on Friday, edging nearer \$50 a barrel as China's  surprise interest rate rise stirred concerns over demand growth  from the world's second largest energy user.
Not too hard to be happy for Red Sox fans Fortunately I have a syndicated sports talk radio show to exorcise my demons as a Yankee fan after the Red Sox won the 2004 World Series.
Start  #39;em or Sit  #39;em: Ravens-Eagles Eagles can be thrown on, but this is Kyle Boller and the Ravens we are talking about. He #39;d be a great start, but losing Jonathan Ogden is a pretty big blow.
Steelers set to give Patriots a challenge Next! A week removed from dispatching a previously undefeated team with haughty intentions, the rocking and rolling and seemingly unbeatable New England Patriots meet a second consecutive 
Rebels execute 11 Iraqi soldiers BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents slaughtered 11 Iraqi soldiers and declared yesterday that Iraqi fighters will avenge women and children killed in US strikes on the guerrilla stronghold of Fallujah.
Bombing kills 2 in Thailand; villagers bury 22 who died in custody Fresh violence erupted yesterday with the bombing of a bar in Thailand #39;s mostly Muslim south, as villagers held a mass burial for some of the 78 protesters who suffocated in army custody this week.
Armitage warns Ukraine to stage free election US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage warned Ukraine today that a flawed presidential election could have dire consequences for the country #39;s relationship with the West.
China Seeks to Soothe Markets Over Rates (Reuters) Reuters - China's central bank sought on Friday\to soothe concerns over its first interest rate hike in nearly\a decade, saying it will not have a big impact on the economy\or the pegged yuan currency.
Differences Emerge The owners disagree with NFL Players Association Executive Director Gene \Upshaw about the league's future economic system says Commissioner Paul \Tagliabue.
Walkouts at three VW German sites Staff at three VW factories start a series of warning strikes, as the carmaker continues talks over cost-cutting plans.
Uncertainty still reigns at Delta ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative deal on pilot concessions and much-needed breathing room, but uncertainty about the carrier #39;s debt restructuring remains.
CNNfn to shut after nine years CNN plans to shut down its CNNfn network in mid-December, cutting 60 jobs in the process. Some of the financial news network #39;s programming will shift to CNN, the Atlanta Business Chronicle reported Thursday.
ExxonMobil #39;s Q3 profit up sharply DALLAS (CBS.MW) - Exxon Mobil on Thursday said third-quarter net income jumped 56 percent, boosted by high oil and gas prices, better refining and marketing results and record chemical earnings.
Views of Titan hint at frozen volcanoes and methane lakes NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft has spotted what may be icy volcanic flows and a large lake of oily liquid on Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan, scientists said Thursday.
Survey: People often give out sensitive details LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Consumers are doing a better job of guarding against identity thieves, yet most still give out too many personal details, making themselves vulnerable to becoming one of the millions of victims each year, according to a survey 
Nets: Mourning looks strong in comback The few who came to watch embraced the significance of the evening, so even as Alonzo Mourning sat down for the final time with 7:50 left in the fourth quarter, they showed their gratitude 
Center likely out four weeks MINNEAPOLIS -- Minnesota senior center Janel McCarville broke her left hand at practice Thursday and is expected to miss four weeks.
Study: 100,000 Iraqis died post-war LONDON, England -- Public health experts have estimated that around 100,000 Iraqi civilians have died since the United States invaded Iraq in March last year.
Blessings for Cambodia's King Norodom Sihamoni as coronation nears (AFP) AFP - Cambodia's new monarch King Norodom Sihamoni received blessings from top Buddhist monks and his parents ahead of his formal coronation ceremony, as Phnom Penh slipped into celebratory mode.
Dollar Near Low V Yen, China Impact Wanes  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar hovered above a six-month low  against the yen on Friday as the market considered the meaning  of a rate rise in China and worried about the strength of the  U.S. economy.
ATA bankruptcy could ground traveling IU students Senior Kris Olsen, like many other students, has already made plans to travel home to New York for Thanksgiving break. But he wonders if his flight will even get off the ground because he #39;s flying with ATA.
Chrysler revs past GM, Ford Unlike its rivals, the automaker makes a profit selling cars and gains US market share. By Brett Clanton / The Detroit News. Chrysler #39;s ongoing recovery got another boost Thursday as the automaker reported 
Bid-rigging scandal envelops top insurance broker in US New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer filed a civil suit on October 14 against the worlds largest insurance broker, Marsh  amp; McLennan, charging the US firm with bid-rigging and other practices 
CNNFN FINALLY PULLS PLUG, ENDING DIFFICULT 9-YR. RUN Time Warner #39;s CNNfn waved the white flag yesterday, saying it was shutting down after nine years of unsuccessfully competing with CNBC for the top business cable station.
Three Afghans Sentenced to Death for Killing Chinese  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan court has sentenced to death  three Afghans convicted of killing 11 Chinese road engineers in  the northeastern province of Kunduz last June, a Supreme Court  Judge said on Friday.
New Images of Titan Show Early Earth-Like Conditions Scientists say new images from the US-European Cassini spacecraft support the view that Saturn #39;s giant moon, Titan, has conditions similar to that of early Earth before life appeared.
Nintendo  amp; Sony Execs Bitch  quot;That #39;s not a game machine, quot; said Yasuhiro Minagawa, head of PR for Nintendo Co., Ltd.  quot;They showed it at the Tokyo Game Show without any fundamental game software, and you can tell that it #39;s not yet complete.
Big ISPs File Second Round of CAN-SPAM Suits Top Internet service providers began a second coordinated legal blitz against spammers yesterday, filing seven lawsuits under the CAN-SPAM Act.
Red Sox sweep Cardinals to win World Series The Boston Red Sox ended their 86-year championship drought with a 3-0 win over the St. Louis Cardinals in Game Four of the World Series.
Sick Arafat Leaves for Treatment in Paris RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat left the West Bank early Friday in a Jordanian military helicopter on his way to receive treatment in Paris for an ailment that has left him haggard and weak.
Australia set India 543 to win third test (Reuters) Reuters - Australia declared their second innings on 329 for five, setting India 543 to win, on the fourth morning of the third test on Friday.
Japanese Central Bank Holds Policy Steady (AP) AP - Japan's central bank kept its loose monetary policy unchanged Friday amid signs that keeping ample cash flowing in the financial system is necessary to keep the nation's economic recovery going.
Market cheers cleaner structure, but reserves loom an oil giant with a corporate governance structure as complicated as its name -s trying to simplify. That was the good news Thursday, but the embattled 
Free security SW to members: AOL The anti virus software will be available when subscribers download a new version of AOL #39;s client software, AOL 9.0 Security Edition, in November.
Agassi advances Andre Agassi advanced to the quarter-finals of the Stockholm Open with a comfortable 6-3 6-4 victory over 1997 champion Jonas Bjorkman of Sweden.
Ramsey Owns Three Breeders' Contenders (AP) AP - Ken Ramsey likes to say he's been successful in practically everything he's taken on. That would sound like bragging coming from just about any other horse owner.
Retrial of Cleric Begins in Indonesia  JAKARTA, Indonesia, Oct. 28 -- The Indonesian government on Thursday opened the retrial of a cleric charged with leading an al Qaeda-linked group and inciting its members to carry out terrorist attacks against U.S. interests.
DreamWorks Animation hits Street running Impeccably timed to take full advantage of the success of  quot;Shark Tale, quot; the initial public offering of DreamWorks Animation SKG went off swimmingly Thursday, floating 38 higher in its first day of trading.
UAL posts \$274 million loss for quarter UAL Corp. posted a third-quarter net loss of \$274 million, joining the long list of air carriers felled by high fuel prices and depressed fares in what is usually the sector #39;s strongest period.
LOCAL EARNINGS Group 1 Automotive posts \$9.6 million loss  Group 1 Automotive reported a net loss of \$9.6 million for the third quarter, which ended Sept. 30. The results include a charge of \$29.
UK gives open source the go-ahead This week, UK government agencies got the go-ahead to use Linux and other open source products in a report published by the UK Office of Government Commerce (OGC).
Short Series was long on highlights Best Player: It was hard to argue with Boston #39;s Manny Ramirez, who was recognized as the MVP. A case could be made for at least four or five other Red Sox, but Ramirez made a significant contribution with his bat in every game.
Mourning #39;s first game after transplant NBA star Alonzo Mourning came back to the court Thursday night in a Nets 2-point-win over the 76ers. BEIJING, Oct. 29 (Xinhuanet) -- NBA star Alonzo Mourning came back to the court Thursday night in a Nets 2-point-win over the 76ers.
3 kidnapped in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan -- Armed men in military uniforms stopped a UN vehicle in Kabul on Thursday, beating the driver and abducting three foreigners who were in Afghanistan to help oversee landmark presidential elections.
Mystery death of British tourist at Ayers Rock deepens after autopsy (AFP) AFP - The mystery death of a middle-aged British tourist near Australia's world renowned Ayers Rock this week deepened following an autopsy that failed to establish the cause, police said.
Weakened Arafat Heads for France, Cancer Suspected  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, weakened by what doctors think may be leukemia, flew  for treatment in France on Friday from the besieged West Bank  headquarters where he had been pinned for over 2-1/2 years.
Frictions over dollar to test global policy-making SINGAPORE: Chinas reluctance to unshackle the yuan when the dollar is plumbing record lows against the euro risks sparking political tensions that could complicate the already fraught task of ironing out global economic imbalances.
WMC rejects \$5.5bn Xstrata bid MELBOURNE - Australian nickel and copper miner WMC Resources rejected aA\$7,4bn takeover bid from Xstrata, but left the door open for a higher offer, which sent its shares soaring.
Millions in the Americas watch lunar eclipse Millions of people in the Americas stayed up on Wednesday to observe a total lunar eclipse that bathed the moon in a coppery red glow and gave scientists a chance to study the Earths atmosphere.
Red Sox victory one for the ages Keith Foulke squeezed the ball tight. After all those years and all that heartache, the Boston Red Sox had the World Series firmly in hand.
Public debate begins in DC The citizens of Washington came to the DC city council on Thursday to express a variety of opinions about the proposed new stadium deal that would bring the Expos to the city.
Twin bomb blasts wound 18 in tense Thai south Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. YALA, Thailand -- Two bomb blasts rocked southern Thailand Friday, injuring at least 18 people as fury mounted 
CNN axes financial channel, to retool Headline News Breaking news: CNN said Thursday it has subjected CNNfn to its own form of numbers-crunching and will shut down the financial news network around the time of its ninth anniversary in mid-December.
New act changes check-cashing procedures It is not exactly illegal now, but  quot;floating quot; a check could get students into trouble much sooner since Oct. 27. The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act revolutionized the way American banks process paper 
Ninth-grader named country #39;s top young scientist Shannon McClintock, a ninth-grader at Scripps Ranch High, did well performing science experiments put before her in a national competition this week in Maryland.
Seeing is believing with Red Sox Boston pitcher Pedro Martinez holds up the championship trophy after the Red Sox defeated the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 in Game 4 to win the World Series on Wednesday in St.
2005 Tour route could level the field The 2005 Tour de France might give other riders their best chance to test Lance Armstrong, if he goes for a seventh consecutive title.
Hundreds Attend DC Meeting on Expos Residents packed the District of Columbia Council chambers Thursday to praise or pan the mayor #39;s \$440 million proposal to refurbish RFK Stadium and build a new ballpark for the Montreal Expos.
Sluman #39;s sensational start A course-record opening 62 has powered American Jeff Sluman to the lead in the Chrysler Championship in Florida, while Aussie Steve Leaney is five shots back.
Randall ignites Hokies to fourth-quarter rally Bryan Randall threw for 304 yards in the game and for two long touchdowns in the fourth quarter as No. 22 Virginia Tech, stifled much of the night, rallied for a 34-20 victory Thursday against Georgia Tech.
How suite it is at Dallas #39; Lone Star Park The locals #39; love of luxury sport viewing has prompted Breeders #39; Cup Ltd., the National Thoroughbred Racing Association and Lone Star Park at Grand Prairie to offer temporary suites for the first time in the event #39;s 20-year history.
Japanese government convenes emergency session after body &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO The Japanese government has convened an emergency session. This, after a report that a body believed to be Asian was discovered in Iraq.
Militants kidnap three foreigners in Kabul Islamic militants claim they are holding three foreign election workers kidnapped Thursday from a UN vehicle in the Afghan capital of Kabul.
Aon chairman fighting for company amid insurance investigation CHICAGO - Aon Corp. chairman and CEO Patrick Ryan is fighting to show his company is free from wrongdoing as New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer expands his investigation into questionable insurance industry practices.
Kashmir policeman killed, four injured in rebel aattacks (AFP) AFP - A policeman was killed and four people injured, one a civilian, in two separate ambushes by Islamic militants in Indian Kashmir, police said.
Arafat Flies to France for Treatment  AMMAN (Reuters) - A French jet left Amman on Friday taking  ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat for treatment in Paris,  witnesses said.
Radar Images Suggest a Saturn Moon's Landscape Contains Basins of Ice The Cassini spacecraft's first radar images of Saturn's largest moon, Titan, have revealed a diverse frozen landscape of bright streaks and dark regions.
Fall in price of oil reflects rising supply Crude-oil futures sank for a fourth straight day yesterday, settling beneath \$43 a barrel for the first time in nearly three months and capping a 14 percent decline for the week.
DNA as a Sex-Crime Solver: Good Tool, Not Whole Solution A race to pursue DNA-based indictments has made apparent that no matter how sophisticated the science of DNA, a genetic profile is less than half the battle.
New Species Revealed: Tiny Cousins of Humans Archaeologists have unearthed evidence of a species of dwarf people, dubbed Homo floresiensis.
Iverson's Career at a Crossroads (AP) AP - At his worst, Allen Iverson has been seen as selfish and sullen; contentious and contradictory, a magnet for trouble away from the court.
UK Gives Open Source The OK (TechWeb) TechWeb - A UK government report encourages public agencies to consider using Linux and other open-source alternatives to commercial software.
Japan Scrambles After Report Asian Body Found in Iraq  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan scrambled on Friday to check a  report that an Asian body had been found in Iraq after a  deadline expired for the beheading of a Japanese man whose  captors had demanded that Tokyo withdraw its troops.
Arafat flying to Paris for treatment RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A medical team was flying Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to France early today for emergency treatment in the clearest sign yet that he is suffering from a severe but still unconfirmed illness that Palestinian officials said yesterday could be life-threatening.
African troops to monitor shaky cease-fire in Sudan  EL-FASHER, Sudan -- A contingent of 50 Nigerian soldiers arrived in Darfur yesterday aboard a US military plane, the first of 3,000 additional African Union troops deployed to monitor an unsteady cease-fire in Sudan's western region.
More Iraq civilian deaths seen in study  WASHINGTON -- The first nationwide survey of Iraqi deaths since the US-led invasion concludes that about 100,000 people have died as a result of the war, including many women and children killed in coalition airstrikes.
The world today UNITED NATIONS North Korea terms US exercise as threat North Korea yesterday warned that a US-led naval exercise held off its shores threatened global stability and could also undermine six-party talks aimed at ending a crisis over its nuclear ambitions. The exercise, staged to help stop the spread of weapons of mass destruction,  quot;constitutes a breach of the Charter of ...
Muslims mourn -- and seethe -- over deaths of 78 in Thailand  TALOH MANOH, Thailand -- Villagers yesterday buried some of the 78 Muslims who died in military custody after a protest in troubled southern Thailand, while authorities insisted at a briefing for diplomats that the detainees were not intentionally mistreated.
Girl among 3 Palestinians killed GAZA CITY -- Three Palestinians, including an 8-year-old girl, were killed in separate clashes with the Israeli army yesterday, and an Israeli soldier was killed when Palestinians shelled a Gaza Strip settlement.
As trial opens, cleric accused in Bali bombings declares innocence JAKARTA, Indonesia -- A Muslim cleric accused of heading the terror group blamed for the Bali bombings proclaimed his innocence and said the charges were the work of President Bush and  quot;his slave quot; -- Australian Prime Minister John Howard -- at the opening of his trial yesterday.
Stern says labor worries premature as NBA season approaches (AFP) AFP - As the start of the National Basketball Association season approaches, commissioner David Stern offered soothing words for those worried that the expiration of the collective bargaining agreement next year could signal a work stoppage.
The party rolls on As many as 3.6 million people are expected to flood the city tomorrow morning to celebrate the Red Sox' World Series victory with a confetti-filled parade that could break Boston crowd records.
Epstein was an old pro Multimillion-dollar baseball dealmaker by day, garage-band guitarist by night, Theo Epstein found refuge one brutally cold night last January a few blocks from his childhood home in the warm cocoon of a couple thousand Red Sox fans stoking the embers of their unrequited dream: a new world championship banner fluttering over Fenway Park.
The feeling is unbelievable ST. LOUIS -- I called the Red Sox switchboard early yesterday afternoon. It took a while to plow through the recorded message, but when an operator finally came on, she said,  quot;Thank you for calling the . . . um . . . world champion Boston Red Sox. quot;
Silencing St. Louis was as easy as 1-2-3 ST. LOUIS -- There is no mystery, longtime scout Keith Champion said, about how Red Sox pitching was able to shut down the high-powered offense of the St. Louis Cardinals, a team Champion saw almost two dozen times this season.
Likely many of this rank could soon be filing The championship euphoria has hardly abated. However it's never too early to start thinking about free agency. Not so much who's coming, but which Red Sox may not be around to bask in the Fenway love when the 2004 World Series flag is raised in April.
Fast start to free agency for Beltran Carlos Beltran got off to a fast start in the free agent market, too. After hitting eight home runs for the Houston Astros to tie the postseason record, the speedy center fielder was among 65 players who filed for free agency yesterday on the first possible day.
A site where prayers were answered Despite all that's been said about a curse, a lot of Red Sox fans weren't thinking of Babe Ruth or Bucky Dent the moment Boston won the World Series Wednesday night.
Celebration bringing fans from all over From the foot of the White Mountains to the tidal flats of Ipswich, in coffee shops and college campuses, gas stations and law firms, everywhere that Pedro, Manny, and Curt are revered, they heard the call beckoning them to the shrine of Beantown baseball.
Yankee fans forced to face harsh reality NEW YORK - They clung to hope that the Red Sox would choke at the last minute and once again fail to win the World Series, but when it didn't happen, some Yankees fans yesterday begrudgingly gave the Sox their due.
Bank to add up to 900 jobs in R.I. Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will add up to 900 jobs in Rhode Island with the opening of a call center in East Providence.
NFL games on TV NY GIANTS (4-2) vs. MINNESOTA (5-1) When, where: Sunday, 1 p.m., at Minneapolis. TV: Ch. 25. Last season: Giants won, 29-17. Comments: Giants QB Kurt Warner has an .831 completion percentage over his career against Minnesota. The Vikings have rolled up more than 300 yards of total offense in an NFL-record 35 straight games. Giants DE Michael Strahan is the ...
After failed attempts, One Beacon gets sold One Beacon Street, one of Boston's earliest prominent office towers, was sold yesterday for about \$340 million, the third time in two years a sale had been in the works for the 34-story building.
AT amp;T settles land-rights suit linking Internet age with 1850s Hundreds of Massachusetts homeowners and businesses could soon start getting \$100 and \$200 checks from AT amp;T Corp. -- but it's not an enticement to switch long-distance service.
China hikes rates to cool growth China's central bank yesterday raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, signaling deepening unease with the breakneck pace of development and an intent to reign in a construction boom now sowing fears of runaway inflation.
But seriously, folks One thing about the up-and-down world of the NFL: You can't shy away from teams coming off bad performances, because that would leave you with no one to pick.
Oil price drops to under \$51 per barrel Crude oil futures prices dropped below \$51 a barrel yesterday as supply concerns ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter eased after an unexpectedly high rise in US inventories.
Spitzer says Marsh could face penalty 'far higher' than \$500m The price for settling state charges of collusion and bid-rigging by the nation's largest insurance broker could be ''far higher quot; than \$500 million, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said yesterday.
Sour taste left by turnovers With the regular season less than a week away, coach Doc Rivers and the players agree a lot of work remains, so the Celtics may practice twice today.
DreamWorks soars on 1st day Shrek-sized hopes lift shares up 38 Shares of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. jumped 38 percent on the first day of trading yesterday as investors anticipated Shrek-sized profits from the computer animation film studio.
Gators are looking to past -- for future The search for a new coach at the University of Florida should and will be a short one. Former Gators coach Steve Spurrier soon will be back in Gainesville. Spurrier's season of self-imposed inactivity -- after resigning from the Washington Redskins following last season -- is almost over, and word has it he was starting to look around for new ...
Malden Mills buyback plan hits setback Aaron M. Feuerstein's ambitions to buy back control of Malden Mills Industries Inc. suffered a blow recently when a major real estate partner said it was no longer interested in continuing a financing agreement.
Cowbells will be at the ready As the days grow shorter and winter approaches, the weather hardly seems fit for cycling. But for many riders, it's the perfect time for the cyclocross, when they abandon the road bikes they've ridden all summer and go off road.
Rising health costs lead many consumers to cut retirement savings, survey finds A rising number of Americans say healthcare is the most critical issue facing America today, and many are having trouble covering the costs, according to a survey released yesterday.
Raytheon sees quarterly profit Raytheon Co. reported yesterday it swung to a profit in the third quarter and that revenue surged 13 percent, benefiting from rising military spending and more orders for its business jets.
CNN to shut down its CNNfn network CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.
Ovitz defends his tenure at Disney Michael Ovitz staunchly defended his efforts as president of the Walt Disney Co. yesterday in between biting exchanges with the attorney representing shareholders in a \$140 million lawsuit.
Local teams gear up for tournaments Some local women's soccer and field hockey teams are ready to make some noise in the NCAA tournaments.
Carriers attempt to stay afloat  #39;Reaching a preliminary pilot agreement is the single most important hurdle they have to clear, but certainly not the only one.
Airlines #39; pain is SRQ #39;s gain MANATEE - Two of its airlines are in bankruptcy and a third has avoided - at least temporarily - a similar fate, but Sarasota-Bradenton International Airport could end up benefiting from the tumult, its top executive said Thursday.
United, Frontier report losses United Airlines #39; parent company posted a \$274 million third-quarter loss and reiterated its need to slash labor costs. The company said that in the fourth quarter it may not be able to comply with a covenant 
Stock-crash calamity unlikely today Seventy-five years after the 1929 collapse, experts say market tumbles will still occur but a mature US economy is more equipped to handle them.
Wal-Mart study shows clear bias A last-ditch \$3 million ad campaign for Proposition 72 features Wal-Mart as a health-insurance miser. The ads even led Wal-Mart to contribute to the  quot;no quot; campaign  quot;to defend (its) honor.
Viacom profits up due to cable, TV Viacom Inc., the media conglomerate, said Thursday that profits grew 11.6 percent in the third quarter because of a jump in advertising at its cable and television networks.
Voting machine has trial by fire President Bush and Sen. John Kerry aren #39;t the only ones whose futures are riding on Tuesday #39;s election. Also at stake: the reputation of Diebold, the largest maker of electronic voting machines.
Tony Hawk gave up violin for skateboarding Skateboarding icon Tony Hawk reportedly gave up a budding career as a violinist to pursue his freewheeling boarding passion. Hawk, a professional skateboarder who has become a household name thanks to successful 
India rocked early in run chase India are already in massive trouble, losing two wickets straight after lunch as they chase an unlikely 543 for victory against Australia in the third Test in Nagpur.
Randall rallies No. 22 Va. Tech Virginia Tech just couldn #39;t seem to get going. There were turnovers. There were botched plays. There were missed opportunities.
Ravens #39; Ogden signs long-term deal All-Pro left tackle Jonathan Ogden signed a new seven-year contract Thursday with the Baltimore Ravens. The deal should allow the seven-time Pro Bowler to finish his career with the Ravens.
Gators are looking to past -- for future The search for a new coach at the University of Florida should and will be a short one. Former Gators coach Steve Spurrier soon will be back in Gainesville.
What game? TV can #39;t get off sideline It is late in the game, the Patriots clinging to a 2-point lead, and Heinz Field is rocking. The diehard Steeler fans are roaring as their heroes march upfield for what could be a winning field goal.
Defender takes Galaxy personally Rapids coach Tim Hankinson saw it in Lewis #39; eyes last Friday when the 22-year-old defender helped Colorado defeat his former team in the first game of the Western Conference semifinals.
Troubled Mitsubishi Motors denies reported tie-up with PSA Peugeot (AFP) AFP - Scandal-hit Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors denied reports that it was negotiating a business link with PSA Peugeot Citroen Group of France.
EU Leaders to Sign Constitution Today Italian carabinieri patrol Rome #39;s Capitoline Hill square, designed by Michelangelo , Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004, the night before the signing of the first ever EU Constitution.
Uncertainties remain in Mideast The Israeli Knesset #39;s approval of a plan to dismantle Jewish settlements in Gaza and part of the West bank raises hopes for Middle East peace progress, but, as always in the region, there are myriad uncertainties.
11 guardsmen killed, Iraqi insurgents say Iraq #39;s hostage crisis continued unabated yesterday, with one group of insurgents claiming that it had killed 11 Iraqi national guardsmen, another saying it had abducted 
Purdue's Defense Is Pretty Good, Too (AP) AP - There was a reason all the preseason hubbub about Purdue was on its offense, and it wasn't just because of Kyle Orton's spectacular arm.
Michael Cherkasky: Now in Public Hotseat, Has Quieter Repute in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; may have been surprised to learn that he had stepped in as head of the beleaguered insurance company, Marsh  amp; McLennan, on Monday, October 25, and has been in the national media spotlight ever since.
Spaniards Garcia, Lara lead in Spain Sergio Garcia shot 4-under-par 67 in the wind Thursday to share the first-round lead at the Volvo Masters with fellow Spaniard Jose Manuel Lara, who was stung by a bee early in his round.
Sluman sizzling despite bad back PALM HARBOR - A course record on the Westin Innisbrook Resort #39;s Copperhead Course was the furthest thing from Jeff Sluman #39;s mind Thursday.
Hurricanes Damaged Florida Polling Places (AP) AP - The hurricanes that struck Florida this year left polling places in shambles and displaced thousands of voters, but election officials say they are taking steps to allow everyone the opportunity to cast a ballot Nov. 2.
End to N.Korea Crisis Unlikely Under Kim--General  SEOUL (Reuters) - A permanent solution to the North Korean  nuclear crisis is unlikely until Pyongyang's communist system  gives way to democracy, a prominent former South Korean general  said on Friday.
Europe vote 'early 2006' - Straw Jack Straw says the UK is likely to hold a vote on the EU constitution early in 2006, as Tony Blair prepares to sign up to it.
What can \$2-million do for your office? Michael Ovitz, who had a brief but extremely lucrative career as president of Walt Disney Co. in the mid 1990s, might emerge as the latest embodiment of corporate spending run amok.
State moves against former Metropolitan Mortgage brokers State securities regulators have moved to suspend or revoke the licenses of nine former brokers for Metropolitan Mortgage  amp; Securities, the bankrupt financial conglomerate that has left thousands of people across the Northwest holding hundreds of millions 
State Health Care Proposition Would Benefit Many Workers It is often said that national trends originate in California. By voting yes on Proposition 72 next Tuesday, California voters have a chance to start a positive national trend toward solving our health care crisis.
 #39;Hobbit #39; find raises debate on humanity SYDNEY - The discovery of a skeleton of a female barely one metre tall who hunted pygmy elephants and giant rats 18000 years ago could force a reassessment of the origins of humanity, scientists in Australia said yesterday.
Thursday #39;s foggy commute caused little trouble, police say Fog cut visibility during the Thursday morning rush hour, but the National Weather Service didn #39;t expect a repeat performance today.
THE DARKNESS JUST when you thought the dark days were over for good, they came back with a vengeance. Perhaps it might not have needed Nostradamus to predict the outbreaks of violence at both Millwall and Chelsea this week.
Sluman shoots ahead in Florida Jeff Sluman fired a nine-under 62 yesterday to take a two-stroke lead after the first round of the \$5 million Chrysler Championship in Florida.
Red Sox celebrations net 39 arrests Thirty-nine people were arrested, including the son of Boston University #39;s former president, and 63 were injured as tens of thousands of Red Sox fans gathered near Fenway Park to celebrate the team #39;s historic World Series victory.
RI pushes Thailand to apply justice to restore order in south &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA (AFP): Indonesia, the world #39;s most populous Muslim nation, urged Thailand Friday to bring to justice officers responsible for the deaths of more than 80 Muslims in the country #39;s violence-plagued south.
Cambodia set to crown new king PHNOM PENH, Cambodia -- Cambodia is preparing to crown its first new king in decades later Friday, amid an array of official celebrations.
Deutsche Bank third quarter at top end of expectations (AFP) AFP - Deutsche Bank said that its bottom-line earnings rose strongly in the third quarter, thanks to a partial improvement in underlying business and lower costs and risk provisions.
Cheney to Make Visit to Hawaii on Sunday (AP) AP - Making a major detour on the campaign trail, Vice President Dick Cheney on Sunday night will rally voters in Hawaii where just two Republicans have ever won the state in a presidential race.
Manhunt underway for UN hostages, as fears rise of Iraq-style kindappings (AFP) AFP - A massive manhunt was underway for three UN foreign election workers whose daylight abduction in Kabul has sparked fears of the start of Iraq-style kidnappings in Afghanistan.
Dollar Falls to 6-Month Low Vs Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hit a six-month low against  the yen and drifted near recent eight-month lows versus the  euro on Friday as investors considered the effect of China's  interest rate hike on currencies and the U.S economic outlook.
Oil Stems Slide, Uneasy Over China Rates  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices stepped back from this  week's eight percent rout on Friday, holding well above \$50 a  barrel as analysts said it would take more than China's mild  interest rate rise to stem demand growth from the world's  second largest user.
Unlike rivals, Chrysler turns profit in sales The Auburn Hills-based Chrysler Group did something crosstown rivals General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. could not do during the third quarter of the year: It made money selling cars and trucks.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Fairfax Eyes Role In Media Shake-Up SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--As investors speculate about the future landscape of the Australian media industry, newspaper publisher John Fairfax Holdings Ltd.
GTA latest to sell 25m Tinsel town has leant its magic to a new video game with a Hollywood cast and an 18 certificate. The eagerly awaited PlayStation 2 Grand Theft Auto game San Andreas is expected to sell 25million copies worldwide for about 40 each.
Mourning sees 1st post-transplant time Alonzo Mourning played for the New Jersey Nets on Thursday for first time since a kidney transplant in December. Mourning, 34, finished with 12 points and five rebounds in 19 minutes in the Nets #39; 96-94 victory over Philadelphia.
Household Survey Sees 100,000 Iraqi Deaths Researchers have estimated that as many as 100,000 more Iraqis - many of them women and children - died since the start of the US-led invasion of Iraq than would have been expected otherwise, based on the death rate before the war.
To Which Viktor the Spoils? This weekend Ukraine votes for its first new president in 10 years. The accusations, scare tactics and media bias surrounding the contest between current Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and former PM and 
China Seeks to Soothe Markets on Rates  BEIJING (Reuters) - China sought Friday to soothe concerns  over a surprise interest rate rise, its first in nearly a  decade and one which is expected to kick off a series of  increases to cool growth in the world's seventh-biggest  economy.
Key New England games UCONN (5-2) vs. SYRACUSE (3-4) When, where: Tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., at Syracuse, N.Y. Last season: First meeting. Comments: UConn is coming off a 45-31 victory against Temple. Dan Orlovsky became UConn's career leader in TD passes. He was 18 of 26 for 260 yards, with two TDs and one interception. LBs Maurice Lloyd and Alfred Fincher combined for 29 tackles ...
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 CATHOLIC -- Malden Catholic at BC High, 7. GREATER BOSTON -- Revere at Malden, 6:30; Waltham at Peabody, 7.
Transactions BASEBALL Chicago (NL): Declined to exercise 2005 options on OF Moises Alou and 2B Mark Grudzielanek. Chicago (AL): DH Frank Thomas and OF Carl Everett exercised their 2005 contract options; exercised 2005 contract option on P Shingo Takatsu; declined to exercise 2005 contract option C Sandy Alomar Jr. Cleveland (AL): Agreed to terms with RHP Scott Elarton on a one-year ...
Dali aide convicted of 'touch-up' A former of British assistant of Salvador Dali is convicted of doctoring one of the surrealist's paintings.
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY AUTO RACING 1:30 p.m. -- NASCAR Busch Series Aaron's 312 qualifying at Hampton, Ga., Speed Channel 7 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Bass Pro Shops MBNA 500 qualifying at Hampton, Ga., Speed Channel PRO BASKETBALL 8 p.m. -- Exhibition: Detroit at Minnesota, ESPN 10:30 p.m. -- Exhibition: Phoenix at Sacramento, ESPN COLLEGE FOOTBALL 8 p.m. -- Hawaii at Boise ...
Today's schedule College football: Bryant at Bentley, 7 p.m. College hockey: Men -- Maine at Merrimack, 7 p.m.; UMass at Providence, 7 p.m.; Harvard at Brown, 7 p.m.; Air Force at Holy Cross, 7 p.m.; North Dakota at BC, 8 p.m. Women -- BC at Dartmouth, 5 p.m.; Brown at Maine, 7 p.m.;
It's a family affair Jimmy Jerkens didn't learn how to be a trainer from a racing giant. He was taught by  quot;The Giant Killer, quot; the nickname given to his father, Allen.
Barnstable meets challenge The Barnstable girls' volleyball team was looking for challenging nonleague opponents before the state tournament.
College football games on TV GEORGIA (6-1) vs. FLORIDA (4-3) When, where: Tomorrow, 3:30 p.m., at Jacksonville, Fla. TV : Ch. 4. AP rankings: Georgia is No. 10. Last season: Florida won, 16-13. Comments: It's the beginning of the end for Florida coach Ron Zook, who was fired Monday after a 38-31 upset loss to Mississippi State last week. Florida has won 13 of the ...
Townies in control Last year, Charlestown's Jason White was named Division 7 Player of the Year after rushing for 1,500 yards and seven touchdowns. With that kind of production, who needs a passing game? Apparently the Townies think they do.
As Drama Plays Out, Arafat's Neighbors Express Sorrow, Fear RAMALLAH, West Bank, Oct. 28 -- No crowds of well-wishers massed Thursday outside the Mukata, the mostly ruined compound where Yasser Arafat has been confined for the past two years. Only a throng of reporters assembled, peering through the smoked windows of sedans carrying officials to a frail old man who still embodies the national aspirations of many Palestinians.
Showdown Over Nuclear Plans Awaits Election Winner  For all the focus on foreign policy in this campaign, neither presidential candidate has spent much time explaining what may loom as the largest new challenge after Tuesday:  what to do about Iran.
Concerns over Windows cashpoints Security expert express concerns that cash machines could soon fall victim to Windows viruses.
Indian refinery blast injures 16 Sixteen workers are critically hurt in a huge explosion at an oil refinery near the western Indian city of Baroda.
Filipinos return to devastated homes Thousands of Filipinos have returned to washed-out homes after four deadly storms in two weeks left more than 1,000 people dead or missing, as emergency supplies ran low and fears of disease grew.
UPDATE 2-French firms Sagem, Snecma plan to merge French aircraft engine maker Snecma (SNEC.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) and defence equipment group Sagem (SAGM.PA: Quote, Profile, Research 
Show is over for CNNfn Time Warner finally pulled the plug on CNNfn. After nine years of struggling to gain an audience, the financial network will go off the air in mid-December, CNN president Jim Walton announced yesterday.
Black in offer to buy Hollinger Inc FALLEN Press baron Lord Black is offering to buy back his holding company Hollinger Inc from minority shareholders and take the company private.
Mandrakesoft screams as Linux OS uprooted Mandrakelinux 10.1 Officiel comes with extended support for mobile devices, better hardware compatibility and application upgrades.
Well wishes, fresh plans from George George Steinbrenner, fresh off three days of meetings with his executives as the Yankees plot how to retool for 2005, threw a bouquet at the Red Sox yesterday, congratulating Boston and its ownership group for winning the World Series.
Kiwis crush Bangladesh to wrap up series New Zealand spinner Daniel Vettori has starred in his side #39;s biggest Test win, as the Black Caps defeated Bangladesh by an innings and 101 runs in Chittagong.
Davidoff Swiss Indoors, Basel British number one Tim Henman is ready to seek revenge over Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic at the Davidoff Swiss Indoors event in Basel, having lost their last encounter in the first round of the Olympics in Athens.
Mourning looks good in return Four seconds after he checked into his first basketball game in nearly a year, Alonzo Mourning drilled a jumper from the foul line, then pointed to the ceiling.
Afghans make arrests over kidnappings Afghan authorities have arrested three people and seized a car believed to have been used in the kidnapping of three foreigners, government and security sources say, but there was no word on the fate of the hostages.
Coach Crash Survivors Moved to Capital Hospital By Laura Elston, Deputy Court Correspondent, PA News in Jordan. Five of the British tourists injured in a coach crash in Jordan have been moved to a hospital in the capital city Amman, a doctor said today.
From James Hider in Baghdad THE shaky camera focuses on a bound and blindfolded man, stripped bare except for his camouflage army trousers. A man with a knife appears behind him, grabs his hair and slices his throat, hacking his head off and placing it on his back.
Australian police concerned over missing British tourist (AFP) AFP - Australian police investigating the disappearance of a British tourist missing for almost a week launched a public appeal for information after her bag was found near Sydney's Bondi Beach.
Financial network to end after nine years CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.
Australia #39;s Fairfax poised for growth if media laws relaxed SYDNEY: Australia #39;s Fairfax newspaper group said it is well placed for expansion if the government goes ahead with a plan to use its newly won control of both houses of parliament to relax media ownership laws.
Gateway tiptoes into the black Irvine, California - Gateway reported a narrowed net loss in the first quarter on continued restructuring of its operations and the integration of newly acquired firm eMachines.
Iraq deaths claim  #39;to be studied #39; The government will  quot;examine with very great care quot; claims around 100,000 Iraqi civilians have died as a result of the US-led invasion, Jack Straw has said.
Sox must now avoid a new kind of  #39;curse #39; In the Yale Daily News last Friday, Steven Smith, the master of Branford College, published a paean to the New York Yankees. He stated,  quot;The Yankees represent to me all that is optimistic and confident in 
Porous Border Helps Iranian Smugglers (AP) AP - Kurdish Iranians in poor border towns are taking advantage of the porous boundary with Iraq to sneak into the country for coveted items  #151; like alcohol  #151; to sell back home.
Boxing: Rumble in jungle recalled Former BBC boxing commentator Harry Carpenter relives the Rumble in the Jungle 30 years ago.
Six men sentenced on Pitcairn  SYDNEY -- The mayor and five other men on the small Pacific island of Pitcairn were sentenced to up to six years in prison for a string of rapes and sex attacks dating back 40 years on the remote and isolated home of the HMS Bounty mutineers, British authorities in New Zealand said today.
Bank to add up to 900 jobs in RI Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will add up to 900 jobs in Rhode Island with the opening of a call center in East Providence.
Science: The Earth Explores Cassini Data The Cassini spacecraft has sent back images of Saturn #39;s moon Titan giving scientists the closest views yet of the mysterious satellite.
Microsoft sued over allegedly faulty X-boxes A VIDEO GAME fan upset over an apparently  quot;tiggered quot; disk drive in his Xbox video game console has sued the vendor of the game gear, Microsoft, on behalf of users everywhere.
Massive Online ID Fraud Ring Busted Iphtashu Fitz writes  quot;CNet News is reporting that the US Secret Service in conjunction with authorities in six foreign countries have arrested 28 people in the last 48 hours on charges of identity theft, computer fraud, credit card fraud and conspiracy.
Golf: Sluman tops Chrysler with course-record 62 (October 29, 2004) - PALM HARBOR, Fla. -olf finally felt easy to Greece native Jeff Sluman, and it wasn #39;t hard to see why. From a fairway bunker on the 18th hole, he had to play a 20-yard hook to avoid the trees and reach the elevated green.
Armed group claims to have obtained missing explosives US soldier places a rocket he removed from nearby the wreckage of a car bomb along a road north of the city of Baquba, 60 kms northeast of Baghdad, October 27, into the back of an armoured military vehicle.
Optimists, pessimists, realists, fantasists rafat was flying onboard a French flying hospital from Amman to Paris this morning, and Israelis, enjoying the first rain in eight months, were speculating what would happen next, operating on the assumption that an era has passed, divided between 
Delta still not out of financial woods ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s tentative deal with pilots for \$1 billion in concessions gives the nation #39;s third-largest carrier much-needed breathing room.
Prize to be awarded Nov. 6 Creators of SpaceShipOne, the rocket plane that completed two manned space flights from a Southern California airport in a competition meant to promote private space travel, will get the \$10 
Earth Reveals Its Sensitive Side A new look at climate conditions 55 million years ago shows that the Earth is more sensitive to small changes than previously believed.
Looking for Lance  quot;As of right now, the chances of his participating are 50-50, quot; Johan Bruyneel, Armstrong #39;s longtime directeur sportif at US Postal and now at new title sponsor Discovery Channel, said at a presentation ceremony for the 2005 Tour in Paris Thursday.
Australia Needs Five More Wickets to Claim Series Win in India Australia #39;s cricketers closed in on their first Test series triumph in India for 35 years after reducing the home side to 84-5 at tea on the fourth day of the third Test at Nagpur.
Sports Buzz Fultondale High School football coach Keith Register is probably right when he says he doesn #39;t expect everyone to understand why the Wildcats are forfeiting their last two games.
TENTATIVE TOOMER Amani Toomer sat on the sidelines a second straight day with a strained hamstring, in jeopardy of missing a game for the first time since his rookie season of 1996.
Twin bombs rock southern Thailand Two bombs have rocked southern Thailand on Friday, wounding at least 20 people, as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra vowed there would be no cover up over the deaths of at least 85 Muslim detainees in the volatile region.
Businesses Bet on Ukraine #39;s Future If Russian businesses are helping fund the election campaign of President Vladimir Putin #39;s favored candidate in Ukraine #39;s presidential election at the Kremlin #39;s behest, as some political analysts suspect, those businesses may be better off betting on the 
Indonesia says cleric incited two bombings The Indonesian government yesterday opened the retrial of an Indonesian cleric who is charged with leading an al-Qaida-linked group and inciting its members to carry out terrorist attacks against US interests.
Germany #39;s Volkswagen workers stage warning strikes Workers at Germany #39;s automobile giant Volkswagen (VW) have staged warning strikes in the on-going wage dispute with the management.
US giants move to can spammers The US #39;s biggest internet companies have launched yet another crackdown against spammers as part of their latest efforts to protect net users from junk email.
Space Race Focuses on Money Burt Rutan and Paul Allen #39;s spunky-looking little spaceplane had just returned to the runway after winning the \$10 million Ansari X Prize, and prize founder Peter Diamandis had a message for investors around the world who might be watching.
Dein reveals Wenger approaches Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein has revealed that two national teams tried to lure manager Arsene Wenger from Highbury last summer.
Warner can #39;t be like Vikes When the Giants enter the Metrodome Sunday, they will do so under circumstances eerily similar to their last visit, almost one year ago.
Sudden change is inevitable The death or long-term incapacitation of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be a turning point in Middle East history. It could suddenly remove an obstacle to peace or unleash a bloody power struggle among Palestinians factions.
Mini-series plan for 9/11 report The ABC and NBC television networks each plan to turn the 9/11 Commission Report into a mini-series.
Gravely ill Arafat bound for Paris for urgent medical care (AFP) AFP - Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was en route by plane to a French military hospital outside Paris for urgent medical treatment of what is said to be a potentially fatal blood disorder.
DreamWorks Spinoff Sees Shares Rise 38 1st Day LOS ANGELES, Oct. 28 -- Shares of DreamWorks Animation Inc. soared nearly 38 percent on the first day of trading Thursday as investors anticipated Shrek-sized profits from the computer animation film studio.
Markets Cool to China's Rate Increase (AP) AP - Asian financial markets showed little reaction Friday to China's first interest rate rise in nine years, which analysts welcomed as a shift toward capitalist-style economic tools and away from central planning.
NY Heads for Flat Start; Oil Supportive  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was headed for a flat start  on Friday as the slowing earnings season and tamer crude oil  prices allow investors to turn their attention to economic  growth figures for the third quarter.
Napster founder introduces new file-sharing service Shawn Fanning, founder of Napster, worlds first file trading peer-to-peer network, is back in full force to legalize music swapping with his new venture.
W.Va. to Sponsor Public Computing Grid Researchers and businesses in West Virginia will be able to access the first state-sponsored public Internet computing grid when the Global Grid Exchange is launched next month.
Security Tightened in Paris for Arafat (AP) AP - France stepped up security Friday morning at a military hospital outside Paris where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be taken for treatment.
Space Race Focuses on Money Now that SpaceShipOne has proved private companies can reach space, the next hurdle is finding investors -- an even more difficult task. By Dan Brekke.
Porn Is Going Mobile Pornography may be the thing that turns cell phones into cheap, fast content-delivery systems. But porn fans want more from their mobile adult content -- and size ain't the only thing that matters. Commentary by Gina Lynn.
Sun Shines Light on Music History The roots of rock 'n' roll -- and even the bloodline of geekdom and the home electronics explosion -- can be traced to a little room in Memphis, Tennessee. Michelle Delio reveals the secrets of Sun Studio's signature sounds.
Don't Knock the Birdbrains Scientists flock to songbird research, hoping finches and canaries will provide insight into the mysteries of human speech, memory and neuron production. Randy Dotinga reports from the Society for Neuroscience convention in San Diego.
Pledge Allegiance to the Penguin We pledge allegiance to the penguin, and the intellectual property regime for which he stands. One nation, under Linux, with free music and open-source software for all. Welcome to Brazil! By Julian Dibbell from Wired magazine.
Earth Reveals Its Sensitive Side Researchers look back millions of years to predict how the Earth may react to current elevated levels of carbon dioxide. They say our planet appears more vulnerable to the greenhouse gas than previously believed. By Stephen Leahy.
File Sharers Win More Protection A Pennsylvania court orders internet service providers to give detailed notice of how alleged file sharers can respond to subpoenas from the music industry. Meanwhile, the RIAA sues another 750 people. By Katie Dean.
Scots count cost of plastic bags Scots DIY enthusiasts will now pay for plastic bags as a big chain tries to cut pollution.
NTT DoCoMo profits fall on stiff cellphone competition (AFP) AFP - Japan's top mobile phone operator NTT DoCoMo said its interim sales and profits fell due to stiff competition but forecast higher profitability in the full year.
Crucial Senate races costly, caustic (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Money and mud are flying in the final days of nine close contests that will determine which party controls the Senate next year.
Seven Still at Large in Plot to Bomb Spanish Court  MADRID (Reuters) - Seven men implicated in a suspected  Islamic radical plot to blow up Spain's High Court remain at  large despite the arrests of 13 more people, police sources  said on Friday.  Among those still sought by police is Abdellah Hawari, believed  to be the second highest ranking member of the "Martyrs for  Morocco," a group that authorities said formed in prison and  took steps to load a truck with half a ton of dynamite.
Sony 2Q net profit rises, revenues dip MUMBAI: Electronics and entertainment major Sony has reported a 61 per cent increase in net profit for the second quarter ended 30 September.. Sony #39;s net income rose to 53.2 billion yen (\$500 million) from 
UAL Corp. takes \$274 mil. hit in 3rd quarter United Airlines parent UAL Corp. suffered a loss of \$274 million for the third quarter of this year, a smaller hit than it took in the same period of last year, when it lost \$367 million.
Black to privatise Hollinger Inc LORD BLACK of Crossharbour plans to privatise Hollinger Inc, his Canadian holding company, following a very public investigation into the way he ran his former media empire.
French firms Snecma, Sagem poised to announce merger French aircraft motor maker Snecma and French telecommunications equipment group Sagem  quot;will announce their merger on Friday, quot; a Sagem spokeswoman said.
More  #39;Spammers #39; in court A volley of lawsuits was launched against alleged spammers on Thursday by the four major US Internet service providers. This includes a case brought by AOL against twenty individuals accused of spimming, or 
Drug-delivering contact lenses revealed Contact lenses that release controlled doses of drugs to treat eye diseases such as glaucoma have been created by nano-engineers in Singapore.
Monty Makes Disappointing Start Having hit the news pages over his personal life, Colin Montgomerie set about trying to re-ignite his golf career today. But he did not make the best of starts.
Chelsea Cancels Mutu #39;s Contract After Drug Admission (Update1) Chelsea terminated Romania striker Adrian Mutu #39;s contract, citing gross misconduct after the player failed a doping test for cocaine and admitted taking the drug, the English soccer club said in a statement.
In the lap of the Hodds GLENN HODDLES Spanish break has forced West Brom to put on hold their search for a manager. The Baggies want to discover whether first-choice Hoddle is interested in replacing sacked Gary Megson.
French Jewish families demand Arafat interrogation PARIS, Oct 29 (AFP) - The relatives of six French citizens killed in Palestinian attacks in Israel several years ago have called for French authorities to question Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat while he receives treatment in Paris for a serious medical 
Japan Scrambles After Report Asian Body Found in Iraq Japan scrambled on Friday to check a report that an Asian body had been found in Iraq after a deadline expired for the beheading of a Japanese man whose 
Bush should try to cement a possible Mideast breakthrough Israel #39;s parliament made a historic decision in backing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip and four small West Bank settlements.
Interest rate rise by China has West confused CHINA has raised its interest rates for the first time in nine years to curb inflation and stop its fast-growing economy overheating.
Martha #39;s company upbeat Despite a wider quarterly loss, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia was  quot;optimistic quot; about a springtime advertising rebound and an overall strengthening of the company coinciding with Stewart #39;s release 
Yahoo chases Google in mobile search race Yahoo has unveiled its own version of a search facility for mobile phones hot on the heels of similar software from US rival Google.
Suddenly in the mix With Toomer a question mark for Sunday, Taylor, a 6th-round draft choice, might start after making his pro debut last week vs. Lions.
Leaders fire six under par CARIN KOCH of Sweden and South Korea #39;s Grace Park both shot a first round 6-under-par 66 today to share the lead of the CJ Nine Bridges Classic in Jeju.
Pitcairn sex offenders receive sentences Four Pitcairn Island men convicted of multiple sex offenses received jail sentences of between two and six years Friday. Two other men have been ordered to perform community service.
Bennett #39;s family vows to fight against jail sentence The family of Roy Bennett, the Zimbabwean opposition member of parliament who was jailed yesterday on charges of parliamentary misconduct, says it will appeal against the decision.
On Internet's 35th birthday, pioneer still excited about its potential (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - The Internet's first baby steps began in Leonard Kleinrock's UCLA lab 35 years ago today.
FCC sends wrong signal on digital TV (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Yes, our government is now in the business of pushing expensive TV sets on consumers who are wisely keeping their wallets closed.
Hitachi net profit up sevenfold in first half, sees slower H2 (AFP) AFP - Japanese electronics maker Hitachi said its net profit rose more than sevenfold to 41.2 billion yen (390 million dollars) in the first half on strong sales of IT and digital electronics products.
Shares Hit by Earnings, Dollar Falls  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell on poor earnings  news on Friday as investors looked past China's surprise rate  hike to key U.S. Q3 gross domestic product data for the next  read on the health of the world's largest economy.
Indonesia's Hobbit-Sized Humans Find Humble Home (Reuters) Reuters - Newly unearthed remains of hobbit-sized\humans, perhaps one of the most significant finds involving\human evolution in recent years, are being stored in an office\drawer in the Indonesian capital.
Dollar Eyes U.S. Outlook, Hits 6-Mth Low (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hit a six-month low against\the yen and drifted near recent eight-month lows versus a\rising euro on Friday as investors considered the effect of\China's interest rate hike on currencies and the U.S economic\outlook.
Digital Agenda: 10 facts you should know about homeland security Campaign promises have changed little in the run-up to the presidential election, but the rhetoric has intensified.
BoJ keeps easy monetary policy, sees slight inflation next year (AFP) AFP - Japan's central bank maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy to support the economy while forecasting there could be a slight rise in inflation next year, although that would not necessarily mean a change in its stance on interest rates.
New mortgages hit four-year low September saw the lowest number of new mortgage approvals in the UK since August 2000, official figures show.
Crude prices ease further amid China #39;s latest moves to cool its &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The price of crude oil breached the \$51 US mark again after falling for most of the day Friday on a surprising midweek US petroleum stocks report and China #39;s latest moves to cool its economy.
Mortgage lending growth slows Mortgage borrowing rose at its slowest monthly pace in more than two years in September and approvals for home loans dropped to a four-year low, in another sign that the housing market has turned.
ISPs File Next Barrage of Anti-Spam Lawsuits Earthlink filed a federal lawsuit in Atlanta, Georgia, accusing 50  quot;John Does quot; of violating the federal CAN-SPAM Act and various other state and federal statutes, including the federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Georgia Computer Systems Protection 
Linux not ready for mass market Linux is gaining ground with companies but Windows will continue to dominate consumer PCs in the near future. That is the non-contentious conclusion of the latest IDC research.
RIAA files 750 new file-trading lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using P2P software. The 750 new lawsuits were against  quot;John Doe quot; defendants not yet identified by the RIAA.
AMD launches PC  #39;for the rest of us world #39; AMD yesterday formally launched  #39;Emma #39; - its low-cost Internet access appliance - or the  #39;Personal Internet Communicator #39;, as its now officially dubbed.
AOL to give away McAfee to members America Online Inc is bundling antivirus software from McAfee Inc into version 9.0 Security Edition of its online service, providing blanket virus blocking coverage for its approximately 23 million paying subscribers.
Nokia makes play for mobile content Java has suffered as a mobile content platform, compared to Qualcomm Brew, by having a fragmented channel and a confused economic proposition for developers.
Discounts bite into NTT DoCoMo #39;s results Revenue and profit at NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s number one cellular operator, dropped during the first half of its financial year because of discount schemes offered to win and keep subscribers to its 3G mobile cellular network.
Now what, Boston? LONG-SUFFERING Boston Red Sox fans partied far into the night after their team won the 2004 World Series over the St. Louis Cardinals in four straight games.
 #39;Would Frank Lampard Have Been Sacked? #39; Chelsea were dead right - it #39;s bad enough that most of these lads are overpaid anyhow but when they abuse their position to, if you #39;ll pardon the pun,  #39;rub our noses in it #39;, i #39;s out of order.
Stone Gone CHICAGO - After a season full of frustration and several well-documented hissy fits from Cub players, veteran broadcaster Steve Stone announced his resignation Thursday night on WGN AM Radio.
Cambodia crowns former dancer new king Former ballet dancer Norodom Sihamoni was formally crowned as Cambodia #39;s new king Friday in a lavish ceremony at the Royal Palace.
Settlers #39; views: Gaza withdrawal The Israeli parliament has voted in favour of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Jewish settlers out from Gaza. BBC News Online spoke to four settlers about their thoughts on their uncertain future.
Japan Refuses to Give Up Hope on Iraq Hostage  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan refused to give up hope that a  Japanese man taken hostage in Iraq was still alive on Friday  after the passing of a deadline set by his captors to behead  him unless Tokyo withdrew its troops.
Greek Riot Squad Bus Blast Raises Security Fears (Reuters) Reuters - A roadside bomb blast targeting a police\convoy in Athens early on Friday caused no injuries but alarmed\authorities who had been insisting that Greece's leftist\guerrillas were defeated.
Seven Still at Large in Plot to Bomb Spanish Court  MADRID (Reuters) - Seven men implicated in a suspected  Islamic radical plot to blow up Spain's High Court remain at  large despite the arrests of 13 more people, police sources  said on Friday.
Iraq deaths claim 'to be studied' The government will examine claims 100,000 Iraqi civilians have been killed since the US-led invasion, Jack Straw says.
Metro hit by slowdown Metro, Germany's biggest retailer, turns in weaker-than-expected profits as sales at its core supermarkets division dip lower.
Oil Steadies, China Rate Hike Unsettles  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices steadied on Friday after an  eight percent rout driven by a surprise interest rate hike in  China that raised doubts about demand from the world's second  largest energy user.
Gravely Ill Arafat Arrives in France for Treatment  VILLACOUBLAY MILITARY AIRFIELD, France (Reuters) -  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, weakened by what doctors  think may be leukemia, left the West Bank for the first time in  2-1/2 years on Friday and flew to France for medical treatment.
Taiwan's Acer reports lower-than-expected net profit (AFP) AFP - Acer Inc., Taiwan's top personal computer maker, said its net profit for the first three quarters to September fell 34.8 percent to 3.83 billion Taiwan dollars (114 million US).
Toshiba Returns to Profitability (AP) AP - Toshiba Corp., the Japanese electronics and computer maker, said Friday it posted a profit in the first half of its fiscal year, rebounding from losses last year on restructuring and rising sales of digital video recorders, semiconductor memory chips and personal computers. It boosted its forecast for the year.
Stock Futures Flat Before GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were little changed  on Friday before data on third-quarter gross domestic product,  the broadest measure of U.S. economic growth, which was  expected to set the tone for early stock trading.
Pilots at Delta take 33pc cut in pay The airline #39;s chief executive Gerald Grinstein describes the pact as a  quot;crucial step quot; in securing its future. However, he warned that bankruptcy was still a possibility.
Deutsche Bank Boosts Profit Through Cuts Deutsche Bank AG, Germnany #39;s largest bank, said Friday it increased its net profit by 18 percent in the third quarter by clamping down on costs and bad loans while increasing profit from trading securities.
VW workers launch warning strikes HANOVER - About 4,000 Volkswagen workers stayed off the job for about an hour Friday to press demands for higher wages that remained unresolved after a fifth round of talks between their union and management at Europe #39;s largest car maker.
Oil price stems slide Oil prices have stepped back from this week #39;s eight percent rout, holding well above \$50 a barrel as analysts say it will take more than China #39;s mild interest rate rise 
AOL Cans  quot;Spim quot; BetaNews: After tackling Spam, AOL is now waging a two front offensive against spammers. America Online has taken the fight to  quot;Spim, quot; which is crossing over the threshold of disruption.
Intel and Clearwire forge WiMAX alliance Two of the most powerful forces behind WiMAX, Intel and Craig McCaw #39;s Clearwire start-up, have formed a partnership aiming to accelerate development of 802.
Latest Mandrake Linux distro screams into action Mandrakesoft has introduced Mandrakelinux 10.1 Official with the promise that its latest distribution provides extended support for mobile devices, better hardware compatibility, and major application upgrades.
A lot of ground to be covered before space tourism can fly When a privately built rocket plane soared into space earlier this month, astronaut wannabes were giddy with the hope that they #39;d finally make it off the planet.
Dell updates consumer IT services Dell will expand its lineup of consumer IT services with security tips and installation assistance on products other than PCs. The company has created a new Dell Solutions Center web page (www.
AGASSI ADVANCES Andre Agassi advanced to the quarter-finals of the Stockholm Open with a comfortable 6-3 6-4 victory over 1997 champion Jonas Bjorkman of Sweden.
Tennis: Henman in Swiss Indoors quarters Briton Tim Henman struggled to overcome Wayne Moodie of South Africa winning 7-6, 6-7, 6-4 but reached the quarterfinals for the eighth consecutive time at the Swiss Indoors in Basel.
Funny Cide a Classic tale of redemption? Funny things happen when a horse knocks on the door to racing history and can #39;t get through. Smarty Jones, this year #39;s near-Triple Crown winner, is retired to a career as a stallion.
Losing Stone isn #39;ta winning move The smell of champagne, 1918 vintage, was still in my hair Thursday night when I was whisked back into a familiar losing environment.
Hawaii QB credits team for record career Ask Hawaii #39;s Timmy Chang about the 94 touchdowns he has thrown, and he talks about his great receivers and blockers. Ask about his 14,791 yards passing, and he credits his coaches for believing in him.
This stop anything but the pits Just when you #39;re thinking,  quot;Boy, this town has to get up to speed on this quot; ... around the first turn, there it was. Less than 24 hours after it was made official here, it was made official to the rest of the 
Polish hostage, 11 Iraqi police men executed in Iraq One Polish woman has joined the group of other foreigners kidnapped in Iraq after a video tape broadcast by al-Jazeera TV showed an armed group while detaining what it called one Polish woman working for the American forces, calling for releasing her and 
Summary Box: EU Leaders Sign Constitution THE EU CONSTITUTION: The landmark document, achieved after 28 months of negotiation, aims to provide simpler voting rules to end gridlock in the European Union.
Cambodia #39;s new king sworn in Cambodia #39;s new king has been officially sworn in following the surprise abdication of his father. Norodom Sihamoni, 51, was crowned at a ceremony in the capital Phnom Penh after his father King Norodom Sihanouk #39;s decision to stand down earlier this month.
Editor #39;s Notes: The challenge for the Palestinians They don #39;t call him the bulldozer for nothing. Our prime minister is a man who, once he has decided on a course of action, puts his head down and pursues it relentlessly - determinedly impervious to the demands of those who would steer him elsewhere.
Dollar Hits 6-Month Low Vs. Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hit a six-month low against  the yen and drifted above recent eight-month lows versus the  euro on Friday as investors awaited U.S. economic growth data  and next week's presidential elections.
Anadarko Third-Quarter Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Anadarko Petroleum Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=APC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;APC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  No. 1 U.S. independent oil and gas producer, on Friday reported  higher third-quarter earnings on the back of high oil and gas  prices.
Internet service providers file more spam lawsuits In a second round of lawsuits announced on Thursday, four major U.S. Internet service providers (ISPs) are taking on senders of e-mail spam and unwanted commercial messages sent via instant messaging.
Summit on eco-friendly buildings A city which has embraced the concept of eco-friendly housing hosts the International Earthship Conference.
Oracle plots course for growth Oracle #39;s hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft has sparked plenty of fireworks over the past 18 months. It also has highlighted a more subtle dilemma: Oracle #39;s struggles to expand in a maturing software industry.
Iraq body does not resemble Japanese hostage: hospital (AFP) AFP - The body of an Asian man found in Iraq does not resemble a Japanese hostage and was shot dead two days ago, well before a deadline to execute the young traveller expired, forensic experts said.
Start planning today to reduce your tax bill in April Some people don #39;t think about federal income taxes until the first week of April. Others jump on them in late January, as soon as their W-2s show up in the mail.
French groups Sagem and Snecma to merge PARIS, Oct 29 (AFP) - Two major French industrial groups, telecommunications equipment maker Sagem and aerospace engine manufacturer Snecma, announced merger plans Friday that would lead to privatisation of the latter.
Avon Third-Quarter Profit Rises Avon Products Inc. (AVP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted higher quarterly earnings as business in Latin America and Europe helped offset weakness in the United States for the direct seller of cosmetics.
Gateway surprises, posts operating profit Shares of Gateway rose more than 11 percent in after-market trading yesterday after the computer company said it posted its first operating profit in three years.
Japan deflation struggle nears end Bank of Japan says prices will rise 0.1 in  #39;05, but it will likely keep ultra-low interest rates. TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan #39;s five-year bout with deflation is likely to end next year, the Bank of Japan said 
Sears to Pay for Not Reporting Defects Sears, Roebuck and Co. has agreed to pay \$500,000 to resolve federal allegations that it failed to report known defects on riding lawnmowers, federal safety officials said Friday.
Internet service providers file more spam lawsuits In a second round of lawsuits four major US internet service providers (ISPs) are taking on senders of e-mail spam and unwanted commercial messages sent via instant messaging.
Mandrake goes Official with Linux MORENO VALLEY, Calif., and PARIS, Oct. 28 - Mandrakesoft has released Mandrakelinux 10.1 Official, the latest version of its Linux operating system.
Dell #39;s tech docs now making house calls Round Rock-based computer giant Dell Inc. (Nasdaq: DELL) is revamping customer service -- going so far as to make house calls. The reforms offer customers new avenues for help and a new stream of revenue for Dell.
Boston outclassed Cardinals They were outpitched, outhit, outsmarted and outclassed, and soon they were out of the 100th World Series. The St. Louis Cardinals turned out to be just another National League 
Australia clinch series in India Nagpur - Australia #39;s 35-year wait for a Test series triumph on Indian soil ended Friday when its pace bowlers ripped through the Indian batting line-up to clinch a massive 342-run victory in the third Test.
UPDATE 1-Champion Loeb leads in Catalunya rally Newly-crowned world champion Sebastien Loeb led Belgium #39;s Francois Duval by just one second after three stages of the Rally of Catalunya on Friday.
Levein Says Goodbyes to Hearts Players Hearts head coach Craig Levein is poised to join Leicester City after saying his goodbyes to Jambos players at training this morning.
EU clears Flextronics buy of Nortel units (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BRUSSELS (AP) - European Union regulators on Friday cleared the acquisition by Singapore's Flextronics International Ltd. of manufacturing actives from Nortel Networks Corp., Canada's largest technology company.
Seven Uniformed Men Held But No Word of Kidnapped Britain International aid workers kept a low profile today after the brazen daylight kidnapping of a British woman and two other foreign UN election staff in the Afghan capital, Kabul.
Avon Profit Up on International Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Avon Products Inc. on Friday posted a  better-than-expected 33 percent increase in third-quarter  profit as business in Latin America and Europe helped offset  weakness in the United States for the direct seller of  cosmetics.
Iran Sees Small Chance of UN Economic Sanctions  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran believes there is only a 10 percent  chance the U.N. Security Council will impose economic sanctions  on it if Washington succeeds in sending its nuclear case there,  a senior security official said on Friday.
Death penalty for Afghan killers An Afghan court sentences to death three men for killing 11 Chinese road workers in Kunduz in June.
FDA Holds Off Approval of New Merck Drug (Reuters) Reuters - Merck   Co.  on Friday said\U.S. regulators have decided not to approve the company's\experimental arthritis drug, the successor to its recalled\Vioxx pill, until more safety and effectiveness data are\obtained.
Bristol-Myers Posts Lower Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BMY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BMY.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a lower third-quarter profit as revenue fell  amid intense competition for its products from rivals and  generic drugs.
Not So Fast, Linux Anticipation built for weeks beforehand. The city government of Paris, with 17,000 desktop PCs and hundreds of servers, was mulling a technology shift that would have been unthinkable just a few years ago: retiring Microsoft Corp.
EU constitution signed in Rome The leaders of the European Union #39;s 25 member states gathered in Rome Friday to sign the new EU constitution. Later in the day the heads of state planned to return home to try 
Employment Costs Edge Up in Third Quarter  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employment costs rose by  slightly less than expected in the third quarter this year, up  0.9 percent, as benefit costs posted their smallest rise since  early 2002, a government report showed on Friday.
EU leaders trumpet historic new constitution (AFP) AFP - EU leaders signed a historic constitution for the expanding bloc in a fanfare ceremony on the spot where the European Union's forerunner was born, although doubts remain over whether it will ever come into force.
Harvard Plans Major Engineering Expansion (AP) AP - Harvard University is planning a major expansion of its engineering program, including a 67 percent increase in the size of the faculty and the possible establishment of a separate school.
Intel Overhaul Draws Yawns From Voters (AP) AP - Republicans and Democrats were for it  #151; and against it. The families of Sept. 11 victims opposed one plan and approved another. The House wanted its bill, the Senate preferred its own. And most Americans didn't seem to care about attempts by Congress to overhaul the U.S. intelligence system.
Consumer spending lifts US growth US economic growth picked up in the third quarter, fuelled by strong consumer spending, official figures show.
China #39;s interest rate hike necessary, but not sufficient An economist with Asian Development Bank said Friday that China #39;s decision to raise interest rates is necessary, but not enough to curb inflation.
Red Sox hot, but owner #39;s funds cold Boston Red Sox owner John Henry #39;s bet on baseball has paid off big with the team #39;s first World Series championship since 1918, but his calls in the financial markets haven #39;t played out as well.
Oil, Gas Prices Help Chevron Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ChevronTexaco Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CVX.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. oil company, on Friday reported a rise in quarterly  profit, pumped up by record oil and gas prices and gains on  asset sales.
FDA Holds Off Approval of New Merck Arthritis Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. on Friday said U.S.  regulators won't approve its experimental arthritis drug  Arcoxia until the company provides more data showing it is safe  and effective.
Nexen to Buy EnCana Unit for \$2.1 Billion  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nexen Inc. has agreed to buy a  U.K.-based subsidiary of EnCana Corp. in an all-cash deal worth  \$2.1 billion, enabling Canada's fourth largest oil explorer to  expand into the U.K. sector of the North Sea.
Earnings alert: Cell phone unit shores up Verizon Plus: Gateway trims loss in third quarter...EDS delays earnings...Amazon outlook disappoints...PeopleSoft exceeds targets.
Photo: Secret Service takes over Shadowcrew site The Web site of identity-fraud suspects operating as the Shadowcrew has been replaced by information about alleged members' arrests.
Profit Drops at NTT DoCoMo on Service Fees (AP) AP - NTT DoCoMo Inc., Japan's top mobile carrier, reported a 6 percent drop in first fiscal half earnings Friday as it introduced discounts to fight intensifying competition. But it raised its full-year forecast, citing anticipated gains on asset sales.
Stock Futures Signal a Flat Open Today  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were little changed  on Friday, pointing to a flat market open, after third-quarter  gross domestic product data showed the U.S. economy grew at a  slower-than-expected pace.
Education Unit, TV Hike Wash Post Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Washington Post Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPO.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Friday that quarterly profit jumped, boosted by results at its  Kaplan education unit and television broadcasting operations.
Growth Under Forecast in 3rd Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy grew at a healthy\3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter this year,\bolstered by strong consumer spending and accompanied by the\lowest inflation in decades, the Commerce Department said on\Friday.
Bristol-Myers Posts Lower Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.  on\Friday reported a lower third-quarter profit as revenue fell\amid intense competition for its products from rivals and\generic drugs.
Employment Costs Edge Up in Third Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. employment costs rose by\slightly less than expected in the third quarter this year, up\0.9 percent, as benefit costs posted their smallest rise since\early 2002, a government report showed on Friday.
Shroomin' at the Ballot Box Approximately three hours ago, I decided to do mushrooms for the first time in nearly four years. Seemed as good a time as any. It's a sunny October day in Denver. Brown leaves constantly cascade on me as I walk down the sidewalk, blissfully trying to ignore the crackheads who think I'm a walking ATM and a group of ese's who are giving me the evil eye. Church bells are ringing (ringing...ringing really loud...does that always happen around noon?...shit) crazy black dudes are singing along with their 1991-era Walkmans. Everything was peaceful, and I felt at one with the universe.  Why oh why did I decide to fuck it all up by going to vote today?
Arafat Arrives in France for Hospital Treatment A mysterious ailment has weakened Yasir Arafat and raised concerns that Palestinian politics could be plunged into turmoil.
Economic growth less than forecast in Q3, prices muted The US economy grew at a healthy 3.7 annual rate in the third quarter this year, bolstered by strong consumer spending and accompanied by the lowest inflation in decades, the Commerce Department said Friday.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s National Foods Steps Up Bid Defence MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian dairy company National Foods Ltd. (NFD.AU) Friday signaled there is a remote chance a rival bidder may challenge the hostile A\$1.
EnCana sells British operations to Nexen for \$2.1 billion US CALGARY (CP) - Oil giant EnCana Corp. is selling its British North Sea operations to Nexen Inc. for \$2.1 billion US and wants to dispose of its businesses in Ecuador and the Gulf of Mexico as well to focus on North America.
 quot;Hobbit quot; Joins Human Family A new and tiny species of human that lived in Indonesia at the same time our own ancestors were colonising the world were discovered by scientists.
Harvard Plans Major Engineering Expansion CAMBRIDGE, Mass. - Harvard University is planning a major expansion of its engineering program, including a 67 percent increase in the size of the faculty and the possible establishment of a separate school.
Russia to Build Space Launch Pad in South Korea Moscow and Seoul have signed a deal to build a rocket-launch facility in South Korea. It will be built by the end of 2007 in Goheung, South Jeolla province, the Joongang Ilbo newspaper writes.
We all could take a lesson from Red Sox ST. LOUIS T hree hours after the Boston Red Sox turned the lights out on this World Series, a guest staying on the 17th floor of the St.
Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrives in Paris VILLACOUBLAY, France Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was brought to France on Friday and rushed to a military hospital for treatment of a mysterious illness, which has forced him to leave his West Bank headquarters for the first time in nearly 
Eyewitness: Thailand #39;s deadly protest Thailand is in shock after 78 arrested Muslims died in overloaded army trucks after a protest turned violent. The BBC #39;s Tony Cheng has visited the camp where more than 1,000 survivors of the journey are still being held.
Reformist Mazen likely to succeed Arafat Reformist former Palestinian Authority prime minister Abu Mazen will temporarily take over chairman Yasser Arafat #39;s authority, Palestinian sources said.
Tumbleweeds in the Bloodstream Tiny sensors, shaped like tumbleweed and small enough to fit inside a blood vessel, might one day ride to space inside astronauts' bodies, warning the space travelers when radiation is damaging their cells. 
Treasuries Turn Flat on GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries recouped early losses on  Friday after data showed the U.S. economy grew less strongly  than expected last quarter while inflation slowed markedly.
Photo: Shadowcrew site in federal custody The Web site of identity-fraud suspects operating as the Shadowcrew has been replaced by information about alleged members' arrests.
Oil, Gas Prices Help Chevron Earnings (Reuters) Reuters - ChevronTexaco Corp., the No. 2\U.S. oil company, on Friday reported a rise in quarterly\profit, pumped up by record oil and gas prices and gains on\asset sales.
New Era for Cambodia as King Sihamoni Ascends Throne  PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - In a ceremony full of pageantry and  hope, King Norodom Sihamoni ascended the Cambodian throne on  Friday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying  to draw a line under its bloody, genocidal past.
CORRECTED: Bristol-Myers Profit Sinks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BMY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BMY.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a lower third-quarter profit as U.S. revenue  fell amid intense competition for its products from rivals and  generic drugs.
Delta pilots accept pay cut Delta Air Lines Chief Executive Gerald Grinstein said Thursday that even if the carrier #39;s pilots approve a \$1 billion cost-cutting agreement, the airline may still have to seek Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Nexen to Buy EnCana Unit for \$2.1 Billion Nexen Inc. has agreed to buy a UK-based subsidiary of EnCana Corp. in an all-cash deal worth \$2.1 billion, enabling Canada #39;s fourth largest oil explorer to expand into the UK sector of the North Sea.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Net Slumps Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY:NYSE - news - research) reported a sharply lower profit in the third-quarter as generic competition continued to eat away at drug sales and the company ratcheted up spending on research and development of new drugs.
Liberia Slaps Curfew on Capital After Riots (Reuters) Reuters - Liberia slapped an immediate curfew on\the capital Monrovia on Friday after stick-wielding youths\rampaged through the coastal city, burning buildings, petrol\stations and vehicles.
New Era for Cambodia as King Sihamoni Ascends Throne (Reuters) Reuters - In a ceremony full of pageantry and\hope, King Norodom Sihamoni ascended the Cambodian throne on\Friday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying\to draw a line under its bloody, genocidal past.
Microsoft, AOL battle spam  amp; spim Microsoft files new lawsuits against spam while AOL battles  #39;spim #39;- unsolicited messages sent to users of its instant messaging service.
Scientists find new species of hobbits Australian and Indonesian scientists have discovered a species of tiny human beings who lived on the remote Indonesian island of Flores 18,000 years ago.
By 2015 AMD Will IT-Enable Half Of World Populace Global chipmaker AMD has taken up the cudgel of IT-enabling half of the worlds population, by 2015, in what could be one the most ambitious initiatives undertaken by any technology manufacturer so far.
Sony to launch PlayStation Portable in December TOKYO - Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. (SCEI) will roll out in Japan a handheld video game system on Dec. 12 called PlayStation Portable (PSP), priced at 19,800, or about \$185.
Cycling: Armstrong question hangs over 2005 Tour PARIS Lance Armstrong was absent when the route and difficulties of the 2005 Tour de France were made public in Paris, but his aura filled the hall.
Big Al chases dos amigos ALASTAIR FORSYTH tees off in the second round of the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today determined to maintain the form he showed yesterday.
Sox ace making pitch for Bush Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling - who helped the team capture its first World Series title in 86 years - will campaign with President Bush today at a rally at Pease International Tradeport.
Shaq and Kobe eager to show who is the better team leader (AFP) AFP - Unable to set aside their differences in Los Angeles, Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal will now be facing new challenges with teams on either side of the continent.
Group claims to kill kidnapped Iraq troops BAGHDAD: An Iraqi militant group said on its web site Thursday that it had killed 11 Iraqi troops taken hostage south of Baghdad and posted video of the bound men being shot or beheaded.
U.S. Growth Under Forecast in 3rd Quarter  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy expanded at a 3.7  percent annual rate in the third quarter, below expectations  but still bolstered by healthy consumer spending that was  accompanied by the lowest inflation in decades, the Commerce  Department said on Friday.
Midgley carries Cal with career-high 28 It #39;s official: Cal junior Richard Midgley is now a point guard and a shooting guard. Moved to the point four games ago when Ayinde Ubaka broke his foot, Midgley never has shot the ball better.
Avon Profit Rises on International Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Avon Products Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AVP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  posted a better-than-expected 33 percent increase in  third-quarter profit as business in Latin America and Europe  helped offset weakness in the United States for the direct  seller of cosmetics.
US sues student 'song swappers' The US music industry sues 750 computer users believed to be distributing music illegally over the internet.
Bristol-Myers Posts Lower Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BMY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BMY.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a lower third-quarter profit as U.S. sales fell  amid competition from rival brands and cheaper generics and the  company took a number of special charges.
Stocks Open Near Unchanged After GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on  Friday, after third-quarter gross domestic product data showed  the U.S. economy grew at a slower-than-expected pace.
Dinner in Geneva Led to Rumble in the Jungle  KINSHASA (Reuters) - When a guest at a plush dinner in  Geneva asked where Kinshasa was, she set off a chain of events  that led to one of the world's great sporting showdowns.
U.S. Growth Under Forecast in 3rd Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy expanded at a 3.7\percent annual rate in the third quarter, below expectations\but still bolstered by healthy consumer spending that was\accompanied by the lowest inflation in decades, the Commerce\Department said on Friday.
Economy Grows at 3.7 Percent Annual Rate The US economy grew at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter - a pace that was slightly better than in the spring but not as strong as many analysts expected.
Markets calm after China rate rise HONG KONG Mainland Chinese stock markets dropped less than 2 percent on Friday as most Asian financial markets reacted with surprising calm to the Chinese central bank #39;s announcement late on Thursday of its first increase in interest rates in nine years.
DaimlerChrysler operating profit increases to \$1.7 billion in Q3 Total revenues increased by 2 to \$43.3 billion, despite the appreciation of the Euro against the US dollar, mainly due to higher unit sales.
2 French firms agree on aeronautics merger PARIS Snecma, a state-run maker of airplane engines, and Sagem, a maker of mobile phones and defense electronics, said Friday that they had agreed to merge in a transaction that would create a company worth about 7.
Float Time on Checks Shortens, as of Thursday Consumers who have become used to writing checks in the expectation of having at least a couple of days to cover them with a deposit may soon be in for a rude awakening.
Bristol-Myers Third-Quarter Profit Fell on Costs (Update1) Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., which has lost US patent protection on eight of its drugs since 2000, said third-quarter earnings fell 16 percent as costs rose and sales of the Pravachol cholesterol treatment fell.
French Firms Sagem, Snecma Plan Merger (Reuters) Reuters - French companies Snecma and Sagem \announced a planned 7 billion euro ( #36;8.9 billion) merger on\Friday, in a deal that analysts said was driven by political\rather than shareholder interests.
Prem Wrap: Goalfest As Big Guns Flex Their Muscles It #39;s as you were at the top and bottom of the Premiership afrter a December Saturday on which the  #39;Big Three #39; all recorded emphatic victories, scoring ten goals between them and conceding precisely none.
Cassini radar shows diversity on Saturn #39;s moon Titan This radar image of the surface of Saturn #39;s moon Titan was acquired on October 26, 2004, when the Cassini spacecraft flew approximately 1,200 kilometers (745 miles) above the surface and acquired radar data for the first time.
Island dwarf is a big find for scientists NEW YORK Once upon a time, but not so long ago, in a tropical island midway between Asia and Australia, there lived a race of little people, whose adults stood just more than one meter tall.
ISU Student Named In Downloading Lawsuit LOS ANGELES -- At least one Indiana State University student has been named as a defendant in a new round of lawsuits against music downloaders.
Dell angles for the best seat in the living room ROUND ROCK, Texas--Dell plans to continue expanding its stable of consumer electronics products and services throughout the rest of the year, looking to the gear to help it generate new customers and ultimately to sell more PCs.
PDA Market Continues its Downslide: IDC With the advent of smartphones and declining popularity of personal digital assistant (PDAs), IDC has reported a drastic fall in sales of PDAs worldwide with the industry recording a year-on-year fall for the third successive quarter.
Chelsea to sack Mutu - with Abramovich approval The Sun says Mutu, 25, has confessed to soccer chiefs he is a regular user and has been addicted to the drug since early this year.
NO MODEL ROUND FROM MONTGOMERIE Colin Montgomerie fell out of contention for the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today as word of the Scot being pictured with a famous Spanish model went around the course.
Juventus beats Roma, stretches unbeaten streak Captain Alessandro Del Piero scored his third goal in two games and Uruguayan Marcelo Zalayeta added another Thursday to give Italian league leader Juventus a 2-0 victory over traditional rival AS Roma 2-0, extending its unbeaten 
Red Sox will appear on Wheaties box The Boston Red Sox will be the first World Series winner featured on a Wheaties box since the 1999 New York Yankees. The special edition package will picture David Ortiz on the front of the box, along with 
US economy grows 3.7 percent in third quarter (AFP) AFP - The US economy expanded at a slower-than-expected 3.7 percent annual pace in the third quarter of 2004, the government said in the last major economic report before the November 2 election.
Toward a united European voice BRUSSELS On Friday, Europe #39;s leaders gathered in Rome to sign the treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. This was a historic moment.
Six Pitcairn Island men sentenced up to six years for sex attacks SYDNEY, Australia British authorities say six men on Pitcairn Island have been sentenced up to six years in prison for sex attacks dating back 40 years.
Indonesian cleric back in the dock Smack in the middle of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan, hordes of international and local reporters have descended on a makeshift courtroom here to witness the long-awaited and 
Disgraced and bankrupt British MP back in the money via showbiz (AFP) AFP - A British former MP left bankrupt and publicly disgraced just three years ago has recouped much of his riches by exploiting his notoriety in the world of show business, a report said.
Japanese Emperor's Comments Cause Stir (AP) AP - Japanese officials rushed on Friday to dismiss suggestions that the emperor overstepped his authority and meddled in government affairs by voicing his opposition to Tokyo schools' policy of compulsory patriotism.
Oil Steadies, China Rate Hike Unsettles  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices steadied on Friday after an 8  percent rout spurred by a surprise interest rate hike in China  that raised doubts about demand from the world's second largest  energy user.
Avon Lowers U.S. Sales Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Avon Products Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AVP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  posted a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit, but  continued concerns over weakness in the United states pushed  the stock 7 percent lower.
Young gun Kovalainen puts Schumacher in shade PARIS (AFP) - Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher found himself overshadowed as young Finn Heikki Kovalainen beat him on his way to winning the Race of Champions at the Stade de France.
Paying a price to be No. 1 Intel's plain-spoken CEO  has a message for the nation: If you want to stay on top, it's time to rev up your competitive metabolism.
US sues student  #39;song swappers #39; The US recording industry is taking legal action against 750 computer users believed to be distributing music illegally over the internet.
Avon Lowers U.S. Sales Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Avon Products Inc.  on Friday\posted a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit, but\continued concerns over weakness in the United states pushed\the stock 7 percent lower.
Australia breach final frontier Australia have won their first Test series in India since 1969-70 after a crushing 342-run win in the third Test in Nagpur. The win gives them an unassailable 2-0 series lead and means that the one blot on their copybook has been erased.
Schilling to appear with Bush in NH One of the heros of the World Series will be in the political spotlight Friday in New Hampshire. Boston Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling is appearing with President Bush Friday.
Higher Energy Prices Help Chevron Earnings The No. 2 U.S. oil company reported a rise in quarterly profit pumped up by record oil and gas prices and gains on asset sales.
Merck Pain Reliever Gets Preliminary OK The Food and Drug Administration told Merck  #38; Co. that it would approve the company's successor drug to the now defunct pain reliever Vioxx if it provides further safety and efficacy data, the big pharmaceutical company announced Friday.
Web-Based Tool Helps Voters Find Polls With most states reporting massive new voter registrations and many political observers worrying about potential voter confusion and allegations of fraud on Nov.2, one organization has created a web-based tool to answer questions and provide information.
Andrew Kantor: CyberSpeak - Sinclair is the latest to feel the power of blogs (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Last Friday, television stations that were members of the Sinclair Media Group were scheduled to air an anti-John Kerry special called Stolen Honor. They were ordered to by executives of the company - the same execs who forbid the 62 TV stations the company controls from airing Ted Koppel's reading of the names of U.S. soldiers killed in Iraq this spring.
Asian Americans fight language barrier in US elections (AFP) AFP - When Chungin Chung, an Asian American community leader, was invited to meet US vice-presidential candidate Senator John Edwards ahead of the November 2 election, she was excited but politely declined.
Consumer Sentiment Fades in October  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer sentiment deteriorated  in October as rising energy costs and persistent job worries  made Americans less optimistic about the future, according to a  survey released on Friday.
Consumer Sentiment Fades in October (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment deteriorated\in October as rising energy costs and persistent job worries\made Americans less optimistic about the future, according to a\survey released on Friday.
China's Yao set to carry Rockets with McGrady by his side (AFP) AFP - Yao Ming has cemented his stature as one of the dominant big men in the National Basketball Association, and now he has a chance to become an integral part of the league's most explosive one-two tandem.
BALCO fallout continues Former track superstar Marion Jones was  quot;without a doubt quot; a drugs cheat, according to the man who says he devised Jones #39; program for use of banned performance-enhancing drugs before she won five gold medals at the 2000 Olympics.
Delta Woes Flown In From Saudi Arabia NEW YORK - Recent reports on the Delta Air Lines pilots #39; agreement focus on the carrier #39;s pilots being the highest paid in the industry and on the possibility that the company may still declare bankruptcy, despite the \$1 billion cost-cutting deal 
US Growth Under Forecast in 3rd Quarter The US economy expanded at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter, below expectations but still bolstered by healthy consumer spending that was accompanied 
Southwest Makes Midway Top Priority Southwest Airlines says boosting its presence at Chicago #39;s Midway airport has just become its top priority, USA Today said Friday.
Ryanair makes EUR 4m offer over Charleroi BRUSSELS - Low-cost airline Ryanair has finally struck a deal with the Walloon government over the EUR 4 million it owes following the European Commission ruling over Charleroi airport.
ChevronTexaco Profit Rises 62 on Higher Oil Prices (Update2) ChevronTexaco Corp., the second- biggest US oil company, said third-quarter profit rose 62 percent on higher oil and natural-gas prices.
New  #39;Check 21 #39; law sinks check-floating practice The practice of  quot;floating quot; a check until payday will become a thing of the past Oct. 28, when the new federal Check Clearing for the 21st Century 
Microsoft Joins ISPs In Filing Anti-Spam Lawsuits Joining America Online, EarthLink and Yahoo against spamming, Microsoft Corp. today announced the filing of three new anti-Spam lawsuits under the CAN-SPAM federal law as part of its initiative in solving the Spam problem for Internet users worldwide.
AMD has the PC for developing nations Advanced Micro Devices has unveiled a stripped-down, low-cost computing device as part of a plan to move into developing markets. The chip maker aims to provide 50 per cent of the world with internet and computing 
Drug-loaded contact lenses to treat eye diseases When a person suffers from eye ailments today, nine times out of ten, he will be prescribed eye drops to treat his illness or relieve his discomfort.
PDA market in downward spiral reports IDC palmOne is at the head of a downward spiral of the PDA market according to research group IDC. IDC #39;s figures showed a 8.7 per cent slump year on year for the third quarter of 2004 - the third successive quarter of year on year decline.
Chelsea sends Mutu packing London, England (Sports Network) - Chelsea has told Adrian Mutu his services are no longer needed at the club after testing positive for cocaine use.
Manchester United manager wants to get to the bottom of  #39;Soupgate #39; Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson wants to get the bottom of the  quot;Soupgate quot; affair. Ferguson was forced to change clothes after United #39;s 2-0 victory Sunday over Arsenal.
Cricket: Fired-up Australia end 35-year drought as India hit new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAGPUR, India : World champions Australia conquered the final frontier here when they won their first series on Indian soil in 35 years with a 342-run rout in the third Test.
Chester gives Rush permission to talk with Wales Chester has given Wales permission to talk with Ian Rush about the job as national team coach. A former Liverpool star, Rush took over the League Two team in August and has been mentioned as a successor to Mark Hughes.
Review: New 'Hawk' Game Most Thorough Ever (AP) AP - There's only one thing better than riding a halfpipe ramp in "Tony Hawk's Underground 2"  #151; doing it in real life. Since I'm pretty sure that's never going to happen, I'll keep on defying gravity in this new game from Activision.
Fix EU executive  #39;crisis #39; urges Chirac ROME, Oct 29 (AFP) - French President Jacques Chirac urged the head of the incoming European Commission Friday to take  quot;the appropriate decisions quot; to resolve a row over his EU executive team which has left the EU in limbo.
US Embassy warns diplomats to stay away from Marriott hotel : Pakistani officials insisted that an explosion at the Marriott hotel in the capital city was caused by an electrical short-circuit, not a bomb, but the US Embassy today issued a warning 
Ukraine challenger predicts mass cheating in vote Liberal challenger Viktor Yushchenko predicted on Friday that Ukrainian authorities would resort to mass fraud to ensure victory for the establishment candidate in an increasingly tense weekend presidential poll.
Clear Channel Radio Ad Revenue Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clear Channel Communications Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CCU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CCU.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S. radio station chain, on Friday posted  higher operating earnings although radio advertising revenue  slipped on weak sales to its automotive and telecommunications  customers.
Thai PM to Address Nation as More Bombs Rock South  PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - Bomb blasts rocked southern  Thailand Friday as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told  southern Muslim leaders the deaths of 85 protesters in military  custody should have never happened.
HP, SuSE target German public sector FRANKFURT, GERMANY -- The German subsidiaries of Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Novell Inc. are teaming to offer Linux-based products to the country's huge public sector.
Chinese vendor offers Linux mobile platform FRANKFURT, GERMANY -- After launching two of the world's first Linux smart phones, China's E28 Ltd. is now offering handset manufacturers the opportunity to license its software and hardware designs based on the increasingly popular open-source operating system.
Move Over, Edison (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - MaryLou O'Malley wants to get something off her chest--or collarbone, more precisely. The 72-year-old is tired of having to adjust her necklace when it slips around her neck. Wouldn't it be wonderful, she says, if there were an adhesive to keep her jewelry stuck to her skin?
Accused Air India bomber is a victim of lies: defense lawyers (AFP) AFP - A key prosecution witness is lying when he implicated one of the Sikh men charged with the mid-air bombing of an Air India plane that killed 329 people in 1985, the defense team argued in the closing arguments of the case.
GOP Seeks More Time for Military Ballots (AP) AP - Under pressure from military voters and Republicans, Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell said Friday that he will ask a federal judge to extend the deadline for counting overseas ballots by one week.
Gravely Ill Arafat Arrives in France for Treatment  CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, weakened by what doctors say may be leukemia, left the  West Bank for the first time in 2-1/2 years on Friday and flew  to France for treatment in a military hospital.
LookSmart Performs Despite MSN Split and Acquisitions LookSmart Performs Despite MSN Split and Acquisitions\\LookSmart more or less broke even last quarter to the surprise of many analysts after LookSmart announced their financial results for the third quarter which ended on September 30, 2004. LookSmart currently provides paid search results through a distribution network that includes Lycos, CNET, ...
Vehicle for Change? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - As Dieter Zetsche see it, DaimlerChrysler's diesel Jeep Liberty sport utility, due next month, should be an easy sell. Drivers in the U.S. need a powerful set of wheels that can travel 500 miles between fuel-ups. "This country should be the El Dorado for diesels," says the man who runs DaimlerChrysler's Chrysler Group.
Some Officials Seeking Shift From Pensions Just days after the president of a huge California pension fund was ousted, some California officials are proposing that the state get out of the pension business and give state and municipal workers a 401(k) plan instead.
Nations voice concern for Arafat Leaders around the world express concern for the health of ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Economy Grows at 3.7 Percent Annual Rate (AP) AP - The economy grew at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter  #151; a pace slightly better than in the spring but not as strong as many analysts expected. Friday's government report was the last broad snapshot of economic activity before Election Day and provided political ammunition for both sides.
On the Run (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The Bullrun is held every fall in Europe, every spring in the U.S. Routes change year to year. Entry fees ( #36;5,500 for Europe,  #36;14,000 for the U.S.) include hotels and food. Transportation to and from the race, gas, tolls, speeding tickets, the cost of your car and any repairs are extra. Participation is by invitation, so buttering up race organizers helps. ...
Washington Post Profit Up on Education,TV  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Washington Post Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPO.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Friday that quarterly profit jumped, beating analysts'  forecasts, boosted by results at its Kaplan education unit and  television broadcasting operations.
Packers' Favre, Green Miss Practice (Reuters) Reuters - Green Bay Packers star\quarterback Brett Favre and top running back Ahman Green both\missed Thursday's practice with injuries.
Readers Say (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - We were surprised at the suggestion that Melaleuca is a "pyramid-selling organization" along the lines of Herbalife and Amway in "If You Believe" (Oct. 11, p. 89). That's as misleading as suggesting that a cow is similar to a cat just be-cause both are four-legged mammals.Whatever the similarities be-tween cats and cows, they do not make cats bovine nor cows feline. It's the many differences in our business model and culture that set Melaleuca apart from any multilevel marketing company. ...
Packers' Favre, Green Miss Practice  GREEN BAY, Wis. (Sports Network) - Green Bay Packers star  quarterback Brett Favre and top running back Ahman Green both  missed Thursday's practice with injuries.
Workplace Now Terrain of Politics (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - PELLA, Iowa  #8212; In this week's frenzied competition to boost voter turnout, the quiet effort of companies like Vermeer Manufacturing could prove crucial for the Bush campaign.
Horse Racing: Cream of US, Europe to Clash in Texas  GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas (Reuters) - Betting on horses was  banned in Texas until as recently as 1987. Times have changed  rapidly since. Saturday, Lone Star Park race track hosts the  \$14 million Breeders Cup, global racing's end-of-season  extravaganza.
Intelligence Gathering: The Study of How the Brain Evolves Offers Insight into the Mind (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Is there really life out there?  Was a kinder, wetter Mars once dotted by bacterial blooms whose progeny now await our discovery?  Do unseen, alien microbes swim in the buried oceans of Europa, Callisto, or Ganymede?  What about Titan's sub-zero methane lakes?
NASA Prepares for Future Space Exploration Risk (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - CLEVELAND, OH \-- As NASA readies the space shuttle fleet to fly again, \the agency's risk management teams are also paying attention to risk issues that \affect the International Space Station.
Curfew in Liberia After Riots, Four Dead  MONROVIA (Reuters) - At least four people died in riots on  Friday in Liberia's capital, where U.N. peacekeepers fired in  the air to bring rampaging, stick-wielding youths under control  and a daylight curfew was in force.
Need a Yawner Investment? If you're in the market for a safe little something for your portfolio, buy bonds.
US economy increases 3.7 percent in third quarter The US economy increased at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the third quarter of this year, the Commerce Department said in a report released on Friday.
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Bristol-Myers Squibb (nyse: BMY - news - people ) will report third-quarter earnings. Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call expect the pharmaceutical maker to earn 39 cents per share compared with 47 cents a year ago.
ChevronTexaco #39;s 3Q profit soars 62 ChevronTexaco #39;s (CVX) third-quarter profit improved 62 as the oil giant continued to cash in on record-high oil prices. The company said Friday that 
Archer Daniels Midland Net Rises on Soy Processing (Update4) Archer Daniels Midland Co., the world #39;s largest grain processor, said fiscal first-quarter profit rose 77 percent on improved results from sales of soy products, corn-based fuel and agricultural services.
Nexen to Buy EnCana #39;s UK Oil Business for \$2.1 Bln (Update4) Nexen Inc. agreed to buy fellow Canadian energy company EnCana Corp. #39;s UK business for \$2.1 billion, gaining control of Britain #39;s biggest oil discovery in more than a decade amid record crude prices.
Update 1: Ad Sales Spur Growth at Washington Post The Washington Post Co. earned \$82.5 million in its third quarter, the company reported Friday, well above the \$19.9 million it earned in the year-ago period, when results were weighed down by expenses for 
Cassini spacecraft explores hazy Titan The Cassini spacecraft, which provided scientists with amazing images of Saturn #39;s rings in July ( quot;Cassini-Huygens completes seven year journey to Saturn, quot; The Triangle, July 9, 2004) is now trying to repeat the feat with Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan.
We May Not Be the Only Humans on Earth A 3ft tall  #39;hobbit #39; discovered on a remote Indonesian island has raised the extraordinary possibility that our human species might not be alone on Earth.
AMD and VSNL to sell net communicator device in India Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) has teamed with Videsh Sanchar Nigam (VSNL), a leading Indian telecommunications and internet services company, to market its Personal Internet Communicator (PIC) to consumers in India.
Forth Road Bridge corrosion found A few broken steel wires and varying levels of corrosion have been found in the Forth Road Bridge #39;s support cables. The discovery was made during the first full-scale cable inspection in the bridge #39;s 40-year history.
A monkey off their back THE wait is over. Australia yesterday stormed the barricades to its final frontier and plundered the Border-Gavaskar Trophy with one of its biggest victories in Test history.
Queen honours former Chelsea star Gianfranco Zola Former Chelsea star Gianfranco Zola has been chosen by the Queen to become an honorary citizen of the British empire. British ambassador to Italy Sir Ivor Roberts will present Zola with the honour Monday  quot;for his service to British football.
49ers QB Rattay questionable for Sunday San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - San Francisco 49ers starting quarterback Tim Rattay is listed as questionable for Sunday #39;s game against the Chicago Bears with a forearm injury.
Review: New  #39;Hawk #39; game most thorough ever There #39;s only one thing better than riding a halfpipe ramp in  quot;Tony Hawk #39;s Underground 2 quot; - doing it in real life.
SEC PREVIEW Tennessee at South Carolina (11:30 am): The 11th-ranked Volunteers (6-1, 4-1 SEC) continue on the road to Atlanta despite a misfiring offense.
Erdogan and Gul Sign EU Constitution The signature ceremony for the European Constitution agreement and a final bill have been completed. Host country Italy #39;s Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi, made a speech at the ceremony saying that October 
Liberia violence sparks daylight curfew MONROVIA, LIBERIA - The capital of Liberia is under curfew Friday following an outbreak of violence that reportedly left churches and a mosque in flames.
The eternal circle of the Iraqi insurgency In all likelihood, US troops and the nascent Iraqi military will storm the rebel city of Fallujah in the very near future. The so-called  quot;City of Mosques quot; has been under sustained air assault 
Bristol-Myers Profit Down, So Are Shares  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BMY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BMY.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said quarterly profit fell 16 percent on special charges  and lower U.S. sales amid competition from rival brands and  cheaper generics.
Too Close to Call? The votes won't be counted for another four days, but that's not stopping mathematicians, online bettors and traditional pollsters from trying to predict a Bush or Kerry victory. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Mexico rats survive cat onslaught Health officials in the Mexican state of Chihuahua fail in their effort to deal with a rat plague by sending in hundreds of cats.
DreamWorks Draws a Crowd DreamWorks Animation has an IPO with more green than its signature ogre, Shrek.
Google Adds AdWords To Froogle Shopping Feed Google Adds AdWords To Froogle Shopping Feed\\Google has announced in their Froogle Friends Newsletter that Froogle will be adding an Ad Automator to Froogle where merchants with over 1000 products who are also AdWords advertisers are invited to try out the beta release of their new ad-producing technology. This seems ...
Cavaliers Decline Option on Wagner (AP) AP - Guard Dajuan Wagner will become a free agent after this season because the Cleveland Cavaliers declined their  #36;3.4 million contract option for 2005-06 on Friday.
Report: China's Imports of Steel Fall (AP) AP - China's steel imports declined over the first nine months of the year in reaction to higher international prices, while exports soared, state media reported Friday.
Fierce clashes in Somali regions Fighting erupts between forces of the self-declared Somaliland republic and those of Puntland, an autonomous region of Somalia.
Argonaut founder rebuilds empire The founder of Argonaut games went into administration a week ago has bought back most of the group.
Andrew Rawnsley They have been disappointed, those hoping that they might get to see David Blunkett pursuing his paternity case against Kimberly Quinn by donning a Batman suit and clambering on to the ledge of Buckingham Palace.
High-Tech Japan Aims to Stop Counterfeit Banknotes  TOKYO (Reuters) - Holograms and kaleidoscopes of shimmering  colors will be part of Japan's latest hi-tech response to the  growing number of banknote counterfeiting cases troubling  authorities.
Things that go bump on the Net Sun President Jonathan Schwartz has a pre-Halloween case of the creeps--and for good reason.
Australia #39;s National Foods flags 14 per cent profit growth Australian milk producer National Foods Ltd. said on Friday it expects its fiscal 2005 net profit to grow by about 14 per cent, spurred mainly by a raft of new products which lifted its market share.
Ryanair Won #39;t Use Aid, Pending Appeal Ryanair Holdings PLC will repay 4 million euros (\$5.1 million) in aid from a regional government in Belgium while it appeals a European Union finding that the funding was illegal.
Merck Pain Reliever Gets Preliminary OK The Food and Drug Administration told Merck  amp; Co. that it would approve the company #39;s successor drug to the now defunct pain reliever Vioxx if it provides further safety and 
Washington Post Profit Up on Education,TV Washington Post Co. (WPO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday that quarterly profit jumped, beating analysts #39; forecasts, boosted by results at its Kaplan education unit and television broadcasting operations.
Probe data reveal Titan #39;s etched face Scientists analysing data captured by the Cassini-Huygens spacecraft as it swept past Saturn #39;s moon Titan, have described a cold landscape carved by winds and perhaps puddled with organic lakes.
ISPs again go after spammers For the second time this year, an alliance of major Internet providers - including Atlanta-based EarthLink -iled a coordinated group of lawsuits aimed at stemming the flood of online junk mail.
NASA mulls early retirement for space shuttle Even as NASA gears up for the space shuttle #39;s return to flight next year, officials at the space agency are quietly studying the possibility of cutting back its number of missions 
Montgomery, Gaines doping cases postponed A hearing in the doping cases of US sprinters Tim Montgomery and Chryste Gaines that had been set for next week was postponed at the request of all parties, the Court of Arbitration for Sport said Friday.
Rattay prospects for Bears growing dimmer Time, they say, heals all wounds, with the possible exception of Tim Rattay #39;s ailing right forearm. As this week began, San Francisco 49ers coach Dennis Erickson 
Ailing Arafat Rushed to Paris Hospital Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, suffering from a serious but mystery illness, was flown to France and rushed to a military hospital for treatment Friday - ending 
Pakistani officials downplay Marriot Hotel blast ISN SECURITY WATCH (29/10/2004) - A powerful explosion on Tuesday in the lobby of the Pakistani capitals five-star Marriott Hotel injured 10 people, including a US diplomat and three Italian nationals.
World digest PATTANI, Thailand - Fresh violence erupted Thursday with the bombing of a bar in Thailand #39;s mostly Muslim south, while villagers held a mass burial for some of the 78 protesters who suffocated while in army custody this week.
Artists from new EU-member states put on historic display in Amsterdam (AFP) AFP - Seven artists from the new eastern member states of the European Union display their vision of history in a special exhibition, celebrating EU enlargement, at the Amsterdam Stedelijk Museum for modern art.
Demonizing for Dollars (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - To Texas litigator Scott Summy, methyl tertiary butyl ether, the gasoline additive that reduces air pollution, is the devil--and his savior. He claims to have proof that Big Oil knew that MTBE-laced gasoline would leak out of filling station tanks into the ground and contaminate water supplies across America--and is therefore culpable in a big public hazard. "We are talking about the public's drinking water, and these guys have intentionally contaminated it to the largest scale ever in this country," says Summy.
Arafat Conscious, Days Needed for Diagnosis-Aide  CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Doctors will need "several  days" to diagnose Yasser Arafat's illness but the Palestinian  leader was conscious and in good shape when he arrived in  France on Friday, a Palestinian diplomat said.
Black to Quit Hollinger Inc 'Within Days'  TORONTO (Reuters) - Former press baron Conrad Black will  quit as chairman and chief executive of his Canadian holding  company, Hollinger Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLGc.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLGc.TO&lt;/A&gt;, to facilitate his offer to  take the company private, his lawyer said on Friday.
Dozens held over identity fraud Some 28 people are arrested in a global operation against a website allegedly involved in identity fraud.
Gadgets We Love (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The new Motorola RAZR V3 is such a smack-me-gorgeous sliver of technolust that you want to keep it up to your ear all the time and show it off, telegraphing how indescribably hip-by-association you are to own it. But you don't get to, see, because it works so well with Motorola's new Bluetooth wireless headset, which frees up your hands for less vainglorious activities, like driving.
Surly Safin Slumps Out of St. Petersburg  ST. PETERSBURG (Reuters) - Top seed and crowd favorite  Marat Safin was knocked out of the St. Petersburg Open  quarterfinals Friday, falling 6-4, 6-1 to Michael Llodra.
Spain OKs Stem Cell Research Conditions (AP) AP - Spain's Socialist government approved new conditions governing research with embryonic stem cells Friday, allowing scientists to investigate using frozen embryos while seeking cures to diseases such as Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and diabetes.
Boy held hostage in Iraq is freed Kidnappers in Iraq have freed a seven-year-old boy a week after seizing him while on his way to school.
SAA asks public for 'great ideas' Following heavy losses, South African Airways asks the public to send in 'great ideas' on how to turn the business around.
Tricks, Treats and Insulin Health professionals and families have worked hard to turn Halloween into a day that children with diabetes can take delight in, not simply endure.
Web Site Helps Undecided Voters Choose Presidential Guidester polls voters, matches their positions with those of candidates.
Reheated Bagle smokes out antivirus defenses New version of mass-mailing worm, discovered Friday, tries to disable defenses on destination PCs.
Terrorism joins weather disruptions as election planning issue (AFP) AFP - Amid fears of a possible terrorist attack, US authorities are tightening security for Tuesday's presidential election while taking pains not to discourage voters from turning out at the polls.
Lawyer introduces harassment scheme in Ovitz case In the trial of former Walt Disney Co. President Michael Ovitz, the plaintiff #39;s lawyer accused the company #39;s former official of leaking rumors to the press accusing NBC West Coast chief Don Ohlmeyer of sexually 
Update 4: FDA Wants More Safety Data on Merck Drug The Food and Drug Administration told Merck  amp; Co. that it requires further safety and efficacy data before it will approve its successor drug to now defunct pain reliever Vioxx, the pharmaceutical maker announced Friday.
Stocks mixed as US, Canadian economies improve, oil edges higher TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto stock market was sent higher Friday morning by improvements in energy stocks as a two-day slide in oil prices skidded to a stop and signs of strong economic growth.
UK takes Linux to the heart of government Open source software is a viable alternative to commercial proprietary software, with potential significant value-for-money benefits for government, the Office of Government Commerce (OGC) has concluded.
US Secret Service busts 28 ID fraudsters A US-led operation targeting ID fraud crooks has led to the arrest of 28 people across seven countries this week. The arrests follow an undercover operation headed by US Secret Service agents that successful 
Microsoft Faces Suit for Selling  #39;Defective #39; Game Systems Plaintiff Sean Burke claims that  quot;the defective Xboxes stop working after minimal usage, after unreasonably, unconscionably, unusually and unexpectedly short amounts of time.
Call issued for tenders to inspect Regional Road bridge An international call for tenders has been issued for the appointment of an engineer to carry out detailed inspections and determine the work which needs to be carried out on Manwel Dimech Bridge, along Regional Road.
Red Sox primed for encore When you #39;re part of a team that has just captured its first World Series title in 86 years, it #39;s easy to get a little too caught up in the moment.
Tennis / Close but no cigar as Ram tests Youzhny Andy Ram came close to pulling off the biggest upset of his singles career when he stretched No. 4 seed Mikhail Youzhny of Russia, 2-6, 7-6 (7-3), 7-6 (7-4) in the first round of the \$1 million St.
Committee to succeed Arafat denied The head of the Political Department in the Palestine Liberation Organization said Friday no committee was formed to succeed ailing Yasser Arafat.
British troops arrive at base in central Iraq LONDON British defense officials say hundreds of British troops who were deployed to provide cover for US troops are now at their base near Baghdad.
CARE International leaves Iraq A humanitarian agency with a long history of work in Iraq has ended its operations in the war-torn nation after its leader was abducted.
Leaders of 25 EU Countries Sign New Constitution Leaders of the 25-nation European Union today signed the bloc #39;s new constitution in Rome, amid tight security around the city #39;s historic center.
Second Bomb Injures 9 in Thai South - Witnesses A second bomb exploded near a food stall in southern Thailand on Friday, wounding at least nine members of a bomb squad investigating an earlier blast that wounded four people.
Jordan crash coach had two burst tyres The burst tyre which led to yesterday #39;s coach crash tragedy in Jordan was the second tyre problem suffered by the vehicle that day, a couple who survived the tragedy said today.
Joke e-mail virus tricks users A new version of the Bagle computer virus is spreading rapidly around the internet.
Hurricanes Were Their Own Worst Enemy At the time, it didn #39;t seem like a big deal. On the Miami Hurricanes #39; first offensive possession Saturday against the Virginia Tech Hokies, running back Frank Gore ripped off a 9-yard run, seemingly giving 
Merck #39;s FDA Delay, Pfizer #39;s Problem NEW YORK - In a capstone to the withdrawal of Vioxx, the US Food and Drug Administration has decided to delay the approval of successor drug Arcoxia until more safety data are available.
UPDATE 1-Black to quit Hollinger Inc  quot;within days quot; Former press baron Conrad Black will quit as chairman and chief executive of his Canadian holding company, Hollinger Inc. (HLGc.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , to 
Could Hobbit-Like Creatures Still Live on Earth? Mythical tales abound of a race of little people that dwell on the islands of Indonesia. Dutch explorers who colonized Flores 100 years ago were told stories of a human-like creature local 
NASA Prepares for Future Space Exploration Risk CLEVELAND, OH -- As NASA (news - web sites) readies the space shuttle fleet to fly again, the agency #39;s risk management teams are also paying attention to risk issues that affect the International Space Station (news - web sites).
William Rivers Pitt: Believe Four score and six years ago, a relatively new Boston baseball team called the Red Sox won the World Series for the fifth time. Not long after, a man named George Herman Ruth, Jr.
Cricket #39;s final frontier conquered DEEP in the heart of the Indian subcontinent, the Australian Test side last night was celebrating an historic victory, having conquered cricket #39;s final frontier with a Test to spare.
Surly Safin slumps out of St Petersburg Top seed and crowd favourite Marat Safin was knocked out of the St Petersburg Open quarter-finals on Friday, falling 6-4 6-1 to Michael Llodra.
Cipollini signs deal with Liquigas MILAN, Italy -- Italy #39;s former world champion Mario Cipollini has ended speculation that he is to retire by announcing that he will ride next season for the Liquigas Sport team.
Peek at the Week: Ben vs. the Streak Yet another risky game for that Patriots winning streak, now at 21. Pittsburgh hasn #39;t lost at home, and rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger hasn #39;t lost, period.
Cellular Companies Agree on Standards (AP) AP - The nation's cellular companies have agreed on a common standard for multimedia messaging that should enable mobile phone users to exchange photos, video and audio clips just as they do e-mail, regardless of their wireless carrier.
Lebanon: Kidnappers Have Freed Boy in Iraq (AP) AP - Kidnappers have released a 7-year-old Lebanese boy after a week they grabbed him as he was walking home from school in Iraq, the Lebanese Foreign Ministry said Friday. It was not immediately clear if a ransom was paid.
Bands Debut Dual-Sided CD/DVD Hybrid (AP) AP - A new hybrid CD format that offers standard CD audio on one side and the enhanced media capabilities of a DVD on the other made its nationwide debut this week.
Myanmar strongman vows to bring democracy, crush anti-Indian rebels (AFP) AFP - Myanmar's military strongman Than Shwe wrapped up a visit to India with a pledge to bring democracy to his secretive state and said the junta will not let rebels against Indian rule operate from its soil.
Web Site Helps Undecided Voters Choose (PC World) PC World - Presidential Guidester polls voters, matches their positions with those of candidates.
Billboard to Rank Cell Phone Ringtones (AP) AP - Back at No. 1 for the 29th straight week, it's everybody's favorite ringtone. The music market tracker Billboard will begin ranking the customized mobile phone sound snippets beginning next week  #151; another sign that ringtones are fast becoming a staple of recording industry sales,
Montgomery and Gaines Hearings Postponed  LONDON (Reuters) - The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS)  has postponed its hearings with American sprinters Tim  Montgomery and Chryste Gaines who have been charged with  serious doping violations.
Marines Set for Sunni Triangle Battle The U.S. Marines are preparing for a "decisive" battle in the Sunni Triangle area west of Baghdad, where insurgents are extending control outward from Fallujah through violence and intimidation, senior commanders said Friday.
Mexico rats survive cat onslaught Health officials in the Mexican state of Chihuahua fail to deal with a rat plague by sending in hundreds of cats.
Software-patent battle set to flare up In Europe, industry leaders, government officials and others debate whether patents would hinder or cultivate innovation.
Ex-manager at Oracle seeks \$679,000 IT sales account manager in England seeks compensation after winning her sex discrimination case.
Asian Markets Mixed on China Rate Hike (AP) AP - Asian financial markets showed a mixed reaction Friday to China's first interest rate rise in nine years, which analysts welcomed as a shift toward capitalist-style economic tools and away from central planning.
Cal #39;s Arrington has record-tying 11th 100-yard game California running back JJ Arrington needed less than three quarters to tie a 23-year-old Pac-10 Conference record against Southern Miss Saturday night at Roberts Stadium.
China hikes loans, deposit rates Chinas move to hike interest rate has come as a surprise. The central bank raised the benchmark rate on one-year yuan loans to 5.58 per cent from 5.31 per cent and the rate on one-year deposits to 2.25 per cent from 1.98 per cent.
Update 2: Clear Channel Earnings Plummet 60 Percent Clear Channel Communications Inc. #39;s third-quarter profit fell nearly 60 percent from the same period in 2003, which had been inflated by the nation #39;s largest radio station operator #39;s sale of its stake in a Spanish-language broadcasting network.
Detailed Image of Titan #39;s Surface Summary - (Oct 29, 2004) This image of Titan was taken when Cassini reached the closest point of its flyby on October 26. At this point, it was only 1,600 km (994 miles) above the surface of Titan.
Secret Service Nabs 28 in Online Fraud Sting The US Secret Service has arrested 28 people on charges stemming from an undercover investigation into cybercrime. Charges against the suspects include identity theft, computer fraud, credit-card fraud and consipracy.
Mutu #39;s agent hits out at Chelsea Adrian Mutu #39;s agent has accused Chelsea of failing to offer sufficient support to the shamed striker. Mutu was sacked on Friday by Chelsea who stated:  quot;Any player who takes drugs breaches his contract with the club quot;.
Australia #39;s Champion Cricketers Conquer Indian Final Frontier #39; Australia cemented its position as the dominant cricket team of the past decade with its first series win in India since 1969, conquering what former captain Steve Waugh called the final frontier.
Fitful Mauresmo Through to Linz Semifinals Top seed Amelie Mauresmo reached the semifinals of the Linz Open when she continued her run of success against Ai Sugiyama by beating the defending champion 6-2, 6-4 Friday.
UN report: Lubbers guilty of sexual misconduct AMSTERDAM - A UN inquiry has found UN High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers guilty of sexually harassing a female worker -ut Secretary-General Kofi Annan rejected the charges.
Antivirus companies warn of new Bagle variants New versions of the Bagle worm rolled onto the Internet Friday, prompting antivirus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
News: US Secret Service busts 28 ID fraudsters A US-led operation targeting ID fraud crooks has led to the arrest of 28 people across seven countries this week.\
China Seeks to Soothe Markets on Rates China sought Friday to soothe concerns over a surprise interest rate rise, its first in nearly a decade and one which is expected to kick off a series of increases to cool growth in the world #39;s seventh-biggest economy.
The long good buy MICK Davis, the South African-born chief executive of Anglo-Swiss mining giant Xstrata, clearly has a thing for Australia. Perhaps it #39;s because this country keeps offering him the opportunity to buy great 
Merck gets good news on drug to replace Vioxx Drug giant Merck says the Food and Drug Administration wants more information, but is prepared to approve the company #39;s successor drug to recalled pain reliever Vioxx.
Rivals await Ford #39;s plans Ford Motor Co. of Canada #39;s rivals will be watching closely today as the automaker makes a widely-anticipated announcement confirming its plans to build a \$1-billion flexible manufacturing plant in Oakville, Ont.
Mandrake Linux 10.1 Official MandrakeSoft co-founder Gal Duval has announced the release of 32-bit Mandrake Linux 10.1 Official. 64-Bit Mandrake Linux 10.1 might be ready as early as next week.
Cycling: Bid to rein in cycling great Next year #39;s Tour de France cycling race may give others a chance to test Lance Armstrong. The mountain-top finishes are less intense and the time trials shorter - meaning the six-time Tour winner possibly 
AUSTRALIA ROMP TO HISTORIC WIN Australia wrapped up their first series win in India in 35 years after an overwhelming victory by 342 runs in the third Test in Nagpur.
We prepared from 2001: Gilchrist Adam Gilchrist punching the air and embracing his teammates after Australia got the last Indian batsman out in the third Test; the Australian players gathering in a huddle made famous by the Indians; Brett Lee calling for the Australian flag from the tour 
Cavs #39; Wagner will be free agent after season Former Camden High School star Dajuan Wagner, who has had an injury-filled NBA career thus far, will become an unrestricted free agent after the season because the Cleveland Cavaliers declined to pick up the option on Wagner #39;s contract for the 2005-06 
KU, OU to play in KC in  #39;05 For more than a month it has been public knowledge that Kansas was considering moving next season #39;s home football game against Oklahoma to Kansas City #39;s Arrowhead Stadium.
US marines prepare major assault in Fallujah US marines are preparing for a major assault to whack rebels in the Iraqi cities of Fallujah and Ramadi, a senior commander said on Friday.
Redeployed Black Watch come under attack Black Watch soldiers have come under attack within hours of moving into Iraqs rebel-held badlands, although none was injured. Troops and vehicles were halted in the searing desert by a series of roadside 
Rapists to stay in jail they built THE child rapists of Pitcairn Island next year will move into the jail they helped build. Judges yesterday showed the mercy which for so long has been absent 
Suicide attackers  quot;ready to strike quot; Russia Russia #39;s security service chief says that more than 80 suicide attackers have been trained abroad to attack the country, which he says has no adequate system of dealing with terrorism.
Several Insurers Are Named in Lawsuit (AP) AP - Several major insurance companies are named in a class-action lawsuit alleging they conspired with California insurance broker Universal Life Resources to steer business the broker's way in exchange for kickbacks, according to court papers.
Nine Britons confirmed dead in Jordanian coach crash Nine Britons are confirmed dead following a coach crash near the Jordanian tourist attraction of Petra yesterday. According to reports, a tyre of the tour bus blew out on a stretch of the Desert Highway motorway 
Earnings of Electronics Makers Improve (AP) AP - Two Japanese electronics makers reported improved fiscal first-half earnings Friday, with profits at Hitachi Ltd. surging nearly eight-fold, while Toshiba Corp. rebounded to profitability from a loss the previous year.
Italians, Canadians gather to honour living legend: VC winner Smoky Smith (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CESENA, Italy (CP) - Italians and Canadians gathered in a town square beneath the walls of an 800-year-old castle on Friday to honour Ernest (Smoky) Smith, Canada's last surviving winner of the Victoria Cross.
Mauresmo Beats Sugiyama in Quarterfinals (AP) AP - Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo eliminated defending champion Ai Sugiyama 6-2, 6-4 Friday in the quarterfinals of the Generali Ladies Open.
European Search Landscape - Search Engine Strategies Coverage European Search Landscape - Search Engine Strategies Coverage\\I was a bit late getting to the Search Engine Strategies conference, but I made it here for the second track. I decided to attend a new session named European Search Landscape. Here are my notes, please excuse any typos, this was done ...
Bush Asked to Stop Using 'Still the One' (AP) AP - The songwriter who helped pen the 1970s hit, "Still the One," is demanding that President Bush stop using the tune at campaign events, arguing that he's no fan of the Republican incumbent and the campaign never got permission to use the song.
Top Senate Democrat Fights for Political Survival (Reuters) Reuters - Senate Democratic Leader Tom\Daschle, fighting for political survival, walked into Shorty's\Cafe in this farm town and asked for help in Tuesday's\election.
Revelations should cast Thomas in a different light The news is not so much shocking as sad. Surely, everyone whose eyes were open suspected that Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds had been using performance-enhancing drugs for many years.
New 'Hawk' Game Most Thorough Ever There's only one thing better than riding a halfpipe ramp in "Tony Hawk's Underground 2" - doing it in real life. Since I'm pretty sure that's never going to happen, I'll keep on defying gravity in this new game from Activision.
Things that scare Sun's Schwartz Sun President Jonathan Schwartz has a pre-Halloween case of the creeps--and for good reason.
Secret Service busts suspected ID fraud ring Federal agents and international allies arrest 28 suspects thought to have stolen credit card numbers and other financial information.\&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Shadowcrew site in federal custody 
Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) filed seven lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, for transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually explicit 
Thai PM Says Will Punish 'Wrongdoers' Over Deaths  PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - Bomb blasts rocked southern  Thailand on Friday as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra  promised to get to the bottom of the deaths of 78 Muslims in  military custody and punish any "wrongdoers."
News: Bagle variant outstrips Google-bashing worm A new variant of the Bagle email worm is spreading rapidly across the internet today.\
London shares close lower, with NY down amid mixed data over US economy (AFP) AFP - Leading shares closed in negative ground, while Wall Street was looking for direction over mixed data on the state of the US economy, dealers said.
IBM improves on autonomic toolkit (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - IBM on Friday gave its autonomic computing strategy is boost unwrapping an enhanced version of a toolkit designed to help developers more quickly integrate a number of self-managing functions into their existing applications and services.
Kerry Criticizes Delay in Hunger Report (AP) AP - The Kerry campaign on Friday criticized the administration for putting off, possibly until after the election, issuing an annual report that could show an increase in the number of households that either don't have access to enough food or have experienced hunger.
Putin Gets Duma Nod for Reforms to Boost Power  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's parliament backed on Friday  President Vladimir Putin's plan to scrap elections for  governors under sweeping political reforms aimed at  strengthening his grip on power.
Bush Recalls 9/11 Leadership with Victim Relatives (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Friday\appeared with relatives of some Americans killed on Sept. 11,\2001, and vowed the country "will not be held captive by fear"\in a message intended to remind voters of his leadership in\that tense period.
Students suspended for hacking Two students are suspended by Oxford University after admitting infiltrating its computer systems.
New law sinks old practice of floating your checks Floating a check became riskier Thursday under a new law that makes it possible for banks to process them in a matter of hours, rather than days.
ADM Profit Rises Sharply, Shares Up 9 Pct Agribusiness company Archer Daniels Midland Co. (ADM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted a 77 percent jump in quarterly profit, helped by record North American harvests and lower 
28 Arrested in Global Web Fraud Sting By going undercover on the Shadowcrew.com Web site, US investigators were able to find out which of the site #39;s 4,000 members were taking part in criminal conduct.
Official Alleges 17 Mass Graves in Serbia (AP) AP - Serbian territory has 17 mass graves containing bodies of ethnic Albanians slain during Kosovo's 1998-99 war, a former interior minister said Friday, accusing current authorities of a cover-up.
United prepare  #39;Battle of the buffet #39; evidence against Arsenal MANCHESTER, England (AFP) - The fall-out over the Old Trafford tunnel brawl between Manchester United and Arsenal continued with news that United were preparing to ask the Football Association to take action.
Juventus Dump Roma In The Rain Rejuvenated attacker Alessandro Del Piero inspired Juventus to a 2-0 win over AS Roma that restored their five point title advantage on holders AC Milan.
Suha: controversial but estranged supporter of husband Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank, Oct 29 (AFP) - Suha Arafat, the estranged wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, has remained one of his staunchest supporters despite courting controversy for her extravagant lifestyle and lack of tact.
IBM improves on autonomic toolkit IBM on Friday gave its autonomic computing strategy is boost unwrapping an enhanced version of a toolkit designed to help developers more quickly integrate a number of self-managing functions into their existing applications and services.
Agassi Overcomes Verdasco Power  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Andre Agassi marched into the  Stockholm Open semifinals Friday, beating Spanish eighth seed  Fernando Verdasco 7-6, 6-2 in his hardest match of the  tournament.
British Ex-Guantanamo Detainees Sue Rumsfeld (Reuters) Reuters - Four British former inmates of the\U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay sued Defense Secretary\Donald Rumsfeld and others Wednesday saying they were tortured\in violation of U.S. and international law.
Cellular Companies Agree on Standards The nation's cellular companies have agreed on a common standard for multimedia messaging that should enable mobile phone users to exchange photos, video and audio clips just as they do e-mail, regardless of their wireless carrier.
Open Source Gets Nod From UK Govt. The Office of Government Commerce (OGC), UK, has finally given the green signal persuading governments to consider the deployment of open source while implementing new systems.
Web Help for the Voting Disabled A website goes the extra mile to make sure voters aren   rsquo;t confused this Tuesday.  Also: West Virginia organizes the first public supercomputer   hellip;.  FDA keeps its eye on a new pain relief drug   hellip;. and more.
Italians remember Canadians with fondness, gratitude as veterans return (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CESENA, Italy (CP) - For a few stormy days in October 1944, a young Canadian tank sergeant became part of the Bocchini family in an ancient Italian town caught up in the whirlwind of a world war.
GDP Up, But Not Enough for Economists  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumers fed a pick-up in U.S.  economic growth in the third quarter but a sentiment survey for  this month showed oil prices were dampening their spirits,  government and private-sector data showed on Friday.
Martha Stewart: Scarier on Halloween Lower sales, bigger losses, and a sneaky-looking accounting change mean investors should watch their wallets.
HP developing 'smart rack' to ease data center work Company shows off labor-saving data center technology at Palo Alto research lab.
Oracle sex suit winner seeks \$679,000, apology IT sales account manager in England seeks compensation after winning her sex discrimination case.
Netino banks on growth in bioinformatics outsourcing MARSEILLE, FRANCE - Netino SARL sees a bright future for outsourcing in drug discovery: The 2-year-old company just landed a 10-year contract to handle the bioinformatics activities of a major French pharmaceutical company.
Gunmen rob cricket legend Imran Pakistani cricket star Imran Khan has been robbed by armed men in the country's capital, Islamabad.
Local and Shopping Search Are Growing Among Internet Users Local and Shopping Search Are Growing Among Internet Users\\According to a recent consumer search behavior study conducted by BizRate.com and The Kelsey Group of 3,887 online respondents, findings show that while general search engines rank the highest in terms of usage, with 72 percent indicating they use general search engines ...
Clear Channel Earnings Plummet 60 Percent SAN ANTONIO - Clear Channel Communications Inc. #39;s third-quarter profit fell nearly 60 percent from the same period in 2003, which had been inflated by the nation #39;s largest radio station operator #39;s sale of its stake in a Spanish-language broadcasting 
Bank of America files for compensation in Parmalat case MILAN, Italy - Bank of America Corp. said Friday it had filed for damages against former officials and auditors of collapsed dairy giant Parmalat at a preliminary hearing in Milan, as the bank attempts to avoid blame in the massive fraud scandal.
 #39;Approved #39; Stem Cells Found Faulty New research is casting doubts on the usefulness of the human embryonic stem cells available under the White House #39;s research policy.
E-voting: Can it be trusted? com October 28, 2004, 1:15 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
 \$3.0 million team option ST. LOUIS -- The Red Sox were the bold-faced headline on the 2004 season, the town crier in Kenmore Square. The long-suffering franchise fought its way through a cursed history to deliver a World Series triumph 
Agassi overcomes Verdasco power Andre Agassi marched into the Stockholm Open semi-finals on Friday, beating Spanish eighth seed Fernando Verdasco 7-6 6-2 in his toughest match of the tournament.
Top seed Safin slumps in St. Petersburg Russia: Top seed Marat Safin was dumped out of the one-million-dollar ATP Saint Petersburg Open here on Friday following a shock straight sets defeat to Frenchman Michael Llodra.
Leicester get permission to speak to Levein English Championship side Leicester were given permission to speak to Hearts coach Craig Levein in the hope of persuading him to succeed Micky Adams.
Athletics: Montgomery and Gaines doping cases postponed LAUSANNE, Switzerland : Doping cases of world 100m record holder Tim Montgomery and Chryste Gaines have been postponed, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) said.
Cavs to let injury-prone Wagner become free agent CLEVELAND -- Guard Dajuan Wagner will become a free agent after this season because the Cleveland Cavaliers declined their \$3.4 million contract option for 2005-06 on Friday.
Jones leads early push at Chrysler Kent Jones started slowly on Friday but consecutive birdies as he made the turn have boosted him to the top of the leaderboard at the Chrysler Championship.
Ailing Arafat Heads to Paris for Treatment Description: A French plane departs Amman, Jordan, carrying Palestinian President Yasser Arafat to Paris for urgent medical treatment.
Leaders sign EU #39;s first constitution However, their celebration of unity has been marred by uncertainty over its ratification and turmoil over the stalled European Commission.
VIEW: Europes new dawn Jan Peter Balkenende The Constitutional Treaty firmly enshrines fundamental rights in law and makes the EU more democratic, more transparent, and more effective.
FSB asks media to be responsible in covering terrorist attacks MOSCOW, October 29 (Itar-Tass) -- The mass media must be invariably aware of their responsibility while covering terrorist attacks, FSB federal security service director Nikolai Patrushev told the State Duma on Friday.
Lucian Freud portrait of Kate Moss, nude and pregnant, goes on sale (AFP) AFP - A portrait of the British super-model Kate Moss, heavily pregnant and looking uncharacteristically unglamorous, will be sold at auction next February, Christie's auction house said.
TransActing Up and Down Do the third-quarter numbers mean continued volatility for this small-cap stock?
ChevronTexaco Profit Up, Misses Forecasts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ChevronTexaco Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CVX.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. oil company, on Friday reported a 62 percent rise in  quarterly profit from record oil prices and gains from asset  sales, but the results fell short of Wall Street forecasts.
Defense deals lead in federal IT contracts Study shows defense agencies accounted for three-quarters of the \$20 billion in federal IT contracts awarded last quarter.
Making the call as silly as the ring tone PhoneBites' cellular service inserts sound clips into conversations. Ridiculous? The same was said of the multibillion ring tone market.
A Look at Arafat's Low Platelet Count (AP) AP - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been sick for the past two weeks, and blood tests indicate he has a low platelet count. Platelets are tiny components of blood that help the clotting process by sticking to the lining of blood vessels. Produced in the bone marrow, platelets are vital to life, preventing massive blood loss from trauma.
AstraZeneca's Crestor May Harm Kidneys  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Twenty-nine patients who took  AstraZeneca Plc's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.N&lt;/A&gt; anti-cholesterol drug Crestor  have developed kidney damage, a U.S. consumer group said on  Friday as it called again for a ban on the medicine.
AstraZeneca's Crestor May Harm Kidneys (Reuters) Reuters - Twenty-nine patients who took\AstraZeneca Plc's   anti-cholesterol drug Crestor\have developed kidney damage, a U.S. consumer group said on\Friday as it called again for a ban on the medicine.
Update 1: ADM #39;s Earnings Skyrocket; Stocks Soars Archer Daniels Midland Co., the agribusiness giant, reported a 77 percent increase Friday in its first-quarter earnings, citing significant gains in oilseed and bioproducts processing and feed and ingredient sales and a major improvement in inventory 
IDC sees decline in handheld market The global market for handheld devices continues to dwindle, according to data released by IDC this week. The industry has recorded a year-over-year fall for the third successive quarter, the researcher said.
Hearts say coach Craig Levein to leave for Leicester Heart of Midlothian Plc said head coach Craig Levein is holding talks to take over as manager at Leicester City in England after steering the Scottish soccer club to the group stage of Europe #39;s UEFA Cup this season.
Prince Charles visits Petra day after crash The Prince of Wales has travelled to Petra a day after nine British pilgrim tourists were killed in a coach crash near the ancient Jordanian city.
Zimbabwe #39;s Parliament jails white member Zimbabwe #39;s Parliament has sentenced to a year in jail one of its three white members for knocking down a government minister, the BBC reported Friday.
Telstra for sale at \$5 a share TREASURER Peter Costello yesterday declared Telstra would not be sold until its share price was more than \$5. That came despite the Coalition having secured a Senate majority.
Philippines Rushes Relief to Flooded Areas  GENERAL NAKAR, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine troops  rushed food and drinking water by foot and helicopters on  Sunday to areas cut off by four storms that left more than  1,300 people dead or missing as residents scrambled to flee the  region.
Ukraine votes for new leader as Russia and the West watch anxiously (AFP) AFP - Hundreds of thousands of pro-Western and pro-Russian activists mobilized across Ukraine as the former Soviet republic headed into a stormy weekend vote that Washington warned would spark unspecified  quot;measures quot; if rigged by the state.
Colombia Offers Rebels Prisoner Swap (AP) AP - Colombia's hardline government said Friday it is willing to meet with members of the country's main leftist rebel group in an unprecedented offer aimed at freeing dozens of rebel-held hostages, including three Americans.
Acer's 3Q Net Profit Plummets 63 Percent (AP) AP - Acer Inc., the world's fifth-largest computer company, said Friday its third-quarter net profit fell 63 percent from the same period last year in part because of investment losses from affiliates.
Laboratory Mice Produce Human Antibodies (AP) AP - For a small biopharmaceutical firm that has yet to get a drug on the market, Medarex Inc. has been keeping some impressive company. Top pharmaceutical and biotech firms, from Johnson  amp; Johnson to Amgen Inc., have been signing deals with Medarex to use its genetically engineered mice as they seek to develop new drugs. The doctored mice have the rare ability to produce human antibodies, which can help fight disease just as natural antibodies do.
Hurricanes Power Gillette's Duracell Net profit growth is keeping investors from worrying about Gillette's free cash flow.
World oil prices fall on profit-taking ahead of US election LONDON : Oil prices slid for a third day running as speculators banked profits ahead of next week #39;s US presidential election amid easing supply fears and China #39;s move to hike interest rates, analysts said.
US believes bomb caused Marriott blast in Pakistan, tells citizens to avoid area (AFP) AFP - The United States believes a blast that wounded several people at the Marriott hotel in Islamabad was caused by an improvised bomb and not an electrical short circuit as Pakistani officials have said, the State Department said.
Univ. of Calif. Reaches Settlement with Lehman  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The University of California said on  Friday that Lehman Brothers has agreed to pay \$222.5 million to  settle a class action suit for the bank's role in the sale of  Enron Corp. securities to it and other plaintiffs.
You broke it. Who fixes it? Apple thinks do-it-yourself PC repair is the wave of the future. But another PC maker has other ideas.
Lurking threats cast shadow on Net The Bagle worm shifts shape to outsmart antivirus software. Plus: Media player patches and Feds' fraud crackdown.
Stem cells scientists can use are tainted Washington -- All of the human embryonic stem cells available to federally funded scientists under President Bush #39;s 3-year-old research policy share a previously unrecognized trait that fosters rejection by the immune systems, diminishing their potential 
Latest  #39;Leisure Suit Larry #39; lacking Too bad the newest installment in the  quot;Leisure Suit Larry quot; series isn #39;t much of a video game. The challenging puzzles and clever character interaction that boosted earlier titles in the franchise 
WSJ, CNBC honor Apple's Jobs Business-focused publication, TV network, name Mac Maker's CEO the "Leader in Innovation." eBay's Whitman another honoree.
Webmail drops Windows for open source platform Webmail.us, which provides hosted e-mail service for small and medium-size businesses, will announce next week a raft of improvements to its service, including a major migration of its core e-mail platform from Microsoft Corp. Windows to an open source platform.
S and P watching Shell for possible debt downgrade (AFP) AFP - Standard and Poor's Ratings Services said it had its eye on Royal Dutch/Shell for a possible downgrade of the oil company's debt rating in case of a further restatement of its reserves.
Canada Eyes Internet Pharmacy Drug Supply to U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - Canada may have to toughen up rules on\Internet pharmacies' sales of medicines to the United States,\Industry Minister David Emerson said on Friday, amid public\concerns of shortages or price spikes despite controls.
Stocks Flat on Economic Data Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks barely budged on Friday  afternoon as data gave a mixed picture of the economy, which  grew at a slower-than-expected pace in the third quarter.
WRAPUP 2-US consumers help economic growth in third quarter US consumers fed a pick-up in US economic growth in the third quarter but a sentiment survey for this month showed oil prices were dampening their spirits 
FDA seeks more safety data on Vioxx successor Merck  amp; Co. said the US Food and Drug Administration has requested additional safety and efficacy information on its Vioxx successor, Arcoxia, before it considers granting US approval for the drug.
Lehman Brothers settles Enron shareholder lawsuit HOUSTON - Wall Street brokerage house Lehman Brothers has agreed to pay \$222.5 million to a class-action lawsuit alleging that it and other banks and brokerages helped Enron Corp.
Hollinger Shares Soar on Buyout Proposal TORONTO - Shares of Hollinger Inc. soared Friday after embattled press baron Conrad Black announced plans to buy out other shareholders of the publicly traded Canadian company at the center of his business empire.
Radar Reaches Titan #39;s Surface Through Clouds After making the closest-ever flyby of mysterious Saturn moon Titan this week, the Cassini probe has sent back radar data that reveals some facts about the planet-like moon #39;s surface.
EarthLink, Partners File Spam Lawsuits October 29, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Internet service provider EarthLink (earthlink.com) announced on Friday that it has filed a new lawsuit in federal court in Atlanta as part of its continuing fight against spam.
Linux in Government: In Spite of Endorsements, Government Linux &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Latest report from the UK, although indicative of serious change, tells us again what we already know. On Thursday, October 28, the press was abuzz with news of the United Kingdom #39;s formal publication of its 
Secret Service Busts Cyber Gangs The US Secret Service Thursday announced arrests in eight states and six foreign countries of 28 suspected cybercrime gangsters on charges of identity theft, computer fraud, credit card fraud, and conspiracy.
Reheated Bagle smokes out antivirus defenses com October 29, 2004, 8:21 AM PT. Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Adults-Only rated Leisure Suit Larry now available More nudity, more raunch, more sex scenes fill new  quot;Uncut quot; version of VU #39;s risqu college adventure. Is it even possible to make Leisure Suit Larry: Magna Cum Laude--a video game characterized by nothing 
Dravid blames batting for India #39;s debacle NAGPUR: India stand-in captain Rahul Dravid refused to blame the Nagpur pitch for the team #39;s loss against Australia in the third Test, and instead, censured the batsmen for the team #39;s downfall, saying they were capable of much more.
Arkansas State will also play in KC in  #39;05 KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Kansas City Chiefs will allow Kansas and Arkansas State to play one home game each at Arrowhead Stadium in 2005.
Future Looking Up for Flamel As the nanotech/biotech company earns a profit, keep an eye on two drugs in phase 3 trials.
Massu and Koubek Reach Basel Semis  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - Double Olympic gold  medallist Nicolas Massu registered his best win since Athens on  Friday, striding into the semifinals of the \$1.26 million Swiss  Indoors tournament with a 6-2, 7-6 win over Bohdan Ulihrach.
UPDATE 1-Univ. of Calif. reaches settlement with Lehman The University of California said on Friday that Lehman Brothers (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to pay \$222.5 million to settle a class action suit for the bank #39;s role in the sale Enron Corp.
Bristol-Myers Squibb profit slips 16 percent Bristol-Myers Squibb said its third-quarter profit dipped 16 percent from a year ago to 758 million dollars as the pharmaceutical giant boosted research in the face of expiring patents.
Reheated Bagle smokes out antivirus defenses A new version of the fast-spreading Bagle mass-mailing worm was discovered Friday, with its threat level quickly rising to a moderate level, according to security experts.
Garcia battles for the lead Valderrama, Spain - Overnight leader Sergio Garcia came back from a disastrous start to his second round of the Volvo Masters to keep himself atop the leaderboard here on Friday.
Mourinho Wary of Baggies Backlash Jose Mourinho would rather be facing the likes of Arsenal or Manchester United than taking on managerless West Brom tomorrow. Frank Burrows will take charge of the Baggies against 
Home star Sete grabs provisional pole. Sete Gibernau still cannot hide his bitter disappointment at losing the world title to Valentino Rossi, but he managed a wry smile after leading the first qualifying session for the final MotoGP race of the season, the Valencia Grand Prix, in his Spanish 
Rangnick showing magic touch with Schalke Gelsenkirchen, Germany (Sports Network) - Since taking the reigns of Schalke on September 28, coach Ralf Rangnick has orchestrated a turn-around that has the club thinking of a Bundesliga championship.
U.S. thinks Pakistan blast likely caused by a bomb (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. State Department said on Friday it believed a blast at an Islamabad hotel was probably caused by a bomb, differing from the Pakistani view that it appeared to be the result of an electrical fault.
Iraq death toll  #39;soared post-war #39; Poor planning, air strikes by coalition forces and a  quot;climate of violence quot; have led to more than 100,000 extra deaths in Iraq, scientists say.
EU leaders sign first constitution The 25 European Union leaders on Friday signed the EU #39;s first constitution that aims to boost the union #39;s presence on the world stage but will face a tough ratification test at the hands of European parliaments and voters before it can take effect.
Italy govt set to begin European Constitution ratification The government, keen to make Italy the first country to ratify the EU constitutional treaty, was setto greenlight the necessary bill in a cabinet meeting late Friday afternoon.
Alaskans to Vote on Legalizing Marijuana (Reuters) Reuters - Voters in Alaska will decide on\Tuesday whether to make their state the first in the country to\legalize the sale, possession or use of marijuana by adults.
Lucent, Unions to Talk Beyond Deadline  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lucent Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt; and  unions representing roughly 10 percent of the  telecommunications equipment maker's work force said on Friday  they have agreed to extend talks a week beyond a midnight EST  Sunday contract deadline.
Bush and Kerry Offer Competing Visions of the Future The president was in New Hampshire, the only state in the Northeast that he carried in 2000, while his Democratic challenger was in Florida.
Colombia Offers Rebels Prisoner Swap Colombia's hardline government said Friday it is willing to meet with members of the country's main leftist rebel group in an unprecedented offer aimed at freeing dozens of rebel-held hostages, including three Americans.
British Black Watch soldier killed in Iraq vehicle accident (AFP) AFP - A British soldier from the Black Watch regiment was killed and three others injured in a vehicle accident in Iraq's Babil province, where they had just moved from southern Iraq, a spokesman said.
Colorado could become the Florida of 2004 (AFP) AFP - Whether President George W. Bush serves another four years or is ousted by challenger John Kerry may depend on a last-minute amendment to the Colorado constitution that has deeply divided residents of the western state.
Black 'to resign from Hollinger' Lord Black will resign as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc, enabling the board to consider his buy-out offer.
WR Grace Is Target of Federal Probe WR Grace  amp; Co. said Friday it is the target of a federal grand jury investigation involving possible obstruction of federal agency proceedings as well as violations of and conspiracy to violate federal environmental laws.
Avon #39;s US Sales Drop Sends Shares Lower; Net Rises (Update5) Avon Products Inc., the world #39;s largest direct seller of cosmetics, reported its first US sales decline in five years, sending the company #39;s shares down the most since 2000.
ADM #39;s Earnings Skyrocket; Stocks Soars DECATUR, Ill. - Archer Daniels Midland Co., the agribusiness giant, reported a 77 percent increase Friday in its first-quarter earnings, citing significant gains in oilseed and bioproducts processing and feed 
AOL Takes  #39;Spimmers #39; to Court bulk messages clogging instant-messaging accounts. AOL and its Anti-Spam Alliance partners -- EarthLink, Microsoft, and Yahoo 
NASA prepares for future risk As NASA readies the space shuttle fleet to fly again, the agency #39;s risk management teams are also paying attention to risk issues that affect the International Space Station.
GAME REVIEW: New  #39;Grand Theft Auto #39; will pull you in Like Al Pacino #39;s Michael Corleone says in  quot;Godfather III quot;:  quot;Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.
Discovery Shines Ray of Hope on Eye Diseases Human retinal stem cells can regenerate when implanted into the eyes of chicks and mice, says a University of Toronto study. After being transplanted into the animals, the 
New Bagle virus declares cyber war IT security experts have warned that a newly intercepted mutant of the infamous mass-mailing Bagle worm, dubbed Bagle.bb, has begun to spread rapidly across the internet.
Road Bridge cable alert SAFETY tests are to be carried out on the Forth Road Bridge after broken wires and corrosion were found inside its main cables. The weaknesses were discovered during the first full-scale inspection of the 40-year-old bridges two main cables.
Longhorns Hope to Bypass Holiday Bowl (AP) AP - When Colorado coach Gary Barnett looks at the Texas roster or watches the Longhorns on tape, he comes to a simple conclusion. "They sure have a pretty team," he said. He means pretty, as in big, fast and talented. It's exactly the kind of team they should have at a school as renowned as Texas, which is why it's hard to understand how the Longhorns (6-1, 3-1 Big 12) keep winding up in the Holiday Bowl.
Garcia leads Volvo Masters by one after Valderrama victimizes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VALDERRAMA, Spain (PA) -- Add Darren Clarke #39;s name to the list of victims claimed by one of golf #39;s most controversial holes.
Angry Safin upset by call, Llodra at St. Petersburg Open a mark on the court. The point was replayed, and Llodra wound up holding serve. play dropped. Llodra broke him at love in the fourth game and then held for.
Nuggets pick up option on Nene DENVER (Ticker) - Power forward Nene, who led Brazil to a bronze medal in the Goodwill Games in 2001, will have through at least the 2005-06 season to help the Denver Nuggets contend for an NBA title.
Moscow: 500-plus terror attacks foiled Moscow says its anti-terrorism agents have foiled more than 500 terror attacks so far this year, Itar-Tass reported Friday. Nikolai Patrushev, the nation #39;s Federal Security 
European Leaders in Rome for EU Constitution Signing At an historic ceremony in Rome on Friday, European leaders signed the treaty establishing the EU Constitution. Before it takes effect, however, the document must be ratified by all member states -- a process expected to take about two years.
Report: Japanese Hostage Killed in Iraq (AP) AP - A Japanese civilian taken hostage in Iraq by militants has been killed, Kyodo News agency reported Saturday, citing a member of Japan's ruling party. But national broadcaster NHK said the government was still trying to confirm the information.
Auburn Focused on SEC Championship Spot (AP) AP - Tommy Tuberville returns to Mississippi with a trip to Atlanta on the line, and he's bringing his best Auburn team yet. The third-ranked Tigers need one win to lock up a spot in the Southeastern Conference championship game before their first off week of the season, and all they have to do is win Saturday at Mississippi  #151; where Tuberville hasn't lost since leaving Oxford for Auburn six years ago.
Headscarf row mars Turkey's 81st birthday (AFP) AFP - Turkey celebrated the 81st anniversary of its foundation, but the festivities were marred by an embargo that President Ahmet Necdet Sezer slapped on women with Islamic headscarves at a reception in his palace.
New Bagle Virus Declares Cyber War Luis Corrons, head of PandaLabs, said the Bagle worm variant  quot;is here to pick up the cyber war that started a few months ago between several groups of virus creators.
Study: PDA Market in Decline Shipments of PDAs and similar handheld devices declined for the third consecutive quarter, according to the latest data from IDC. Third-quarter global PDA shipments fell 8.7 percent compared to the same period last year.
Schalke, Stuttgart Aim to Topple Wolfsburg With the Bundesliga tightening at the top of the table, a resurgent Schalke 04 will take on a flagging VfB Stuttgart on Saturday. VfL Wolfsburg will try to fend off both teams as the league leader hosts Mainz 05.
Munoz recovering from a concussion KNOXVILLE - Tennessee senior offensive tackle Michael Munoz has been plagued by lingering effects from a concussion suffered last week in the Alabama game.
Secret Service Nabs 28 in Online Fraud Sting (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - An undercover investigation led by the U.S. Secret Service has led to the arrests of 28 individuals suspected of being part of a global organized cybercrime network. Charges against the suspects include identity theft, computer fraud, credit-card fraud and conspiracy.
Study: PDA Market in Decline (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - For the third consecutive quarter, shipments of handheld devices, including personal digital assistants (PDAs), have declined, according to a study by IDC.
Verizon Wireless Boosts Parent Company (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Verizon Communications (NYSE: VZ) posted profit of US #36;1.796 billion for its third quarter, up from  #36;1.791 billion a year ago. The company attributed the slight rise to its wireless segment, which brought in an additional 1.7 million wireless customers.
Trusted Mobile Platform Launches Early Stage Specifications (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM), Intel and NTT DoCoMo (NYSE: DCM) have proposed a new industry platform to guide the development of security technologies in both software and hardware for wireless mobile devices. The companies are part of new group pushing the Trusted Mobile Platform.
Molik Beats Golovin in SEAT Open Quarters (AP) AP - Alicia Molik came back to beat French teen Tatiana Golovin 3-6, 6-4, 6-4 in the SEAT Open quarterfinals Friday, moving closer to winning her second WTA Tour title in two weeks.
Bristol-Myers Profit Lower, So Are Shares  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BMY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BMY.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said quarterly profit fell 16 percent on special charges  and lower U.S. sales amid competition from rival brands and  cheaper generics.
Study: 100,000 civilian deaths due to Iraq invasion Today, the Lancet medical journal published a report which concludes that 100,000 civilians died in the US-led invasion of Iraq. This is an incredibly high estimate, and at first may seem too farfetched not to be propaganda. But it cannot easily be dismissed. The report's authors are researchers from Johns Hopkins University, Columbia University, and Al-Mustansiriya University in Baghdad. The Lancet is a highly-respected, peer-reviewed publication. The report appears to be a serious academic attempt to study the public health consequences of the invasion.  Also, The New Republic magazine has conducted an interview with Prof. Gilbert Burnham, the report's main author.   Excerpts and comments below.
Reds Pick Up Casey's Contract Option (AP) AP - The Reds picked up Sean Casey's contract option for 2006 on Friday, an indication they have no intention of trading the popular first baseman who is among the team's highest-paid players.
Schmid to Coach U.S. Under-20 Soccer Team (AP) AP - Sigi Schmid was hired Friday as coach of the U.S. Under-20 team, his second stint in the job.
Intel to debut new Itaniums Nov. 8 Entire updated chip line to be unveiled, sources say. Newest top-line Itanium 2 boosts high-speed cache memory from 6MB to 9MB.
Grace responds to letter about investigation WR Grace  amp; Co., a Columbia-based supplier of silica products, alerted shareholders Friday it received a letter saying it is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation.
Snecma and Sagem plan \$6 bn merger The French government today backed the creation of a new champion in the aerospace and defence sector as Snecma, the part-privatised aero-engine maker, and Sagem, the electronics group, announced plans to merge in a deal valuing Snecma at about 4.
Black  #39;to resign from Hollinger #39; Lord Black is to resign as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc, clearing the way for the board to consider his offer to buy the firm.
Archeologists divided over  #39;Home floresiensis #39; Archeologists are at odds over the discovery of the skeleton of a dwarf-sized human species on the remote island of Flores, which is said could rewrite the history of human evolution.
A sky-high Swedish farewell cake poisons 13 (AFP) AFP - Thirteen employees of a botanical garden in Stockholm ended up in the hospital showing symptoms of drug poisoning after a departing intern served them cake as a goodbye gesture, police said.
Egypt, Israel free prisoners in exchange deal (AFP) AFP - Egypt and Israel completed a prisoner swap under which six Egyptian students held for plotting attacks on soldiers were freed in return for the release by Egypt of an Israeli Druze held for spying.
UPDATE 1-Garcia retains lead after lost-ball incident Sergio Garcia had to undergo an extensive investigation following a lost-ball incident at Valderrama on Friday before being cleared to keep his one-stroke lead in the Volvo Masters second round.
Reds pick up Casey #39;s option At season #39;s end there was a lot of talk about the possibility of Sean Casey being traded. That notion became extremely unlikely on Friday afternoon when Reds general 
Times of London Shrinks to Tabloid Format Only After 216 years as a broadsheet newspaper, The Times will become a tabloid-only publication starting on Monday. The move follows a decision 11 months ago to publish the British national 
SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down a key Big 12 showdown The Sooners #39; offense is so dangerous because it has an array of weapons and can beat teams in a number of ways. Fantastic freshman Adrian Peterson is the nation #39;s top running back, rushing for at least 100 yards in all seven games.
Ukraine votes for new leader as Russia and the West watch &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KIEV : Hundreds of thousands of pro-Western and pro-Russian activists mobilized across Ukraine as the former Soviet republic headed into a stormy weekend vote that Washington warned would spark unspecified  quot;measures quot; if rigged by the state.
First EU constitution signed: World News: Rome, Oct 29 : The 25 members states of the European Union (EU) signed the bloc #39;s first constitution at a historic summit in Italy Friday, reports Xinhua.
ASU, Cal Defenses Looking for Respect (AP) AP - When two quarterbacks as good as California's Aaron Rodgers and Arizona State's Andrew Walter meet up, it usually leads to a thrilling game for fans  #151; and an embarrassing night for defenses.
Body Resembling Japanese Hostage Found in Iraq  TOKYO (Reuters) - A body resembling a Japanese hostage has  been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for  identification, Japanese officials said on Saturday.
New Photoshop Elements Now shipping, Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0 gives you the power to perfect and transform your digital photos like a pro. Oct 29
National Foods continues merger talks with SPC MELBOURNE: Australian dairy group National Foods Ltd said yesterday it is continuing merger talks with SPC Ardmona despite becoming a takeover target itself.
Marlins Guarantee Mike Lowell's Contract (AP) AP - New ballpark or not, Mike Lowell is staying with the Florida Marlins. Lowell, who could have opted out of his contract because the team hasn't secured new stadium financing, agreed Friday to a revised deal in which the team guarantees the remaining  #36;25.5 million on his contract.
Titan intrigues scientists p2pnet.net OT News:- A  quot;cold landscape carved by winds and perhaps puddled with organic lakes quot;.  quot;The take-home message, although preliminary, is that Titan may be sculpted by fierce winds and cradle vast lakes of organic chemicals.
Angry Safin Upset by Call, Llodra Marat Safin lost his temper and his quarterfinal at the St. Petersburg Open on Friday, getting surprised by seventh-seeded Michael Llodra 6-4, 6-1 after protesting a line call.
Terps #39; Jackson Plenty Motivated For FSU Clash D #39;Qwell Jackson grew up in Largo, Fla., 300 miles from Tallahassee and almost 1,000 miles from College Park. Geography was one obstacle Ralph Friedgen overcame to sign Jackson, who played 
Campaign fails to change attitudes on Iraq: poll (AFP) AFP - For all their fussing and fuming over Iraq, the US presidential candidates have barely made a dent in the basic attitude of Americans towards the war, a new poll suggested.
Exiled Ansar founder could be linked to Allawi attack plot (AFP) AFP - The founder of radical Islamist group Ansar al-Islam was questioned in Oslo by German police ahead of the arrests in Germany of three men suspected of plotting to attack visiting Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allaiwi.
NASA Picks May 2005 for Launch Date (AP) AP - NASA said Friday it is aiming for a mid-May launch of the first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy almost two years ago.
Snap-On Ratchets Down Expectations The hand tool manufacturer beats estimates, but internal growth can't match competition.
Leaders Sign European Union's First Constitution The treaty was the result of 28 months of sometimes acrimonious debate, and now faces ratification in national parliaments.
Henman Falls to Novak in Basel  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - British world number four  Tim Henman was knocked out of the quarterfinals of the \$1.26  million Swiss Indoors tournament Friday, falling 7-6, 7-5 to  unseeded Czech Jiri Novak.
Oil Prices Rebound on Supply Worries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices bounced back on Friday,  ending this week's 8 percent slide as supply fears were  rekindled ahead of the winter heating season and dealers  squared their books in advance of next Tuesday's U.S.  presidential election.
Al-Jazeera Says Will Play Bin Laden Tape (AP) AP - The Arab television station Al-Jazeera said Friday it would broadcast a tape from al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden on an evening newscast.
Ukraine Challenger Predicts Mass Cheating in Vote  KIEV (Reuters) - Liberal challenger Viktor Yushchenko  predicted on Friday that Ukrainian authorities would resort to  mass fraud to ensure victory for the establishment candidate in  an increasingly tense weekend presidential poll.
Future's Cloudy for Clear Channel Earnings are up, but sagging revenues are more annoying than static.
US Economy: 3rd-Qtr GDP Grew 3.7, Confidence Ebbed (Update2) The US economy grew at a slower-than- expected 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter as rising oil prices contributed to a record trade deficit and companies added less to inventories.
Lord Black to resign from Hollinger Inc. Conrad Black intends to give up his management positions with Hollinger Inc.,  quot;within a matter of days, quot; to avoid conflicts with his offer to the board to privatize the Toronto holding company.
Intel to debut new Itaniums Nov. 8 com October 29, 2004, 12:02 PM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Suit Accuses Microsoft of Selling  #39;Defective #39; Xboxes A Los Angeles man filed a class action suit yesterday against Microsoft, claiming that the company manufactured and sold thousands of defective Xbox video game systems.
Hard work paid off, says Gilchrist after series win Australian bowler Jason Gillespie congratulated by teamates after taking the wicket of Indian captain Rahul Dravid on the fourth day of the third Test match in Nagpur on Friday.
Reds pick up Casey #39;s option Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Reds exercised the 2006 contract option for first baseman Sean Casey. Casey, who is a three-time All-Star, signed a three-year contract extension in February 2002 with a club option for the coming season.
Auburn focused on clinching spot in SEC championship Tommy Tuberville returns to Mississippi with a trip to Atlanta on the line, and he #39;s bringing his best Auburn team yet. The third-ranked Tigers need one win to lock up a spot in the Southeastern Conference 
Study puts civilian tollin Iraq at over 100,000 PARIS More than 100,000 civilians have probably died as direct or indirect consequences of the US-led invasion of Iraq, according to a study by a research team at Johns Hopkins University #39;s Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore.
Iran Sees Small Chance of UN Economic Sanctions Iran believes there is only a 10 percent chance the UN Security Council will impose economic sanctions on it if Washington succeeds in sending its nuclear case there, a senior security official said on Friday.
Labor Memo Suggests Bush to Win Election (AP) AP - Labor Department staff, analyzing statistics from private economists, report in an internal memo that President Bush is likely to do "much better" in Tuesday's election than the polls are predicting.
Why Japanese Horror Films Are So Spooky Following the success of &lt;I&gt;The Ring&lt;/I&gt; and, more recently, &lt;I&gt;The Grudge,&lt;/I&gt; a slew of Hollywood remakes of Japanese horror movies are in the pipeline. But audiences beware: These are not your typical monster-in-the-closet scary movies.
Jerusalem Strife Echoes Ancient History It may be called the City of Peace, but no other city has been more bitterly fought over than Jerusalem. Eric Cline, a historian, archaeologist, and author of the new book &lt;I&gt;Jerusalem Besieged: From Ancient Canaan to Modern Israel&lt;/I&gt; discusses the holy city's turbulent history.
Samoa Worm Sperm Spawns Annual Fiesta Every October or November the reproductive swarming of an ocean worm known as the palolo is cause for a Samoan celebration. Fried in oil, baked into bread, or swallowed raw, worm sperm and eggs are a tasty treat.
Election Is Crunch Time for U.S. Secret Service With just days to go before the U.S. presidential election, the candidates are darting from one stop to the next #151;putting the pressure on the Secret Service in the process.
Natl Geographic Film Fest Gives Voice to Unsung Cultures This week the National Geographic All Roads Film Festival showcases indigenous filmmakers. Among the films, an Iranian documentary set in a public restroom, where women remove their veils, smoke, and discuss everything from drugs to sex to religion.
The Future of Alternative Energy Residential energy use in the United States is predicted to increase 25 percent by 2025. A small but increasing share of that power will trickle in from renewable energy sources, experts say.
Where's the spark on power line Net? The NYT has an optimistic overview on broadband over power lines, calling it "the ultimate plug and play." Broadband Blog
Future #39;s Cloudy for Clear Channel Multimedia monster Clear Channel Communications (NYSE: CCU) turned up the volume today with a third-quarter report that was decidedly better than the headlines hyping a  quot;60 drop quot; in earnings.
Secret Service Busts Cyber Gangs The US Secret Service Thursday announced arrests in eight states and six foreign countries of 28 suspected cybercrime gangsters on charges of identity theft, computer fraud, credit-card fraud, and conspiracy.
Bungie Founder Unearths New Game Alex Seropian #39;s Stubbs the Zombie in  quot;Rebel without a Pulse quot; uses Halo engine in new third-person action game. October 29, 2004 - Aspyr Media and Wideload Games today dug up their newest creation, revealing 
Molik stays on course for second tournament win in row Alicia Molik came back to beat French teen Tatiana Golovin 3-6, 6-4, 6-4 in the SEAT Open quarterfinals Friday, moving closer to winning her second WTA Tour title in two weeks.
Lowell under contract with Marlins through 2007 Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Mike Lowell #39;s contract with the Florida Marlins is no longer contingent on the team getting a new stadium.
Thai PM Apologizes to Nation for Deaths in South Thailand #39;s prime minister apologized to the families of at least 84 people killed when troops put down a demonstration in the country #39;s mainly Muslim south, but blamed the riot on troublemakers.
Island men convicted on sex charges The mayor and five other men on the small Pacific island of Pitcairn were sentenced to as much as six years in prison for a string of rapes and sex attacks dating back 40 years on the remote and isolated home of the HMS Bounty 
US says  #39;time running out #39; for Iran to comply with nuclear demands WASHINGTON, Oct 29 (AFP) - The United States said Friday that  quot;time is running out quot; for Iran to avoid being hauled before the UN Security Council for possible sanctions by complying with international demands to halt uranium enrichment activities and come 
Violence Prompts Curfew in Liberia Capital Violence between Muslims and Christians engulfed Liberia #39;s war-battered capital Friday, with machete-wielding crowds rampaging through the streets and UN peacekeepers firing warning shots and tear gas to restore order amid burned mosques and churches.
Americans from Plattsburgh come to Quebec to get their flu shots (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LACOLLE, Que. (CP) - Several hundred seniors from northern New York state  boarded buses and arrived in this Canadian border community on Friday to pay  #36;25 US each for their flu shots.
Oil Up on Supply Woes, Election Jitters  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices bounced back on Friday,  ending this week's 8 percent slide on renewed winter supply  fears and jitters ahead of next week's U.S. presidential  election.
Oil Prices Fall Nearly \$4 Over Past Week Oil prices bounced higher Friday following two days of sharp declines, but traders said they expect prices to move lower again by early next week in anticipation of the Energy Department's next petroleum supply report.
Delightful Discount or Devilish Decline? Slowing sales and income plus a warning about future profitability at Deluxe shows just how thin the line between deep value and permanent decline can be.
Garcia Leads Volvo Masters by One Stroke (AP) AP - Sergio Garcia recovered from a poor start and survived a rules scare, closing the second round with two birdies for a 2-under 69 and a one-stroke lead Friday in the Volvo Masters.
Jaguars Upgrade RB Taylor As Probable (AP) AP - Jacksonville running back Fred Taylor was upgraded to probable Friday and should start at Houston despite a leg injury.
Phone Magic (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Hip-hop impresario Russell Simmons took one look at the Motorola  Razr V3 mobile phone and declared it "hot." After all, at half an inch thin and just 3.35 oz. -- with the look of a classic straight-edge razor -- the Razr is, well, quite sharp. But what's most remarkable about this svelte pocket pleaser is that it squeezes a video-clip player, zoom camera, and polyphonic speakers into a matchbook-thin frame no wider than a credit card. "Just like a cool pair of sneakers or a watch, a phone says something about who you are," says Simmons in an e-mail. ...
Klein's bizarre start to cakewalk election raises eyebrows in Alberta (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - Is Ralph Klein's political antenna broken?
Federal regulators want more data before approving new Merck pain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Most analysts and doctors had not expected the FDA to give Arcoxia a green light now because Merck pulled Vioxx from the market last month after a study showed it doubled patients risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Say Goodbye to the Float as Checking Enters 21st Century Consumer advocates are urging bank customers to be more careful about the checks they write now that new federal regulations designed to speed up check processing have taken effect.
ING Canada Files IPO Prospectus ING Canada Inc., a unit of Dutch bank and insurance group ING Groep NV, on Friday said it has filed a prospectus for an initial public offering of its common shares in Canada.
King, Knave, or Village Idiot? Troubled King Pharmaceuticals' latest accounting woes threaten to scuttle its merger with Mylan.
Human embryonic stem cells promising for replacement of blood &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Researchers at the University of Minnesota Stem Cell Institute are one step closer to understanding how blood cells develop through the use of human embryonic stem cells.
The Other Side of Oil Most people think oil companies are awash in cash -- until they look at the balance sheet.
Mauresmo charges into Linz semis Linz, Austria (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo of France led the parade into the semifinals at the \$585,000 Generali Ladies Linz tennis event.
Argonauts offer free tickets after 38-point loss The Toronto Argonauts are offering a big giveaway to make up for a big loss. Apologizing to their fans after getting beaten 58-20 by the Montreal Alouettes, the CFL club said Friday that a ticket stub from 
Diagnosis on Arafat Expected in a Few Days The Palestinian Authority #39;s representative in France says a diagnosis of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s illness will not be available until he undergoes a series of tests that could take several days.
Japanese hostage in Iraq reportedly killed TOKYO - There are conflicting reports about whether a Japanese man taken hostage in Iraq last week has been killed by his captors.
New Meta survey: Bush good for outsourcing Almost half of the IT execs responding to a new Meta survey expect offshoring to increase if George Bush wins reelection as president. Offshoring Blog
Henman Falls to Novak in Basel &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Mark Ledsom&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - British world number fourTim Henman was knocked out of the quarterfinals of the \$1.26million Swiss Indoors tournament Friday, falling 7-6, 7-5 tounseeded Czech Jiri Novak.&lt;/p&gt;
Muslim gathering ends with prayers for peace Nearly 2 million Muslims from around the world have ended their three-day annual prayer for global peace and harmony outside the Bangladesh capital, Dhaka.
Update 1: Ovitz Says He Was Mistaken Over Bonus Michael Ovitz, Walt Disney Co. #39;s former president, said Friday he was mistaken in his previous testimony that his annual bonus was tied to Disney chief executive Michael Eisner #39;s bonus.
Help for Dialysis Patients The US Food and Drug Administration has approved a chewable non-calcium drug that can help kidney patients on dialysis manage their phosphorus levels.
Germany Expands Same-Sex Couples' Rights (AP) AP - German lawmakers expanded the rights of same-sex couples Friday, allowing registered domestic partners to adopt each other's children and making rules on splitting up and alimony similar to those for heterosexual marriages.
NASA Scientists Find Surface of Titan  #39;Very Alien #39; The surface of Saturn #39;s moon Titan may be covered by thick drifts of combustible organic  quot;snow quot; floating on lakes of liquid methane or water and ammonia ice flows, NASA (news - web sites) scientists said on Friday.
Evolutionary Shrinkage: Stone Age Homo find offers small surprise Big evolutionary insights sometimes come in little packages. Witness the startling discovery, in a cave on the eastern Indonesian island of Flores, of the partial skeleton of a half-size Homo species that 
Eye on IT The Office of Government Commerce #39;s report into the viability of using open-source software in the public sector was toned down in its praise of Linux security before release, silicon.
Marquee Matchup Though they met in the preseason in Philadelphia, this is the game we #39;ve been waiting for since headline machine Terrell Owens spurned the receiver-needy Ravens for the receiver-needy Eagles this offseason.
Yankees Decline Options on Quantrill, Lee (AP) AP - The Yankees declined their 2005 option on first baseman Travis Lee on Friday and their 2006 option on reliever Paul Quantrill.
Japanese hostage probably killed in Iraq A body found in Iraq is probably that of Japanese hostage Shosei Koda, taken captive by an Islamic militant group in Iraq, according to information obtained by the Japanese government.
US urgres free, fair Ukraine vote The US State Department Friday reiterated the need for free and fair elections in Ukraine and urged Russia to support such a process.
Promoting free trade promotes security for Canada and U.S., ambassador says. (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The promotion of free trade around the world will help fight terrorism and is in the security interests of the U.S. and Canada, the U.S. ambassador to Canada said Friday.
Michigan to Face Rival Michigan State (AP) AP - Bragging rights are at best the second-most important thing on the line for No. 12 Michigan when it plays rival Michigan State on Saturday.
Annan under fire as UN considers reform New York - The United Nations last week unveiled a wide-ranging blueprint to reform the organisation, but found media attention more focused on calls for UN secretary-general Kofi Annan to resign.
US ; US: 21 Iraqis killed in three attacks US News, A total of 21 Iraqis -- 17 civilians working for coalition forces and four Iraqi security personnel -- were killed Sunday in three separate insurgent attacks, US military officials said.
McDonald's Makes Millionaires The company recently crowned a winner in its Monopoly game, one of its best promotional programs.
Alabama Congressional Candidate Injured (AP) AP - A congressional candidate's antebellum home burned down early Friday, and he broke his knee jumping from the second floor.
Al-Jazeera Airs Video Said to Be of Osama bin Laden Osama bin Laden directly admitted for the first time that he carried out the Sept. 11 attacks and promised to outline "the best way to avoid another Manhattan."
Blog Search Engine Adds MoBlog Search Blog Search Engine Adds MoBlog Search\\Blog Search Engine and IceRocket Search have partnered to bring cell phone pic blogs, or MoBlogs, into the search engine world with a new search feature which produces image results of the latest MoBlogs images available. Blog Search Engine has over 10,000 blogs indexed in ...
Dow Gains; Caution Rules Before Election  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks ended higher on  Friday, helped by gains in energy companies, although investors  showed caution before next week's presidential election.
Economy Grows at 3.7 Percent Annual Rate The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil prices and the Florida hurricanes, the government reported Friday.
Black to leave Hollinger Inc. board, stock soars on privatization &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Conrad Black plans to retire as Hollinger Inc. #39;s chairman and chief executive  quot;within a matter of days, quot; a spokesman for the embattled press baron said in a statement Friday.
SOHU So Hurt by Suspension Talk about bad timing. SOHU #39;s (Nasdaq: SOHU) earnings release yesterday came on the heels of news that the Chinese central bank increased interest rates.
Canadians Buying More Liquor, Especially Foreign-Made Beer Canadians are buying more alcohol, including wine and beer, though less and less of the beer is being sold by domestic producers such as Molson Inc.
ISPs Take Spammers to Court For the second time this year, an alliance of major Internet providers filed a coordinated group of lawsuits aimed at stemming the flood of online junk mail.
Teresa Vanhooser Named Co-Deputy Director of Engineering at NASA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Teresa Vanhooser has been appointed co-deputy director of the Engineering Directorate at NASA #39;s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala.
Approved Stem Cells #39; Potential Questioned All of the human embryonic stem cells available to federally funded scientists under President Bush #39;s three-year-old research policy share a previously unrecognized trait that fosters rejection 
Your Daily Tech News Service... AnandTech have thrown up their Performance Preview for Nvidia #39;s nForce4 SLI MCPs using a pair of GeForce 6800GTs and 6600GTs! Here #39;s a snip.
Federer pulls out of Paris Masters Roger Federer will miss next week #39;s Paris Masters with a torn left thigh, making Andy Roddick the tournament #39;s No. 1-seeded player.
Yankees decline options on Quantrill, Lee The Yankees declined their 2005 option on first baseman Travis Lee on Friday and their 2006 option on reliever Paul Quantrill. Quantrill, who struggled late last season, agreed last December to a \$7 million 
Veteran right-hander might be used in closer role The Chicago Cubs exercised the option of pitcher Ryan Dempster for the 2005 season and could look at the right-hander as a possible closer.
Bin Laden: US security depends on policy Osama bin Laden delivered a new videotaped message in which he told Americans their security does not depend on the president they elect, but on US policy.
US forces gearing up for showdown with up to 5,000 fighters in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; American forces are gearing up for a major operation in the insurgent bastion of Fallujah, where up to 5,000 Islamic militants, Saddam 
Constitution signing a springboard for Prodi #39;s return to Italy The signing of the European Constitution on Friday by the leaders of the 25 EU members will not only crown Romano Prodi #39;s five years as European Commission president but propel him into the political fray in his native Italy.
Gateway Computes Operating Profit Nation's third leading PC maker is turning operations in a positive direction.
ISPs unite, sue spammers Microsoft has joined big Internet service providers, America Online, EarthLink and Yahoo against spamming. The companies announced they are filing three new antispam 
NVIDIA SLI Performance Preview with MSI #39;s nForce4 SLI Motherboard The MSI motherboard we tested is actually the very first working sample of the K8N Neo4 Platinum/SLI; in fact, as of right now there are only 4 working nForce4 SLI samples at MSI in Taiwan, two of which happen to be in my hotel room.
Boston Prepares For Red Sox Parade Boston Police Commissioner Kathleen O #39;Toole said officials chose not to hold a rally for the Red Sox on City Hall Plaza because of fears that it could create a  quot;dangerous situation.
Sask. looks at adopting daylight time as the country falls back this Sunday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - When it comes to political hot potatoes in Saskatchewan, there are few that could burn a government more than daylight time change.
Google Shares Flirt With \$200 Mark Google Inc. shares came within a nickel of reaching \$200 on Thursday before investors buckled to weakness seen throughout the technology sector as trading came to a close.
Consumers Feed Pick-Up in Economic Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumers fed a pick-up in U.S.  economic growth in the third quarter but a sentiment survey for  this month showed oil prices were dampening their spirits,  government and private-sector data showed on Friday.
Van Nistelrooy pleads guilty Ruud van Nistelrooy has apologised to Arsenal #39;s Ashley Cole for his Old Trafford horror tackle on Sunday, after confirming he will not contest a Football Association charge of serious foul play.
Arab Network to Show New Bin Laden Tape Arab television network Al Jazeera reported it would air a video from al Qaida leader Osama bin Laden Friday. The tape will address the American people and discuss the reasons for the 9/11 attacks.
US congratulates new Cambodian king (AFP) AFP - The United States congratulated Cambodia's new king, Norodom Sihamoni, following his coronation but said it was unsure he could restore political stability in the Southeast Asian nation.
Agassi Tames Verdasco as Johansson Quits  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Top seed Andre Agassi marched into  the Stockholm Open semifinals Friday, beating Spanish eighth  seed Fernando Verdasco 7-6, 6-2 in his hardest match of the  tournament.
Update 1: Conrad Black to Step Down As Hollinger CEO Conrad Black, the embattled press baron, said Thursday he would give up his posts as CEO and chairman of Hollinger Inc., a Canadian holding company, to ease his plan to take the company private.
ChevronTexaco Profit Up, Misses Forecasts ChevronTexaco Corp.(CVX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US oil company, rode the wave of record oil prices to post a 62 percent rise in quarterly profit on 
Ontario, feds pledge to kick in \$100M each for Ford \$1B Oakville &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OAKVILLE, Ont. (CP) - Ford Canada #39;s \$1-billion expansion of its plant in Oakville, Ont., was promised \$100 million each from the federal and provincial governments Friday, a deal that the automaker says will save jobs and boost the economy.
AOL #39;s Viral Marketing The Internet is pretty scary these days. I wish I could say that it was always a treat, but more often than not, you encounter plenty of tricks while surfing the Web.
E-Voting to Face Major Test Tuesday Among the security concerns that have been raised is the possibility of someone being able to cast multiple ballots. Other concerns are about a sudden power outage and whether data would be lost in such a scenario.
Man Utd launch investigation Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger welcomed the news that Manchester United had launched an investigation into the tunnel fracas after Monday #39;s bad-tempered contest.
Pacers sign Tinsley to extension INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) - The Indiana Pacers made a commitment to their floor general Friday, signing point guard Jamaal Tinsley to a contract extension.
 #39;Fever Pitch #39; Gets World Series Footage Boston Red Sox #39;s catcher Jason Varitek jumps into the arms of pitcher Keith Foulke after beating the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 to win the World Series Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004, in St.
More than bragging rights at stake for Michigan and Michigan State Bragging rights are at best the second-most important thing on the line for No. 12 Michigan when it plays rival Michigan State on Saturday.
Osama Bin Laden Criticizes President Bush in New Video Al-Qaida terrorist leader Osama bin-Laden has threatened new attacks on the United States in a new videotape aired on al-Jazeera television.
Ailing Arafat Examined in French Hospital Seriously ill and perhaps fighting for his life, Yasser Arafat was rushed Friday to a military hospital near Paris that specializes in blood disorders.
Canada Eyes Internet Pharmacy Sales to US  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada may have to toughen up rules on  Internet pharmacies' sales of medicines to the United States,  Industry Minister David Emerson said on Friday, amid public  concerns of shortages or price spikes despite controls.
Agassi in Semifinals Top-seeded Andre Agassi beat Spain's Fernando Verdasco 7-6 (4), 6-2 Friday to reach the Stockholm Open semifinals for the first time.
Black to Quit Hollinger Inc., Stock Soars  TORONTO (Reuters) - Former press baron Conrad Black will  quit as chairman and chief executive of his Canadian holding  company, Hollinger Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLGc.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLGc.TO&lt;/A&gt;, to facilitate his offer to  take it private.
Oil: Oil rebounds on supply woes, election jitters Oil prices bounced back on Friday, ending this week #39;s 8 per cent slide on renewed winter supply fears and jitters ahead of next week #39;s US presidential election.
The End User: What price cheaper ink? One measure of how much consumer technology you can get for the buck, yen or euro is today #39;s lowly printer. The reproduction capability of basic inkjet models that can be had for well under 200, or even 
Former US figure skating champ arrested on gun charge Former US figure skating champion Christopher Bowman was arrested on charges he pointed a loaded gun at a friend while drunk. Police were called to Bowman #39;s apartment Wednesday night after a woman said he 
Japanese hostage feared killed in Iraq TOKYO: A body resembling a Japanese hostage who was studying English in New Zealand just weeks ago has been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for identification.
Thai PM Says Will Punish  #39;Wrongdoers #39; Over Deaths Bomb blasts rocked southern Thailand on Friday as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra promised to get to the bottom of the deaths of 78 Muslims in military custody and punish any  quot;wrongdoers.
NBA Champ Pistons Eye Another Title Shot (AP) AP - Chauncey Billups couldn't stop a grin from slowly spreading across his face. Could the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons be even better this season? You bet.
New Internet worm spreading quickly: experts (AFP) AFP - A new Internet worm was spreading quickly, threatening to overload computer systems around the world by generating copies by e-mail, security experts said.
Oracle CEO: His Bid to Buy 49ers Spurned (AP) AP - Billionaire software executive Larry Ellison said Friday that he inquired about buying the San Francisco 49ers only to be told by the current owners that the team isn't for sale.
Kerry Pledges to 'Destroy' Bin Laden (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry pledged Friday "to hunt down and destroy" Osama bin Laden as a new videotape of the terrorist leader surfaced four days before the election.
Al Jazeera Airs Videotape Said to Be of Osama bin Laden Osama bin Laden said for the first time that he ordered the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, according to a tape made public today.
Sources: Sony Eyes File-Sharing Venture (AP) AP - Sony BMG Music Entertainment and online peer-to-peer software distributor Grokster are working on a new venture that is expected to offer paid and free song downloads over the Internet, sources say.
NASA Aims for May Space Shuttle Launch (Reuters) Reuters - NASA, recovering from the\four hurricanes that halted work at its Florida spaceport, said\on Friday it has set a launch target in May, 2005, for the\first space shuttle flight since the 2003 Columbia disaster.
First Look: Axim X50v Versus Tungsten T5 Dell and PalmOne roll out their latest pure PDAs, and heap on the extras.
McNair, Brown Questionable Vs. Bengals (AP) AP - Injuries again kept Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair and running back Chris Brown out of practice Friday, casting doubt on their availability Sunday against the Cincinnati Bengals.
GM, Boeing push identity management General Motors plans to install a global identity management system that will provide single-sign-on access to applications for about 500,000 internal and external end users, and Boeing is in the midst of a similar project -- both aimed at cutting IT costs and improving user productivity.
Bocada upgrades backup reporting software for SLAs Bocada Inc. is releasing an upgrade of its backup reporting software tailored to help CIOs and other executives meet business goals and achieve regulatory compliance.
Webmail leaves Windows for open-source platform Webmail.us is announcing improvements to its service next week and will migrate its core e-mail platform from Microsoft Windows to an open-source platform.
Brief: CSC signs \$1B outsourcing deal with Textron Computer Sciences Corp. will provide Textron Inc. with infrastructure and network support services under a 10-year, \$1 billion contract, the companies announced.
Antivirus companies warn of new Bagle variants Antivirus software companies warned of three new versions of the Bagle worm that were spreading through infected e-mail attachments.
Tech standards set tone for on-demand systems IT vendors are championing highly integrated and flexible systems through offerings such as IBM's 'on-demand computing' initiative and HP's 'adaptive enterprise' strategy. But what's really important, users say, is support for open standards.
ISPs file more antispam lawsuits Microsoft, AOL, EarthLink and Yahoo filed three new lawsuits to stop the spread of unsolicited e-mail.
Symantec tries to widen reach beyond security tools Symantec is making a play for a broader market with a new "information integrity" strategy, which users and analysts said meshes with their needs for corporate security. The question is whether the vendor can execute on its wider vision.
Update: California lawmakers rip handling of data theft at university Four California legislators want the the state's Department of Social Services to take more aggressive steps in notifying 1.4 million residents that their personal information may have been stolen by hackers.
Wiki start-up JotSpot draws crowd for product beta Nearly 3,000 companies have signed up for test accounts to try a beta version of its wiki application for Web-based collaboration. 
Decision reserved in case of Alberta woman charged with abducting son to U.S. (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - RED DEER, Alta. (CP) - The fate of an Alberta woman charged with abducting her son and fleeing to the United States hangs on the interpretation of a court order.
Henman Falls to Unseeded Novak in Basel  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - World number four Tim Henman  was knocked out in the quarterfinals of the 989,750-euro Swiss  Indoors tournament Friday, falling 7-6 (7-5), 7-5 to unseeded  Czech Jiri Novak.
Brazil #39;s Globo Media Empire Reaches Deal Brazilian media giant Globo has reached a tentative agreement with creditors on terms of a deal to restructure US\$1.3 billion of debt it racked up during the 1990s.
First Look: Axim X50v Versus Tungsten T5 (PC World) PC World - Dell and PalmOne roll out their latest pure PDAs, and heap on the extras.
AMD #39;s Low-Cost Web Device Targets Developing World Chipmaker AMD has developed a low-cost Web access appliance called the  quot;Personal Information Communicator quot; (PIC) that it plans to sell in developing countries.
Week in review: iPod rocks on With all the splash and glitz of a Hollywood premiere, Apple Computer this week introduced the latest version of its popular iPod music player.
Kabul hunt for seized UN workers By Declan Walsh in Islamabad and Duncan Campbell and Ewen MacAskill inLondon. Oct 30 (Guardian News Service):NATO troops are hunting for three United Nations workers kidnapped in Afghanistan #39;s first Iraqi-style abduction on Thursday.
First Look: Roku's Sleek Audio Streamer SoundBridge M2000 eloquently frees your digital tunes from the PC, but it's pricey.
GDP: Not Great, but Encouragingly Solid The pace of economic growth has been a point of contention throughout the Presidential campaign, and just in time for Election Day, the government #39;s advance report on third-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) arrived on Oct. 29.
Delta Pilots Take Pay Cut as Bankruptcy Looms Description: Delta Airline pilots agree to a 32 percent pay cut to help the airline avoid bankruptcy. Analysts say it #39;s not yet clear whether those cuts will be enough to put Delta back in the black.
Ovitz accused of leaking rumors to press in 1990s The shareholder lawsuit against Disney leadership took a melodramatic turn Thursday as a plaintiffs #39; lawyer accused former president Michael Ovitz of leaking 
Lehman Forks Out \$225 Million to Enron Shareholders Lehman Brothers (LEH:NYSE - news - research) agreed Friday to pay \$225 million to Enron shareholders to settle allegations arising from the company #39;s 2001 insolvency.
28 Identity Theft Suspects Arrested in Transatlantic Sting Law enforcement authorities on both sides of the Atlantic have arrested 28 people on suspicion of operating Web sites that were allegedly designed to steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
Sources: Sony Eyes File-Sharing Venture LOS ANGELES - Sony BMG Music Entertainment and online peer-to-peer software distributor Grokster are working on a new venture that is expected to offer paid and free song downloads over the Internet, sources say.
NASA Aims for May Space Shuttle Launch NASA, recovering from the four hurricanes that halted work at its Florida spaceport, said on Friday it has set a launch target in May, 2005, for the first 
McAfee Profit Growth Offsets AOL Questions Shares of McAfee (MFE:NYSE - news - research) were up sharply Friday on news that the antivirus software maker posted stronger-than-expected third-quarter results and boosted revenue guidance for the fourth quarter.
Monty #39;s hopes of winning are distinctly paella in the sky There has been no shortage of media interest in Colin Montgomerie #39;s new Spanish girlfriend ( quot;Monty Bags Birdie! quot; etc), and the news that she plays off a handicap of 30 has prompted speculation 
Safin upset in St. Petersburg ST. PETERSBURG, Russia (Ticker) - Top seed Marat Safin of Russia met his match Friday in the quarterfinals of the \$1 million St. Petersburg Open.
Pacers extend Tinsley Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - The Indiana Pacers announced Friday that Jamaal Tinsley has signed a contract extension with the team.
How Much Will Moss Play? After playing only two downs last Sunday against Tennessee, Randy Moss will get another opportunity to increase his role against the Giants.
Japanese hostage reported killed in Iraq A JAPANESE hostage abducted in Iraq has been killed, the Kyodo news agency reported last night. A body found near the town of Tikrit was identified as that of Shosei Koda, a 24-year-old 
Ukraines Choice Europe #39;s second-largest country -ill go to the polls in an election that will have a profound influence on European politics for years to come.
Pacers' O'Neal Expected to Go on Injured List (Reuters) Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward\Jermaine O'Neal is expected to be placed on the injured list\prior to the beginning of the regular season as he continues to\suffer from a sore left foot.
This week in iPod news Steve Jobs brings U2 on stage for an iPod photo op, and Wall Street likes what it's hearing.
Google Plans Desktop Search Tool for Apple PCs  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=GOOG.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; plans to  release a version of its desktop search tool for computers  running on the Mac operating system from Apple Computer Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;, Google chief executive Eric Schmidt said on Friday.
Red Sox Give Mueller Another Year The Red Sox exercise their option Friday on third baseman Bill Mueller, a former batting champion who had the season-saving single against the Yankees in the ALCS.
McNair, Brown Questionable Injuries again kept Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair and running back Chris Brown out of practice Friday, casting doubt on their availability Sunday against the Cincinnati Bengals.
Simpler ID management readied by Microsoft DENVER  Microsoft is developing a portal-like interface for its identity management platform that will let users self-manage their identity information and provision network services.
Dell Expands Consumer Services to Spyware, Peripherals A new 24-hour help desk will cover non-Dell or non-PC problems--for a charge.
Spitzer: Marsh may face more than \$500 million penalty NEW YORK New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer says the price for settling state charges of collusion and bid rigging by the nation #39;s largest insurance broker could be  quot;far higher quot; than 500 (m) million dollars.
Dow Up; Bin Laden, Election Cloud Outlook US blue-chip stocks finished higher on Friday, helped by gains in energy companies #39; shares, although investors showed caution before next Tuesday #39;s presidential election.
Ottawa Says Time to Stop Protecting Air Canada The Canadian government, in a radical shift, said on Friday it was time to stop protecting national carrier Air Canada as it mulled whether to lift foreign ownership restrictions on the country #39;s airlines.
Sources: Sony Eyes File-Sharing Venture Sony BMG Music Entertainment and online peer-to-peer software distributor Grokster are working on a new venture that is expected to offer paid and free song downloads over the Internet, sources say.
It #39;s flak jacket time for Microsoft #39;s Linux guy What kind of E-mail is landing in Martin Taylors in-box right about now? Its probably not unlike some of the messages Ive been getting in response to a story I wrote about Steve Ballmers Oct. 27 
Chelsea plea to FA over Mutu Chelsea have asked the Football Association to hold on to Adrian Mutu #39;s registration while the club investigate ways of gaining compensation for sacking the player.
Henman crashes to Novak British world number four Tim Henman was knocked out of the quarter-finals of the Swiss Indoors tournament, falling 7-6 7-5 to unseeded Czech Jiri Novak.
Boston Expects Millions at Red Sox Parade (AP) AP - Because so many members of Red Sox Nation are expected in Boston on Saturday to celebrate the team's World Series triumph, the victory parade won't be making any stops and won't culminate with a staged rally, either.
Despite Google's Glitter, Other Dot-Coms Face Risks (Reuters) Reuters - Internet stocks are\as volatile as ever, with growth-starved investors flocking to\the sector in the hope they've bought shares in the next online\blue chip.
Google Plans Desktop Search Tool for Apple PCs (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc.  plans to\release a version of its desktop search tool for computers\running on the Mac operating system from Apple Computer Inc.\, Google chief executive Eric Schmidt said on Friday.
'Sabado Gigante' Interviews Bush, Kerry (AP) AP - President Bush and his Democratic rival, John Kerry, both gave interviews to the Spanish-language network Univision that will appear on the popular Saturday night variety show "Sabado Gigante."
'Weightless Wonder' Makes Final Flight (AP) AP - The NASA turbojet notoriously known as the "vomit comet" for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday. Few among the two dozen seasoned passengers aboard got sick.
Black quitting posts at Hollinger Inc. TORONTO Press baron Conrad Black says he #39;d give up his posts as head of the Toronto-based Hollinger Incorporated to ease his plan to take the company private.
Lifting of curse creates dilemma for marketers Unbelievable as it may seem, not everyone in New England is thrilled about the Red Sox winning the World Series. Retailers of everything from T-shirts to ice cream and cookies had been making money off the team #39;s championship drought for years.
British soldier killed in redeployment A British soldier was killed and three others injured on Friday as the Black Watch regiment travelled from southern Iraq to its more dangerous new base near Baghdad, a military spokesman confirmed.
Two bombs explode in Thailand injuring 20 : Two bombs exploded Friday near a teashop and wounded 20 people in southern Thailand, police said, asviolence continued unabated in the Muslim-majority region whereresidents are seething over the deaths of 78 men while in 
Bush, Kerry Vow to Destroy Bin Laden After Tape (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and his Democratic\White House rival John Kerry united on Friday in a promise to\hunt down Osama bin Laden after the al Qaeda leader released a\new videotape threatening fresh attacks on the United States.
Brazil's Globo Media Empire Reaches Deal Brazilian media giant Globo has reached a tentative agreement with creditors to restructure \$1.3 billion of debt it racked up during the 1990s.
Abkhazia in Confusion After Court Reversal (AP) AP - The high court in the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia again reversed itself on whether presidential election results were valid, saying Friday an earlier ruling nullifying them should be ignored because court officials made it while being held hostage.
Berlusconi Says Will Sacrifice Buttiglione  ROME (Reuters) - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi,  seeking to defuse an unprecedented crisis in the EU executive,  said Rocco Buttiglione would most likely be replaced as Italy's  candidate for the European Commission.
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Google has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
This week in supercomputers A new list of the top machines is  about to be released and SGI, IBM and others are jostling for bragging rights.
Disney Nominated Ovitz to Board Before Ousting Him Walt Disney Co. #39;s directors nominated Michael Ovitz to serve on its board for another three years at a meeting just weeks before forcing him out of his job as 
Enron jury asks for index to evidence A Houston jury Friday requested an index to dozens of exhibits in the first Enron criminal trial. US District Judge Ewing Werlein asked lawyers to prepare evidence indexes to 
Update 2: Friday #39;s Commodities Roundup Crude-oil futures rose Friday on fears of a possible terrorist attack before Tuesday #39;s US election, but the market #39;s recent downturn may continue next week.
Times drops broadsheet edition The Times has abandoned the broadsheet edition of the newspaper, almost a year to the day since it launched a tabloid version for commuters.
Sony Announces Price On Portable Video Game Machine TOKYO -- Sony Corp. #39;s PlayStation Portable isn #39;t in US stores yet but that #39;s not stopping Sony from putting a price tag on the much anticipated item.
Lexmark loses case on toner Static Control Components scored a big legal win Tuesday after a US appeals court lifted a ban on sales of the Sanford company #39;s rebuilt toner cartridges.
Stubbs the Zombie: Rebel without a Pulse Announced Former Bungie members in Wideload Games announce a new zombie game using the Halo engine. Today Wideload Games, made up of a team consisting of some former Bungie members who worked on Halo, has announced 
Phaneuf wins women #39;s short program Cynthia Phaneuf of Canada won the women #39;s short program at Skate Canada with 57.76 points on Friday. Fumie Suguri of Japan shook off a fall on a triple flip to place second with 53.
Rangers decline 2005 options on Greer, Jordan Greer hasn #39;t played since July 11, 2002, but has collected \$21.8 million for the 2002, 2003 and 2004 seasons. He will receive a \$600,000 buyout from the Rangers, who declined a \$8,066,667 option for 2005.
NBA  #39;04- #39;05: Kobe expected to carry Lakers It #39;s a good thing Kobe Bryant gained weight during the offseason, since it #39;s his job to carry the Los Angeles Lakers. Phil Jackson was told in June he wouldn #39;t return as coach.
Hosted E-Mail Service Leaves Windows for Linux (PC World) PC World - Company outsources e-mail for small to medium businesses.
Putin plan for political overhaul easily passes its first vote MOSCOW Russia #39;s lower house of Parliament took its first step on Friday toward adopting President Vladimir Putin #39;s sweeping overhaul of the country #39;s political system, despite signs of popular dissent, particularly in regions distant from the capital.
No. 9 Utes Face Last-Place Aztecs (AP) AP - All Urban Meyer really wanted to talk about during the week was San Diego State, the next opponent for his ninth-ranked Utah Utes.
Bin Laden Casts Shadow Over Stock Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A video appearance by al Qaeda leader  Osama bin Laden, in which he said the United States may face  renewed attacks, cast a shadow over the outlook for the U.S.  stock market, analysts said on Friday.
Byrd Ties Sluman for Chrysler Lead  PALM HARBOR, Florida (Reuters) - Jonathan Byrd shot his  second successive five-under-par 66 on Friday and joined Jeff  Sluman on top of the leader board after two rounds at the  Chrysler Championship.
White House says bin Laden tape authentic (AFP) AFP - The White House said that US intelligence agencies believe a newly broadcast videotaped threat by Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was authentic and recorded recently.
Fiji UN-Iraq security force to head out next month (AFP) AFP - A 163-strong Fiji military unit will fly out to Iraq on November 7 to provide security for United Nations personnel, a Fiji Military Force statement said.
Edwards Casts Early Vote in North Carolina (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic vice presidential\candidate John Edwards interrupted a final state-hopping\campaign blitz on Friday to cast his ballot in his home state\of North Carolina, which Democrats acknowledge the\Kerry-Edwards ticket has slim chance of carrying.
This week in Dell news A trip by CNET News.com editors and reporters to Dell's headquarters in Texas yields a bonanza of information about the PC maker's plans and operations.
Sun to launch next version of Solaris on Nov. 15 SAN FRANCISCO - Sun Microsystems Inc. will formally launch the next major release of its flagship Solaris operating system at a press event Nov. 15 at the Tech Museum of Innovation in San Jose, California, company officials confirmed Friday. The launch will be part of Sun's quarterly Network Computing product announcement, which is expected to include new product offerings from a variety of Sun's product groups.
Deutsche rides Germany #39;s tepid recovery FRANKFURT Deutsche Bank said Friday that third quarter net income rose a better-than-expected 18 percent from a year earlier, to 680 million, helped by the sale of property in New York that was damaged by the Sept.
Stocks: US GPD leaves investors lukewarm NEW YORK A lackluster report on US gross domestic product sent stocks lower Friday as Wall Street worried that a lack of jobs and high energy prices were holding back economic growth.
Clear Channel posts drop in profit, but tops forecasts The owner of several Denver-area radio stations, and other properties in 63 countries worldwide, says third-quarter earnings dropped 59 percent from last year -- but still beat analysts #39; expectations.
Vizquel, Wickman File for Free Agency (AP) AP - Indians shortstop Omar Vizquel and closer Bob Wickman filed for free agency on Friday after the team declined to pick up  #36;5 million options on the two veterans earlier this month.
UK Agency Report Greenlights Linux A day after Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer sent out a missive pushing Redmond #39;s message that  quot;free software isn #39;t free, quot; the UK #39;s Office of Government Commerce (OGC) said open source software is a viable desktop alternative for most government users.
Sun Micro, the Phantom Gamer The co-creator of Microsoft #39;s Xbox is ramping up to launch a new online subscription gaming platform with the help of Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart), the companies said.
Chelsea lay down the law on drugs as Mutu is shown door CHELSEA enforced a zero tolerance policy against drugs yesterday when they dismissed Adrian Mutu, the Romania striker, for gross misconduct after his positive test for cocaine.
Byrd ties Sluman for Chrysler lead Jonathan Byrd shot his second successive five-under-par 66 on Friday and joined Jeff Sluman on top of the leader board after two rounds at the Chrysler Championship.
 #39;97 Triple Crown contender will be stud overseas MIDWAY, Ky. -- Silver Charm, who barely missed winning the Triple Crown in 1997, was sold to the Japan Racing Association and will stand at stud in that country next year.
India #39;s home rule broken at last to give Australia grand slam THE moment that all Australian cricket fans had been anticipating for 35 years came at 4.20pm local time. It had been delayed by a frustrating last-wicket stand of 52 in seven overs, but when Zaheer Khan swung 
US mum on Arafats return MANCHESTER: The White House on Friday declined to say whether Israel should guarantee that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can return to the Palestinian territories after receiving medical treatment in Paris.
Oklahoma Black Leaders Upset Over Candidate Remark (Reuters) Reuters - A Republican Senate\candidate from Oklahoma who has run into trouble over verbal\gaffes was drawing fire again on Friday for saying black men\have a "genetic predisposition" for a lower life expectancy\than whites.
Caught in a regulatory cross fire Here's a bit of advice for those of you planning IT budgets. For the next five to 10 years, set aside 10 percent to comply with new government regulations, both from the United States and from other governments in your major markets.
Voting along party lines Election time is an apt occasion for reflecting on what politicians refer to as your core values, and I hope to make that phrase meaningful for perhaps the first time. Four years turns out to be a pretty good cycle for such examinations, even beyond the political realm.
When good vendors go bad The most pervasive problem in running IT is not a specific technology issue at all. Its dealing with bad vendors. Even if you have been able to reduce your IT operation down to a pure open source environment on the software side, hardware still must be purchased through commercial channels. In the post-boom IT age, the power has supposedly shifted from vendor to buyer, but IT managers continue to be manipulated by vendors who dont always act in the customers best interest. To keep vendors in line, IT managers need to stay on the ball  and punish bad behavior when it occurs by finding new suppliers.
US stocks: Dow gains, but caution rules before US election US blue-chip stocks ended higher on Friday, helped by gains in energy companies, although investors showed caution before next week #39;s presidential election.
Competition Bureau and Air Canada end dispute over predatory &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - The Competition Bureau and Air Canada have ended their litigation over allegations that the airline engaged in anti-competitive practices against low-cost carriers WestJet and CanJet.
Midgley out of position but not out of touch for Bears The switch to point guard has had a rather strange effect on Cal junior Richard Midgley. Typically, a move from shooting guard to the point results in fewer points, more assists, and, if things are going smoothly, fewer turnovers.
Island of the Little People The impact on physical anthropology of the diminutive hominid Homo floresiensis cannot be understated. The discovery in a rock shelter on the Indonesian island of Flores , announced in the 
Sources: Sony Eyes File-Sharing Venture LOS ANGELES Oct 29, 2004 - Sony BMG Music Entertainment and online peer-to-peer software distributor Grokster are working on a new venture that is expected to offer paid and free song downloads over the Internet, sources say.
Aspyr, Wideload offer Rebel Without a Pulse details In late August Aspyr Media Inc. and Wideload Games first announced plans to collaborate on a new game release. On Thursday Aspyr and Wideload Games offered the first details about the game, including platform information and a release schedule.
Internet Turns 35 Today shadowspar writes  quot;The CBC is reporting that the Internet turned 35 today. The story talks about the less-than-prophetic beginnings of the net:  #39;In order to log in to the two-computer network, which was then 
Top 10 are taking shape It was after her heroics in Athens that I posed the question  quot;Is Kelly Holmes this nation #39;s greatest female athlete? quot; Did her middle-distance Olympic double nudge her ahead of Mary Rand (ne 
Disqualification scare for Garcia Hard to tell whether the happenings of the European Tour are stranger on the course or off it. There has been Seve Ballesteros getting into mischief with a tour official at a 
Sluman slides to a 70, tied for Chrysler lead After a course record on Thursday, the six-time tour winner manages just two birdies. Jonathan Byrd #39;s second-straight round of 66 is good for a share of the lead.
Nuggets Pick Up Nene #39;s Option Denver Nuggets #39; Nene Hilario, right, of Brazil, and Houston Rockets #39; Juwan Howard (5) chase a lose ball during the third quarter of their preseason game Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004, in Houston.
Jahnke takes a medal to Skate Canada Less than a week after winning his first international figure skating medal, Ryan Jahnke of Grosse Pointe Farms will compete at Skate Canada beginning tonight in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Jackson in book: Kobe never wanted to be a sidekick In the prologue to his just published book, The Last Season, A Team in Search of Its Soul, former Los Angles Lakers coach Phil Jackson tells, very succinctly, why he wrote the tell-all diary of last season #39;s Lakers demise.
Tigers sign LHP Walker DETROIT (Ticker) - The Detroit Tigers on Friday agreed to terms on a one-year contract with lefthander Jamie Walker. Financial terms of the deal, which also includes a club option for 2006, were not disclosed.
Arafat undergoes tests for leukaemia after flight to military &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Yasser Arafat was undergoing tests for possible leukaemia at a military hospital outside Paris last night after being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters to an anxious farewell from Palestinian well-wishers.
VIEW: Muslims, America and Israel Syed Mansoor Hussain It is extremely important for Muslims, not only those in the US but also elsewhere, to decide whether they are against Israel because it is an oppressive occupying power that is denying Palestinians their genuine rights, or because it is a Jewish state.
Bin Laden Videotape Fires Up Bush, Kerry (AP) AP - John Kerry criticized President Bush on Friday for failing to capture Osama bin Laden as a new videotape of the terrorist leader surfaced just before the election. Bush accused the Democrat of "shameful" second-guessing in the face of threats by America's deadly foe.
Soccer, Dec 5 Premier League: Arsenal 3 Birmingham City 0, Aston Villa 1 Liverpool 1, Blackburn Rovers 0 Tottenham Hot spur 1, Chelsea 4 Newcastle United 0, Everton 3 Bolton Wanderers 2, Manchester United 3 Southampton 0, Nor wich City 0 Fulham 1, Portsmouth 3 West 
Worst-jobs list makes kissing up to the boss sound fun If you #39;re sick of smooching the boss #39;s derriere, start puckering and consider yourself lucky. At least you #39;re not forced to get up close and personal with the infested hind ends of people you don #39;t know.
Agassi reaches Stockholm semis Andre Agassi won his quarterfinal match at the Stockholm Open Friday, but US Open semifinalist Joachim Johansson was forced to retire.
Blazers #39; Woods in trouble again The NBA on Friday suspended the Portland Trail Blazers #39; forward for five games for violating the league #39;s drug program. Woods will serve the penalty beginning with the first game he is eligible for in the regular season.
Tigers re-sign lefty Walker The Tigers just took several steps toward their anticipated bullpen makeover. How far it goes will be determined in the coming days.
Ailing Arafat Faces Days of Medical Tests (Reuters) Reuters - Yasser Arafat will undergo a\battery of medical tests on Saturday as French doctors try to\discover whether the ailing Palestinian leader is suffering\from leukemia or some other blood disorder.
Ailing Arafat Faces Days of Medical Tests  CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat will undergo a  battery of medical tests on Saturday as French doctors try to  discover whether the ailing Palestinian leader is suffering  from leukemia or some other blood disorder.
Talks amid food fight NATIONAL Foods, which is fighting off a \$1.6 billion takeover bid by New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra, said yesterday it had been in talks with food ingredients group Burns, Philp and Co during the past six months.
DreamWorks Draws a Crowd Slaying dragons and sharks has been kid #39;s play for the company behind the popular Shrek and Shark Tale movies. Now DreamWorks Animation (NYSE: DWA) is slaying the market as well.
 #39;Weightless Wonder #39; Makes Final Flight The NASA (news - web sites) turbojet notoriously known as the  quot;vomit comet quot; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday.
Sources: Sony BMG, Grokster in talks on new file-sharing venture LOS ANGELES - Sony BMG Music Entertainment and online peer-to-peer software distributor Grokster are working on a new venture that is expected to offer paid and free song downloads over the Internet, sources say.
Proxima Technology Teams with Sun Microsystems on N1 Grid DENVER - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ct. 27, 2004  -xima Technology today announced Centauri Business Service Manager(TM) software as an integral element of Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) much-heralded 
Variant of Bagle Worm Spreading Over Internet IT security experts have warned today that a newly intercepted variant of the infamous mass-mailing Bagle worm, dubbed Bagle.bb, has begun to spread quickly across the Internet.
Man U seek justice Manchester United have expressed their disappointment at Arsene Wenger #39;s denials of the post-match tunnel fracas involving his players, and are launching an investigation.
Nuggets hang on to Nene DENVER The Denver Nuggets have picked up their three million dollar option for next NBA season for forward Nene (nuh-NAY #39;) but not for Nikoloz Tskitishvili (NIH-koh-lohs skee-tish-VEE #39;-lee).
Capello fearful of player burnout ROME: Juventus may be sitting comfortably on a five-point cushion at the top of Serie A, but coach Fabio Capello is concerned his teams hectic fixture list could eventually unseat them.
Bin Laden: U.S. Can Avoid Another Attack (AP) AP - Osama bin Laden, publicly injecting himself into the campaign four days ahead of presidential elections, said in a videotape aired Friday that the United States can avoid another Sept. 11 attack if it stops threatening the security of Muslims.
US warns rebels to curb attacks in Darfur The United States is increasingly worried about attacks by rebel groups in Darfur even as Sudan seems to be reining in militias on the other side of the conflict, a senior US official said on Friday.
Second Merck drug faces inquiry WALL STREET analysts last night said a second experimental pain killer under development by Merck, the American drugs maker, could be delayed until 2007, after regulators asked for more information on the medicines safety.
Boston Expects Millions at Red Sox Parade (AP) AP - Because so many members of Red Sox Nation are expected in Boston to celebrate the team's World Series triumph, the victory parade Saturday won't be making any stops and won't culminate with a staged rally, either.
 #39;Weightless Wonder #39; Makes Final Flight HOUSTON Oct 29, 2004 - The NASA turbojet notoriously known as the  quot;vomit comet quot; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday.
Jazz Sign Kirilenko to Contract Extension (AP) AP - Andrei Kirilenko signed a 6-year,  #36;86 million contract extension with the Utah Jazz, a deal that took three months of negotiations.
Garciaparra Files for Free Agency (AP) AP - Nomar Garciaparra filed for free agency Friday, starting the bidding process for the All-Star shortstop.
Knee injury keeps Knicks #39; Houston out New York Knicks guard Allan Houston is unlikely to start the team #39;s season opener because of a nagging knee injury. Knicks coach Lenny Wilkens told the New York Post on Sunday he was doubtful Houston would 
Bush Rejects Bin Laden Tape, Hits Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush vowed on Friday\the United States will not be intimidated by a pre-election\warning from Osama Bin Laden and called Democrat John Kerry\"shameful" for accusing him of bungling the search for the al\Qaeda leader.
Daschle in Tough, Costly Election Fight (AP) AP - In the nation's most dramatic  #151; and most expensive  #151; Senate race, Minority Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota is scrambling to maintain his political life as Republicans argue the Democrat is out of touch with people in a state that solidly supports President Bush.
Keeping a close eye on the election The coming presidential election is sure to be about as close as they come, and technology is at the heart of much of the surrounding discussion.
Sun submits mystery license to open source group A Sun Microsystems engineer chartered with directing the engineering effort to open source Solaris has published a new software licence that could be used for the open source release of Sun #39;s Unix operating system.
Google plugs hole exposing Gmail mail-boxes SAN FRANCISCO - Google Inc. has fixed a security flaw in its Gmail Web-based e-mail service that allowed attackers to hijack users' e-mail accounts.
Thai PM Explains Detainees' Deaths on TV (AP) AP - Facing new violence and harsh criticism, the prime minister said Friday he would set up an independent commission to investigate the deaths of 85 Muslim youths in southern Thailand, including 78 who suffocated or were crushed to death in military custody.
Kerry: Americans' Safety at Stake in Election (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry said on\Friday the safety of Americans was at stake in next week's\election and refused to let a new Osama bin Laden videotape\overshadow his race with President Bush.
Update 1: Summary: Wall Street #39;s Major Indexes Stocks were mixed Friday as the government #39;s gross domestic product report renewed concerns that high energy prices and a lack of jobs might hold back economic growth, and investors showed reluctance to make big commitments ahead of next week #39;s 
Tomlinson Expects to Start Against Raiders (AP) AP - Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson practiced Friday and is expected to start against the Oakland Raiders on Sunday.
Report: University can #39;t financially sustain IA status MOSCOW, Idaho -- Former University of Idaho athletic director Bill Belknap fears a divide is being creating over athletics at the state #39;s land grant college.
Tragedy still fresh, Gordon faces tough situation in Atlanta In one sense, it would not be unprecedented for Gordon and the No. 24 team to rebound from the aftermath of Sunday #39;s Hendrick Motorsports plane crash to finish well at Atlanta; Kevin Harvick won there in 2001 
Bin Laden Casts Shadow Over Stock Market (Reuters) Reuters - A video appearance by al Qaeda leader\Osama bin Laden, in which he said the United States may face\renewed attacks, cast a shadow over the outlook for the U.S.\stock market, analysts said on Friday.
Body Resembling Japanese Hostage Found in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - A body resembling a Japanese hostage has\been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for\identification, Japanese officials said on Saturday, after\Tokyo refused a demand by his captors to pull out its troops.
PlayStation 3 chip goes easy on developers SAN FRANCISCO--The  quot;Cell quot; processor that will power the next version of the PlayStation game console will also be adaptable for advanced scientific research, but you won #39;t have to be a rocket scientist to program it.
Body Resembling Japanese Hostage Found in Iraq  TOKYO (Reuters) - A body resembling a Japanese hostage has  been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for  identification, Japanese officials said on Saturday, after  Tokyo refused a demand by his captors to pull out its troops.
Move to Stop Voyeurs Mis-Using Camera Phones Mobile phone makers need to protect people from peeping toms and blackmailers who use built-in cameras to take secret pictures, campaigners said today.
VMware aims for four-processor abilities Software that lets computers split into virtual machines will create more powerful subdivisions.
Yankees Seek to Keep Pitcher Jon Lieber (AP) AP - After watching their starting pitchers struggle for much of the season, the New York Yankees would like to bring Jon Lieber back for 2005.
Sacking Mutu was right insists Chelsea boss Mourinho Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has launched a strong defence of the sacking of Romanian striker Adrian Muti for testing positive for cocaine.
Kirilenko Signs Six-Year Extension with Jazz  SALT LAKE CITY (Sports Network) - Utah Jazz forward Andrei  Kirilenko signed a six-year, \$86 million contract extension  with the team Friday. The deal, which culminated three months  of negotiations, will kick in next season.
Cassini Evidence Shows Saturn Moon Alive (AP) AP - The Cassini spacecraft is sending back evidence that Saturn's planet-size moon Titan is geologically alive, possibly with liquids moving on its surface, scientists said Thursday.
ATA Bankruptcy October 29, 2004 -Des Moines - Their planes may be small, but ATA Connection plays a vital role in keeping air fares low for flights to Chicago and the East Coast.
China seeks to soothe markets on rate rise BEIJING: China sought yesterday to soothe concerns over a surprise interest rate rise, its first in nearly a decade and one which is expected to start a series of increases to cool growth in the world #39;s seventh-biggest economy.
Eurotunnel to cut workforce LONDON: Subsea rail operator Eurotunnel unveiled yesterday a  quot;Project Dare quot; plan to cut jobs and services as it tries to dig its way out of a mountain of debt in the face of falling revenues and market share.
Apple Unveils New Crop of iPods Apple Computer has unveiled two new versions of its hugely successful iPod: the iPod Photo and the U2 iPod. Apple also has expanded 
Renteria files for free agency Cardinals shortstop Edgar Renteria filed for free agency Friday along with catcher Mike Matheny and outfielder Ray Lankford, two days after the Boston Red Sox swept St.
New Cambodia king is crowned PHNOM PENH: In a ceremony full of pageantry and hope, KING NORODOM SIHAMONI ascended the Cambodian throne yesterday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying to draw a line under its bloody, genocidal past.
Mystery over hostage #39;s fate BAGHDAD: A body found in Iraq cannot be confirmed as that of a young Japanese man taken hostage and the corpse has been sent to Qatar for identification, Japan #39;s Senior Vice Foreign Minister Shuzen Tanigawa said yesterday.
Times newspaper to go tabloid The Times is to scrap its broadsheet edition after more than 200 years of publication and go tabloid from Monday.
Marsh CEO sees Spitzer settlement The new boss of scandal-hit US insurance broker Marsh   McLennan says he expects to settle charges brought by New York's attorney-general.
Larkin, Vizquel and Garciaparra File for Free Agency  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Two of the greatest shortstops  ever, Barry Larkin and Omar Vizquel, were among the 58 players  to file for free agency on Friday.
Arafat in French Hospital, Facing a Round of Tests Yasir Arafat arrived in France as the guest of the French government and was taken to a military hospital for treatment of a mysterious ailment.
Sudanese Government, Rebels Fail to Agree on Security  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudanese government delegates and Darfur  rebels failed to reach agreement early on Saturday on a draft  security protocol aimed at breaking a deadlock at peace  negotiations in Nigeria.
Garciaparra Among New-Minted Free Agents (AP) AP - Nomar Garciaparra filed for free agency Friday, two days after the All-Star shortstop's former team, the Boston Red Sox, won the World Series.
Bristol-Myers Profit Lower, So Are Shares (Reuters) Reuters - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.  on\Friday said quarterly profit fell 16 percent on special charges\and lower U.S. sales amid competition from rival brands and\cheaper generics.
Larkin, Vizquel and Garciaparra File for Free Agency (Reuters) Reuters - Two of the greatest shortstops\ever, Barry Larkin and Omar Vizquel, were among the 58 players\to file for free agency on Friday.
Marsh CEO sees Spitzer settlement The new boss of US insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan said he is confident of settling the charges brought by New York Attorney-General Eliot Spitzer.
New Worm Variant Spreads, Clogging E-Mail (AP) AP - At least one new variant of a worm spread rapidly from Asia and Europe to U.S. computers Friday morning, filling up people's e-mail accounts, but otherwise causing little apparent damage.
Yankees decline options on Quantrill, Lee By RONALD BLUM AP Sports Writer. either pick up his option or not, it #39;s up to them. Jon wants to remain a. on first baseman Travis Lee and their 2006 option on reliever Paul Quantrill.
Hendrick Team Knows It #39;s More Than Just a Race The sky was appropriately gloomy here this morning as Nascar race teams came together for the first time since the crash of the Hendrick Motorsports plane that killed 10 people last Sunday.
Botswana gears up for the polls Supporters cheer Botswana's President Festus Mogae in the last day of campaigning before Saturday's parliamentary polls.
Survival of Fittest and Leanest Becomes Strategy for the Airlines After half a decade of turmoil, a picture of air travel in the U.S. is starting to emerge, and it is far different from the caring image the airlines like to present.
Growth Rate of Economy Edged Higher Over Summer The economy picked up a little more speed during the summer quarter, but some analysts and executives expressed worries over the economy's vulnerabilities.
Wenger welcomes United probe on Old Trafford food fight Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger welcomed the news that Manchester United had launched an investigation into the tunnel fracas after Sunday #39;s bad-tempered contest.
Ex-OAS Chief Ordered Held in Costa Rica (AP) AP - A Costa Rican appeals court judge ordered the former head of the Organization of American States jailed Friday while prosecutors prepare corruption charges against him for allegedly accepting kickbacks when he was the nation's president.
Growth Rate of Economy Edged Higher Over Summer The economy picked up a little more speed during the summer quarter from July through September, expanding at a 3.7 percent annual rate, the government reported yesterday.
In Atlanta, Relief That the Hometown Airline Remains Aloft Nita Bertsche, who lives a few miles north of Atlanta and has been flying on Delta Air Lines for 20 years, was relieved this week to hear that the airline had, for now at least, managed to avoid bankruptcy.
Cingular Acquires AT amp;T Wireless, the Real Work Begins Now On 26 October 2004, Cingular Wireless acquired AT amp;T Wireless services after receiving final clearance from the US Federal Communications Commission.
Caution! New worm on the prowl NEW YORK: At least one new variant of a worm spread rapidly from Asia and Europe to US computers on Friday morning, filling up people #39;s e-mail accounts, but otherwise causing little apparent damage.
E-Vote Vendors Hand Over Software In an effort to increase the integrity of next week #39;s presidential election, five voting machine makers agreed for the first time to submit their software programs to the National Software Reference Library for safekeeping, federal officials said on 
Pacers #39; O #39;Neal might head to injured list The Indianapolis Star reported Friday that All-Star forward Jermaine O #39;Neal likely will be placed on the injured list due to a strained ligament in his left foot.
Arafat arrives in Paris for medical treatment Arafat bid farewell to his people in Palestine. 75-year-old Palestinian leader Arafat left Amman #39;s military airport aboard a French plane at around 8:00 am (0600 GMT) Friday on his way to Paris for medical treatment.
Golf: Garcia storms into lead Spain's Sergio Garcia comes home in 31 to take a one-shot lead at the Volvo Masters.
Tricks Fool Caller ID It wasn't long after caller ID became popular that some people signed up for telephone services to block their number from being displayed. Now comes another trick: Companies are marketing systems to help callers fool telephone identification services into thinking they are someone else entirely. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Southwest plans Chicago expansion Southwest Airlines plans to step up operations at Chicago Midway Airport due to the bankruptcy of low-cost rival ATA Airlines and may also bid on some of the troubled carrier #39;s assets, said the Southwest Chief Executive Gary 
Small Gains, Led by Energy Shares, Ahead of the Election Blue-chip stocks ended higher yesterday, helped by gains in energy companies, although investors showed caution before next week #39;s presidential election.
Email worm clogs accounts AP - At least one new variant of a worm spread rapidly from Asia and Europe to US computers, filling up people #39;s email accounts, but otherwise causing little apparent damage.
NASA #39;s  #39;Weightless Wonder #39; makes final flight HOUSTON The NASA four-engine turbojet notoriously known as the  quot;vomit comet quot; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight today.
NASA will attempt to launch a shuttle in mid-May KENNEDY SPACE CENTER Still plagued by problems after the Columbia shuttle disaster, NASA has announced a new target date for getting its spacecraft off the ground.
Sony-BMG, Grokster deal p2pnet.net News:- News of Mashboxx, a major deal involving Grokster, former Grokster and Blubster ceo Wayne Rosso, Sony-BMG and Shawn Fanning #39;s Snocap, is now doing the rounds.
Vince returns to SC court Monday Carter scored 20 points to lead six players in double figures as the Toronto Raptors posted a 100-92 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers in the preseason finale for both teams.
Australia close India file at last Steve Waugh described India as the final frontier and it was crossed yesterday by a locum captain and an ageing team as Australia won a series here for the first time in 35 years.
What a difference a day makes: Chargers game televised locally Fans of the Chargers and Raiders can relax: Sunday #39;s game between the two teams at Qualcomm Stadium will be televised locally.
Indonesian Court Opens Bashirs Trial JAKARTA, 29 October 2004 - Indonesian Islamic cleric Abu Bakar Bashir went on trial yesterday accused of leading an Al-Qaeda-linked network and of planning or inciting others to carry out attacks in the worlds most populous Muslim nation.
This Kansan Made Good, Maybe Too Good, Some Say Federal prosecutors are seeking to seize the assets of David Wittig, former chief executive of Kansas' largest electric utility, Westar Energy.
Prospects Brighten for Maker of Nasal Flu Vaccine Although government officials asked MedImmune to help with the flu vaccine shortage, the maker of a nasal anti-flu spray will lose money on every dose it sells.
In Video Message, Bin Laden Issues Warning to U.S. Osama bin Laden said that the best way for the U.S. to avoid a repeat of 9/11 was to stop threatening Muslims' security.
Taylor Sent Home Joe Gibbs told Sean Taylor to take the weekend off and report back on Monday following Taylor's drunken-driving arrest Thursday.
Just Another Game Coach Peter Nowak said the team is approaching their match against the New York/New Jersey MetroStars like any other game.
Taylor to Be Tested Ravens running back Chester Taylor, filling in for Jamal Lewis, will face a stern test in the undefeated Philadelphia defense.
Sorry Homecomings Navy has lost its last five homecoming games, including a 21-17 loss to Division I-AA Delaware last season.
Bison Changing QBs After Marcos Moreno threw four more interceptions in last week's 14-13 overtime loss at N.C. A T, Bison Coach Ray Petty will start Antoine Hartfield against Norfolk State on Saturday.
A Change of Course The first thing veteran Marine Corps Marathon runners will notice about this year's course is an about-face.
Aiming High Terry Shea, Carl Rundell, and Bob Busquaert have  joined the Hansons-Brooks Distance Project with hopes it will help them finish the Marine Corps Marathon with times at or below 2 hours 20 minutes.
Bush is Weak, Inept, and Unfit to Lead \\Of course Russell  is correct...\\"Personally, when I saw this video I was completely amazed. Osama is still\around? It's hard to believe, but not only is he alive and well, but still\threatening the U.S. Incredible! Regardless of my political feelings, I had\the sense that Osama was in some cave somewhere barely alive, or permanently\crippled or something. He seemed fine to me on television."\\"So here's the October surprise which will be spun incredibly by both\parties. But honestly, this is incontestable proof that George Bush is a\shamefully inept leader and a person who cannot protect America. Bin Laden\should not be on TV threatening us, he should be dead. The reason he's not?\Because  ...\\
More Voter Supression Rules \\I love these NeoCon vote supression rules.  They're *sooooo* cute!\\I have some more:\\ - If you've ever traveled outside of the US you can't vote.\\ - If you have a graduate degree you can't vote.\\ - If you make less than 6 figures you can't vote\\ - If you can spell Nuclear and pronounce it correctly then you can't vote.\\ - If you haven't accept Jesus as savior then you can't vote.\\ - If you've never ordered anything from Bass Pro Shops then you can't vote.\\This is fun... if you can think of anymore please add a comment!\\
Baseball Expected to Query Franco on Crime Figures Major League Baseball is expected to interview Mets pitcher John Franco in light of news reports that Franco had given crime family members tickets to a Mets game.
Economic Growth Chugs On The economy grew at a solid annual rate of 3.7 percent in July, August and September, driven by swelling demand for automobiles and other big-ticket items 
WR Grace Targeted in Mining Probe WR Grace  amp; Co. said yesterday that the company and several current and former senior-level employees are targets of a federal grand jury investigation in Montana stemming from its past mining activities there.
Eurotunnel to cut services Eurotunnel is to cut the regularity of its shuttle services through the Channel tunnel, in a move which could involve mothballing several of its unique trains, as it struggles to compete with cut-price ferry operators.
New Human Species Discovered Description: Researchers report this week that they have found the remains of a group of small hominids that may be a new species of human -- one that may have existed on an island near Indonesia as late as 14,000 years ago.
Saturn #39;s Moon Titan May Hold Methane Lake Cassini has photographed icy volcanic flows and a large lake of what could be methane on Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan. The observations suggest Titan is geologically active and, and its environment 
UN forces patrol Monrovia, Liberia UN forces have been deployed to restore calm in Liberia #39;s capital of Monrovia where sectarian violence sparked widespread looting and destruction.
Telstra to stay in Aussie hands TELSTRA will remain firmly in Australian hands even after the Government sells its shares in the company, Treasurer Mr Peter Costello said yesterday.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Red Sox Decide Dropping Mueller Is Not an Option By The Associated Press. Two days after winning the World Series and a day before a parade in Boston to toast the achievement, the Boston Red Sox exercised their option yesterday on 
O #39;Neal The Indianapolis Star reported Friday that the Pacers likely will place All-Star forward Jermaine O #39;Neal on the injured list due to a strained ligament in his left foot.
* Prospects of tighter monetary policy played down Japan #39;s central bank yesterday predicted the economy would shift into inflation for the first time since 1997 during the next fiscal year, though it strongly signalled that this would not trigger a tightening of monetary policy.
Bush Agrees to Consider Textile Limits On Friday, just days before the presidential election, the Bush administration agreed to consider a petition from a coalition of embattled textile manufacturers that would limit some imports from China.
Lehman Settles Suit Over Enron Lehman Brothers has agreed to pay \$222.5 million to settle a class-action lawsuit contending that it and other brokerage firms and banks helped Enron mislead investors.
More Krazy Kutaragi October 29, 2004 - You know you #39;re powerful when you get three articles devoted to you on IGN in one day! Ken Kutaragi, head of Sony Computer Entertainment, you #39;re all right!
Ghostzapper Has Speed to Burn The most brilliant American racehorse in years has labored in relative obscurity until now. But when he runs Saturday in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic at Lone Star Park, Ghostzapper can demonstrate 
Giants Look to Repeat Success Against Vikings At the time, seven games into the 2003 season, a victory over previously undefeated Minnesota seemed momentous, as if the Giants #39; seesaw season had finally lurched in the right direction.
The Man With The Golden Arm How is it possible that Brett Favre has never played in Washington, not at RFK, not at FedEx Field, not in the preseason, not the regular season, not the playoffs?
Whipper can crack it in Mile There is a sense in which 99 of the runners at the Breeders #39; Cup tonight are visitors. The course has never staged this meeting before - in fact, it is less than a decade since they dug Lone Star Park #39;s foundations 
Intense Campaign Down To the Wire in Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko, the leading opposition candidate for the presidency of Ukraine, planned to hold a rally on Tuesday in a central square in this small city.
Colombian church, congress support humanitarian exchange with FARC The Catholic Church and the Colombian Congress termed as positive the proposal of President Alvaro Uribe to negotiate the liberation of individuals kept as hostages by the FARC 
Drug-dispensing Contact Lens Developed Drug-loaded contact lenses have been developed that could treat eye conditions such as glaucoma far more effectively than drops. Usually sufferers of glaucoma and many other eye conditions are prescribed eye drops.
DUI Case Leaves Hole in Redskins #39; Secondary A day after skipping practice following his arrest on a drunken-driving charge, the Washington Redskins #39; rookie safety Sean Taylor was granted an excused absence yesterday, and the team told him to stay away until Monday.
Ex-dancer crowned new Cambodia king Norodom Sihamoni was crowned yesterday as Cambodia #39;s first new king in 50 years, in ornate ceremonies that formally ended the reign of one of Asia #39;s longest-serving and best-known rulers.
More powers for Russia #39;s President Russia #39;s Parliament has overwhelmingly approved President Vladimir Putin #39;s plan to reinforce control over Russia by replacing popular elections of regional leaders with a central selection process.
Test Flights for Shuttle Could Begin Next Spring NASA officials said on Friday that the space shuttle Discovery could take off for the International Space Station in May or June in the first of two test flights aimed at resuming normal shuttle operations.
Democratic faithful see omens pointing to Kerry win A lunar eclipse. A World Series victory after 86 years for the Boston Red Sox. For the Democratic faithful, it was an unmistakable omen: Senator John Kerry, locked for weeks in a dead heat with US President George W. Bush, now had the stars on his side.
Longtime St. Peter #39;s basketball coach Kennedy dies at 97 Don Kennedy, who led St. Peter #39;s basketball team from a small-time program to major college status during his 22 years as head coach, has died.
Carter leads Raptors past Cavaliers CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vince Carter scored 20 points as the Toronto Raptors completed their NBA pre-season with a 100-92 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers at Air Canada Centre on Friday.
Arafat in French hospital Palestinian President Yasser Arafat was admitted yesterday to a French military hospital near Paris for urgent treatment for what is said to be a potentially fatal blood disorder.
New study puts civilian deaths in Iraq at 100,000 An estimated 100,000 civilians have died in Iraq as a direct or indirect consequence of last year #39;s US-led invasion, according to a new study by a research team at the Bloom-berg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.
Novak topples Henman to advance to semi-finals Jiri Novak made Tim Henman #39;s life as miserable yesterday as he did at this summer #39;s Olympics, toppling the second-seeded Briton 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the quarterfinals of the euro989,750 (US\$1.
Thousands flock for glimpse of new Cambodian king as coronation &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHNOM PENH : Thousands of Cambodians flocked to the royal palace to catch a glimpse of new King Norodom Sihamoni as his formal coronation period ended with the extinguishing of a candle.
Annan asks traditional leaders to UN efforts to restore calm in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 29 October 2004 - Reacting to an upsurge of violence and disturbances in Liberia #39;s capital, Monrovia, Secretary-General Kofi Annan today called on the local leaders there to lend their support to United Nations efforts to restore calm.
US economy grew at 3.7 percent in summer The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an expanding trade deficit, soaring 
By: DEBRA COTTERILL, Family and Consumers Sciences Agent Mason &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Many people who have never bounced a check in their life could soon bounce their first check if they write checks to pay bills a couple of days before their paycheck is deposited into their checking account.
Post Co. Profit Jumps to \$82.5 Million Profit at The Washington Post Co. was \$82.5 million in the fiscal third quarter (\$8.57 per share) compared with \$19.9 million (\$2.
Big Arctic Perils Seen in Warming A comprehensive four-year study of warming in the Arctic shows that heat-trapping gases from tailpipes and smokestacks around the world are contributing to profound environmental changes 
Hacking pleads not guilty in killing of wife in July SALT LAKE CITY - Mark Hacking pleaded not guilty yesterday to murder in the death of his wife, Lori, whose remains were found in a landfill weeks after her disappearance.
Schilling cant step onto campaign trail The injured Red Sox hurler backed off from taking the stage to appear with President Bush at two Granite State campaign events yesterday.
Australians win first series on Indian soil in 35 years Australia #39;s 35-year wait for a test series triumph on Indian soil ended yesterday when its fast bowlers ripped through the India #39;s defenses to clinch a massive 342-run victory in the third test.
A monkey off their back Nagpur: It is fitting that Australia won their battle against the Indian demon in Nagpur, here at the Vidarbha Cricket Association ground.
Thailand Commission to Investigate Muslim Deaths Facing new violence and harsh criticism, Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has promised to set up an independent commission to investigate the deaths in southern Thailand of 85 accused Muslim rioters, including 78 who died in military detention.
Update 6: Oil Prices Ease Further Amid China Moves Oil prices bounced higher Friday following two days of sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories of crude in the United States and a move by China to cool its economy.
New rules: No more floating checks Legal or not, many of us have  quot;floated quot; payment with a check at some point in our lives. If this is the way you have paid your bills, today is the day to quit cold-turkey.
Black to quit posts soon at Hollinger TORONTO (Agence France-Presse) - Media baron Conrad Black, facing battles with shareholders in the United States and Canada, will quit as chairman and chief executive officer of the Canadian holding company Hollinger Inc.
Lehman agrees to pay \$222.5m to settle Enron suit SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Lehman Brothers agreed to pay \$222.5 million to settle an Enron securities class action suit, the University of California said Friday.
Bad news (and good) on Arctic warming NEW YORK The first thorough assessment of a decades-long Arctic warming trend shows the region is undergoing profound changes, including sharp retreats of glaciers and sea ice, thawing of permafrost, and shifts in ocean and atmospheric conditions that are 
Zero-gravity jet simulates space for regular folks Space is the one frontier that #39;s out of reach to the average person, but the feeling of space travel is now a little less elusive.
Adjustment Buoys Byrd PALM HARBOR - Jonathan Byrd was taken aside by his coach and his caddie at the 84 Lumber Classic in September, and told he needed to work on his demeanor.
Novak topples Henman JIRI Novak made Tim Henman #39;s life as miserable overnight as he did at the Athens Olympics by toppling him 7-6 (7-5) 7-5 in the quarterfinals of the 989,750 euro (\$1.
Hendrick team working through pain For those involved in NASCAR, racing is more than a sport. It is a way of life. It is a way of conducting one #39;s self throughout life, and eventually getting through the toughest part of life: dealing with death.
Controversy mars EU constitution signing Twenty-five leaders representing all of the members of the newly expanded European Union on Friday signed the bloc #39;s first-ever constitution, a document that aims to create a more federal-type government in Europe.
Liberia tightens curfew after capital riots as arms deadline looms MONROVIA (AFP) - The Liberian capital Monrovia was under curfew after citywide riots killed at least five people two days before the end of a UN disarmament effort, provoking fears of a return to conflict in the west African state.
Oil price dip propels stocks to mixed finish Wall Street ended an otherwise strong week with a mixed finish yesterday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 22.93, or 0.23 percent, to 10,027.
GDP rise slight in quarter The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent this summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil 
Crude Oil Falls a Third Day in London as China May Slow Demand Crude oil fell in London, leading to its biggest three-day drop in a month, on rising US stockpiles and concern China is taking steps to slow demand in the world #39;s second-largest oil consuming nation.
Feds delay decision on Merck painkiller Merck can #39;t expect any immediate relief from the medicine that was supposed to replace Vioxx, the pain medication it took off the market.
US to Consider Limiting Pants Imports From China The Bush administration, sending another signal that it intends to limit imports of clothing from China next year, announced yesterday that it will consider a request by the US textile industry 
Cassini #39;s Titan Photos Stump Scientists Description: We take a trip out to Saturn #39;s moon Titan. The Cassini space probe paid a close call to the moon this week, and sent back some pictures of the mist-covered planet that have scientists puzzled.
DAILY DIGEST Washington - Four of the nations largest Internet providers Thursday announced a new round of lawsuits designed to thwart email spammers, including the first major case involving spam sent via an instant messaging service.
U2 online deal hastens last spin for the CD THE new album by the rock veterans U2 is called How To Dismantle An Atomic Bomb. An alternative could have been How To Kill The Compact Disc And Make Two Billion Dollars.
Henman crashes out to Novak Tim Henman was defeated in the quarter-finals of the Swiss Indoors in Basle last night by the Czech, Jiri Novak. The British No 1 must now pick up ranking points at the Paris Masters to ensure qualification 
Notebook: Hendrick drivers to speak about plane crash HAMPTON - Even as teams prepared for Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race at Atlanta Motor Speedway, the NASCAR community continued to focus on last week #39;s plane crash.
Redskins #39; Taylor won #39;t play Sunday WASHINGTON (Ticker) - Following a poor decision off the field, rookie safety Sean Taylor will be on the sidelines when the Washington Redskins take the field Sunday.
Toomer, O #39;Hara still questionable for Giants New York Giants receiver Amani Toomer returned to practice Friday and participated in some individual drills, but his status for Sunday #39;s game against the Minnesota Vikings is still undecided.
Labor targets Chinese textiles The Bush administration yesterday accepted a petition for new quotas on Chinese-made pants, one in a series of decisions that may lead to extensive protection for US textile and apparel 
Plans encourage full schedule; shuttle launch goal still mid-May NASA is studying the possibility of reducing the number of missions it will fly before retiring its three-orbiter space shuttle fleet, agency officials said Friday.
After 216 years,  #39;Times #39; to stop printing as broadsheet The Times is to ditch its broadsheet edition and publish in a compact-only format starting on Monday. Almost a year ago, The Times followed in the footsteps of The Independent 
Traders downplay China move; supply concerns linger SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Crude futures closed higher Friday to tally a gain of 5 percent for the month, lifted by growing doubt that China #39;s interest rate hike will dampen energy demand and the ever-existing possibility that supply disruptions could 
Miami paying a visit to the Tar Heels In his 24 seasons studying college quarterbacks - including a pair as a secondary coach at Ohio State -arry Coker has developed a relatively simple outlook on The Scrambler.
Taylor Told To Take the Weekend Off Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor did not practice yesterday and Coach Joe Gibbs said he was told to take the weekend off and report back to Redskins Park on Monday in the aftermath of 
Spurrier should pass on returning to Florida Wanted: one football coach. Prior head-coaching experience required (fool us once, shame on us). Must be able to win big yesterday.
Afghan Militants Threaten to Kill Hostages A militant group claiming to have kidnapped three foreign election workers in Afghanistan said Friday that it would execute the hostages if the authorities pursued their search for the kidnappers.
US growth bounces up before vote The US economy picked up speed in the third quarter to expand at a 3.7 percent annual rate, the government reported Friday in the last significant look at the economy before Election Day on Tuesday.
Shuttle missions could be reduced NASA confirmed Friday that space shuttle missions will resume as early as May, but agency officials said they will study how to cut future missions that would hasten the spacecraft #39;s retirement.
Lexmark Loss Good for Consumers Until earlier this week, some electronics companies were wielding the Digital Millenium Copyright Act -- a law that tries to curtail piracy of music and movies -- as a shield to protect their businesses from competition.
Foundation built for Sox to succeed Years ago, the uniform numbers on the right-field roof at Fenway Park were displayed in the order in which they were retired. From left to right, the numbers read 9-4-1-8.
It #39;s Texas #39; turn for a fall classic From a Texas perspective, it will be the most significant day of horse racing in the state #39;s history. A crowd of over 50,000 people will pack Lone Star Park today for the Breeders 
Prediction: Miami-Florida 38, North Carolina 15 GAME NOTES: The fourth-ranked Miami Hurricanes head to the Tar Heel State for the second straight week, as they invade Chapel Hill on Saturday, where they will meet up with the North Carolina Tar Heels in ACC action from Kenan Stadium.
Bonds gives reporters silent treatment ST. LOUIS Giants slugger Barry Bonds was at last night #39;s World Series game but refused to answer questions about the scandal surrounding him involving performance-enhancing drugs.
Mourning plays for first time since kidney transplant Playing in an NBA game for the first time since a kidney transplant was like riding a bike for Alonzo Mourning. Once he was on the court, the veteran center looked like he had never left.
Body resembling Japanese captive found A body resembling a Japanese captive has been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for identification, Japanese officials have said.
Jury ready to view Enron evidence A jury in the first Enron criminal trial appears to be ready to sift through the evidence as they asked the judge Friday afternoon for an index to the dozens of exhibits.
Nene leads Nuggets past banged-up Pacers It didn #39;t take long for Austin Croshere to figure out that the Indiana Pacers lost another one of their stars to injury.  quot;I saw the look on the X-ray guy #39;s face when he walked out, quot; Croshere said.
Franco #39;s Relationship With Alleged Mobsters to Be Examined The baseball commissioner #39;s office will wait until after a government investigation to examine whether there has been a relationship between New York Mets reliever John Franco and alleged mobsters.
Costa Rican ex-president Ridriguez jailed Costa Rica #39;s former president Miguel Angel Rodriguez was jailed on Friday for six months pendinginvestigation of corruption charges against him.
In Arafat #39;s absence THROUGH THE different stages of his life as chief of Fatah, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, and president of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat #39;s one consistent principle has been to keep the reins of power wrapped tightly around 
NTT DoCoMo Says Profit Declined 6 in First Half NTT DoCoMo reported today that its profit fell 6 percent for the most recent six-month period from a year earlier as price-cutting rivals lured customers away from the company, Japan #39;s top provider of mobile phone service.
Internet expands political exposure, study finds In its third presidential election, the Internet has finally reached political adolescence. Candidates use it to raise millions and rally their followers.
Racers return to the track to let the healing process begin Brian Vickers struggled to contain his grief Friday for the 10 people killed in the Hendrick Motorsports plane crash last weekend.
All-out US attack on Sunni Triangle is imminent Marines just outside the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah were making final preparations Friday for a large-scale offensive that US commanders 
Surge in car sales spurs economy The final snapshot of the economy before Election Day showed yesterday that growth picked up to a 3.7 percent pace this summer, fired by a consumer spending splurge on cars and sport utility vehicles.
DISNEY BOARD BACKED OVITZ Directors at Walt Disney nominated Michael Ovitz to serve on its board for three years at a 1996 meeting just weeks before forcing him out of his job as president, Ovitz told a Delaware court yesterday.
The bubbles start bursting at Innisbrook Jeff Sluman was eight shots worse and walked off the final green with a share of the lead. Paul Azinger was seven shots better and left Innisbrook in a state of shock.
Pleasantly Perfect tries to repeat as Breeders #39; Cup Classic winner There #39;s more at stake for Pleasantly Perfect in the \$4 million Breeders #39; Cup Classic than trying to repeat last year #39;s victory.
Newman Claims Eighth Pole HAMPTON, Ga. - Ryan Newman blew to his third pole position in as many races Friday night at Atlanta Motor Speedway, but not without a challenge from red-hot Joe Nemechek.
Historic vote on Gaza a boost for democracy Ideally, Israel would be withdrawing from the Gaza Strip as part of a negotiated settlement with the Palestinians. Ideally, there would be no suspicion that the withdrawal is part 
Ukraine vote a threat to West Ukraine #39;s extremely important national elections tomorrow are causing deep concern among Canada #39;s ethnic Ukrainian communities and, far too late, in Europe and the United States.
Gateway Computes Operating Profit It has never bothered me that I have been the only person I know who loves my eMachines computers. The computers are inexpensive and they are more than adequate for my word processing 
Court overturns Lexmark DMCA case injunction In a blow to printer company Lexmark International, a federal appeals court overturned on Tuesday an order that barred a North Carolina company from making computer chips for ink cartridge replacements.
On parade route, cash registers brace for workout Saturdays at Jack #39;s Drum Shop on Boylston Street are usually the slowest. But with the Red Sox victory parade passing by this morning, the shop will 
Threatment of Arafat continues in Paris Doctors in France treating the Palestinian leader, Yassar Arafat, have told him that it will be several days before they know exactly what is wrong with him.
Body Resembling Japanese Hostage Found in Iraq A body resembling a Japanese hostage has been found in Iraq and will be flown to Kuwait or Qatar for identification, officials said on Saturday, after Tokyo refused a demand by his captors to pull out its troops.
Kuchma urges candidates to cool down, pledges national stability He called on candidates and election staffs to cool down. The one who carries out the election struggle with dignity and finds the shortest way to the minds and hearts of voters will become the president of Ukraine, Kuchma said.
Titan #39;s surface like an icy eggshell, images show The surface of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, looks like a cracked eggshell, a windblown landscape dotted with propane lakes, according to images that NASA released Thursday.
TAMARA AUDI: Sox fan oddly troubled by Series  quot;C #39;mon Cardinals! Don #39;t let  #39;em walk over you like this! quot; It was 10:15 pm Wednesday, 3-0 Red Sox. What #39;s wrong with that?
Japan struggles to identify body found in Iraq as civilian hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Natalie Obiko Pearson, Associated Press, 10/30/2004 01:52. TOKYO (AP) A body resembling a Japanese hostage held by Islamic militants has been found in Iraq, the government announced Saturday, and officials 
US GROWTH IS CRIMPED BY OIL October 30, 2004 -- The US economy grew at a slower-than-expected 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter as rising oil prices contributed to a record trade deficit and companies added less to inventories.
Century Casinos #39; profits rise  Colorado Springs-based Century Casinos Inc. said third- quarter profits rose 35 percent to \$1.23 million, or 9 cents a share, from \$914,000, or 7 cents a share, in the year-ago period.
432 years lapse before Supernova perpetrator is identified On 11th November 1572 the renowned Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe witnessed a titanic supernova explosion, although at the time he was unaware of the phenomena he was seeing.
Pacers #39; Miller breaks bone in hand INDIANAPOLIS  Guard Reggie Miller broke a bone in his left hand in the Pacers #39; a 98-79 loss Friday to the Denver, the exhibition finale for both teams.
Raps coach wants team to believe TORONTO -- The Toronto Raptors have to believe. That was coach Sam Mitchell #39;s message after the Raptors held on to win their final NBA preseason game 100-92 over the Cleveland Cavaliers last night.
Economy grows at a 3.7 rate in third quarter The national economy grew at a solid rate in the last three months, boosted by a rebound in consumer spending and another strong quarter of business investment, the Commerce Department reported yesterday.
Update 1: Venezuela, Colombia Mull Gas Pipeline The world #39;s oil producers don #39;t have much capacity to increase output, which should keep prices high throughout 2005, Venezuela #39;s oil minister said Thursday.
Landing Site for Huygens On January 14, 2005, the Huygens probe will try to descend to the surface of Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan--a biochemically rich moon dominated by hydrocarbons like methane and ethane.
RIAA Files 750 Infringement Suits The Recording Industry Association of America yesterday (Oct. 28) brought a new round of copyright-infringement lawsuits against 750 file sharers, including 25 users on 13 university campuses.
Plane #39;s exit chokes  #39;em The NASA turbojet notoriously known as the  quot;Vomit Comet quot; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday.
Byrd rides birdies to share of lead In the PGA Tour #39;s last full-field tournament of the year, Jeff Sluman and Jonathan Byrd are tied for first after two rounds. Byrd birdied five holes on the back nine 
FOOTBALL: I ASKED MUTU: ARE YOU TAKING COCAINE? HE JUST LAUGHED IN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JOSE MOURINHO revealed last night that he accused Adrian Mutu of being a coke-head the very first time he met the Romanian striker.
NOW IT #39;S SUED VAN NISTELROOY SIR ALEX FERGUSON has accused Arsene Wenger of having a  quot;mental problem quot; with Ruud van Nistelrooy after the Arsenal boss branded the United striker a cheat.
Notebook: Breeders #39; Cup gives title hope to several The landscape has changed since Smarty Jones #39; meteoric rise from obscurity to stardom last spring, when the colt from Pennsylvania appeared to be 
Arafat #39;s condition checked It will be at least Monday before French doctors know what #39;s ailing Yasser Arafat, a hospital spokesman said yesterday, hours after the Palestinian leader arrived in Paris for 
Iraq body  #39;not Japanese hostage #39; A body found in Iraq first thought to be that of 24-year-old Japanese hostage Shosei Koda is now likely to be someone else, according to Japanese officials.
Soldier killed in Iraq convoy crash The bulk of an 850-strong group of British troops are gathering near their new base in a US-controlled area of Iraq. Soldiers from the Black Watch regiment will join up with the first wave of their colleagues 
Decatur resident becomes key figure in space shuttle travel Decatur resident Chris Singer was recently appointed co-deputy director of the Engineering Directorate at NASA #39;s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville.
Notebook: Nomar decides to become free agent Nomar Garciaparra filed for free agency yesterday, two days after the All-Star shortstop #39;s former team, the Boston Red Sox, won the World Series.
Report shows economy advancing In the last major economic report before Tuesday #39;s presidential election, the government reported Friday that the economy looked solid in the third quarter - just not as strong as most analysts had expected.
Don #39;t get snared by Check 21 The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act - commonly known as Check 21 - went into effect on Thursday. It #39;s important for you to know about this important change in the nation #39;s banking practices.
It #39;s violent - and teens will want it ONE of the most violent computer games ever made is also set to be the most popular ever, grossing more than the blockbuster movie Titanic, early sales predictions have suggested.
Boston readies for parade Because so many members of Red Sox Nation are expected in Boston to celebrate the team #39;s World Series triumph, the victory parade today won #39;t be making any stops and won #39;t culminate with a staged rally, either.
Fergie blasts  #39;mental #39; Wenger Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson has accused Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger of having a mental problem when it comes to Ruud van Nistelrooy.
Red Sox take camaraderie to new level It used to be said that there was so little camaraderie on the Boston Red Sox that they needed 25 cabs for 25 players after their games.
Japan Says Body Found Not Iraq Hostage Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroyuki Hosoda, center, is surrounded by reporters as he speaks on a body found in Iraq at the prime minister #39;s official residence in Tokyo Saturday, Oct. 30, 2004.
No agreement reached on Sudan security The Sudanese government and rebels in Darfur have failed to agree on a security protocol that would restart talks to end the conflict in the region.
Afghan drug statistics to show big rise: Straw Reuters London Oct 29: UN figures on Afghanistan will show a big rise in drug cultivation and production in the past year, the British Foreign Secretary, Mr Jack Straw has said, as he chided international donors for not meeting their pledges.
Black quits his media empire Disgraced newspaper baron Conrad Black is calling it quits. Black is set to step down from the chairman #39;s post of his newspaper empire Hollinger Inc.
Check is in the mail? But different on arrival As of Thursday, when you write a check you #39;d better have the funds in the bank to cover it. The reason? New rules on check-processing will result in checks clearing more quickly than in the past.
More data requested on Vioxx successor Merck  amp; Co., which withdrew the Vioxx painkiller last month because of a heart risk, said yesterday that US regulators have asked for more safety data before they will approve the medicine #39;s successor, Arcoxia.
Crude oil prices  #39;will keep falling #39; THE president of Opec, the oil producers #39; cartel, called an end to the season of high crude oil prices by stating that stocks had returned to normal levels.
Calif. AG Launches Probe Into Ins. Cos., Broker Practices Attorney General Bill Lockyer announced he has launched a formal investigation into possible antitrust violations and fraud by insurance companies and brokers, and said the probe #39;s initial focus will be on bid-rigging and other anti-competitive conduct in 
Ex-Hearts boss Levein unveiled at Leicester Levein informed Hearts players at training yesterday that he and Peter Houston would be joining Leicester. The former Scottish international replaces Micky Adams at The Walkers Stadium following his departure earlier this month.
In race for top horse, still shot to get Smarty GRAND PRAIRIE, Tex. - In midsummer, most people thought the Horse of the Year had already been cinched by Smarty Jones and his thrilling Triple Crown try.
Grace Park, Koch share lead in Korea Jeju Island, South Korea (Sports Network) - Grace Park and Carin Koch posted matching rounds of six-under-par 66 on Friday to share the lead after the first round of the CJ Nine Bridges Classic.
Nittany Lions face Buckeyes team with its own share of troubles Joe Paterno points to the four freshman he has played this season as proof of his willingness to do so. Jim Tressel, meanwhile, has had less choice.
EU authorities, facing a crisis in leadership, sign 1st charter ROME -- European Union leaders on Friday signed the EU #39;s first constitution, an ambitious charter that aims to raise the union #39;s profile on the world stage.
Delta: hard choice wont protect from bankruptcy? Delta Air Lines may still face bankruptcy despite of tentative agreement with its pilots dated late Wednesday. Late Wednesday, Delta reached an agreement with its pilots to cut costs in order for the carrier to survive.
Millions expected to cheer their Sox BOSTON Red Sox Nation converges on Boston today to celebrate their team #39;s first World Series win in 86 years. The  quot;rolling rally quot; begins near Fenway Park at ten am, continuing through parts of the city and into the Charles River.
Nets make sure Storey has a happy ending Not too many 27-year-old rookies come down the pike in the NBA. But Nets coach Lawrence Frank wasn #39;t concerned that Awvee Storey #39;s only previous NBA experience was a summer camp with the Dallas Mavericks.
Thailand to free 900 protesters The Thai authorities say they are to release 900 people detained six days ago during a protest in the south of the country in which 85 Muslims died.
Netanyahu Presses for Referendum After Knesset Approves Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won an  quot;historic quot; vote in the Knesset Tuesday evening for his disengagement plan, but the uprooting of Jewish communities in Gaza is still far from a done deal after Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu immediately led a 
Government, rebels might swap prisoners Reviving hopes for an exchange of jailed rebels for kidnapping victims, Colombian President Alvaro Uribe said his government is prepared to meet with the country #39;s main guerrilla group about a swap, but said he wants some kidnap 
Patten: Buttiglione should step down Rocco Buttiglione should be replaced as Italy #39;s candidate for the European Commission to defuse a crisis in the EU executive, outgoing commissioner Chris Patten said on Saturday.
NASA to fly again in May 2005 THE US space agency has given a green light for the resumption of space shuttle flights in May 2005, more than two years after seven astronauts died in the mid-air disintegration of space shuttle Columbia.
The Arafat void Even as a gravely ill Yasser Arafat receives medical aid in France, the Palestinian leader #39;s refusal to name a successor will mean further disruption to the Middle East when he does die.
Hendrick team tries to grieve at track Drivers try to focus on racing with the tragedy that killed 10 still weighing on their minds. By BRANT JAMES, Times Staff Writer. HAMPTON, Ga.
Guarded hopes in Israel Israelis were up at dawn Friday, just to see live television coverage of Yasser Arafat leaving his compound in Ramallah and flying out of the Middle East.
Botswana elections to hand victory to party in power since &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GABORONE : Voters went to the polls in diamond-rich Botswana in elections that are expected to hand victory to the party in power since independence in 1966 in one of Africa #39;s most stable countries.
Lucier #39;s in for O #39;Hara Giants center Shaun O #39;Hara remained hospitalized Friday afternoon with an infection in his left leg, making his chances of playing Sunday against the Vikings remote.
Feds reportedly look at mob ties to Franco The baseball commissioner #39;s office will wait until after a government investigation to examine whether there has been a relationship between New York Mets reliever John Franco and alleged mobsters.
Thailand: Muslim detainees to be freed Thai authorities will start on Saturday releasing most of the 1200 Muslim men detained last week after a protest which left 85 dead and outraged Muslims worldwide, the country #39;s prime minister has said.
USA unhappy with presidential campaign in Ukraine The US administration believes that the pre-election campaign in Ukraine has several serious flaws, as an official spokesman for the US State Department Richard Boucher put it.
Economy improved, but not as much as expected The economy expanded at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil prices and 
Proposition 72 would be bad for education Proposition 72 is a \$7 billion employer-mandated health-care tax to create a massive government run health-care system aimed at helping the uninsured.
NASA Sets New Space Shuttle Launch Date The Columbia Accident Investigation Board (CAIB) Report has provided NASA with a roadmap to resume our journey into space. The recommendations reflect the Boards strong support for return to flight at the earliest date consistent with the 
Boston Decides To Keep Mueller For 2005 The Boston Red Sox exercised their option Friday on third baseman Bill Mueller, a former batting champion who had the season-saving single against the New York Yankees in the American League Championship Series.
Eagles #39; offense is too talented Because, while the Eagles are certain to stumble at some point during the regular season, it seems inconceivable that they will falter against a team with as many offensive problems as Baltimore has right now.
Cambodia set to crown new king King Norodom Sihamoni, a former dancer, was chosen to succeed his father Norodom Sihanouk after he announced his abdication earlier this month.
UN chief condemns violence in Monrovia United Nations - United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan on Friday condemned riots in Liberia #39;s capital that left at least five people dead, and urged Liberian and West African leaders to support UN efforts to restore calm.
Afghan Group Says Foreign Hostages Safe A militant group that has claimed responsibility for kidnapping three foreigners in Afghanistan said on Saturday the hostages were safe for now but would be killed unless all Taliban prisoners were released.
Princess Alice dies at 102 The aunt of Queen Elizabeth, Princess Alice, died on Friday at the age of 102, Buckingham Palace say. She had been the longest living member of the Royal Family.
US growth steady in quarter The nation #39;s economy grew at a moderately strong pace in the three months ending Sept. 30, driven by solid gains in consumer spending, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Black to quit Hollinger Inc. positions TORONTO - Lord Black of Crossharbour will step down as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc.  quot;in a matter of days, quot; his lawyer said yesterday after a hearing in Ontario court into the matter.
Airline #39;s seats still a rush job The sit-wherever-you-want-to, provided-you- can-find-it philosophy that has long been associated with Southwest Airlines #39; culture of folksy informality isn #39;t going away anytime soon, despite a flurry of media reports earlier this week that implied it might 
Sofia Breaks Through Cyber Gang Firewall The Bulgarian counterfeit master of Bill Gates-card has played a crucial role in the international cyber gang busted in seven countries earlier this week.
Now, contact lenses that deliver drugs: Health India: London, Oct. 30 : Nano-engineers at Singapore #39;s Institute of Bioengineering and Nanotechnology have developed contact lenses that release controlled doses of drugs to treat eye diseases such as glaucoma.
AROUND THE HORN: Marlins OK Lowell #39;s deal through 2007 Lowell, who could have opted out of his contract because the team hasn #39;t secured new stadium financing, agreed Friday to a revised deal in which the team guarantees the remaining \$25.
Racing family unites in sorrow Grieving Hendrick Motorsports employees returned to the racetrack Friday determined to honor those killed in a plane crash last weekend by continuing the team #39;s legacy of winning races and championships.
Palace defends Abaya appointment to BCDA Malacaang defended Saturday the appointment of newly-retired Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) Chief of Staff Narciso Abaya as president of the Bases Conversion Development Authority (BCDA), saying critics should give the former military chief a 
Nasa shuttle launch hope NASA has said it is aiming for a mid-May launch of the first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy in February 2003. The launch date was the latest of several set by the space agency, and just as subject to change.
At Their Fingertips The small jet taxied up to the door of the private air terminal, with only two passengers and its crew on board. Brian Vickers and Ricky Hendrick were returning from a vacation at some exotic location after clinching the 2003 Busch Series championship.
Sources: Doctors suspect Arafat has leukemia Palestinian sources tell the Associated Press that doctors who specialize in the blood disease are examining Arafat. The 75-year-old Palestinian leader has been sick for the past two weeks.
Wrong body inspected in Japanese hostage crisis A body inspected Saturday to determined whether it is that of the Japanese hostage was not the one found early, a senior Japanese official said.
Thousands Lining Sox Parade Route BOSTON -- Red Sox Nation is converging on Boston Saturday to celebrate their team #39;s first World Series win in 86 years. The  quot;rolling rally quot; begins near Fenway Park at 10 am It will continue down Boylston Street 
Arafat off to Paris, Middle East Discuss  #39;New Period #39; Palestine #39;s legendary leader, Yasser Arafat, was taken to France for treatment yesterday. Arafat, who was reported to have leukemia, arrived yesterday at Percy Military Hospital near Paris via Jordan on a plane belonging to France.
Afghan Group Says Foreign Hostages Safe; Offers Proof A militant group that has claimed responsibility for kidnapping three foreigners in Afghanistan said on Saturday the hostages were safe for now but would be killed unless all Taliban prisoners were released.
Oil Up on Supply Woes, Election Jitters Oil prices bounced back on Friday, ending this week #39;s 8 percent slide on renewed winter supply fears and jitters ahead of next week #39;s US presidential election.
Southwest Airlines thinks assigned seating might fly  quot;I know that sounds like heresy coming from my lips, quot; said Southwest President Colleen Barrett, at the Dallas carrier #39;s annual media day yesterday.
Times newspaper to be printed in tabloid size only The Times newspaper announced Saturday it will be printed in the tabloid form only from Monday after more than 200 years as a broadsheet.
Secret Service Busts Internet Organized Crime Ring In what it called an  quot;Information Age undercover investigation, quot; the US Secret Service announced the arrest of 28 people from eight states and six countries allegedly involved in a global organized cybercrime ring.
Google Desktop Search for Mac under development? Google started a new sensation with its launch of Desktop Search tool for windows platform. It has its share of bugs and limitations at this moment, but analysts around the world have praised it and have high hopes for the future.
Azeri #39;s got no chance in Breeders #39; Cup: Zero, zilch, nada BOBBY Frankel is wrong when he says Azeri maybe should be Horse of the Year if she finishes in the money in today #39;s Breeders #39; Cup Classic at Lone Star Park.
Red Sox Victory Prompts  #39;Fever #39;ish Script Rewrite LOS ANGELES (Zap2it.com) - The curse is over, and now Hollywood is reaping the rewards of the Boston Red Sox #39;s World Series victory.
Google plans desktop search tool for Apple PCs Los Angeles, October 30: Google Inc plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the Mac operating system from Apple Computer Inc, Google chief executive Eric Schmidt said on Friday.
 #39;Horse of the Year #39; could be on the line Throw together eight premier races featuring many of the top thoroughbred race horses in the world, and it would seem that no single theme could dominate an event such as today #39;s 21st Breeders #39; Cup.
Southwest Mulls Ending Unique Seating Southwest Airlines, the discount carrier that has long stuck to its policy of seating passengers on a first-come, first-served basis, is seriously considering assigning seats, officials said.
UC settles one Enron suit Bee Staff Writer. The University of California, negotiating on behalf of Enron Corp. investors, reached a \$222.5 million settlement Friday with the Lehman Brothers brokerage firm over its part in the multibillion-dollar Enron debacle.
MG Rover tanks up with Shanghai cash Loss-making MG Rover has already received millions of pounds from Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation, the Chinese carmaker with which it is negotiating a strategic alliance.
Loeb won #39;t take it easy despite lead WORLD champion Sebastien Loeb will not be taking it easy on the Rally Catalunya after taking the lead on the first day of the event.
Gibernau on home turf The Honda pilot snatched provisional pole in first qualifying Friday. Today, he hopes to confirm, adding a little spice to the end of a season that saw him lose the 2004 title to Yamaha rider Rossi by a frustrating 35 points.
Schilling cancels scheduled appearance wih Bush _ Newly minted World Series hero Curt Schilling canceled a scheduled campaign appearance with President Bush on Friday, saying his doctors advised him not to travel because of his injured ankle.
Yasser Arafat #39;s unrelenting journey The world watches the unfolding drama as the man who has become the symbol for Palestinian nationalism seems to hover between life and death.
Sony sets price for PSP Sony has confirmed that its PSP handheld console, due to go on sale in Japan on December 12, will cost only 19,800 yen (100), a lot cheaper than most analysts predicted.
OPEN SOURCE Software Battle Pits Microsoft Against the Open &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; I have no problem with Microsoft operating in a market environment. Given a choice, I am sure many of us would gladly pay for Windows and Office rather than use Linux and Open Office.
Palestinian leaders meet without Arafat Leaders of the Palestine Liberation Organisation have met for the first time in decades without Yasser Arafat. The executive committee meeting was held in Mr Arafat #39;s battered headquarters in the West Bank 
CLARKE RESUMES REPAIR JOB There was a lot of damage to be repaired, but Darren Clarke did as good a job as he could reasonably have been expected to when he resumed the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today.
Arafat May Be Suffering From Leukemia Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat greets wellwishers prior to his departure from the West Bank town of Ramallah in this picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004.
Death of the broadsheet? The Times took many by surprise with its announcement that it was abandoning its broadsheet format after 216 years. Few thought it would risk alienating so many of its loyal readers, such 
Agassi battles through to final Top seed Andre Agassi won a hard-fought battle against Germany #39;s Tommy Haas in the semi-finals of the Stockholm Open on Saturday.
Analyzing the Breeders #39; Cup Racing #39;s greatest card of the year has arrived with today #39;s 21st Breeders #39; Cup -ight championship races where the smallest field has eight horses and where classic winners might go off at double-digit odds.
India ; Martyn #39;s 114 gives Australia control on Day 1 India News, Nagpur,Damien Martyn Tuesday cracked his career #39;s ninth Test century to put Australia in a strong position against India on the first day of the third Test at the Vidarbha Cricket Association (VCA) ground here.
Thailand frees Muslims detained in protest NARATHIWAT, Thailand - Hundreds of Muslim men were freed in southern Thailand on Saturday after being detained last week in the wake of protests that left 85 dead and outraged Muslims worldwide.
EU constitution nearer to reality DEAR readers, the formal signing of EUs first constitution is a major step forward in the dream to put in place a unified Europe, but the main task before the leaders now is how 
Security tightened in Madhya Pradesh #39;s Chambal belt Security has been tightened and alert sounded in entire Chambal belt of Madhya Pradesh on Saturday following massacre of 13 villagers by the dreaded Gadaria dacoit gang, while authorities were discussing new strategies to check the gang #39;s activities.
Wal-Mart Says October US Sales Rise 2.8, Within Its Forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, estimated that October sales at US stores open at least a year rose 2.8 percent, at the lower end of its forecast range, as shoppers bought more bedding and boys #39; and girls #39; wear.
Saturn moon Titan remains  quot;very alien quot; to researchers LOS ANGELES Saturn #39;s moon Titan has some familiar-looking features, but scientists say most of it looks  quot;very alien. quot;.
Times of London goes tabloid after 216 years The venerable Times of London published its final edition as a broadsheet newspaper on Saturday. On Monday, it relaunches as a tabloid.
SPORTS BRIEFS Top-seeded Andre Agassi beat Spain #39;s Fernando Verdasco 7-6 (4), 6-2 yesterday to reach the Stockholm Open semifinals for the first time.
Wenger has  #39;mental problem #39;: Ferguson Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has blasted rival Arsene Wenger, accusing him of having a  quot;mental problem quot; with striker Ruud van Nistelrooy.
Jayasuriya hits back for Sri Lanka KARACHI, Pakistan -- Sri Lanka staged a spirited fightback to finish the third day of the second test against Pakistan in Karachi trailing by 136 runs with nine second-innings wickets standing.
No love for Owens Here #39;s an intriguing Halloween idea for yappy Philadelphia Eagles enigma Terrell Owens. How about dressing up as a humble introverted wide receiver who lets his outstanding skills do all his talking for him 
25 nations sign first constitution for EU In a splendorous ceremony atop a hill that was once the center of the Roman empire, 25 European heads of government signed the European Union #39;s first constitution Friday, but for 
ElBaradei dismisses revenge claim UN nuclear watchdog head Mohamed ElBaradei has dismissed claims he timed news of missing explosives in Iraq to affect the outcome of the US election.
14 die as villagers battle bandits in India BHOPAL (India): At least 14 people were killed on Friday in a fierce gunbattle between bandits and villagers in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, officials here said.
Wal-Mart Preliminary Same-Store Sales Up Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Saturday said US sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.8 percent in October with help from sales of bedding and children #39;s clothing, according to its preliminary tally,.
AirTran clears jobs hurdle AirTran Airways has agreed to retain 3,200 Chicago-based employees when it acquires bankrupt ATA Airlines #39; local assets, Mayor Daley said Friday, paving the way for City Hall to approve the transfer of ATA #39;s 14 gates at Midway Airport.
Cassini Sending Back Data on Saturn Moon A radar image of the surface of Saturn #39;s moon Titan, taken Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004, by the spacecraft Cassini, is seen in this photo courtesy of NASA.
UPDATE 2-Jayasuriya leads Sri Lanka fightback in Karachi Sanath Jayasuriya struck a cavalier 96 not out to lead Sri Lanka #39;s fightback against Pakistan after a century by Inzamam-ul-Haq on the third day of the second test on Saturday.
Afghan Kidnap Group #39;s Claims True, Say Diplomats A militant Islamic group claiming responsibility for kidnapping three foreigners working for the United Nations in Afghanistan has provided proof it has the hostages, diplomatic and security sources said on Saturday.
Explosion rocks central Baghdad, hits al-Arabiya network offices A car bomb exploded outside the offices of the Al-Arabiya television station in central Baghdad on Saturday, injuring 16 people, police said.
Abductors threaten to kill UN trio unless troops leave Afghanistan KABUL - A breakaway Taleban group claiming to hold three UN workers threatened Saturday to execute them unless foreign troops withdrew from Afghanistan and condemned its invasion by US-led forces.
How to Make The Right Call On Cell Plans Wireless phone service is one of the great bargains of the modern age. When The Post began its annual comparison of cellular calling plans in 1998, \$40 bought a lousy 100 minutes of talk time a month.
Beck outs Llodra to secure final St Petersburg - Slovakia #39;s Karol Beck has grabbed a pass into the final of the one-million-dollar Saint Petersburg Open ATP tournament by beating French seventh seed Michael Llodra on Saturday.
MOTOGP NEWS Tamada takes final pole of 2004. Double race winner Makoto Tamada has taken the final pole position of the 2004 MotoGP season after leading a Camel Honda one-two in today #39;s tightly contested second qualifying session for the Valencia Grand Prix.
Newman nabs Atlanta pole Ryan Newman will start Sunday #39;s NASCAR race from a familiar spot -he pole. By Ric Feld, AP. Newman captured his third straight pole and eighth of 
Vladimir Putin comes out for dual citizenship between Russia and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russian President Vladimir Putin asked State Duma and Federation Council Speakers Boris Gryzlov and Sergei Mironov to begin consultations with Ukrainian parliamentarians on the introduction of dual citizenship between Russia and Ukraine.
Explosion Hits al-Arabiya TV Station October 30, 2004 - Police in Iraq say 16 people have been injured after a car bomb exploded outside the offices of the Al-Arabiya television station in central Baghdad.
World ; IAEA Head Seen Unswayed by US Hostility to New Term World News, VIENNA - The head of the UN nuclear watchdog agency is unlikely to drop plans for a new term despite US anger after pre-election revelations of missing Iraq explosives, a diplomat close to the agency said Saturday.
Bangladeshi hostage in Iraq identified, government appeals for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Bangladesh government confirmed Saturday the identity of one of its nationals taken hostage by militants in Iraq, officials said.
Sudan translator  #39;seized in Iraq #39; Arab television has shown a video tape of a Sudanese interpreter in Iraq who said he had been kidnapped and called on his US employer to leave Iraq.
Science ; Nasa to resume shuttle missions Three of the four hurricanes to come ashore in the state swept over or near the Kennedy Space Center on Florida #39;s eastern coast.
Clashes in Ramadi as militant group executes 11 Iraqi guards At least two Iraqis were killed in clashes today between US troops and insurgents in the restive city of Ramadi, as a militant group claimed it had executed 11 members of the Iraqi National Guard.
Agassi reaches final in Stockholm Stockholm, Sweden (Sports Network) - Top-seeded Andre Agassi earned a grueling victory against fourth-seeded Tommy Haas in Saturday #39;s semifinals at the Stockholm Open.
The old stagers take centre stage What Inzamam-ul-Haq #39;s captaincy means to Pakistan is still the subject of much debate, but there #39;s no doubt about the importance of his batting.
Straw:  #39;No constitution vote until 2006 #39; Tony Blair has signed the new EU constitution as Foreign Secretary Jack Straw indicated any referendum on the treaty will not be held until 2006.
Eight US Marines Killed, Nine Wounded in Iraq Eight US marines were killed and nine wounded in action west of Baghdad Saturday, the US military said. It gave no details on the circumstances of the deaths, which it said occurred in 
1st lawsuit filed against instant-message spam WASHINGTON, Washington, United States of America -- The first known lawsuit against instant-message spam, sometimes called spim, was announced by America Online as part of a campaign to stem unwanted computer messages.
VMware aims for four-processor abilities VMware, the EMC subsidiary whose software lets a computer run multiple operating systems simultaneously in separate  quot;virtual machines, quot; has grown a step more ambitious.
Home series defeats for India Australia, by winning the third Test at Nagpur on Friday, also won the four-match series 2-0 with one match to go. Australia had last won a Test series in India way back in December 1969 when Bill Lawry #39;s team beat Nawab Pataudi #39;s Indian team 3-1.
Kuwaiti Paper: Laden Lives in a Safe Place in NE of Kabul It is claimed that Al-Qaeda terrorist network leader Osama Bin Laden lives in a northeastern part of the Afghani capital Kabul in a safe place under the protection of a tribe.
Hoping to be home by Christmas Camp Dogwood is the less than exotic name for the Black Watch battlegroup #39;s new home, south west of Baghdad. It is a sprawling old Iraqi factory complex, with a 26 mile perimeter.
Tamada Makes his Mark Makoto Tamada took his third pole position of the season with a blistering lap late in final qualifying at Valencia today. The Camel Honda rider, who 
Johnson strike earns Palace 1-0 win at Birmingham Crystal Palace continued their hot streak on Saturday when a breakaway goal by striker Andrew Johnson against his former club gave them a 1-0 victory at Birmingham City.
Grace acknowledges workers at center of federal probe WR Grace  amp; Co. and several of its senior-level employees are the targets of a federal grand jury investigation relating to possible violations of environmental laws in Montana, the company announced Friday.
Sony ready to join music file-sharing The world #39;s largest music company is discussing ways to distribute its songs through Grokster and other Internet file-swapping services, a deal that would embrace a technology long under legal assault by the recording industry.
Explosion rocks central Baghdad A car bomb attack Saturday at the al-Arabiya network offices in Baghdad killed seven people and injured 19, police said. Police Lt.
Wal-Mart #39;s October Sales Rise 2.8, Within Forecast (Update1) Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, estimated that October sales at US stores open at least a year rose 2.8 percent, near the lower end of its forecast range, as shoppers 
Breeders Cup day in Texas GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas (Ticker) - Richard Mandella is confident that Pleasantly Perfect again will be cashing in on horse racing #39;s richest day.
Pak hold lead despite Jayasuriya #39;s fight back Karachi: Pakistan plundered Sri Lanka #39;s bowling line-up on Saturday to secure a commanding 270-run lead after the first innings of their second Test, before Sanath Jayasuriya led a blistering counter-attack.
Mallett gives Waugh Indian curry FORMER Test off-spinner Ashley Mallett has claimed Australia #39;s historic series win in India was due to the fact Steve Waugh was no longer captain of the team.
Black Watch regroups after first soldier dies THE bulk of an 850-strong group of British troops was today gathering near their new base in a United States- controlled area of Iraq.
US Airways posts wider 3rd-qtr loss US Airways Group Inc. (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a wider third-quarter net loss as storms and high fuel prices penalized results.
Who #39;s going to win (World Series, election)? I am expecting the Red Sox to beat the Cardinals. The Red Sox are an unbelievable team determined to achieve their goal of winning the World Series.
Physicians in France checking Arafat for leukemia, Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leukemia specialists examined ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital to determine whether he suffers from the blood cancer, Palestinian officials said Saturday.
Eight US marines are killed in Iraq US military officials say eight American marines were killed and nine others injured Saturday in al-Anbar, west of Baghdad. Also Saturday, seven people died and 16 others were 
Japanese quake boy recalls ordeal A TWO-year-old boy who was miraculously rescued from a crushed car after a major earthquake in Japan has recounted his ordeal and is asking about his mother - who died in the debris.
UC wins \$222.5M in Enron lawsuit \$222.5 million -- in an ongoing securities class action lawsuit against Enron Corp. The settlement, announced Friday and 
Google Plans Desktop Search Tool for Apple PCs Google Inc. GOOG.O plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the Mac operating system from Apple Computer Inc.
Andy Johnson Scores Again, Crystal Palace Beats Birmingham 1-0 Andy Johnson scored his eighth Premiership goal of the season, tying him for the league lead, as Crystal Palace beat Birmingham 1-0 away for its third straight victory.
Thailand Releases 1,100 Muslim Detainees More than 1,100 Muslims detained after a riot were freed Saturday, as the government tried to ease anger in Thailand #39;s restive south over the deaths of dozens of accused rioters - including 78 who perished in military custody.
Ukraine braces for presidential vote Tension was high in Ukraine Saturday as the nation prepared to vote for a new president in an election that pits West against East.
Botswana goes to polls People in Botswana, where more than a third of the population is HIV positive, go to the polls today in elections that were expected to be dominated by the ruling party - like every other vote since the southern African country gained independence 
Gadget of the week: Catch and hold radio programs For those who would like more control over when and how they listen to radio shows, whether classical music in the afternoon or a soccer game at midnight, there is a new option from Griffin Technology: the RadioShark.
Beck, Youzhny gain St. Petersburg final Russia #39;s Mikhail Youzhny and Slovakia #39;s Karol Beck won three-set semifinals Saturday and will play for the St. Petersburg Open title.
Agassi reaches first Stockholm final STOCKHOLM - Andre Agassi did just enough to beat Germany #39;s Tommy Haas 7-6, 7-6 and reach his first Stockholm Open final on Saturday.
Northwest Airlines Recalls 600 Attendants The Professional Flight Attendants Association said in a message to union members Friday that the flight attendants would  quot;fill vacancies quot; in the Detroit and Twin Cities bases.
Buttiglione withdraws from Barroso Commission The Italian nominee had been heavily criticised for his alleged comments on gays, single parents and the role of men and women, and these led Commission president-designate Jose Manuel Barroso 
Psst, Sony #39;s handheld game goes on sale in Japan on Dec 12 IF YOU are heading for Japan in December, here #39;s something that you may want to include in your shopping list. Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable, which will mark the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant #39;s 
Apple: Upgrade or else! p2pnet.net News Opinion:- Music fans with a particular interest in the pomp-rock experimentation of U2, one of those bands who formed the background to my early adulthood without ever persuading me that I wanted to purchase any of their albums, are 
Eight Marines die, while car bomb strikes TV centre Eight US Marines have been killed in fighting west of Baghdad, while a car bomb outside a television centre in the Iraqi capital has left at least seven dead.
Update 2: Volkswagen, Workers Renew Wage Talks Wage negotiations between Volkswagen AG and Germany #39;s biggest industrial union broke up without agreement Thursday, but the two sides agreed to hold more talks next week even as the union presses ahead with plans for a flurry of short work stoppages.
Nalbandian Completes Basel Final Hat Trick Argentine fourth seed David Nalbandian reached the final of the Swiss Indoors for the third consecutive year Saturday with a 6-3, 6-4 win over struggling Chilean Nicolas Massu.
Bomb Explodes at Al Arabiya TV Office in Baghdad A bomb exploded outside the office of Dubai-based Al Arabiya television in western Baghdad Saturday, wounding half a dozen employees.
Russia approves electoral reform Russia #39;s lower house of parliament gave tentative backing Friday to a key electoral reform proposed by President Vladimir Putin following a series of recent terror attacks that have killed hundreds and stunned Russians.
Van Persie Saves Arsenal; Man Utd Loses 2-0 An injury-time goal by Dutch substitute Robin van Persie saved Arsenal from a second successive defeat on Saturday, earning the champions a 2-2 home draw with Southampton.
Taiwan to continue beef imports WASHINGTON - Taiwan has agreed in principle to resume imports of US beef and beef products, US officials announced Tuesday. In 2003, Taiwan #39;s purchases of beef and products amounted to some \$325 million.
NASA To Send Space Shuttle Discovery and Seven Astronauts on STS &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA, the American space agency responsible for putting a man on the moon but who also lost seven astronauts in its 2003 Columbia Shuttle voyage and seven astronauts in its 1986 Challenger take-off, says the first space shuttle mission since the disaster 
VMware Introduces 4-Way Virtual SMP VMware, Inc., the global leader in virtual infrastructure software for industry-standard systems, announced 4-Way VMware Virtual SMP (symmetric multiprocessing).
RP backs hunt for Filipino #39;s abductors despite threat Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A2 of the Oct. 31, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. DESPITE the threat by a splinter Taliban group to kill a Filipino diplomat and two other hostages unless security 
Chelsea gets closer to Arsenal atop the table London, England (Sports Network) - Chelsea #39;s 4-1 win over West Bromwich on Saturday afternoon allowed the Blues to move even on points with Arsenal atop the Premiership table.
Crude oil prices rise on concerns over labor unrest in Nigeria Crude oil futures gained Friday as traders worried that labor unrest in Nigeria might cause fresh supply disruptions. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil for December 
Family  #39;Devastated #39; by Death of Black Watch Soldier Relatives of the Black Watch soldier killed during the controversial military deployment from Basra spoke tonight of their devastation at his death.
Ashado in Winning Breeders #39; Cup Start Ashado, ridden by John Velazquez, won the \$2 million Distaff Race at Lone Star Park Saturday, the first event on the \$14 million eight-race Breeders #39; Cup card.
Eight US Marines dead as Baghdad car blast kills at least seven Eight US Marines were killed and nine others injured Saturday west of Baghdad, the US military stated. Meanwhile, a car bomb went off outside the offices of the Al-Arabiya television station in central Baghdad 
Ashado wins Distaff in opening Breeders #39; Cup race Ashado grabbed the lead in the stretch and got the Breeders #39; Cup off to a rousing start for trainer Todd Pletcher by winning the \$2 million Distaff at Lone Star Park on Saturday.
Wolfsburg stays on top in Germany with 4-3 win; Bayern, Stuttgart &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bulgarian striker Martin Petrov scored all four goals and Wolfsburg rallied from a two-goal deficit to stay atop the Bundesliga with a 4-3 victory over newcomer Mainz, while Stuttgart and Bayern both lost Saturday.
Liberia curfew lifted temporarily Liberia #39;s interim leader announced on Saturday a temporary lifting of a curfew imposed after religious riots gripped the capital Monrovia to allow residents to venture out to buy food.
Boy rescued from earthquake rubble wants mom The 2-year-old boy rescued after being under rubble for four days after an earthquake in Japan, keeps asking about his mother.  quot;When will my mom come?
Recording Industry Files 750 More File-Sharing Lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has revived its long-running crackdown on file-swapping through legal action, suing 750 alleged filing copyright infrigement suits again 
Forsyth grabs lead in Spain Cadiz, Spain (Sports Network) - Alastair Forsyth shot a four-under 67 on Saturday to grab the lead after the third round of the Volvo Masters Andalucia.
Martin in strong position to win Catalunya Rally com staff writers. Markko Martin still has a full day and six special stages to go, but he is now the clear favorite to win Catalunya Rally and follow up his win in the last round of the World Rally Championship, in Corsica a fortnight ago.
Anti-China protester at Cambodian king #39;s address A man waving a placard denouncing  #39; #39;Evil China #39; #39; protested today in front of Cambodia #39;s new king, who is expected to maintain his father #39;s warm personal and diplomatic ties with Beijing.
8 US marines killed in Iraq NEW YORK - Eight US marines have been killed west of Baghdad in a region that has become a flashpoint of anger over the US occupation of Iraq.
The Times of London to becone a tabloid Beginning Monday all editions of the venerable Times of London will be printed in tabloid format, just as the Sun and other not-quite-so-venerable newspapers.
ATP chief says players to blame for burnout Men #39;s tennis chief Mark Miles says players have only themselves to blame for the fitness problems that have led to a wave of withdrawals from recent tournaments.
Eight Marines killed in fighting A car bomb killed eight US Marines outside Fallujah on Saturday, the deadliest attack against the US military in nearly six months.
Liberians Venture Back Onto Streets After Riots Liberians ventured back onto the streets of Monrovia on Saturday during a temporary lifting of a round-the-clock curfew imposed after at least seven people were killed in religious riots.
Flexibility needed to resolve Kashmir issue: Musharraf Islamabad, Oct 30 (UNI) Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf today said Pakistan and India would have to move beyond their stated positions to find out a solution to the Kashmir issue.
The papers consider a future without the Palestinian leader  quot;With uncertainty surrounding the health of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian president, the question ... being asked in the Middle East, and probably the corridors of the White House is: what of the future?
Forsyth takes over at Valderrama VALDERRAMA, Spain (Ticker) - Alastair Forsyth may be 120 places lower in the world rankings, but the Scot clearly won his duel Saturday with local favorite Sergio Garcia at the Volvo Masters.
NALBANDIAN FACES NOVAK SHOWDOWN Argentina #39;s David Nalbandian booked his place in the final of the Swiss Open for the third successive year on Saturday. The fourth-seed saw off Olympic gold medal winner Nicolas Massu of Chile 6-3 6-4 in the semi-final.
Sweet Catomine takes BC Juvenile Fillies Sweet Catomine overcame traffic problems on the turn for home and posted a 3-length victory in the \$1 million Breeders #39; Cup Juvenile Fillies on Saturday.
Lehman Brothers settles Enron shareholder lawsuit HOUSTON Wall Street brokerage Lehman Brothers has agreed to pay 222-and-a-half (M) million dollars to settle an Enron-related class-action lawsuit.
Tom Online Cuts Revenue Guidance Tom Online (TOMO:Nasdaq - news - research) sank Friday after slashing its third-quarter revenue guidance. The company warned that it expects sales for the third quarter ended Sept.
RIAA targets students in new file-swapping suits The Recording Industry Association of America filed on Thursday another round of lawsuits against alleged file-swappers, including students on 13 university campuses.
Forsyth leads the way at Volvo Masters Alastair Forsyth will take a three-stroke lead into the Volvo Masters final round on Sunday after overshadowing tournament favourite and playing-partner Sergio Garcia.
Body found in Iraq Iraqi officials said the decapitated body of what appears to be a young Asian male has been found in northwestern Baghdad. Civil defense officials said they retrieved the body Saturday in the fields of a Baghdad 
US forces launch airstrikes in Fallujah The American military launched new airstrikes against suspected militant bases in Falljuah Saturday. They also carried out probing attacks on the city #39;s outskirts, as they prepare for a major operation here.
Thai probe announced in deaths of detainees Facing new violence and harsh criticism, the prime minister yesterday said he would set up an independent commission to investigate the 
Ukraine Steps Up Security On Eve Of Election 30 October -- Ukraine #39;s Interior Minister warned police will use force if needed to uphold security in tomorrow #39;s presidential elections.
Ashado wins Breeders #39; Distaff Ashado bulled her way into contention on the turn for home and went on to win Saturday #39;s \$2 million Breeders #39; Cup Distaff by 1 1/4 lengths in track-record time.
Democrats Favored in Botswana Election Botswana chose a parliament Saturday, with the ruling Democratic Party favored to keep the lock on power it has had for 38 years. Soome voters said they feared the party #39;s loss would undermine AIDS treatment 
The secret world of marsh mac When Jeffrey W Greenberg took the helm of notoriously secretive Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., a \$12 billion financial-services company, on Nov. 18, 1999, analysts were happily buzzing that Greenberg was a gregarious, outgoing executive.
Singletary surprise winner of Breeders #39; Cup Mile Singletary, a 4-year-old colt named for former Chicago Bears linebacker Mike Singletary, broke away from the back at the top of the stretch and won the Breeders #39; Cup Mile on Saturday, setting off a boisterous celebration.
United give FA food for thought Manchester United are to report Mr Arsene Wenger to the Football Association for his verbal abuse of Ruud van Nistelrooy and Sir Alex Ferguson in the bitter aftermath of Arsenals 2-0 defeat at Old Trafford last Sunday.
Tennis: Nalbandian to meet Novak in Basel final BASEL, Switzerland : Former champion David Nalbandian of Argentina will bid to claim his second Basel ATP title here on Sunday when he faces Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic for the first time in his career.
Ouija Board surges to Filly and Mare Turf win English and Irish classic winner Ouija Board (GB) more than justified the hype surrounding her presence in the \$1-million Breeders Cup Filly and Mare Turf (G1), surging past Grade 1 winner Film Maker in the lane to capture the 1 3/8-mile contest at 
Illinois Fighting Illini Tate connected with Ed Hinkel on a pair of 19-yard touchdowns and scored on a five-yard run as 24th-ranked Iowa handed Illinois its 14th consecutive Big Ten Conference loss, 23-13.
Peterson Gains 249 Yards as No. 2 Oklahoma Tops Oklahoma St. STILLWATER, Oklahoma (Sports Network) - Jason White threw three first-half touchdown passes to Mark Bradley and Adrian Peterson ran for a career-high 249 yards with a score, as second-ranked Oklahoma held on for a 38-35 victory over 20th- ranked Oklahoma 
I did it, Ill do it again: Osama DOHA, Oct. 30. - Claiming responsibility for 9/11, Osama bin Laden has threatened the USA with more such attacks. The Al-Qaida chief also accused President George W Bush of misleading his people, in 
Mauresmo, Bovina advance to Linz final Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo rallied past Jelena Jankovic 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 Saturday to advance to the Generali Ladies Open final against Elena Bovina.
Singletary Wins Breeders #39; Cup Mile Jockey David Flores, right, celebrates his win aboard Singletary in the Net Jets Breeders #39; Cup Mile turf race over jockey Jamie Spencer and Antonius Pius (7) in Grand Prairie, Texas, Saturday, Oct. 30, 2004.
Wildcats offense will give Boilers a good challenge Northwestern characterizes its offense as a spread formation, but dont expect to see too many familiarities with the kind of spread offense Purdue uses.
No. 15 West Virginia 35, Rutgers 30 Chris Henry caught a 39-yard scoring pass and set up another touchdown with a long catch before being kicked out of the game, leading No.
First steps toward peace Any Israeli withdrawal from land that may one day be a Palestinian homeland is long overdue. For that reason, we should all applaud Prime Minister Ariel Sharons recent victory in the Knesset that will close Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip.
Rain expected across much of nation Rain was expected to dampen much of the nation on Saturday, with snow falling in mountainous areas of the West. Widespread showers were forecast for the Ohio Valley, Great Lakes, Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and the central Tennessee Valley.
SUPER SINGLETARY HOLDS EUROPEANS AT BAY Antonius Pius #39;s waywardness and a troubled passage for Six Perfections cost the European team dear as Singletary hung on grimly to land a dramatic NetJets Breeders #39; Cup Mile at Lone Star Park today.
British judge OKs lawsuit by TV host who says Schwarzenegger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A British television host who saids she was groped by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger four years ago and then libelled by his aides can take legal action in a British court, a judge ruled.
Kenseth holds off Kyle Busch to win Aaron #39;s 312 Nextel Cup regular Matt Kenseth held off an emotional Kyle Busch in a two-lap sprint to the finish, winning the Busch race at Atlanta Motor Speedway on Saturday.
Polish hostage in Iraq calls for troop pullout The Qatar-based Al-Jazeera TV channel on Saturday aired footage of a Polish woman held hostage by a militant group in Iraq calling for the withdrawal of Polish troops from the 
Iraqi president on landmark visit to Kuwait KUWAIT CITY : Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar was received by Kuwait #39;s ruler after arriving in the oil-rich emirate on the first ever official visit by an Iraqi head of state.
 #39;Hobbit #39; Skeleton Could Rewrite Prehistory The tiny humans may have been hunted by large lizards -- bigger versions of the Komodo dragons that still roam the island and which have been known to eat people.
Ouija Board lives up to hype in Fillies  amp; Mare Turf GRAND PRAIRIE, TEXAS -- After answering questions to where she would run on Breeders #39; Cup day, Ouija Board left no doubt about her performance.
Costly win for Lyon Lyon, France (Sports Network) - Olympique Lyon #39;s start to the season could not have been much better, until it came to a screeching halt Saturday in a French Ligue 1 match against Strasbourg.
Tiny cousins The discovery of the skeletal remains of hobbit-size humans on a remote island in Indonesia has set anthropologists atwitter. The bones appear to belong to a new and unexpected species of humans, little more 
Taliban group claims hostages and vows: We will chop them up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARTIES were cancelled and the restaurants were deserted in Kabul this weekend. The Delhi Durbar, usually heaving on a Friday night with aid workers, United Nations staff, diplomats, and inter national consultants 
Poulter reins back to rise Ian Poulter might just have to reassess his year if he wins the Volvo Masters in southern Spain today. The flamboyant Englishman might have to raise his previous mark of self-estimation from one out of 10 
Youzhny too hot for Greg Greg Rusedski missed out on reaching consecutive Russian finals when he lost 3-6 6-3 6-4 to Mikhail Youzhny in their semi-final at the St Petersburg Open.
Valencia lets opportunity slip away Valencia, Spain (Sports Network) - Valencia missed a chance to gain ground on La Liga leaders Barcelona on Saturday night. The struggling Valencia squad did not take advantage, as they finished in a 1-1 draw with Atletico Madrid at the Mestalla.
Matt Kenseth Busch Aaron #39;s 312 Kenseth finished 0.119 seconds ahead of runner-up Kyle Busch for his third victory of the season and 17th of his Busch career. At the 100-lap mark, Atlanta area native Reed Sorenson 
Michigan State #39;s Stanton out with shoulder injury Michigan State quarterback Drew Stanton left the Michigan game Saturday with a strained shoulder, cutting short a strong performance.
Al-Arabiya tv bombed in Baghdad A car bomb has destroyed the Baghdad offices of Arabic, Al-Arabiya television station leaving at least seven people dead and scores wounded.
Ghostzapper dominates field in \$4 million Classic GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas -- Ghostzapper made the rest of the field in North America #39;s richest horse race disappear. In resounding fashion, front-running Ghostzapper romped to a three-length victory in Saturday #39;s 
Newman earns fourth straight pole at Atlanta HAMPTON, Ga. -- Ryan Newman won his fourth straight pole position at Atlanta Motor Speedway on Friday during Georgia-Pacific Qualifying Night.
Kutaragi comments on PSP pricing, prospects SCE #39;s outspoken president speaks out on the PSP for the first time since the price announcement this week. TOKYO--Sony Computer Entertainment president Ken Kutaragi revealed a great deal of additional information 
Sooners respond to Cowboys #39; challenge For those who think Saturday #39;s narrow victory over Oklahoma State proves that No. 2 Oklahoma isn #39;ta championship-caliber team, Sooners coach Bob Stoops has a message for you.
Bagle Is Still Biting New versions of the Bagle worm are rolling onto the Internet, prompting antivirus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
Fair Play Once a cult among geeks, it has now sold 32 million copies and provoked global debates on violence, but has Grand Theft Auto elevated video games to art?
What next for Mutu? Romanian press ponder sacked strikers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BUCHAREST: The sacking of Romanian striker Adrian Mutu by English Premiership giants Chelsea for a failed drugs test made the front page of all national newspapers here Saturday, as the press pondered the future of their fallen idol.
Pacers veteran Miller breaks hand INDIANAPOLIS: Indiana shooting guard Reggie Miller broke a bone in his left hand Friday in the first quarter of Fridays National Basketball Association pre-season finale against Denver.
Arafat aides say initial tests have ruled out leukemia as cause of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Initial results from a battery of tests on Palestinian President Yasser Arafat found no signs Saturday of leukemia, Palestinian officials said, but blood doctors are still trying to find the cause of the leader #39;s dramatic 
Buttiglione resigns to ease EU crisis ROME: Calling himself an innocent victim, Italys Rocco Buttiglione withdrew as a candidate for the incoming European Commission on Saturday to help ease an unprecedented crisis for the executive.
Taliban threat to kill Briton A HARDLINE faction of the Taliban that claims to be holding Annetta Flanigan, a hostage from Northern Ireland, has threatened to kill her and two other captives if British troops do not pull out of Afghanistan, writes Tom Coghlan in Kabul.
Princess Alice, the oldest royal of all, dies at 102 PRINCESS Alice, the Queens aunt who once described herself as a pre-beatnik, has died at the age of 102. She was the oldest member of the British royal family in history.
US to seek ouster of IAEA chief WASHINGTON: The Bush administration, unhappy with what it sees as his interference in the US election on the Iraqi explosives issue, would actively seek to oust the UN nuclear watchdog chief if the president is re-elected, a senior official said on Friday 
Lord Black keeps the e-mails flying in adversity To hear Lord Black tell it, from a business perspective at least, all was proceeding according to the master plan. We exchanged e-mails in late August as I was toiling 
Disney pay-off case sets a precedent for US firms THERE was room for only 50 people in the tiny Georgetown, Delaware, courtroom last week to hear Walt Disneys former president describe bitterly how his 14-month tenure ended.
This Kansan Made Good, Maybe Too Good, Some Say David Wittig #39;s spoils from his tenure as chief executive of Kansas #39; largest electric utility, a company once brash enough to be called the Enron of the Midwest, are the talk of Topeka.
European Commission crisis averted as Buttiglione dumped Italy #39;s Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi, has bowed to the inevitable, abandoning his push to make Rocco Buttiglione a European Commissioner and opening the way for a solution to an unprecedented EU crisis.
Musharraf could be a bridge to democracy, says Jugnu Mohsin WASHINGTON: If General Pervez Pervez Musharraf succeeds in his declared intention of rolling back political Islam and normalising relations with India, he could prove to be a bridge to democracy 
Last man standing And lo, the hawk begat the dove. At least that is how one imagines Private Eye might soon be recording the remarkable events unfolding in Gaza in The Book of Sharon, its inimitable account of the travails of the modern Holy Land.
Report Sounds Alarm on Pace of Arctic Climate Change The most comprehensive international assessment of Arctic climate change has concluded that Earth #39;s upper latitudes are experiencing unprecedented increases in temperature 
Ecosse: Big game hunter It started with optimism, even innocence. One minute we were guiding cute suicidal lemmings down the path to nemesis. The next, thanks to hurtling technological advances, we were cruising the  #39;hood in a stolen 
Rossi out to end on a high The Spaniard has been on the receiving end of some harsh treatment from Rossi, who began a well-publicised spat after he was penalised for an indiscretion by his team during the recent Qatar round 
No. 2 Oklahoma 38, No. 20 Oklahoma St. 35 Adrian Peterson rushed for 249 yards and Cowboys kicker Jason Ricks missed a 49-yard field goal with 11 seconds left, giving the second-ranked Sooners a 38-35 victory over their pesky instate rivals on Saturday.
Mile: Singletary sacks field Singletary stormed to the lead at the top of the stretch and won Saturday #39;s \$1.5 million Breeders #39; Cup Mile at Lone Star Park.
Northwestern 13 (17) Purdue 10 EVANSTON, Ill. Noah Herron #39;s three-yard touchdown run with 38 seconds left pushed Northwestern past 17th-ranked Purdue 13-to-10.
US Military in Afghanistan Dismisses Bin Laden Tape The US military in Afghanistan dismissed a new videotape featuring Osama bin Laden as  quot;propaganda, quot; and insisted that bin Laden would be caught, but it acknowledged having no fix on the Al-Qaeda leader #39;s whereabouts.
The Times Moves to Compact Format Monday Through to Saturday LONDON, October 29 /PRNewswire/ -- The Times has today announced that from Monday November 1 2004 it will be compact-only six days a week.
Golden, Park share lead at Nine Bridges Classic Kate Golden rolled in a long eagle putt on 18 to cap a bogey-free 8-under 64 Saturday and move into a tie for the lead with Grace Park after two rounds of the CJ Nine Bridges Classic.
Maryland 20 (5) Florida State 17 COLLEGE PARK, Md. The Red Sox won a World Series, so why can #39;t Maryland beat Florida State. The Terrapins got their first victory over FSU, holding off the fifth-ranked Terrapins 20-to-17.
Another week, another lead for Singh Palm Harbor, FL (Sports Network) - Vijay Singh, the top-ranked player in the world, moved a step closer to his ninth victory of the season on Saturday as he posted a four-under 67 to take the 54-hole lead of the Chrysler Championship.
Britons Prefer Kerry to Bush for World Safety A large majority of Britons think a US election victory for John Kerry is the best outcome for global security, according to a poll in a Sunday newspaper.
Circulation drops will pull down ad revenue, analyst says NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Goldman Sachs downgraded Tribune Co. Friday, saying the media company #39;s circulation woes will soon translate into lower advertising revenue.
 #39;Yukos saga just the start of the battle #39; MOSCOW - A top Kremlin official said Thursday that the Yukos affair was  quot;just the beginning quot; of the state #39;s battle against tax offenders, but should not inhibit foreigners from investing in Russia.
Strange world of island species On one island visited by Sinbad during his travels, he found a giant bird with the wingspan of a whale, while Odysseus, according to Homer, discovered an island race of one-eyed giants who ate humans.
LondonTimes goes tabloid after 216 years The venerable Times of London published its final edition as a broadsheet newspaper yesterday. Tomorrow, it relaunches as a tabloid.
Forsyth holds on as season reaches a thunderous end Scotland #39;s Alastair Forsyth will take a three-stroke lead over Sergio Garcia and Ian Poulter into the final round of the Volvo Masters today.
Michigan St. Spartans ANN ARBOR, Michigan (Ticker) -- The longest game in Michigan history had many heroes. None was bigger than Braylon Edwards. Edwards caught two touchdowns late in the fourth quarter, then added another in triple 
As Fans Await Spurrier, Gators Fall Again Their successful siege of Ron Zook over with his firing earlier this week, the glum Florida fans sat in the descending darkness Saturday as Georgia ran out the clock on a 31-24 victory.
Trainer Enjoys Breakthrough Day Wherever he has gone, the trainer Todd Pletcher has had no problem winning races or earning money. He has established records for the most victories at meets at 
Maryland 20, No. 5 Florida State 17 Fifth-ranked Florida State was in the process of completing another comeback on the road, and Maryland coach Ralph Friedgen could think of only one course of action.
WEST VIRGINIA 35, RUTGERS 30 Mountaineers Embarrassed but &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As he was ushered off the field Saturday, West Virginia receiver Chris Henry gestured belligerently toward the stands until he reached the tunnel.
Ukraine poll marred by fraud and unrest Ukrainians vote for a new president today against a backdrop of explosions, predictions of massive ballot-rigging and fears of widespread violence.
Princess Alice, oldest ever royal, dies Princess Alice, the Royal aunt who lived through the abdication crisis, two world wars and the turn of the millennium has died at the age of 102, the oldest member of the British royal family in history.
Black Watch soldier #39;s death mourned Relatives of the Black Watch soldier killed during the deployment from Basra to an area near Baghdad said last night they were devastated at the news of his death.
Good riddance to tarnished paradise island of Pitcairn It was the closest that Pitcairn had ever come to civil insurrection. The spark was the Clipper Odyssey, an American cruise ship that anchored offshore so that passengers could tour the island immortalised by the Bounty mutineers.
Police terror sweeps across Haiti The bodies had been whisked away but the dried pool of blood covering the dirt-floor dead end of a twisting alley was a chilling sign of what happened here last week.
12th-Ranked Michigan Beats Michigan St. in 3rd OT ANN ARBOR, Michigan (Sports Network) - Braylon Edwards caught a 24-yard touchdown pass in the third overtime to lead 12th-ranked Michigan to a 45-37 win over Michigan State in Big Ten action at Michigan Stadium.
Better Talk Now beats Kitten #39;s Joy in Turf Better Talk Now got the best of a rough race to win Saturday #39;s \$2 million Breeders #39; Cup Turf by 1 3/4 lengths over the favorite, Kitten #39;s Joy.
Singh Turns Chrysler in His Direction Vijay Singh made a 30-foot birdie putt on the 17th hole that changed everything yesterday at the Chrysler Championship in Palm Harbor, Fla.
Spanish leader Barcelona draws 1-1 with Athletic Bilbao on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Samuel Eto #39;o took his scoring total to eight this season as FC Barcelona drew 1-1 with Athletic Bilbao in the Spanish league on Saturday.
Rusedski happy to be back It is almost the end of term and the report cards are due. With only a couple of weeks to go before the season #39;s end, some (Tim Henman) are still busting their buttons to earn their gold star 
Economic growth rate falls short The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil prices and the 
Northwest Airlines to recall 600 flight attendants EAGAN, Minn. -- Northwest Airlines plans to recall about 600 flight attendants who have been furloughed. The Professional Flight Attendants Association said in a message to union members Friday that the flight 
China closes 1,600 Internet cafes in campaign to stamp out online &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China has closed 1,600 Internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100 million yuan (US\$12 million) for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said Saturday.
Ashado Wins Opening Breeders #39; Cup Race Ashado grabbed the lead in the stretch and got the Breeders #39; Cup off to a rousing start for trainer Todd Pletcher by winning the \$2 million Distaff at Lone Star Park on Saturday.
COL FB: Maryland 20, Florida State 17 Joel Statham passed for for 333 yards Saturday as Maryland posted a 20-17 upset of No. 5 Florida State -- its first victory over the Seminoles.
79 Haiti Deaths Tallied in Violent Month The executions of four young men in a slum stronghold of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide brought to at least 79 the number killed in a month of violence in Haiti #39;s capital.
Fuel prices likely to be hiked The Government, which has already secured a line of confirmation on increasing prices from its key allies - the Left parties - is likely to moderate the hike in petrol and diesel prices that has become necessary due to a surge in crude oil prices.
Ferguson urges Henry punishment Sir Alex Ferguson has called on the Football Association to punish Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry for an incident involving Gabriel Heinze.
Botswana elections to hand victory to party in power since &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GABORONE (AFP) - Queues of voters in diamond-rich Botswana waited patiently to cast their ballots in elections that are expected to hand victory to the party in power since independence in 1966 in one of Africa #39;s most stable countries.
Happy Halloween: Ghostzapper scares up a Classic win Undaunted by the presence of eight millionaires in the field, Ghostzapper blazed to a wire-to-wire win in yesterday #39;s \$4 million Breeders #39; Cup Classic at Lone Star 
Not a Huge Game, but a Huge Catch JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Fred Gibson promised Georgia fans a really big game. He didn #39;t deliver. The Bulldogs will have to settle for the biggest catch of Saturday #39;s 31-24 win over Florida.
FSU notebook: Bowden: No decision on QB Bowden replaced starting quarterback Wyatt Sexton with Chris Rix at the beginning of the fourth quarter, with FSU trailing 20-10.  quot;I definitely wasn #39;t expecting it, quot; Sexton said,  quot;but I understood 
Wolverines win triple-OT thriller, 45-37 Michigan State often complains that Michigan doesnt respect the rivalry -- especially when the games are played in Ann Arbor. Well, the Spartans finally might have won the Wolverines respect.
Boy, 12, is shot dead by Israelis JERUSALEM: Israeli soldiers shot dead a 12-year-old Palestinian boy yesterday during confrontations with protesters in a refugee camp in the West Bank town of Jenin, medics said.
NASA Picks May 2005 Shuttle Launch Date NASA (news - web sites) is aiming for a mid-May launch of the first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy almost two years ago.
The Pods Just Keep on Coming Steve Jobs is feeling rather vindicated these days.  quot;The iPod is three years old, quot; says the Apple CEO.  quot;When we started this, nobody knew what it was, or they didn #39;t believe it 
North Carolina 31, No. 4 Miami 28 Conner Barth booted a 42-yard field goal on the final play of the game, giving North Carolina a shocking 31-28 upset of the fourth-ranked Hurricanes on Saturday night.
Army Tactics Anger Thai Muslims Razee Dorloh, 22, left his house built on stilts near the riverbank on Monday morning without a word, his family recounted. He headed for the district police station 
Ukraine #39;s Crucial Election THIS IS NOT a good weekend to hold a presidential election if you are not American and would like to have the attention of the United States and its major allies.
US Stocks Advance in Week, Lifting S amp;P 500 for 1st Week in 4 US stocks gained this week as a plunge in oil prices allayed concern that higher fuel costs will slow earnings and economic growth.
Petrol price hike: Decision tomorrow New Delhi: The Government on Saturday deferred a decision on the issue of raising the retail prices of petrol and diesel prices. A decision is likely to be taken tomorrow.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas; Virtual PC for Mac Version 7 The year is 1992, and life stinks for Carl Johnson. His mom #39;s been murdered, his family is in disarray, his childhood friends have turned against him, and corrupt cops are framing him for a murder somebody else committed.
USC can #39;t afford to relax in upcoming football contests Better come focused, not drift. Remember the last visit here and recognize exactly what could be at stake. It #39;s the new USC theme -- win or else.
North Carolina Stuns No. 4 Miami 31-28 Barth #39;s 42-Yard Field Goal on Final Play of Game Gives North Carolina 31-28 Upset of No. 4 Miami. North Carolina #39;s Scott Brumett (87) runs past Miami players Greg Threat (5) and Tavares Gooden (52) for a 18 
For Statham, Sweet Vindication By the time Joel Statham walked into the Gossett Team House cafeteria around 8 pm last night, the delirious crowd had dispersed from the Byrd Stadium field.
Japan Vows to Stay in Iraq After Hostage Beheaded A Japanese hostage has been beheaded in Iraq, Japanese officials said on Sunday, but Tokyo vowed it would keep its troops in the country on their reconstruction mission.
Taliban Faction Threatens to Kill 3 UN Workers A breakaway faction of the Taliban movement on Saturday provided the first direct proof that it was holding three UN workers who were abducted last Thursday at gunpoint.
Poisonous gas gush kills 15 miners A miner survived is examined at a hospital in Fushun, city of northeast China #39;s Liangning Province, Oct. 30, 2004. A sudden poisonous gas gushed at an operation platform of the Xilutian Mine of Fushun Coal Industry Corp.
Communists in India oppose fuel price increase NEW DELHI: A key communist ally of Indias Congress party-led coalition urged the government on Friday not to raise retail prices of petroleum products if possible despite soaring global oil prices.
Apple shares show no signs of falling Apple Computer #39;s stock has continued to soar along with sales of its iPod digital music player, topping \$50 a share for the first time in four years.
Liga Sat. Wrap: Barca Draw As Valencia Crisis Continues Barcelona were unable to completely rebound from their midweek Copa del Rey fiasco as they were held to a 1-1 draw in Bilbao. Sameul Etoo had given the Catalans the lead on 11 minutes with a nicely taken shot that hammered in the net at the far post.
No Going-Away Party JACKSONVILLE - University of Florida football players went to Alltel Stadium on Saturday to win one for their coach. Florida #39;s 31-24 loss to 10th- ranked Georgia featured everything the Gators #39; frustrated 
Nalbandian vs. Novak in Swiss final David Nalbandian of Argentina reached his third straight Swiss Indoors final, setting up a title match against Jiri Novak and keeping alive his chance for a spot in the season-ending Tennis Masters Cup in Houston.
Terps Catch Seminoles By Surprise COLLEGE PARK, Md. - Florida State coach Bobby Bowden had seen enough trouble the previous two times his Seminoles strayed from home this season to know they weren #39;t invincible.
US Airways Watch US Airways Chief Executive Officer Bruce Lakefield acknowledged in a message to employees yesterday that there is  quot;anger, quot;  quot;fear quot; and  quot;a lot of sadness quot; among workers forced to take a 21 percent pay cut over the next four months.
Study Finds Warming Trend in Arctic Linked to Emissions The first thorough assessment of a decadeslong Arctic warming trend shows the region is undergoing profound changes, including sharp retreats of glaciers and sea ice, thawing of permafrost 
Moon puts on total spectacle BALTIMORE - Astronomy buffs and amateur skywatchers turned out to watch a total lunar eclipse Wednesday night -he last one Earth will get for nearly 2 1/2 years.
Yankees sort through wreckage Three things all Yankees baseball people were on the same page about at their Tampa meeting with George Steinbrenner: 1) Going for Carlos Beltran.
Nine Marines dead, deadly explosion rips Baghdad NEAR FALLUJAH, Iraq - Nine Marines killed in Iraq Saturday, eight of them in a car-bombing near Fallujah. That #39;s the heaviest toll on American fighters in about six months.
Rwanda sends reinforcements to African Union mission in Darfur EL FASHER, Sudan, Oct 30 (AFP) -- Sixty-five Rwandan troops arrived in the the Darfur town of El Fasher as part of a growing African Union (AU) military mission charged with monitoring a shaky ceasefire in the troubled region of western Sudan, an AFP 
Funeral held for mother, daughter killed in landslide NIIGATA - About 200 mourners attended the funeral Saturday for a mother and daughter killed in a landslide following powerful earthquakes Oct 23 in Niigata Prefecture.
Japan Confirms Japanese Hostage in Iraq Beheaded Japan #39;s government on Sunday said it is now certain that a 24-year-old Japanese backpacker taken hostage in Iraq has been killed.
Anwar supporters defy police ban to welcome him home to Malaysia KUALA LUMPUR : Hundreds of supporters defied a police ban to welcome former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim at the airport on his arrival home after back surgery in Germany.
Checking system going all-electronic Changes are bringing Americans closer to a checkless society -- changes that could be costly if you aren #39;t careful. The first checks in the United States were 
Paterno second-guessing field goal COLUMBUS - Penn State coach Joe Paterno has had his share of second-guessers of late. And after a 21-10 loss to Ohio State, he added his name to the list.
Schilling makes pitch on behalf of president Apparently Curt Schilling doesn #39;t regret his endorsement of President Bush related, bio after all: The Sox hero has recorded automated phone calls backing Bush that will be made until Election Day.
Third quarter was good Do you want to see healthy economic growth, with low inflation and low unemployment rates? Then look outside your window. According to the scorekeepers at the Bureau of Economic Analysis, the 
Wall Street:  #39;Cheap oil age #39; may be at end The world #39;s oil supply is expected to be stretched thin for another two to three years, even as demand tapers off and the industry gears up for an exploration and production spending spree in 2005.
China cracks down on Net CHINA has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100 million yuan (6.5m) for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government revealed yesterday.
North Carolina stuns unbeaten Miami 31-28 on last-second field &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When it mattered most, when Miami needed one defensive stand to force overtime, the Hurricanes simply couldn #39;t do it. That fact, perhaps as much as a loss that might have taken them 
Mauresmo, Bovina set to meet in Generali final  Generali Ladies Open: Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo rallied past Jelena Jankovic 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 yesterday to advance to the final in Linz, Austria, against Elena Bovina.
Los Angeles Advances to MLS Western Final Los Angeles Galaxy #39;s Cobi Jones, top, and Colorado Rapids #39; Ricky Lewis watch Jones #39; shot on goal during the first half of a playoff match Saturday night, Oct. 30, 2004, in Carson, Calif.
Beheaded Japanese hostage found Japan #39;s Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura has confirmed a headless body found Saturday in Baghdad is that of Japanese hostage Shosei Koda.
In Uruguay, leftists hope for historic presidential election win MONTEVIDEO : Uruguay #39;s leftist parties for the first time are heavily favored to end a 179-year conservative lock on the presidency in Sunday #39;s elections in this South American nation plagued by growing poverty.
Riding China #39;s Rising Boat Brad Kinkelaar, whose mutual fund ranks among the top 15 percent in the United States this year, is depending on dividends from shipping port operators in China to help propel his investment returns.
Wal-Mart same-store sales up 2.8 Wal-Mart Stores said Saturday that shopping traffic dropped in the past week as it estimated October same-store sales growth at 2.8 percent.
Berkshire Hathaway plans to write \$1 billion in premiums SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Warren Buffett, the world #39;s second-richest man, is targeting California workers #39; compensation insurance; betting recent reforms will make the ailing market more profitable.
No decision on price hike of fuels: Aiyar: Business India: New Delhi, Oct 30 : The government Saturday deferred a decision on the issue of hiking prices of petroleum products.
Private pension firms find Asia a draw, with risks Insurers and fund managers are set to cash in on Asia #39;s private pension industry, which is expected to grow nearly four-fold in 10 years as the world #39;s most populous region grows older.
Courses to help teach you BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Total assets of the 143 US-listed exchange-traded funds were \$180.8 billion in September, the Investment Company Institute reported on Friday.
5th China air show to open next week Thirty-two countries and regions will participate the Fifth China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition, opening Nov. 1 in Zhuhai, a city in south China #39;s Guangdong Province.
Football: Barcelona held 1-1 at Athletic Bilbao Barcelona were held to a one-all draw at Athletic Bilbao on Saturday, but the result still increases their lead at the top of the Spanish Primera Liga to six points - for a day at least.
Canes blow into Chapel Hill Teams around the Atlantic Coast Conference are getting to know about first-place Miami in a hurry. This week, the Hurricanes take their act to North Carolina, returning to the Triangle a week after defeating North Carolina State.
Buttiglione bows out from EU commission line-up ROME (AFP) - Rocco Buttiglione, who brought EU affairs to a halt with his views that homosexuality is a sin and that women should stay home looking after children, said that he was stepping down as candidate to become the new European commissioner for 
Joy and tragedy of oldest ever royal THE oldest British Royal in history, Princess Alice, the Duchess of Gloucester, has died at the age of 102 after a life that mixed both adventure and personal tragedy.
Botswana election results delayed Results from Botswana #39;s parliamentary election on Saturday will emerge later than expected, officials said on Sunday, but the poll is still expected to return President Festus Mogae #39;s party to power.
Union urges OK of accord Delta Air Lines can shift more flying to regional jets but also will have to give furloughed pilots first crack at any new jobs that result, under the tentative agreement union members begin voting on Monday.
Petrol, diesel prices likely to be raised Public sector oil companies have in the first seven months of the current fiscal lost Rs 3,646 crore on selling petrol and diesel below the imported cost.
Money Funds Fell in Latest Week Assets of the nation #39;s retail money market mutual funds fell by \$4.03 billion in the latest week to \$828.98 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
China May Need More Rate Increases to Contain Economy Economists say China may need to raise interest rates again in the coming months as it struggles to cool its economy and move toward free-market banking reforms.
China to showcase military might in air show China will showcase a range of advanced military hardware, including missiles and satellites, at a major air show and exhibition in southern China next week, state media reported Saturday.
Golf: Vijay Singh leads Chrysler Championship Vijay Singh, in his quest to surpass ten million dollars in winnings this year, leads the Chrysler Championship by one stroke over Tommy Armour III after three rounds.
Mauresmo and Bovina advance to Generali final Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France came back from a set down to beat Serb Jelena Jankovic 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 Saturday and reach the final of the \$585,000 Generali Ladies Open at the Intersport Arena.
Heels shock Miami CHAPEL HILL - It took less than three minutes for the goalposts to come down and on the eve of Halloween, the Tar Heels served a special brew to the Miami Hurricanes.
No. 2 Sooners survive scare, top Oklahoma St. Bob Stoops grinned. Because that #39;s what you do when you #39;re holding all the aces. His No. 2 Oklahoma Sooners survived a gripping 38-35 decision over Oklahoma State on Saturday 
Bombs Hit Marines, Iraq TV Office Description: Separate car bombs kill eight Marines near Fallujah and at least seven people at the Al Arabiya television office in Baghdad.
Cambodia Crowns Former Dancer New King King Norodom Sihamoni, right, prays to Buddhist monks after the bathing ceremony at the Royal Palace in Phnom Penh Friday, Oct. 29, 2004.
Pakistan, India must step back on Kashmir: Musharraf: World News: Islamabad, Oct 30 : Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf Saturday said a solution to the dragging Kashmir dispute could be found only if India and Pakistan agreed to move beyond their stated positions on the issue.
UN sends nuclear inspectors to S. Korea SEOUL, South Korea -- The United Nations nuclear watchdog will send a group of inspectors to South Korea this week to help it complete a report in November on Seoul #39;s secret past nuclear experiments, a South Korean official said Sunday.
Canada foresees record drilling CALGARY, ALBERTA - The number of oil and gas wells to be drilled in Canada next year could climb 8 percent to a record because of a surge in coal-bed methane activity, the oil-field service industry predicted last week.
Eight Marines killed in bombing in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - In the bloodiest day for the US military in Iraq since May, eight Marines were killed and nine more were wounded yesterday outside Fallujah, where a major US assault on the rebel city seemed imminent.
Rebels threaten to kill kidnapped election workers A militant group claiming to have kidnapped three foreign election workers in Afghanistan told news agencies Saturday that the hostages would be killed unless all Taliban 
Shell is doing things by halves in going Dutch ROYAL Dutch Shells dual structure has been blamed for troubles ranging from poor management to dodgy oil reserve accountancy. So its decision to meet shareholder criticisms by unifying its two holding companies 
Titan #39;s complex and strange world revealed Two days after Cassini #39;s close encounter with Titan captured the first ever close-up images, it is becoming clear that Saturn #39;s giant moon is a complex and strange world.
New tech tricks caller ID New technology can trick a caller ID box into displaying the name and phone number of an entirely different person or company than the one actually calling.
Parade of idiots I hate parades. Hate em. I guess I never really got the point. On the excitement scale theyre right up there with walking through your average suburban mall.
Instant Analysis: Upsets  amp; more When a huge upset happens, the easy tendency is to assume that the game was a fluke, that if repeated several times, the result would be drastically different.
Expect a Classic shootout The \$14 million Breeders #39; Cup at Lone Star Park today shapes up like a  quot;Texas shootout, quot; according to the Daily Racing Form.
After decades of longing, generations can rejoice At 11:33 am yesterday, in a mist of rain and confetti, a boy and his father watched history being made. The boy was 45 years old, his dad 77.
Fly me to the moon  Titan that is Trina Ray admitted she was kind of a science geek back at Corvallis High School. But now, at 37, she #39;s getting the payoff for spending much of her teenage years in the lab.
Bush #39;s bold space policy The election on Nov. 2 will have many far-reaching implications, not the least of which is mankind #39;s fledgling reach into space.
Galloping  #39;Ghost #39; brightens Frankel #39;s view of Breeders #39; For Bobby Frankel, the melancholy prince of New York adrift in a strange place called Texas, the day was neither sunny nor gray. Bobby was neither in heaven nor hell, but in something akin to purgatory.
Statham finally comes through Joel Statham #39;s midseason woes were forgotten yesterday after he led Maryland to a 20-17 victory over Florida State. By becoming the first Terrapins quarterback to beat the Seminoles in 15 meetings 
 #39;He Believed He Was Everything #39; During most of last Thursday Yasir Arafat wouldn #39;t hear of leaving his West Bank headquarters for medical treatment abroad. Though he #39;d lost consciousness the day before and couldn 
Anwar kicks off political comeback with vow to fight for democracy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Malaysia #39;s most charismatic opposition figure Anwar Ibrahim _ released two months ago from jail _ kicked off his political comeback effort Sunday by vowing to restart a campaign for democratic reforms.
NYSE seat not what it used to be A New York Stock Exchange membership was sold at the lowest price in nine years and a one-year lease on a seat dropped to a 13-year low, reflecting the decline in income on the floor.
NASA to relaunch space mission The United States is to resume its space shuttle program next year after the Columbia shuttle tragedy in 2003. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or NASA, announced 
ASHADO WINS FOR PLETCHER Horseplayers started the Breeders #39; Cup with a bang heard round the nation #39;s betting parlors when Ashado, the unwavering favorite, trounced a smart field to win the \$1 million Distaff.
NCAA Game Summary - Arizona State At California Berkeley, CA -- JJ Arrington ran for 188 yards and a touchdown on 30 carries to lead seventh-ranked California over 20th-ranked Arizona State, 27-0, at Memorial Stadium.
Ukraine faces milestone election It was a carefully scripted moment when Russian President Vladimir Putin began quoting Taras Shevchenko, this country #39;s 19th-century bard, during a live television 
NOT PLAYING GAMES IT #39;S that time of year for beautiful autumn foliage, crisp air and violent carjackings. Don #39;t adjust your PS2 or Xbox for the next few months, because video games are giving a whole new meaning to the word  quot;fall.
Greene hooks up with Pope for big plays When Leonard Popes 6-foot-7, 250-pound frame is running down the field, Georgia quarterback David Greene cant resist. Thatsa big weapon, Greene a South Gwinnett said.
UPSET WIN IS  #39;TALK #39; OF TRACK In one of the biggest upsets -nd most controversial finishes  -the year, a 27-1 betting orphan named Better Talk Now won the \$2 million Breeders #39; Cup Turf 
Indira Gandhi remembered New Delhi - Indians from all walks of life led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and ruling Congress party president Sonia Gandhi Sunday paid tribute to former premier Indira Gandhi on the 20th anniversary of her assassination.
ISS positive on Harmony and Gold Fields merger Harmony Gold Mining Co. (HMY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (HARJ.J: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc.
AMD Introduces Low-Cost Net Access Device in India US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has introduced a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader #39;s bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
ASU offense is a no-show vs. Cal BERKELEY, Calif. - Arizona State rediscovered its defense Saturday night only for the offense to go AWOL. Losing four fumbles, after coughing up none in its first seven games, the 20th-ranked Sun Devils lost 27-0 to No.
DETTORI-LED WILKO RUNS PAST YOUNG FIELD AT 28-1 Roger, wilco and out went enough Breeders #39; Cup Pick 6 tickets to burn down Lone Star Park yesterday when Euro-invader Wilko, dismissed at 28-1 in a field of eight, rolled 
Koda #39;s wrapped in US flag BAGHDAD - The decapitated body of 24-year-old Japanese backpacker Shosei Koda was left discarded in a field near what is known as a stronghold of anti-American insurgent forces in central Baghdad Saturday night, according to local police.
Caller ID spoof masks real callers New technology can trick US caller-ID services into displaying someone else #39;s name and telephone number, the Washington Post reported Saturday.
China air show to begin Thirty-two countries and regions are scheduled to participate in the Fifth China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition Monday in Zhuhai, China.
Saturn #39;s moon Titan may offer huge clues to Earth #39;s evolution With a whole universe to explore and dozens of potential targets in the solar system to examine in closer detail, spending \$3.3 billion on an 11-year 
PSP price drops Sony had some welcome news for consumers this week, announcing the Japanese price for its new PlayStation Portable system will be a lower-than-expected 19,800 yen (\$228 Cdn).
VSNL And AMD Launch The Personal Internet Communicator VSNL, Indias largest telecommunications service provider, a member of TATA group of companies and AMD (NYSE: AMD) today launched the Personal Internet Communicator (PIC), a high-quality, affordable, and easy-to-use, consumer device that will help 
Roundup: Singh overcomes bogeys, takes lead The final full-field event of the PGA Tour season is supposed to be all about money. It is fitting that the player with the most of it -ijay Singh  -in control at the Chrysler Championship.
Agassi advances to final of Stockholm Open STOCKHOLM, Sweden (Ticker) - Top seed Andre Agassi advanced to the final of the Stockholm Open on Saturday. Seeking his second title of the year, Agassi edged No.
South Korea #39;s Grace Park wins CJ Nine Bridges Classic Grace Park shot a 7-under 65 Sunday to win the CJ Nine Bridges Classic, beating top-ranked Annika Sorenstam by five strokes. Park, the South Korean star coming off a final-round collapse two weeks ago in the 
California Blackout Sure, California quarterback Aaron Rodgers and running back JJ Arrington get the lion share of the publicity for the Golden Bears.
9 MARINES SLAIN Nine Marines were killed yesterday and nine injured when their convoy was hit by a car bomber in the deadliest attack on US troops in Iraq since May.
Ukraine #39;s presidential election begins Ukrainians began casting their ballot Sunday in the presidential election to choose a successor to President Leonid Kuchma. A total of 24 candidates were on the ballot to succeed 
Terps snap Seminole hex COLLEGE PARK, Md. -- Joel Statham threw for 333 yards and ran for a score, and Maryland held on to beat fifth-ranked Florida State, 20-17, yesterday.
Eight Marines dead in suicide car bombing A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb yesterday next to a US military convoy west of Baghdad, killing eight Marines and wounding nine.
Relatives, Muslim groups appeal for release of Sri Lankan hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; COLOMBO : Relatives of Sri Lankan truck driver Dinesh Dharmendran Rajaratnam appealed to his captors in Iraq to free him, saying he had been forced to work there by his Kuwaiti employer.
Insurance probe doesn #39;t frighten Century Shares Lanny Thorndike, whose Century Shares Trust mutual fund has about one-third of its assets in insurance stocks, is keeping his investments in Marsh  amp; McLennan and American International Group 
Judge OKs settlement in AT amp;T Wireless case A judge has approved a \$3.75 million settlement in a class-action lawsuit challenging billing practices at AT amp;T Wireless Services, the Redmond-based company that was acquired last week by Cingular Wireless of Atlanta.
Tough lessons shape Ford #39;s  #39;green #39; vision Ford Motor Co. #39;s push to polish its blue oval green amounts to more than launching the nation #39;s first hybrid SUV and planting grass on an assembly plant roof.
MSU med school plan to move has flaws, study says MSU #39;s plan to move its medical school to west Michigan is impractical and too costly, according to a report that lays out an alternative arrangement.
Fuel Prices Likely To Go Up From Tomorrow New Delhi, Oct. 31(NNN): As international oil prices continued to soar, petrol and diesel prices are likely to be hiked from Monday (November 1).
Good Times, bad Times? We #39;ll soon find out Tomorrow, in a sudden sweep of decision-making, the Times waves goodbye to broadsheet life forever. No more two-version publication, no more broadsheets on Saturday.
Broussard gives LSU leg up BATON ROUGE, La. -- Alley Broussard ran for 80 yards and a touchdown, spearheading a strong game by No. 19 Louisiana State in a 24-7 victory over Vanderbilt last night.
Yanukovych votes  quot;for Ukraine #39;s future quot; KYIV. Oct 31 (Interfax-Ukraine) - Ukrainian presidential candidate, Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych said he has  quot;cast his ballot for the future of Ukraine.
Polish hostage in Iraq pleads for life-Video The Polish woman held hostage in Iraq appeared in a new video, aired on Al-Jazeera satellite channel, pleading her nation to withdraw troops from the country and the release of women prisoners to save her life.
Pilots #39; pact may benefit Comair If Delta Air Lines #39; pilots approve contract concessions, they will be letting the company #39;s regional subsidiaries and affiliates operate almost three times as many 70-seat regional jets as before.
Presidential election effect on stocks is stuff of legends Throughout history, who moves in and who moves out of the White House has moved stocks on Wall Street. With the neck-and-neck presidential race between President Bush and John Kerry nearing the 
For ATA, it all boils down to cash While the entire airline industry #39;s finances are under water, ATA Airlines will have to hold its breath longer than its competitors to keep from going belly up.
Dow Industrial Stocks Fall in Europe; Exxon Slips (Correct) (Corrects to show two-day gain was most in more than a year in first paragraph.). By Margo Towie. Oct. 28 (Bloomberg) -- Dow Jones Industrial Average stocks fell in Europe after the index #39;s biggest two-day gain in almost a year and a half.
GOING OFF ON THE WRONG FOOT PULLMAN - Last week, in studying USC game film, Cougar coaches thought they found a chink in the national champions armor. And not just any chink - one with the potential, right from the get go, to 
Three and out JACKSONVILLE - The players pinned buttons to their Gator blue wind suits that read:  quot;Another level. quot;. They wore gray T-shirts with the words  quot;Pride Out quot; on the front and  quot;Coaches, Team, Family, quot; on the back.
MARYLAND 20, NO.5 FLORIDA STATE 17 UM - Nick Novak 43-yard field goal, 5:39. Maryland 3, Florida State 0. Drive: 8 plays, 68 yards, 3:37. Key play: Joel Statham connected on consecutive passes to Josh Allen for 29 yards and Danny Melendez for 39 yards.
Edwards catches MSU Twelfth-ranked Michigan, trailing 27-10 with a little less than nine minutes left in the game, stormed back to win in thrilling, edge-of-your-seat fashion, 45-37 in triple overtime Saturday at Michigan Stadium.
Japan vows troops will stay in Iraq after 24-year-old hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi vowed on Sunday that Japanese troops would continue their domestically unpopular mission in Iraq after Islamic militants demanding a pullout killed a 24-year-old Japanese tourist.
Eight US marines killed in Iraq Eight US marines are reported to have been killed and at least nine are said to be injured during an attack west of Baghdad. The US military gave no details on the deaths, which it said occurred in the western 
Agassi on track for 60 Local favourite Thomas Johansson is the last man standing between Andre Agassi and the 60th title of his career as the pair head into the final of the Stockholm Open.
Mental miscues hurt the Gators Flinching in the trenches, holding around quarterback Chris Leak and even a late hit by punter Eric Wilbur plagued Florida throughout the game.
Ashado stakes claim as top 3-year-old filly Ashado for 3-year-old filly champion. No doubt about it, after her winning the Breeders #39; Cup Distaff here yesterday. The Kentucky Oaks heroine had gone through a summer 
The masters of spin win again with point system Given the proper amount of time, NASCAR would not only have convinced the emperor of the fineness of his new clothes but also have sold him a matching handbag and a pair of six-inch heels.
Palestinians meet, show solidarity Senior Palestinian figures gathered at Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound on Saturday to show that the Palestinian leadership was still functioning.
Anwar thanks Malaysian PM for release The former deputy prime minister of Malaysia, Anwar Ibrahim, has addressed hundreds of supporters who gathered outside his home after he returned from surgery in Germany.
Philippine envoy in Kabul to seek release of hostage The Philippine government said on Sunday that the Philippine envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan, Jorge Arizabal, is now in Kabul to coordinate with UN officials and Afghan authorities 
New law: Check 21 speeds up check processing It is two days before payday and you are almost out of gas. To pay for it, you write a check. You hope it takes two or three days before it hits your bank, and by then, your paycheck will be deposited.
Park takes victory in South Korea South Korea #39;s Grace Park shot a seven-under-par 65 to triumph at the CJ Nine Bridges Classic on Sunday. Park #39;s victory made up her final-round collapse at the Samsung World Championship two weeks ago.
Buttiglione bows out to resolve EU crisis Rocco Buttiglione, the Italian nominee to the European Commission whose views on homosexuality resulted in an impasse with MEPs, yesterday decided to step aside.
Pitcairn Island mayor sacked PITCAIRN Island mayor Steve Christian has been sacked after being sentenced to three years #39; jail for sex abuse crimes, British High Commission spokesman Bryan Nicolson said in Wellington today.
China opposes US import limits on cotton trousers Beijing, Oct. 31. (PTI): China has asked the US not to  quot;sabotage quot; booming bilateral trade ties by limiting imports of cotton trousers made by manufacturers of the Communist nation.
Singh poised for history The No. 1 player takes the Chrysler lead and is in position to tie Tiger Woods for victories in a season. By BOB HARIG, Times Staff Writer.
Job is gone, but pride isn #39;t Battered and beaten, Ron Zook jogged away from another disappointment Saturday evening. Once again, the ache was chiseled into the lines across his face, from the tightness 
QB controversy? Give Bowden few minutes Florida State coach Bobby Bowden didn #39;t play along when asked after Saturday #39;s game if there is a quarterback controversy brewing in Tallahassee.
Stargazers Enjoy Total Lunar Eclipse The full moon turns red and orange as it passes the Space Needle in Seattle during a total lunar eclipse Wednesday evening, Oct. 27, 2004.
Thai officials placate south with release of prisoners Thailand #39;s prime minister announced yesterday that hundreds of Muslims detained after a riot in the country #39;s restive south would be freed, in a bid to ease tensions over the deaths of 85 accused rioters - including 78 who died in military custody.
CPM asks govt to delay fuel price hike The CPM has reportedly told the government to delay the decision to hike petrol and diesel prices till after the US elections. However, the Left has already indicated that it is not averse to a hike since there is no real alternative.
China closes 1,600 Internet cafes China closed down 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August and imposed 100 million yuan, or 12 million US dollars, worth of fines for allowing children to play violent or adult-only games and other violations.
Park wins CJ Nine Bridges in a rout Jeju Island, South Korea (Sports Network) - Local favorite Grace Park birdied three of her final four holes Sunday to pull away and win the CJ Nine Bridges Classic by five strokes.
Zook #39;s Gators didn #39;t give up This will go down as another tough loss for Ron Zook, the beleaguered Florida head coach who was fired on Monday. Another punch in the gut.
Jayasuriya gets his ton as Lankans battle on Karachi - Sanath Jayasuriya hit his 14th Test hundred as Sri Lanka reached 234 for two at lunch on the fourth day of the second Test against Pakistan on Sunday.
French doctors check Arafat for virus French doctors are checking Yasser Arafat for viral infection after tests ruled out leukaemia and any other life-threatening illness, aides to the Palestinian leader said today.
Parents of beheaded man in shock NOGATA, Fukuoka -- The elder brother of the Japanese man found murdered in Baghdad said his parents were unable to respond when a city official visited on Sunday due to shock.
Polish Hostage in Iraq Pleads for Her Life, Al-Jazeera Reports A Polish hostage kidnapped in Iraq this week pleaded the Polish government comply with her captors #39; demands to withdraw its troops from Iraq to save her life, al- Jazeera reported, citing a videotape.
15 People Wounded in Chechen Car Bombing Fifteen people were wounded early Sunday outside a hospital in the Chechen capital in a car bombing that apparently targeted the security service headed by the 
Iranian parliament passes bill backing uranium enrichment TEHERAN - The Iranian parliament on Sunday passed a bill backing the resumption of uranium enrichment, just as the international community is pushing Tehran to end the practice permanently.
Humans are getting taller, but we still weigh too much How interesting it is that scientists have discovered another species of human - an 18,000-year-old skeleton named Homo floresiensis that has been described as  quot;hobbit-sized.
Japan mourning the death of Iraq hostage Japan on Sunday denounced the beheading of a Japanese hostage in Iraq after a day that saw the heaviest United States casualties for six months and the bloodiest attack on a media organisation since the start of the war.
Kidnapped Briton gets Afghan deadline Militants holding a Briton and two other foreign UN workers in Afghanistan have threatened to kill them unless all Taliban and al Qaeda prisoners are released from US 
Blair launches ad blitz for early polls British Prime Minister Tony Blair is planning to call general elections in February, ahead of schedule, to maximise his present opinion poll advantage over his opponents.
New Net domains near approval com October 29, 2004, 10:41 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Voting opens in Ukraine election (12:20 PST) KIEV: Voting began Sunday in Ukraine #39;s presidential elections, seen as a critical test for the future of democratic development in the former Soviet state, a foreign news agency reported.
Video Shows UN Hostages in Afghanistan Three people believed to be the UN hostages seized by militants in Afghanistan have appeared in a video shown by Arabic TV Al-Jazeera.
It #39;s never too early to be thinking about retirement -- just ask &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Banks can destroy checks: The new law, known as Check 21, allows banks to destroy original paper checks and to convert them into digitized equivalents.
Aon sees profit dip in 3Q Aon Corp. said Thursday its third-quarter earnings fell because of  quot;softening market conditions quot; that, along with the halt of contingent commissions, led it withdraw its guidance for the full year.
China #39;s rate rise not enough: expert An economist has warned that China did not raise its interest rates enough to curb inflation, the China Daily reported. Tang Min, chief economist with the resident mission 
China Closes 1,600 Internet Cafes In Crackdown China shut 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August and imposed \$12.1 million worth of fines for allowing children to play violent or adult-only games and other violations, state media said.
Nano-Engineers in Singapore Create Drug-Delivery Contact Lenses To &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thanks to a group of nano-engineers in Singapore who have created contact lenses that release controlled doses of drugs, you may be able to treat your glaucoma or other eye diseases simply by wearing their lenses.
Chelsea have destroyed me complains Mutu Disgraced Romanian striker Adrian Mutu on Sunday blasted Premiership side Chelsea for their haste in sacking him after testing positive for a banned substance.
NEXTEL CUPCHASE FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP HAMPTON, Ga. - With an eye toward a tight championship battle and hopes for added interest as the racing season wound down, NASCAR introduced a new points format to decide its Nextel Cup title this year.
Peacekeepers airlifted into Darfur The first Rwandan peacekeeping troops have been airlifted into the Sudanese region of Darfur aboard two US transport planes. Sixty-five Rwandan officers and soldiers arrived with their supplies.
Pakistan has not given up stand on Kashmir: Musharraf Islamabad, October 31: In the face of strong domestic criticism over his new formula to resolve Kashmir problem with India, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said that Pakistan has not given up its principled stand on the issue and a solution could be 
AROUND THE HORN This season on the PGA Tour, there #39;s Vijay Singh and everyone else. Singh-who shot a 4-under 67 yesterday for a 201 total and leads Tommy Armour III by one shot at the Chrysler Championship- already has won 
Owners turn Singletary into party animal Singletary #39;s owners didn #39;t wear their Chicago Bears jerseys to Lone Star Park to watch the colt run in the \$1.5 million Breeders #39; Cup Mile on Saturday, trainer Don Chatlos 
Japanese troops to stay in Iraq The Japanese government says it is undeterred in its fight against terrorism, following the killing of a Japanese hostage in Iraq.
Ukrainian Voting to Be Closely Watched Ukrainians voted Sunday in a presidential election viewed as a test of democracy in the former Soviet republic and an indicator of whether it will move closer to the West or cultivate its historically close ties to Russia.
Iranian Lawmakers OK Uranium Enrichment Iranian lawmakers stand up to show their  quot;yes quot; vote to approve the outline of a bill that requires the government to resume uranium enrichment - an issue of national pride that provides a rare point of agreement between conservatives and reformers in 
Deadliest day for US in 6 months Eight Marines were killed and nine others wounded west of the capital on Saturday when a suicide car bomb rammed into their convoy, military officials said, making it the deadliest day for the US forces in half a year.
Online companies facing huge losses in battling Web extortion So when he got an e-mail from gangsters threatening to bring his online sports betting operation to its knees, he paid up. Before long, though, the thugs wanted \$40,000.
Info.com: Consumer Focused Meta Search Recently, a new meta search engine was launched under the name of Info.com. For those unaware, meta search engines pool the results of other search engines (Google, Yahoo) into a single result set.
Forsyth leading Volvo Masters SOTOGRANDE, Spain -- Alastair Forsyth shot a 4-under 67 to open a three-stroke lead over Ian Poulter and Sergio Garcia after three rounds at the Volvo Masters.
Sri Lanka edge ahead against Pakistan Sri Lanka erased a 270-run deficit against Pakistan and took a lead of 25 runs with seven second-innings wickets still in hand on the fourth day of the second and final Test on Sunday.
Gators, Zook Never Quit After Ron Zook was fired Monday as the University of Florida #39;s football coach, he agreed to stay on until the end of the season.
Seminoles Finally Fall Off Upset #39;s Edge The Maryland offense finally found its rhythm. Its fans found the field. The unranked Terrapins (4-4) dominated No. 5 Florida State #39;s ninthranked defense and held off the 
Japan to maintain troops in Iraq Japan has said it will keep its troops in Iraq, despite the beheading of a Japanese hostage by Islamic militants. Officials had earlier confirmed that a body found in Baghdad yesterday was that of Shosei Koda 
Iranian MPs approve uranium bill The Iranian parliament has passed the first stage of a bill which would force the government to resume its uranium enrichment programme.
Iranian bill backs nuke energy drive has passed a bill obliging the government to go on trying to develop a civilian nuclear energy programme. uranium enrichment or end snap UN inspections of atomic facilities as some lawmakers had called for.
Thumbthing For Everyone Thumbs. For centuries, they have conveyed the simplest of messages. Up/down, good/bad, salvation/lion chow. But look at the folks in the elevators, the checkout lines, even crawling along in traffic jams.
Japan vows to stay in Iraq despite killing BAGHDAD, Iraq - Japanese leaders on Sunday insisted they would not cut short their troops deployment in Iraq despite the discovery of the body of a Japanese backpacker killed by Islamic militants.
Hostage murder to hurt Koizumi JAPAN #39;S troop deployment in Iraq beyond December is at risk as Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi braces for a wave of public anger over the nightmare ending to the country #39;s second Baghdad hostage crisis.
Putin holds key to fate of Yukos The founder and chief executive of the largest private equity fund in Russia has said that the fate of Yukos stands entirely at the whim of President Vladimir Putin, but that 
AT amp;T Wireless Settles Lawsuit Over Billing Practices DENVER -- A Denver judge has approved a settlement in a class-action lawsuit challenging billing practices at AT amp;T Wireless. The settlement affects up to 3 million current and former subscribers, most of whom 
What we learned Oklahoma: The Sooners really miss Antonio Perkins. It #39;s an oversimplification, but one could argue that the absence of their star cornerback/punt returner, who #39;s out with a strained MCL, cost OU 21 points on Saturday.
Another chapter in TO saga When he sought to overturn the trade that sent him from San Francisco to Baltimore last March, Terrell Owens said there were several factors that led to his decision.
Mortars hit British army camp TWO mortars hit a military base in a restive region south of Baghdad today where a battle group of British soldiers has recently arrived, causing no casualties, a spokesman said.
Agassi Reaches Semifinals at Stockholm STOCKHOLM, Sweden Oct 29, 2004 - Top-seeded Andre Agassi beat Spain #39;s Fernando Verdasco 7-6 (4), 6-2 Friday to reach the Stockholm Open semifinals for the first time.
Eight Marines Killed as Fallujah Assault Looms BAGHDAD, 31 October 2004 - US troops prepared for a major assault to capture the rebel towns of Ramadi and Fallujah as eight Marines were killed yesterday in the bloodiest attack on American forces in Iraq in almost seven months.
European Leaders Sign EU Constitution EU Commission President designate Jose Manuel Durao Barroso, top left, delivers his address in Giulio Cesare hall at the opening ceremony of the EU Constitution signing in Rome #39;s Capitoline Hill, Friday, Oct. 29, 2004.
Iranian parliament approves uranium enrichment Iran #39;s parliament approved on Sunday an outline of a new bill obliging the government to resume uranium enrichment activities - which the country views as a national.
Philippine Govt to monitor UN hostage negotations in Afghanistan The Philippine government is sending a team to Afghanistan, to monitor United Nations efforts for the release of a Filipino and two other foreign nationals abducted in the capital, Kabul.
Airport stands to lose big if ATA departs With ATA Airlines having crash-landed into bankruptcy court last week, the future of the airlines Fort Wayne-to-Chicago air service isnt the only thing up in the air.
No increase in petrol, diesel prices New Delhi: Petrol and diesel prices will not be increased this fortnight. The government has decided to wait till the US presidential elections are over, official sources said.
President sees lead shrink on U of I Electronic Markets Iowa City, Ia. - President Bush #39;s lead in the University of Iowa-run Iowa Electronic Markets has shrunk in the past week with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry making a comeback among online investors, according to markets data on Friday.
Buttiglione Bows Out From EU Commission Line-up ROME, October 31 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Italian Rocco Buttiglione, whose remarks on homosexuality and the role of women sparked an uproar, said Saturday, October 30, he withdrew his candidacy as new European commissioner for justice 
Youzhny wins St Petersburg title Mikhail Youzhny won the second title of his career with a straightforward victory over Karol Beck in the final of the St Petersburg Open on Sunday.
Palestinian leaders give show of unity in Arafat #39;s absence Ramallah, West Bank - The Palestinian leadership held its first meeting Saturday since the departure of the ailing Yasser Arafat, putting on a show of unity to dispel concerns about possible chaos and infighting in his absence.
Japan says decapitated body is that of kidnapped tourist BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A decapitated body wrapped in an American flag and found in an insurgent-controlled section of Baghdad was that of a Japanese man kidnapped by Islamic militants, a Japanese official said Sunday.
Park Claims Title at CJ Nine Bridges CHEJU (Yonhap) - South Korean golfer Grace Park gave the home crowd exactly what they wanted at the \$1.35 million CJ Nine Bridges Classic on Sunday as a storming final round gave her a comfortable win.
Singletary executes Chatlos #39; plan, wins Cup race as 16-to-1 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When trainer Donald Chatlos brought Singletary to Bay Meadows to win the San Francisco Breeders #39; Cup Mile on April 24, it was part of a much bigger plan.
Sharon says ready to negotiate with new Palestinian leader Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Sunday that he was prepared to start negotiations with a new responsible Palestinian leader after Arafat #39;s departure, the Ha #39;aretz daily reported.
Shell bosses in a charm offensive THE senior management of Royal Dutch/Shell is starting a whirlwind tour of shareholders and staff. They aim to boost morale and explain plans to unify the company ahead of the vote on the shake-up at next May #39;s annual general meeting.
A Rising iPod Lifts All Boats the price is US\$29 for the six-pack, by the way -- to make much of a dent in the \$8.3 billion company #39;s bottom line. But dozens of 
UPDATE 1-Kenyon refutes criticism over Mutu sacking Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon has rejected criticism of his club #39;s decision to sack Romanian striker Adrian Mutu after he tested positive for cocaine earlier this month.
Steelers set their sights It usually comes down to one or two plays each Sunday, and for the last 13 months, the New England Patriots have made them all. Its an incredible feat, but one the Pittsburgh 
Iraq #39;s Patience Running Out in Fallujah Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, left, is seen during a meeting with Sunni Muslim clerics at his offices in Baghdad #39;s  quot;Green Zone quot;, Saturday Oct. 30, 2004.
Kaneria spins through Lankans Pakistani spinner Danish Kaneria has ripped through the Sri Lankan order taking five wickets on the fourth day of the second Test in Karachi.
Lessons Of The  #39;29 Crash ENTITLEMENT IS SOMETHING that investors today need to get over. Just because they #39;ve lost money on stocks in recent years doesn #39;t mean markets are destined to return soon to ever-higher levels.
China purge closes 1,600 net cafes China shut 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August and imposed 100 million yuan (\$12.1 million) worth of fines for allowing children to play violent or adult-only games and other violations, state media has said.
Online extortionists cripple e-commerce So when he got an e-mail from gangsters threatening to bring his online sports betting operation to its knees, he paid up. Before long, though, the thugs wanted \$40,000.
Grace Park leads them a merry dance in Korea Grace Park might have made a shaky start on day three of the CJ Nine Bridges event in Korea today, but by the time she had finished the only ones shaking were those who had to follow in her wake.
COL FB: California 27- Arizona State 0 JJ Arrington ran for 188 yards and a touchdown on 30 carries as the California Golden Bears shut out Arizona State, 27-0, in Berkeley, Calif.
Iran approves bill requiring government to resume uranium &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEHRAN, Iran - Parliament unanimously approved the outline of a bill Sunday forcing the government to resume enriching uranium, legislation likely to deepen an international dispute over Iran #39;s nuclear activities at a time when its chief negotiator gave 
Mauresmo powers to Linz victory Top seed Amelie Mauresmo won her fourth title of the year with a comprehensive victory over Elena Bovina at the Generali Open in Linz, Austria.
Spitzer A guerrilla fighting corruption Investors shrugged when state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Dec. 10, 2001, that he was investigating research at Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
Scientists hope to find more tiny hominids SYDNEY: Australian scientists who found a new species of hobbit-sized humans who lived about 13,000 years ago on an Indonesian island yesterday said they expect to discover more new species of hominids on neighbouring islands.
Kicker Treat: Heels boot Miami It was meant to bring a little levity to a potentially uncomfortable situation, a joke that John Bunting trotted out from time to time this fall.
Maryland football: Terps stun fifth-ranked Florida State As the Boston Red Sox buried decades of futility and anguish this week, the Maryland football program has slain its own mighty dragon.
NY voters react to bin laden video As Osama bin Laden surfaced on videotape for the first time in more than a year, New Yorkers responded to his blurry image with emotions ranging from fear to ambivalence.
Markets up when Democrats win A win by Democratic challenger John Kerry in next week #39;s US presidential election may give stocks a lift, if history is any guide.
Health Highlights: Oct. 31, 2004 A drug currently prescribed to combat advanced breast cancer can now be used to help prevent the disease from recurring in women who have been treated for early forms of the disease, the US Food and Drug Administration ruled Friday.
Space shuttle Enterprise takes center stage, at last CHANTILLY, VirginiaSpace shuttle Enterprise was born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride. Built in 1976 as one of the first trio of US shuttles, Enterprise never 
Newest GTA is sure to please and outrage Get some earplugs Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is hitting stores, and the sound from cash registers ringing up copies of the video game could be deafening.
China Closes 1,600  quot;Internet Bars quot; Kujila writes  quot;According to a Chinese Reuters article, China has closed close to 1,600  quot;Internet Bars quot; (probably the equivalent of  #39;Internet Cafes #39; stateside) and inflicted up to \$12.
High solar activity to last for few decades only: Technology India: London, Oct 31 : Scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Germany, who have reconstructed the sun #39;s activity over the last 11 millennia, have forecasted decreased activity within a few decades.
Vegetarians see red over Smarties colouring THERE are green ones, yellow ones and even blue ones. But how many beetle-coloured Smarties have you tried? Red Smarties get their bright colour from a dye made from dried and crushed insects.
Wenger ends Fergie war of words The United manager has claimed Wenger has a mental problem with Ruud van Nistelrooy and the striker says he is ready to sue the Arsenal boss for labelling him a  quot;cheat quot;.
Mauresmo thrashes Bovina to win Linz title France #39;s Amelie Mauresmo thrashed Elena Bovina 6-2 6-0 to win her fourth title of the year at the \$585,000 Linz Open on Sunday.
Read #39;s mega Diva dare OUTSPOKEN Darwin bookmaker Mark Read has challenged local bookmakers to bet him to win \$1 million on Makybe Diva at today #39;s Call Of The Card at Crown casino.
Zook, Gators frustrated again If you don #39;t care to wait for CSI: Gainesville to autopsy the career of Florida football coach Ron Zook, grab a tape of the Gators #39; 31-24 loss Saturday to archrival Georgia.
Local media turn on Ganguly INDIAN captain Sourav Ganguly has had his integrity questioned in an unsavoury aftermath to the series loss to Australia. Ganguly has worn continual allegations that his withdrawal 
Palestinians, Israelis meet to plan for Arafat #39;s absence Senior Palestinian and Israeli leaders held separate meetings Sunday to plan a path forward in the absence of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was being examined in a French hospital for an unknown ailment.
Rebels vow to use chemical weapons AS the US reeled from the death of nine marines in Iraq at the weekend, insurgents in Fallujah claimed to have obtained chemical weapons and threatened to use them in any battle for control of the rebel stronghold.
Newspapers report Blair may call election earlier than expected? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Tony Blair may call general elections in February 2005 instead of in May, as had been widely expected, two newspapers reported Sunday.
Wake-up call on terrorism AUSTRALIA needed to be doing more than giving out fridge magnets in the war against terror, Labor #39;s foreign affairs spokesman Kevin Rudd said yesterday.
Dow winds blow in favour of Kerry INVESTORS and traders lean to the Republicans, but the Dow is sending a signal that George W. Bush is going to lose office. Since 1904, the incumbent has failed to win re-election if the Dow falls by 0.5 per cent or more in October.
Kaneria gives Pakistan the edge Sri Lanka were 361 for seven in their second innings, a lead of 91, at close of play on the fourth day of the second Test against Pakistan at Karachi on Sunday.
Cruel Britannia as Rooney delivers WAYNE BENNETT thought it would take the Kangaroos 70 minutes to put Britain away in their Tri-Nations rugby league Test early yesterday morning (AEDT).
9 Marines killed in Iraq fighting NEAR FALLUJAH, Iraq - A car bomb killed eight US Marines outside Fallujah on Saturday, the deadliest attack against the US military in nearly six months.
Weld plays waiting game The Melbourne Cup is known as  #39;the race that stops a nation #39;, owing to its standing as Australia #39;s most popular horse race.
15 Iraqis, 9 US Marines killed in one of Bloodiest Day HILLA (Iraq): In a bloody day in Iraq, at least fifteen Iraqis died and another 20 were wounded in an exchange of gunfire south of Baghdad, hospital sources said, while the US military reported killing five suspected rebels during clashes.
Tokyo TV: Beheaded Japanese Hostage Found In Iraq TOKYO -- A report says the Japanese government has confirmed that a decapitated body found in Iraq is that of a Japanese man taken hostage by Islamic militants earlier this week.
Non-legendary little people We have grown taller and heavier since the 1960s, according to a new study, but compared with a newly discovered human species, we are really, really huge.
CRICKET: Pak in with chance to level series Leg-spinner Danish Kaneria claimed six wickets today to effect a Sri Lankan batting collapse and put Pakistan in a strong position heading into the final day of the second cricket Test.
Video shows UN Afghan hostages Three UN hostages seized by militants in Afghanistan have appeared in a video shown by the Arabic television channel al-Jazeera. The three seemed in good health in the video, in which their kidnappers called 
China continues internet crackdown Fines worth more than \$12 million US were imposed on those establishments that allowed children to play violent or adult-only games and for other violations.
Sudan, Darfur Rebels Fail to Agree on Security ABUJA, 31 October 2004 - Sudanese government delegates and Darfur rebels failed to reach agreement early yesterday on a draft security protocol aimed at breaking a deadlock at peace negotiations in Nigeria.
Japan denounces Iraq hostage death As Tokyo Correspondent Mark Simkin reports, the remains of Shosei Koda were found in Baghdad.  quot;The decapitated body was wrapped in an American flag.
Video of UN hostages telecast A video shown on Arabic television Sunday shows three people believed to be UN hostages who were seized by militants in Afghanistan.
17 Injured in Chechnya Car Bombing A car bomb exploded outside the Chechen capital #39;s main hospital Sunday, injuring 17 people in an attack apparently targeting members of a Chechen security force bringing in wounded from an earlier explosion, officials said.
Govt postpones fuel price hike A hike in petrol, diesel and cooking gas prices was postponed yet again by the government today. The decision was taken after pressure from the Left, which wanted the price hike to be put off till after the 
Johansson upsets Agassi to win Stockholm Open Sweden #39;s Thomas Johansson overcame the odds to beat top seed Andre Agassi 3-6 6-3 7-6 in a thriller to take his first title since the 2002 Australian Open.
Martin Triumphant in Catalunya Markko Martin won his second event in succession as he held off a late charge from Marcus Gronholm to come out on top in Rally Catalunya.
Is the Mainstream Ready for Linux? Research: Businesses are going open source, but OS may still be too technical for most users. The open-source operating system Linux may be gaining a lot of ground in the enterprise space, but Windows will 
Arafat: Doctors to Carry Out New Tests Having ruled out leukaemia, French doctors were trying for a third day to determine what was causing the dramatic deterioration in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats health.
Prime Minister Says Japan Remains  quot;Resolute quot; Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Sunday vehemently condemned the beheading of a young Japanese backpacker by Muslim extremists in Iraq while vowing that Japan would remain 
China closes 1,600 Internet cafes (OfficialWire) -- 10/31/04 -- Authorities in China have ordered more than 1,600 Internet cafes closed since February 2004, imposing more than 100 million yuan, or 
Compact format sign of Times The Times of London has published its final edition as a broadsheet newspaper. Today, it relaunches as a tabloid. The Times is the second British newspaper to move to a smaller, more commuter-friendly format in a bid to reverse slumping sales.
Americans on nerves #39; edge at risky post FALLUJAH - Any motorist who slows down is seen as a suspected suicide bomber. Fingers squeeze triggers at the slightest movement around nearby houses.
Shells Land Near Black Watch Base British soldiers in central Iraq and Basra came under renewed attack from insurgents yesterday, as British commanders set out in detail the role which the Black Watch regiment will play in the forthcoming assault US assault on Fallujah.
Car bomb targeting Chechen security force injures 15?(updated PM5 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car bomb exploded outside the Chechen capital #39;s main hospital Sunday, wounding 15 people in an attack apparently targeting members of a security force headed by the son of Chechnya #39;s slain Kremlin-backed president, emergency officials said.
Outage stops Kuwaiti oil flow Kuwait City - A power failure on Sunday affecting most of Kuwait forced a shutdown of the country #39;s three oil refineries, which could take two or three days to restart, but the nation #39;s energy minister said oil production would not be affected.
Apple Introduces the U2 iPod U2 and Apple Partnership Fuses Art &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Apple introduced the iPod U2 Special Edition as part of a partnership between Apple, U2 and Universal Music Group (UMG) to create innovative new products together for the new digital music era.
Rossi wins Valencia MotoGP Valencia, Spain - World champion Valentino Rossi of Italy won the MotoGP at the season-ending Valencia Grand Prix on Sunday, adding more glory to a fabulously successful year.
Cricket: Aussies crowing, Indians deathly quiet NAGPUR - The Indian dressing room was empty after stumps as the hooting and hollering from the Australian shed drifted over the Vidarbha Cricket Association ground.
Afghan Militants Threaten to Kill Foreign Hostages The kidnappers of three foreign election workers in Afghanistan say they will kill their hostages by Wednesday if a list of demands is not met.
Blair spokesman denies snap election report Downing Street has brushed aside reports that British Prime Minister Tony Blair has ordered a snap general election for February. The BBC reported Sunday a spokesman for Blair 
From black coffee to a green cause This makes all kinds of sense, for despite decades of hard work crunching numbers for movers (two transportation companies), shakers (two governors) and, since 1990, Starbucks, Orin Smith doesn #39;t have any plans to stand still.
Summer growth carries economy The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil prices and the Florida hurricanes, the government reported Friday.
New game from Wideload, Alex Seropian named, dated Stubbs the Zombie being built on top of the Halo engine; Aspyr pegs summer  #39;05 as day the bloody demon arrives. Exclusive screens, developer video inside.
Agassi loses Stockholm Open final Andre Agassi lost the Stockholm Open final in a third-set tibreaker to Sweden #39;s Thomas Johansson, who won 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (4) Sunday to capture this tournament for the second time.
Mutu  #39;Lied #39; - Chelsea Chief Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon today insisted his club had no option but to sack Adrian Mutu over his failed drugs test and denied there was any vendetta to force the Romanian striker out of Stamford Bridge.
Garcia and Poulter in play-off Ryder Cup team-mates Sergio Garcia and Ian Poulter went into a play-off for the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today after a tie on the seven-under-par mark of 277.
Surging Molik in another decider ADELAIDE-born Alicia Molik has reached her second WTA final in two weeks by thrashing third-seed Silvia Farina Elia in the semi-finals of the Luxembourg Open.
Apple introduces the U2 iPod Apple today introduced the iPod U2 Special Edition as part of a partnership between Apple, U2 and Universal Music Group (UMG) to create innovative new products together for the new digital music era.
Zombie Wideboy When Wideload Games - set up by Bungie founder Alexander Seropian - made themselves known, all they revealed was that they are working on a  quot;wildly innovative game quot; using the Halo engine.
Poulter celebrates at Valderrama Ian Poulter captured the Volvo Masters at Valderrama with a play-off victory against local favourite Sergio Garcia. Alistair Forsyth, three strokes ahead overnight, bogeyed the first two and was caught by an early Poulter birdie.
In-form Molik storms to second title in a week LUXEMBOURG (AFP) - Australia #39;s Alicia Molik, the second seed, stormed to her second title in a week with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Russian Dinara Safina at the 225,000-dollar (175,000 euro) WTA tournament here.
Iran backs enrichment as government demands commitments from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEHRAN (AFP) - Iran #39;s parliament passed a bill backing the resumption of uranium enrichment, as the government left the door open for further negotiations with Europe over the controversial practice.
No oil price hike, says Aiyar: Sports India, Cricket: New Delhi, Oct.31 : The Centre has decided that it will not hike oil prices inspite of the spiralling international cost of crude.
Titan: Where #39;s the Wet Stuff? One of NASA #39;s goals in sending Cassini on its 2-billion-mile journey to Saturn was to search for lakes of liquid hydrocarbon that scientists believe may exist on the surface of the planet #39;s moon Titan.
Baseball Beat: Red Sox just played much better Bee Staff Writer. hanks to all the emotion expended and frustration released by Boston finally shedding  quot;The Curse of the Bambino quot; and winning a World Series, the dubious quality in baseball #39;s 
Mauresmo dominates Linz final LINZ, Austria (Ticker) - Amelie Mauresmo will return to the top spot in the world rankings after breezing to her fourth title of the year Sunday.
Park hangs on to win Nine Bridges Entering the final round tied with Kate Golden with a two-stroke lead over the rest of the field, Park birdied eight holes to hold off Annika Sorenstam and defending champion Shi Hyun Ahn and win the \$1.
 quot;February election quot; report played down Downing Street has played down reports that the Prime Minister may call an early election in February. Most political commentators expect Mr Blair to seek a new mandate in May 2005 since to go to the polls 
Poulter pips Garcia in a play-off VALDERRAMA, Spain -- Britain #39;s Ian Poulter beat Ryder Cup team mate Sergio Garcia at the first hole of a sudden-death playoff to win the Volvo Masters in Valderrama.
Martin, the asphalt master ominant in Corsica, Markko Martin confirmed the Ford Focus #39; dominance on asphalt. The Estonian wins the 40th edition of the Rally Catalunya, followed by Marcus Gronholm in second place and Carlos Sainz in third position.
Schilling back in game for Bush The Red Sox right-hander has recorded automated phone calls that will be made in New Hampshire, Maine, and Pennsylvania through Tuesday, Election Day.
Wake Forest #39;s chances could rest on player with  #39;cat burglar #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One mention of the term  quot;crunch time quot; is enough to twist some players #39; stomachs into knots.  quot;That #39;s when it #39;s fun to me, quot; he said.
Iranian bill backs drive for nuclear energy (updated AM 00:29) To cries of  quot;Death to America quot; and  quot;God is Greatest quot;, Iran #39;s hardliner dominated parliament passed a bill on Sunday obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme.
AMD rolls out low-cost Net access device in India BOMBAY - US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
Palestinian officials say Arafat #39;s condition is curable, stable PARIS, Oct 31 (AFP) - Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s condition is curable and stable, officials said Sunday as French doctors tried to determine whether he is fit to stay on as Palestinian Authority president.
Stike threatens oil exports NIGERIAN workers would disrupt their country #39;s key oil exports of 2.5 million barrels per day with an indefinite general strike from November 16, the country #39;s top labour leader warned today.
S and P watching Shell for possible debt downgrade LONDON : Standard and Poor #39;s Ratings Services said it had its eye on Royal Dutch/Shell for a possible downgrade of the oil company #39;s debt rating in case of a further restatement of its reserves.
Indian Government moves to cushion oil shock for consumers The Indian government says it #39;ll keep the retail cost of petrol and diesel steady despite rising global crude oil prices. The announcement follows a series of weekend meetings between Prime Minister Manmohan 
Sunspots leave telltale marks in trees The Sun is in the thick of one of the longest and stormiest periods in 8000 years, say researchers who have tracked down an 11,400-year record of stormy sunspot activity in tree rings.
ATP St. Petersburg Sunday results *Mikhail Youzhny became the 10th champion of the St. Petersburg Open after an impressive win over Karol Beck on Sunday. *In a baseline battle, the crowds favorite Youzhny needed one hour and two minutes to close out the match 6-2, 6-2.
Rangers wins convincingly to hold on to second Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers and Aberdeen finished up weekend play in the Scottish Premier League on Sunday at Ibrox.
Poulter defeats Garcia in playoff at Valderrama Cadiz, Spain (Sports Network) - Ian Poulter parred the first hole of a playoff on Sunday to win the Volvo Masters Andalucia over Ryder Cup teammate Sergio Garcia at Valderrama Golf Club.
Martin wins Rally of Catalonia ESTONIA #39;S Markko Martin won his second successive world championship rally today as he took the Rally of Catalonia in a Ford Focus.
Lions WR Roy Williams misses game in Dallas Detroit Lions receiver Roy Williams missed Sunday #39;s game against the Dallas Cowboys because of an ankle injury. Williams leads the Lions with 24 catches for 362 yards and five touchdowns, having taken over 
Ukraine PM to meet challenger in poll run-off Ukraine #39;s prime minister and a liberal challenger have taken the top spots in a presidential election and will take their debate over the country #39;s future through to a run-off next month, exit polls say.
Iran bill backs drive for nuclear energy Iran #39;s parliament has passed a bill obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme.
Thai PM promises independent probe into protesters #39; deaths Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has again said he wants a thorough, independent inquiry into last week #39;s deaths of 87 Muslim protesters, most whom died in military custody.
AU Mission Expands in Sudan #39;s Darfur More African Union troops from Rwanda have deployed in western Sudan to help monitor a cease-fire in the region. Rwandan military officials say 100 soldiers arrived Sunday in the North Darfur capital 
Delta pilots to vote on proposed pay cut agreement ATLANTA - Delta Airlines Inc. is hoping its pilots #39; union will approve a steep pay cut to help the company avoid bankruptcy. Delta pilots, currently among the highest paid in the nation with salaries that 
Drug May Block Alzheimer #39;s, Scientists Say It might be possible to make a pill that prevents the brain damage that marks Alzheimer #39;s disease, US researchers said Thursday.
New Video Shows Kidnapped UN Workers in Afghanistan In a scene eerily similar to the ongoing hostage-takings in Baghdad, three kidnapped United Nations election workers appeared in a new videotape aired Sunday on the al-Jazeera Arabic television station.
Nigerian oil strike looms Lagos - Nigerian workers will disrupt their country #39;s key oil exports of 2.5 million barrels per day when they launch an indefinite general strike on November 16, the country #39;s top labour leader warned on Sunday.
Rossi says no to F1, for now Newly-crowned MotoGP champion, Valentino Rossi, has revealed that, contrary to speculation, he has no intention of switching to F1, for at least a couple of years.
Martin wins in Catalunya The Estonian driver Markko Martin has won his second consecutive World Rally Championship taking the Rally of Catalunya. The Ford driver, followed up his recent victory in the Rally of Corsica by beating Finland #39;s 
Cisse suffers double leg break; likely out for season Liverpool striker Djibril Cisse will likely miss the rest of the season due to a broken leg. The French striker, who moved from Auxerre to Liverpool in the off-season, was injured 
Video shows UN hostages in Afghanistan Arabic TV network Al-Jazeera Sunday aired video showing three UN election workers taken hostage in Afghanistan. In the video, the kidnappers demand for the release of prisoners in Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
China closes 1600 internet cafes BEIJING: China shut 1600 internet cafes between February and August and imposed 100 million yuan (\$NZ18 million) worth of fines for allowing children to play violent or adult-only games and other violations, state media say.
Hayden crashes out, Barros mounts another spirited charge lex Barros finished the last race of the season in sixth place while team mate Nicky Hayden crashed out unhurt while contesting a podium finish in front of capacity crowd at the Ricardo Tormo Circuit in Valencia today.
MAURESMO WINS LINZ EVENT Amelie Mauresmo of France won the Linz Open on Sunday, defeating Russia #39;s Elena Bovina in the final. Top seed Mauresmo never looked in trouble against her ninth-ranked opponent and took the first set 6-2.
Cisse Out for Season after Leg Break Liverpool striker Djibril Cisse will not play again this season after breaking his leg against Blackburn yesterday. The 23-year-old France striker was carried off on a stretcher in 
Ukraine Election To Go To Second Round 31 October 2004 -- Exit polls show that Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich and challenger Viktor Yushchenko finished on top in Ukraine #39;s presidential election today and will face each other in a run-off next month.
UN Hostages Plead for Their Release A French soldier from International Security Assistance Force keeps the guard at a checkpoint in a residential area of Kabul, Afghanistan #39;s capital, on Saturday, Oct. 30, 2004.
Rebels target Black Watch troops Insurgents in Iraq have targeted Black Watch troops in a series of rocket attacks at their base just 25 miles south of Baghdad. No one was injured in the four separate assaults and there was minimal damage.
Vaile hopeful of trade deal with China A free trade deal with China would mean billions of dollars of economic benefits for Australia, Trade Minister Mark Vaile said. In an interview with The Australian newspaper, Mr Vaile has predicted for the 
Indiana 1 of 3 holdouts in nation Indiana is a standout nationally -- known all over for its refusal to adopt daylight-saving time.  quot;And then there is Indiana, quot; the publisher of the Information Please almanac notes on its Web site (www.
Election Will Dominate Wall Street #39;s Moves Does Wall Street like Bush or Kerry? At this point, investors would be happy with having a clear winner by the opening bell on Wednesday, no matter who it might be.
Airbus to Buy More Parts, Build Base in China, Official Says Airbus SAS, the world #39;s biggest aircraft maker, plans to source more parts for its planes from China and to set up an engineering base there, the head of the company #39;s operations in the country said.
Nextel leader Busch goes out early with blown engine HAMPTON, Ga. -- The Nextel Cup championship playoff got a major shakeup Sunday when points leader Kurt Busch went out with a blown engine early in the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Arab TV airs video of 3 UN hostages in Afghanistan DUBAI: Al Jazeera television aired a video yesterday of three UN employees held hostage in Afghanistan by kidnappers who are threatening to kill them unless Taliban and al Qaeda prisoners are freed.
Second group claims bombing A PREVIOUSLY unheard of militant group claimed responsibility today for a car bombing outside the Baghdad offices of al-Arabiya TV that killed seven people, including five of the station #39;s Iraqi employees.
Chechen Warlord Issues Warning to Russia Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev, who claimed responsibility for last month #39;s Beslan school hostage-taking, warned Sunday that he was ready to fight Russia for a decade and insisted civilians remained a fair target.
Price freeze may cost oil firms Rs 10,000 cr Oil companies are estimating an under-recovery of over Rs 10,000 crore during the current financial year, with the government deciding against allowing oil companies to increase petrol and diesel prices for the fortnight beginning November 1.
Financier #39;s bet on steel pays off big and the steel industry will never be the same because of it. Ross, the financier who in less than three years cobbled together his International 
Busch looks to increase points lead Kurt Busch is the only driver among the 10 in NASCAR #39;s Chase for the Championship who #39;s done everything right. But he admits that may not be enough to help him win his first championship.
UN Repeats Appeal For Hostages #39; Release 31 October 2004 -- The United Nations has again appealed for the kidnappers of three UN workers in Afghanistan to release them unharmed.
Wall St. Wants a Quick, Clean Election It won #39;t be just a sigh of relief on Wall Street but an ovation if the US presidential election on Tuesday produces a clear winner and avoids a repeat of the chaotic 2000 results.
Watney moves to the front Former Fresno State standout Nick Watney recovered from a double-bogey on the seventh hole to shoot 1 under and tie for the third-round lead Saturday in the Nationwide Tour Championship at the Robert Trent Jones Golf Trail in Prattville, Ala.
Bolton end Souness honeymoon BOLTON returned to fourth place in the Premier League with a win that ended the vistors #39; unbeaten run under manager Graeme Souness.
Nigerian unions threaten to resume strike over fuel price hike on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nigerian workers will go on strike protesting recent 25 percent increase of petroleum products from Nov. 16, a leading trade unionist said here Sunday.
Chavez allies and opposition vie for key posts as Venezuelans vote &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Allies of President Hugo Chavez and opposition candidates competed for key gubernatorial and mayoral posts in elections Sunday, with tens of thousands of police and soldiers on hand to prevent politically fueled clashes.
No petrol, diesel price hike for now NEW DELHI, OCT 31: No increases in petrol and diesel prices are expected this fortnight. According to official sources, the government has decided to wait till after the US presidential polls before initiating any hikes.
China May Avoid Sudden Slowdown as Rates Rise, Survey Shows China may avoid a sudden economic slowdown after the central bank raised benchmark interest rates for the first time in nine years last week, a survey showed.
Steel #39;s New Spring A once-ailing heavy industry is now in heavy demand. The next step? Global consolidation. For the last decade, much of the West #39;s steel industry has been in the doldrums.
Youzhny Wins St. Petersburg Open ST. PETERSBURG, Russia - Mikhail Youzhny of Russia won the St. Petersburg Open on Sunday, defeating Karol Beck of Slovakia 6-2, 6-2 for the second title of his career.
Bolton on the move after Newcastle win London, England (Sports Network) - In Sunday #39;s only Premiership match, Bolton Wanderers moved back into the league #39;s fourth position after beating Newcastle United 2-1.
Killing of Japanese hostage by militants in Iraq pressures Japan #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The beheading of a Japanese hostage in Iraq renewed pressure on Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to withdraw his country #39;s troops, as the opposition blamed his pro-US policy for the slaying.
No oil price hike before US polls NEW DELHI: The government on Sunday decided to hold back any hike in fuel prices. Under the price-band mechanism, there #39;s room to raise prices of petrol by 66-67 paise/litre and diesel by Rs 1.88/litre.
Schilling delivers for Bush; team execs shill for Kerry Curt Schilling wasnt supposed to pitch again this year, but hes endorsing President Bush in automated phone calls being made in three battleground states through Election Day.
Moss #39; hamstring forces another early exit Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Randy Moss was in the starting lineup Sunday when the team hosted the New York Giants, but the star wideout was again removed from the game due to his sore hamstring.
Car bomb targeting Chechen security force injures 17 after earlier &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car bomb exploded outside the main hospital in Chechny #39;s capital, Grozny, on Sunday, injuring 17 people in an attack apparently targeting members of a Chechen security force bringing in wounded from an earlier explosion 
England: Bolton too strong for Newcastle BOLTON, Oct 31 (SW) - Bolton Wanderers keep on impressing in the English Premier League, giving Newcastle United their third defeat of the season on Sunday.
A Whole New Line Pakistani editors invited to break the Ramadan fast last week with President Pervez Musharraf were treated to palm dates, curried pastries - and a radical new approach to Pakistan #39;s bitter, 57-year-old dispute with India over Kashmir.
The Nation #39;s Weather Heavy rain dampened parts of Minnesota and a warm front brought showers and thunderstorms to parts of the Northeast on Saturday as a lingering front generated heavy rain, lightning and strong wind in parts of Texas.
World Series items head to Cooperstown It won #39;t be long before the Red Sox #39;s historic World Series win is immortalized in the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown.
Youzhny ends title drought ST PETERSBURG, Oct. 31. - Russias Mikhail Youzhny overwhelmed Karol Beck of Slovakia 6-2, 6-2 here today in the final of the one-milliondollar ATP tournament to record his first title win of the season.
Schilling delivers for Bush; team execs shill for Kerry Curt Schilling wasn #39;t supposed to pitch again this year, but he #39;s endorsing President Bush in automated phone calls being made in three battleground states through Election Day.
Kaiserslautern save coach with late win over Bielefeld Kaiserslautern saved coach Kurt Jara #39;s job with two late goals fom Selim Teber to upset Arminia Bielefeld 2-1 in the Bundesliga on Sunday.
Allawi Warns of Low Patience on Fallujah Iraq #39;s interim prime minister on Sunday warned that efforts to resolve the standoff in Fallujah peacefully have entered their  quot;final phase quot; and said he will not hesitate to 
Mortars hit British army camp in restive Iraq province, no &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two mortars hit a military base in a restive region south of Baghdad on Sunday where a battle group of British soldiers have recently arrived, causing no casualties, a spokesman said.
Voters stick with ruling party BOTSWANA #39;S ruling party had won a majority of seats in parliamentary elections, handing President Festus Mogae a second and final term in office, election officials said today.
Office Depot Plans to Cut 900 Jobs Office Depot Inc. plans to cut 900 jobs as it consolidates operations at eight call centers and offices in six states. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Office Depot - the nation #39;s second 
Legal concerns delay Canadian version of US-style terror list for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Canadian version of the US no-fly list that infamously had folksinger Cat Stevens deported and Ted Kennedy hassled at airports is running into legal turbulence.
Beetles used to make Smarties THERE are green ones, yellow ones and even blue ones. But how many beetle-coloured Smarties have you tried? Red Smarties get their bright colour from a dye made from dried and crushed insects.
Fragile Arctic region endangered by greenhouse gases: report Greenhouse gases have contributed to a gradual warming of the ecologically-fragile Arctic region, causing massive climate changes, including melting glaciers and sea ice, according to a soon-to-be-released environmental study.
Voters Checking Out Other Sides #39; Sites Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.
Ghostzapper to return in 2005; Azeri might retire after two more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There is no question in trainer Bobby Frankels mind who will claim Horse of the Year honors when the Eclipse Awards are handed out in January.
Johansson, Novak, Youzhny take tennis titles Sweden #39;s Thomas Johansson claimed his first title since the 2002 Australian Open with a come from behind 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 victory over American top seed Andre Agassi in the final of the Stockholm Open overnight.
Eagles WR scores winning TD in grudge match against Ravens Terrell Owens found a new way to celebrate touchdowns: He mocked Ray Lewis. Owens had an 11-yard TD catch and David Akers kicked three field goals, helping the Philadelphia Eagles beat 
Northwestern Notebook There may have been more to Kyle Orton #39;s departure from Saturday #39;s game at Northwestern than just a left hip flexor. Listen to Purdue head coach Joe Tiller, and it sounds as if Orton #39;s physical 
Powerful blast kills 15 Iraqis in Tikrit A huge explosion rocked the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit, killing 15 Iraqis, police and doctors have said. Eight others were seriously wounded in the blast, which occurred around 17:00 GMT on Sunday, local doctors have said.
Arctic endangered by greenhouse gases: report WASHINGTON: Greenhouse gases have contributed to a gradual warming of the ecologically-fragile Arctic region, causing massive climate changes, including melting glaciers and sea ice, according to a soon-to-be-released environmental study.
Packers 28, Redskins 14 Playing with a sprained hand and a major personal distraction, Brett Favre started on a roll and survived a rocky finish. Favre and the Green Bay Packers won their third straight game Sunday, beating the Washington 
Challenger takes lead in Ukraine vote plunging a heated debate between the two rivals over the country #39;s future into a run-off. Minister Viktor Yanukovich, who is backed by Ukraine #39;s establishment oriented towards neighbouring Russia.
Check 21 law to process checks faster Every night, millions of cashed checks fly around the country, headed for their home bank. Starting Thursday, technology will begin grounding many of those flights.
Novel Approach Targets Alzheimer #39;s Development A new technique may someday be able to stop Alzheimer #39;s disease (news - web sites) before it starts. Tapping into the  quot;Trojan horse quot; strategy, scientists 
No mas: Giants stomp Moss-less Vikings Thanks to a swarming defense, some tough runs by Tiki Barber, a few big catches by Jeremy Shockey and a turnover-free afternoon by Kurt Warner, the Giants beat the Vikings 34-13 on Sunday.
Green Bay Packers LANDOVER, Maryland (Ticker) -- The Green Bay Packers did not wait long to take advantage of some good fortune. Cornerback Al Harris intercepted Mark Brunell one play after the Washington Redskins  #39; potential 
First Russian IPO on NYSE since 2002 NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Mechel Steel priced its American depositary shares at \$21 each Friday, in the first initial public offering from Russia in 2 1/2 years.
US indict 19 on ID theft charges FEDERAL authorities have indicted 19 people in the United States and abroad on charges related to a website investigators claimed was one of the largest online centers for trafficking in stolen identity information and credit cards.
Testaverde #39;s scramble sparks Cowboys IRVING, Texas - The Dallas Cowboys finally got some big plays from the old legs in their running game, only they didnt come from 33-year-old Richie Anderson or 31-year-old Eddie George.
Tests on Arafat reveal no signs of leukemia Initial results from a battery of tests on Palestinian President Yasser Arafat have uncovered no signs of leukemia, Palestinian officials said, but blood doctors were still probing the cause of his dramatic deterioration in health.
Japanese official arrives in Kuwait to repatriate Koda #39;s body KUWAIT CITY : Japan #39;s Senior Vice Foreign Minister Shuzen Tanigawa arrived in Kuwait to supervise arrangements for the repatriation of the body of Japanese tourist Shosei Koda who was beheaded by militants in Iraq.
ATP Stockholm Sunday results Thomas Johansson denied top-seeded American Andre Agassi his second title of the year in a riveting three-set match while he collected his second If.
Golf: Grace Park cheers home fans with LPGA victory JEJU, South Korea : Grace Park of South Korea won an LPGA Tour tournament, firing a seven-under-par 65 in the final round of the 1.35-million dollar CJ Nine Bridges Classic.
Compromise Said Possible on Iran Nukes Defiant lawmakers - shouting Death to America #39; #39; - unanimously voted Sunday to approve the outline of a bill requiring the government to resume uranium enrichment, a 
Valencia: Rossi wins 2004 2004 MotoGP World Champion Valentino Rossi wrapped up the BMW 2004 MotoGP Best Qualifier Award this afternoon at the circuit of Valencia after speeding to another front row start.
Chelsea have destroyed me, complains Mutu Disgraced Romanian striker Adrian Mutu has blasted English Premier League side Chelsea for their haste in sacking him after he tested positive for a banned substance.
Novak outlasts Nalbandian in Basel David Nalbandian has lost his first match in three successive visits to the Swiss Indoors in Basel, beaten in an three-hour, five-set final by Czech Jiri Novak.
Martin holds on for third win in Rally Catalunya Motorsport.com. Markko Martin, never known as a tarmac specialist, took his second win in a row, and again on an asphalt rally, claiming the win Rally Catalunya by 23.
Texans 20, Jaguars 6 Byron Leftwich sealed yet another victory with a touchdown throw in the game #39;s final minute. This time, he did so for the other team.
Koda #39;s Iraq trip was driven by sheer curiosity TOKYO - Shosei Koda was a student learning English in New Zealand before entering Iraq, but his self-searching trip to one of the most dangerous places in the world without proper preparation ended in tragedy as the Japanese government confirmed Sunday 
Topsy-TURVY Baseball World Entices Fans The World Series has been over less than 48 hours and already I can #39;t wait for the free-agent signing period to commence, for the Winter Meetings to unfold, for tensions between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees to escalate to unprecedented levels.
Poulter turns around frustrating year at Volvo Ian Poulter won for the first time since last year #39;s Nordic Open, when he parred the first extra hole at the Volvo Masters Andalucia to edge out local hero, Sergio Garcia.
Bolton 2-1 Newcastle Bolton climbed to fourth in the table as Newcastle slipped to their first loss under manager Graeme Souness. After a insipid first-half, El-Hadji Diouf gave Bolton a 52nd minute lead, bravely heading home 
Novak takes Swiss Indoors crown Jiri Novak won his second title in three weeks with a battling performance against David Nalbandian in the final of the Swiss Indoors on Sunday.
Lions #39; Williams sidelined in Dallas Irving, TX (Sports Network) - Detroit Lions rookie wide receiver Roy Williams was inactive for Sunday #39;s game against the Dallas Cowboys.
Cisse suffers suspected leg break Liverpool #39;s Djibril Cisse was taken to hospital with a suspected broken left leg after being stretchered off against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park.
NFL Game Summary - Indianapolis at Kansas City Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Trent Green threw for 389 yards with three touchdowns and Priest Holmes ran for 143 yards with three scores, leading the Kansas City Chiefs to a 45-35 victory over the Indianapolis Colts in another shootout at Arrowhead 
Leftist Coalition Predicted to Win Uruguay #39;s Presidency A coalition of leftist elements is predicted to win Uruguay #39;s presidential election on Sunday - ending the conservative parties #39; dominance of more than 170 years.
Video games muscle in on movies Traces of the word  quot;video quot; linger beneath a new sign that just went up on a suburban Blockbuster store here. In its place hangs 
WIDELOAD GAMES ANNOUNCES FIRST TITLE Aspyr Media, Inc., an entertainment publisher delivering fun in the form of games, music and DVDs, and game developer Wideload Games, Inc.
Singh tops \$10 million with win Singh claimed his ninth win Sunday - the most on the PGA Tour in 54 years - as he cruised to a five-stroke victory at the \$5 million Chrysler Championship.
Chiefs spoil Manning #39;s big day CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Peyton Manning threw for a career-high 472 yards and five touchdowns on 25-of-44 passing, but his last-ditch comeback attempt ended with an interception in the end zone in the closing minutes as Kansas City outlasted Indianapolis 45-35 
15 killed in rocket attack on Tikrit hotel Fifteen civilians were killed after a rocket slammed into a hotel Sunday night in the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit. Eyewitnesses said the blast at the Sunubar Hotel sent frightened bloodstained guests running into the streets for help.
Withdrawl of nominee eases crisis for Europe BRUSSELS The decision by Rocco Buttiglione to relinquish his claim on the European Commission #39;s justice and security portfolio means Jos Manuel Barroso, the incoming president, will be able to get Parliament #39;s approval for a new college of commissioners 
Afghan group makes demands for hostages KABUL Militants holding three foreign United Nations staff members in Afghanistan released a video Sunday of their hostages and said they would be killed if demands for release of prisoners and withdrawal of foreign troops were not met by noon Wednesday.
Credit where it #39;s due? LONDON The corporate restructuring of the RoyalDutch/Shell Group is one of the year #39;s largest financial transactions. Controversy is building in London over the answer to that question, illustrating yet again 
In Britain, no more hiding behind The Times LONDON For a newspaper nicknamed  quot;The Thunderer, quot; the move was disclosed sotto voce: The Times of London, for more than two centuries the confident voice of the English establishment, is going fully tabloid as of Monday, dropping a broadsheet version that 
Aussie scientists see palaeontology gold rush Australian scientists predicted a  quot;palaeontological gold rush quot; after the discovery of a new species of tiny human in neighbouring Indonesia in a find that will re-draw the human family tree.
Apple rolls out iPod Photo Apple Computer Inc has rolled out a new iPod that allows users to view and share photos as it opened nine new iTunes music stores in Europe, spurring its rivalry with Microsoft Corp and others.
Heels savor 1st win over top 5 opponent North Carolina coach John Bunting never lost faith in his players, unabashedly supporting them even while their mistakes and poor play led to more losses.
Tony Blairs office plays down reports of Feb elections LONDON: Tony Blairs office played down reports on Sunday that the British prime minister plans to call a snap general election in February.
Australia #39;s Incitec Pivot FY04 Net A\$75.1 Million -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian fertilizer interest Incitec Pivot Ltd. (IPL.AU) on Monday reported a net profit, including one-time items, of A\$75.
Companies Scramble to Deal With Spyware The people who call Dell Inc. #39;s customer service line often have no idea why their computers are running so slow. The ones who call America Online Inc.
Bright star: Fresh insight into historic find A supernova spotted by the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe more than four centuries ago that changed the course of human knowledge has just yielded a further discovery - the apparent discovery of the companion star that triggered the great event.
Singh is first \$10 million man Palm Harbor, FL (Sports Network) - Vijay Singh, the top-ranked player in the world, fired a six-under 65 on Sunday to cruise to victory at the Chrysler Championship.
Football loss signals Kerry win JOHN Kerry supporters have a welcome omen for their US presidential candidate: The Green Bay Packers defeated the Washington Redskins yesterday.
Crude oil futures may fall: survey Crude oil futures may fall on speculation China #39;s first interest rate rise in nine years will slow demand growth amid rising US inventories, a Bloomberg survey shows.
Singh becomes first \$10 million man in golf The guy who once gave \$10 lessons as a club pro in Borneo is now the first \$10 million man in golf. Singh once found work as a bouncer in a Scottish night club when he failed to get through European qualify school.
First defeat tastes so sour for Souness QUESTIONS WERE ASKED ABOUT Sam Allardyces ambition when, having spent years bemoaning the lack of opportunities for British managers, he politely told Newcastle United to look elsewhere in their search for a successor to Sir Bobby Robson.
History says Redskins defeat the end for Bush Washington - The Washington Redskins has lost to the Green Pay Packers on Sunday and thus, according to a sporting legend that has proved eerily accurate, President George Bush is bound to lose the White House.
GOLDBERG ON FOOTBALL: The Eagles gain by winning small If the Philadelphia Eagles finally reach the Super Bowl this season, their tight victories the last two weeks will probably have more to do with it than their first five easy victories.
Reinsurance firm confident on future prospects in China Unreasonably low premium rates in China #39;s non-life insurance sector, coupled with inadequate awareness of insurance protection, is hampering the hugely promising industry #39;s long-term growth, reported China Daily on Monday.
Russian oil exports to go north Russia, the world #39;s second-biggest oil exporter, next month will increase northern Baltic port loadings on expectations winter storms in the Black Sea and traffic in the Bosporus 
Australia #39;s Natl Foods Confirms Rejection Of Fonterra Bid MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Takeover target National Foods Ltd. (NFD.AU) on Monday reiterated its opposition to a hostile bid from its biggest shareholder, New Zealand #39;s Fonterra Co-operative Group Ltd.
Beware abuses of 529 plans In an effort to protect investors, the leading private-sector provider of financial regulatory services, the NASD, routinely scans the investment horizon and issues Investor Alerts when potential abuses pop up.
Mauresmo Gunning for No. 1 Again at ATP Linz Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo, who briefly rose to No. 1 following the US Open and says she is playing Linz this week in a late-year effort to regain the top spot, barely edged upset-minded Serb Jelena Jankovic 4-6, 6-3, 6-1 Saturday to advance to the final.
No Safin, But Alt-Russian Youzhny in ATP St. Petersburg Final Although top-seeded Russian Marat Safin couldn #39;t deliver, the hometown fans at the ATP stop in St. Petersburg got a homie in the final Saturday when No.
Owens Has Last Laugh on Ravens as Eagles Improve to 7-0 Terrell Owens scored a touchdown and David Akers kicked three field goals to lead the Philadelphia Eagles to their fifth straight win, 15-10 over the Baltimore Ravens in National Football League play Sunday.
Iran votes to resume nuclear programme The Iranian parliament, which is dominated by hardliners, passed a bill yesterday obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme.
Milburn uses election to galvanise Labour Labour MPs were put on a war footing yesterday for the next general election by Alan Milburn, the Prime Minister #39;s election strategist, to quell unrest in the party #39;s ranks.
Nigerian Strike to Target Oil Exports Nigeria Unions Declare Royal Dutch/Shell an  #39;Enemy, #39; Say Nov. 16 Strike Will Target Oil Exports. President of the Nigerian Labor Congress (NLC) Adams Oshiomhole speaks to journalist in Lagos, Nigeria, Sunday, Oct. 31, 2004.
China Reissues Information Of Internet Cafe Closures China #39;s state media have again issued a release stating that local governments have closed 1600 Internet cafes between February and August this year.
Xbox owner sues over defective disk drives LOS ANGELES - A video game fan upset over a failed disc drive in his Xbox video game console has sued Microsoft Corp. on behalf of all Xbox owners across the United States.
Golf: Vijay clinches ninth win of season with Chrysler &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PALM HARBOR, United States : Vijay Singh shot a six-under par 65 to post a five-stroke victory at the Chrysler Championship and claim his ninth tournament win of the season.
Owens shows Ravens what they #39;re missing Eagles coach Andy Reid said he missed what Terrell Owens did in the end zone when he scored the touchdown that would win the game for the Eagles on Sunday.
Allawi: Major military action in Falluja imminent Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Sunday that he was getting closer to authorizing major military action against insurgents in the restive city of Falluja, in Anbar province west of Baghdad.
Uruguay #39;s left headed for poll win Uruguay #39;s leftist candidate Tabare Vazquez is headed for victory in presidential elections with an estimated 50.9 to 53 percent of the vote, exit polls and pollster projections showed.
Int #39;l aviation  amp; aerospace exhibition to open in Zhuhai A mechanician examines a plane of Chinese Bayi aerobatics team at an airport in Zhuhai, Guangdong, Oct. 31, 2004. The 5th China International Aviation  amp; Aerospace Exhibition during which five aerobatics teams 
Johnson Electric Acquires Majority Stake In Nanomotion China-based Johnson Electric announced that it has acquired 51 of Israeli start-up Nanomotion for \$20 million in cash. Nanomotion develops and manufactures motors with the ability to achieve precise positioning 
Vijay breaks \$10m mark Already having set a single-season record for prizemoney, he became the game #39;s first \$10m man as the \$900,000 first prize pushed his 2004 earnings to \$10.
Revolution Make Eastern Conference Finals Columbus Crew #39;s Frankie Hejduk (2) beats New England Revolution #39;s Shalrie Joseph (21) to the ball during the first half of their Eastern Conference playoff semifinal game in Columbus, Ohio Sunday, Oct. 31, 2004.
Lions #39; miscues let Cowboys slip by, 31-21 A defense so porous the 40-year old quarterback completed all except five of his 24 pass attempts against the bad Lions. And so it went as the game and the opportunities slipped away.
Uruguay #39;s Vazquez Wins Presidency in 1st Round, Exit Polls Show Uruguayan opposition candidate Tabare Vazquez captured enough votes to win the presidency in today #39;s first-round vote, exit polls from the country #39;s four-biggest pollsters showed.
Incitec rakes in \$75.1m profit Incitec Pivot Limited (IPL) said today that the outlook for the company was positive due to a major supply agreement for its Brisbane plant and a possible overseas joint venture.
Japan #39;s Nikkei Average, Topix Fall; DoCoMo, Canon Lead Decline Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average fell 39.75, or 0.4 percent, to 10,731.67 at 9:02 am in Tokyo. The broader Topix index dropped 3.93, or 0.4 percent, to 1081.
Goldman mulls fresh offer for Warner Chilcott A consortium headed by Goldman Sachs, which lost out in the 1.6bn bidding war for Warner Chilcott last week, is considering coming back with a higher offer for the women #39;s healthcare company.
M amp;G #39;s McLintock touted as potential Bloomer successor Leading Prudential shareholders will this week attempt to garner support for a campaign to replace the insurer #39;s chief executive, Jonathan Bloomer, and Michael McLintock, who runs the group #39;s 
AMD expands global reach To foster the rapid adoption of technology in high-growth markets throughout the world, AMD (www.amd.com) has unveiled a business strategy with initial participants in India, Mexico and the Caribbean to enable 50 percent of the world #39;s population with 
Focused Poulter keeps his cool WHEN Sergio Garcia made a muddle of the first play-off hole at Valderrama and ran up 5 after Scotlands Alastair Forsyth had slipped out of contention during the closing round, Ian Poulter was able to demonstrate a cool head and steady nerves to win the 
Johansson beats Agassi to win Stockholm Open Local favorite Thomas Johansson upset top seed Andre Agassi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 to win the Stockholm Open title on Sunday. Johansson, the Australian Open titlist in 2002, had lost 
Chelsea chief: We #39;re right to sack Mutu Chelsea chief Peter Kenyon says the club had no option but to sack Adrian Mutu last week. Kenyon claimed today that Mutu rejected offers of assistance from the club and lied to his employers, leaving Chelsea 
Redskins Loss: Bad News for Bush, Touchdown Kerry The Washington Redskins lost their final home football game before the US presidential election on Sunday -- and that #39;s great news for Democratic Sen. John Kerry and bad news for President Bush.
NFL Game Summary - Oakland at San Diego San Diego head coach Marty Schottenheimer improved to 22-7 in his career against Oakland...Tomlinson surpassed Chuck Muncie, who ran for 43 touchdowns from 1980-84...Brees finished one TD pass shy of Dan Fouts #39; club record of six, set against the Raiders 
Will Colts defense ever catch up? KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- It has come to this: Peyton Manning #39;s offense is now playing against two defenses every week. The other team #39;s defense, and its own -- the latter group being the tougher challenge.
Japan to stay in Iraq despite beheading TONY EASTLEY: The Japanese Government says it will continue its mission in Iraq, despite the beheading of one of its citizens. The troop deployment is unpopular in Japan, but surprisingly, the political fallout 
More quakes rock Japan TWO more earthquakes hit the central region of Japan today, where thousands of residents are still living in emergency shelters after a major quake more than a week ago.
Liverpool confirm Cisse out for season Liverpool and France striker Djibril Cisse has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in Saturday #39;s 2-2 draw at Blackburn Rovers.
UK PRESS: Goldman-Carlyle Mull Warner Chilcott Counterbid LONDON (Dow Jones)--Goldman Sachs (GS) and private equity company Carlyle Group are considering a GBP1.6 billion-plus counter offer to halt the sale of Northern Ireland pharmaceutical company Warner Chilcott (WCRX, WCRX.
China #39;s oil company sues Yukos over failure to resume shipments China #39;s state-owned oil conglomerate has filed a lawsuit seeking compensation from troubled Russian oil company Yukos for failing to fulfill its export contracts, state media said.
Pru investors seek to vent frustration DISGRUNTLED shareholders of Prudential will this week demand urgent talks with Rob Rowley, the companys senior independent director, to express their frustration at the insurers decision to raise 1 billion in a rights issue.
Poulter wins Volvo Masters in playoff Ian Poulter of England won the Volvo Masters on Sunday, beating Sergio Garcia with a par on the first playoff hole. Garcia missed a 3-foot putt on the final hole of regulation that would have given the Spaniard the victory.
Champion Loeb forced to drop out VIC, Spain -- New world champion Sebastien Loeb pulled out of the Catalunya Rally with a mechanical breakdown after winning the first leg on the second day.
Molik secures back-to-back titles Australian tennis player Alicia Molik stormed to her second title in two weeks with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Russian Dinara Safina in the final of the WTA event in Luxembourg overnight.
NFL Today, Week 8 Miami (1-6) at NY Jets (5-1) (9 pm EST). Dolphins got their first victory last week, already have lost to Jets at home 17-9 this season.
Red Devils prepare Arsenal dossier Manchester United #39;s on-going feud with Arsenal will spill over into Soho Square next week when Red Devils officials dump an explosive dossier on the Football Association chronicling Sunday #39;s match at Old Trafford.
Time Running Out in Fallujah, Warns Allawi BAGHDAD, 1 November 2004 - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi warned time was running out for peace in Fallujah as the US military continued to target suspected insurgents yesterday.
Labour denies plan for February poll LABOUR officials yesterday dismissed reports that Tony Blair is contemplating a snap general election in February and insisted that May remained the most likely time for the poll.
China vows to push for rapid reform of aviation industry ZHUHAI, China : China will push for a rapid reform of its aviation industry to meet the demands of its fast-growing economy and to boost competitiveness, a senior official said at an aerospace forum in this southern Chinese city.
Ruths curse may be dead, but other fun ones live on You have to admit the Curse was fun. Talking about it, laughing about it, lying about it, those thrills are gone now, at least as they pertain to the Boston Red Sox.
Cisse injury leaves Benitez facing striker crisis Djibril Cisses leg-break horror has left Rafael Benitez facing a severe striker crisis ahead of Wednesday nights crucial Champions League showdown with Deportivo La Coruna.
Gridiron prediction: Kerry WASHINGTON _ Forget the polls, the football verdict is in and it goes to John Kerry. In every presidential election since 1936, the Washington Redskins #39; last home game before the election has accurately predicted the winner.
Five things to watch 1. A SIGHT FOR SORE GROINS: If anything can cure LaDainian Tomlinson, it should be the sight of the Raiders across the line of scrimmage.
Cybercrime Marketplace Shut Down, 28 Arrested The Secret Service targeted a Web site, shadowcrew.com, hosted outside the United States, that acted as a kind of one-stop shop for stolen information and false documents.
Voters see both sides online Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.
Wary Martin gets the drop on Loeb The Estonian Markko Martin, a candidate for the most disappointing driver of the season a month ago, could finish runner-up in the world championship after defeating the new champion Sebastien Loeb to take the Catalonia Rally and his second consecutive 
GIC wants to sell stake to private insurers MUMBAI, OCTOBER 31: In a novel disinvestment plan, the Rs 12,000 crore General Insurance Corporation (GIC), the countrys official reinsurer, has asked the government to allow domestic private sector insurers to pick up stakes in the state-owned body.
Owen on target for Real MADRID: England striker Michael Owen scored in his fourth consecutive game for Real Madrid as the Spanish giants comfortably beat their newly-promoted local rivals Getafe 2-0 yesterday.
Ukrainians vote for president amid fears of rigging and unrest Ukrainians cast ballots in a presidential election Sunday that has raised fears of post-election unrest in this ex-Soviet republic, and the opposition complained of election violations just hours into the voting.
Singh breaks \$10 million mark World number one Vijay Singh became the first golf player to earn season winnings of over 10 million US dollars after he won his ninth victory this year at the Chrysler Championships 
EAGLES 15, RAVENS 10 Owens Breaks Some Tackles and Burns More &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; He had read the comments on the Internet and watched television, and real or imagined, the harsh words had their effect. Eagles receiver Terrell Owens is not one to 
Lions hit a bump in the road The Lions wore the wrong costumes to Texas Stadium to play the Dallas Cowboys on Halloween. The Lions showed up as contenders, but played like pretenders -- and didn #39;t fool anybody.
Allawi threatens Fallujah with military assault TONY EASTLEY: Residents of Fallujah, west of Baghdad, are bracing themselves for a big military assault, after Iraq #39;s interim prime minister warned that time for negotiations was running out.
Video threat to kill UN hostages Three United Nations workers, held hostage and pictured in a video released yesterday, will be executed on Wednesday unless British forces leave Afghanistan and Muslim prisoners are released from Guantnamo Bay, their Taliban kidnappers demanded yesterday 
Kuwait hit by blackout KUWAIT CITY: A nationwide blackout hit Kuwait yesterday, forcing it to shut its three oil refineries and halt exports of refined products like gasoline, but crude production and exports were proceeding normally, top energy officials said.
Tokyo Stocks Fall as Exporters Sag The Nikkei average fell 0.69 percent by mid-morning on Monday as caution about the dollar #39;s weakness and the US presidential election prompted selling of exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
Tests Continue on Arafat Yasser Arafat spent Sunday talking to colleagues in the West Bank, reading telegrams from well-wishing world leaders and sipping tea.
Nearly 50 hurt in Spanish subway crash Two subway trains collided yesterday in Barcelona, leaving one of the drivers in serious condition and 48 other people with minor injuries, officials said.
Wenger finds soft centre hard to accept The way Arsenal defended against a Southampton side who were the joint-lowest scorers in the Premiership made it difficult to believe that they had remained unbeaten for 49 games.
Iran Votes to Resume Nuclear Work Iran #39;s hard-line Parliament unanimously approved a bill on Sunday supporting the resumption of uranium enrichment. The vote comes as talks with European countries over Iran #39;s 
Crude Oil Rises After Nigerian Unions Call Strike to Cut Supply Crude oil futures rose in New York after unions in Nigeria, the fifth-biggest supplier to the US, called a strike this month to disrupt the country #39;s oil exports.
Kerry claims victory after Redskins #39; loss WASHINGTON, Oct 31 (AFP) - Senator John Kerry declared victory on Sunday in the US presidential election, staking his claim on a historical quirk linking past White House races and the Washington Redskins football team.
Broncos v. Falcons Photo Gallery Part 1 View the first in a series of photo galleries from the Denver Broncos game against the Atlanta Falcons. The Falcons won 41-28. Denver Broncos quarterback Jake Plummer (16) sets to throw a 80-yard touchdown 
TOKYO REACTION Koizumi Vows No Japanese Withdrawal After Tourist #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Sunday repeated his vow to keep about 550 troops in Iraq after the government confirmed that the decapitated body found on a street 
Uruguay poised to elect leftwinger Tabare Vazquez was poised to become Uruguay #39;s first leftwing president yesterday after campaigning for the more equitable distribution of wealth and social justice in a country crippled by a recent economic crisis.
ISPs Band Together Against Spam UPDATED: In a coordinated attack against spammers, some of the country #39;s largest ISPs have filed new lawsuits against businesses and individuals that allegedly deluged users with unwanted and offensive e-mails.
NASA Prepares for Future Space Exploration Risk CLEVELAND, OH -- As NASA readies the space shuttle fleet to fly again, the agencys risk management teams are also paying attention to risk issues that affect the International Space Station.
Not quite the devil in a Blues dress When his positive dope test was confirmed, Adrian Mutu forgot to blame someone for spiking his drinks. Odd this, because athletics, swimming and cycling have taught us that 
Patriots Back Among the Mortal They were flawless for a month of Sundays, beating back opponents and, really, conventional wisdom itself. The New England Patriots had become football #39;s sterling exception 
Political prisoners release a legal matter, says Aziz ISLAMABAD: The issue of releasing political prisoners is a legal matter and it is up to the courts to decide cases against them, Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said on Sunday.
Update 1: Tokyo Stocks Lower; Dollar Up Against Yen Tokyo stocks fell Monday morning after a weak performance on Wall Street Friday. The US dollar was up against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues dropped 43.
Google #39;s Desktop Search Could Change SEM Forever Google was first to market a desktop search utility. Well, actually, others were first, but Google #39;s the one everyone noticed.
Thank heaven it #39;s Saturday SATURDAY 3PM: Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United all to win, surely? If it were always so, we wouldnt bother enjoying sport and would garden or go to DIY stores every Saturday afternoon instead.
Vote Expected to Bolster Chavez Voters cast ballots for governors and mayors Sunday in elections expected to strengthen President Hugo Chavez #39;s political power two months after he overwhelmingly won a referendum on his rule.
Stock market crash course: what goes down doesn #39;t necessarily come &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; _ The past week #39;s 75th anniversary of the 1929 stock market crash contains a lesson for today #39;s investors: just because they #39;ve lost money in recent years doesn #39;t mean stocks are destined to return soon to ever-higher levels.
Oil Extends Jump Above \$52, Eyes Vote Oil prices extended their bounce from three-week lows on Monday, climbing back above \$52 amid jitters over thin global winter fuel stocks and this week #39;s presidential election.
Australian govt predicts positive conclusion to FTA with China Australian Trade Minister Mark Vaile has predicated a successful outcome to free trade agreement (FTA) negotiations with China.  quot;We can #39;t afford not to enhan ce our relationship 
Redskins swing, miss on orchestrating complete game LANDOVER, Md. - The problems that plagued the Washington Redskins at the beginning of the season are the same ones that dog the Washington Redskins at the end of October.
Close election weighs heavily on stock markets The close race for the presidency is depressing the stock market, which is flat to down for the year despite a recovering economy, solid profits and major new tax breaks for investors.
EMOTIONAL FAREWELL FOR SAINZ Citroen #39;s Carlos Sainz admitted he was overwhelmed by the support he received on the Rally Catalunya. The Spanish driver, who last month announced his intention to retire from the sport, finished third on 
Violence continues in Fallujah A witness said one of the wounded was a taxi driver who was allegedly shot by American soldiers as he was driving a family back from Baghdad.
US Agent Sparks Afghan False Alarm A US agent hidden under a head-to-toe veil on Sunday sparked fear of a suicide attack in the Afghan capital by fleeing from police who tried to search her, officials said.
A tale of two tycoons It has been an extraordinarily eventful month for tycoon Wilbur L Ross. A few weeks ago the 67-year-old money manager turned steel baron married for the third time and friends predicted he would soon be slowing down to enjoy the  #39;finer #39; things of life.
Dogged Crying, Lower IQ Linked Babies older than 3 months who cry uncontrollably without reason are at greater risk of suffering from lower IQ, hyperactivity and discipline problems in childhood, new research has found.
Owens Gets a Little Too Funky Wide receiver Terrell Owens said he had a few end-zone celebrations prepared for Sunday #39;s game against the team he shunned in the offseason, the Baltimore Ravens.
Man Utd boss wants FA rap for Arsenal #39;s Bergkamp Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson wants the FA to punish Arsenal good guy Dennis Bergkamp for taking a swing at Alan Smith last Sunday.
Steelers end Patriots #39; winning run The Pittsburgh Steelers ended the New England Patriots #39; remarkable 21-game winning streak with a 34-20 victory. Rookie Ben Roethlisberger was the Steelers #39; hero, throwing for 196 yards and two touchdown passes.
Moss #39; Hamstring Forces Another Early Exit Minneapolis, MN -- Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Randy Moss was in the starting lineup Sunday when the team hosted the New York Giants, but the star wideout was again removed from the 34-13 loss due to his sore hamstring.
Video shows three foreign election workers kidnapped in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Kabul, Afghanistan-AP) Oct. 31, 2004 - Arab television has played a video that apparently shows three foreign election workers kidnapped in Afghanistan.
Oil prices higher in Asian trading on strike threat in Nigeria SINGAPORE : Crude oil prices were higher in Asian trading hours on Monday after oil workers in Nigeria announced over the weekend they would launch an indefinite general strike later this month, dealers said.
GTA - training game for murderers? On Friday, Grand Theft Auto, perhaps the most notorious of the shoot-em-up computer game genre, upped the ante again. After months of slavering speculation, its newest incarnation, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, was officially released.
Google Desktop Search Tool For Mac- Now for sure After telling The Mac Observer 11 days ago it would seriously consider developing its desktop search tool for the Mac in the future, Google CEO Eric Schmidt said Friday his company would definitely release a version of Google Desktop for Macs, but gave no 
Rain expected across most of the US Rain was forecast for much of the country Friday, with parts of the Southeast and the central states likely to escape the wet weather.
Cheeseheads for Kerry A George W. Bush win in Tuesday #39;s election seemed to be well in hand when Washington Redskins quarterback Mark Brunell hooked up with tailback Clinton Portis on a 43-yard scoring play with 2:35 to go in the team #39;s game with the Green Bay Packers on Sunday 
Anwar critical of Malaysian poll Malaysia #39;s former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim has called the March 2004 elections  quot;the most seriously flawed in the history of the country quot; and said he expected more reform from Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi.
Australian Trade Deficit Widens as Imports Increase (Update4) Australia #39;s trade deficit widened in September as imports of cars, food and appliances increased and record oil prices pushed up the nation #39;s energy bill.
Marxist rebels free 4 hostages Marxist rebels in Colombia have freed four hostages, three of whom were held captive for well over three years in the jungle. The four released hostages - two men and two women were flown to Neiva, 150 miles 
Update 1: China Needs to Do More to Control Spending China needs to do more to control spending on construction, factories and other  quot;fixed assets quot; to curb growth and cool inflation, state media reported Monday, citing top government officials.
Worldwide pants: trade flap between US and China Beijing this weekend urged Washington, DC, not to limit imports of Chinese cotton slacks. The Ministry of Commerce said such a restriction would violate World Trade Organization principles and hurt trade relations.
Ukraine Election in the Balance Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych led the high-tension presidential race in this post-Soviet republic with about 45 of the vote, too little to clinch a first-round victory, the Central Elections Commission said early today.
Deadly clashes rock Iraqi rebel hotspots RAMADI, Iraq (AFP) - Deadly fighting erupted on Sunday in a restive Iraqi province where eight marines were killed a day earlier, as Japan vowed to stand firm with its troops in Iraq despite the beheading of a Japanese tourist.
Kidnappers send video Three kidnapped UN election workers appeared frightened but otherwise well in a videotape aired Sunday on the al-Jazeera satellite television network.
Musharraf #39;s Kashmir solution hypothetical: Aziz Islamabad, Nov. 1. (PTI): With Pervez Musharraf #39;s new formulation on solving the Kashmir issue with India under flak from domestic opposition groups, Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Sunday termed as 
 #39;Hundreds #39; killed in ethnic clashes in China Beijing - Several people have been killed in violent ethnic clashes between the Muslim Hui minority and the Han majority in central China #39;s Henan province, officials said Monday.
Yudhoyono faces power struggle in parliament Street Musicians perform on a makeshift stage with a portrait of Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in Jakarta, Indonesia, Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
Delta goes all out for China route As Delta Air Lines Inc. struggles for its financial future, the carrier is entrenched in an intense political fight over desirable routes to China that could have an economic impact of \$400 million.
Brightest Lights Rise Together Like Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers gliding across the silver screen, the planets Venus and Jupiter dance cheek-to-cheek through our morning skies Thursday and Friday.
Real Madrid beat Getafe Michael Owen scored his fourth goal in four games to help Real Madrid to a 2-0 win over newly promoted Getafe at the Bernabeu Stadium on Sunday night.
Park fires closing 65 for easy victory Grace Park won the CJ Nine Bridges Classic yesterday, shooting a 7-under-par 65 for a five-stroke victory yesterday. Park finished at 16-under-par 200.
Several dead in ethnic clashes in China -resident Several people were killed and houses were set on fire in clashes in central China between minority Muslims and members of the Han community sparked by the death of a girl in a traffic accident, a resident said.
Resident Evil 4 Exclusive No More October 31, 2004 - It looks like the folks at Capcom Entertainment were only kidding when they sternly insisted over and over again that the GameCube action-thriller Resident Evil 4 would forever remain exclusive to Nintendo #39;s console.
SINGH ON SONG YET AGAIN Vijay Singh #39;s magical season marches on after the Fijian claimed claimed his ninth win of the season last night - the most on the PGA Tour in 54 years - as he cruised to a five-stroke victory at the Chrysler Championship.
Tennis: Novak beats Nalbandian in five-set thriller Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic won the Swiss Indoors title at Basel on Sunday, defeating David Nalbandian of Argentina in a thrilling five-set final.
Bergkamp Backing Van Persie to Shine Van Persie scored a last-gasp equaliser to rescue Arsenal from the jaws of defeat against Southampton on Saturday. The visitors had looked certain to condemn Arsene Wengers side 
Unions in Nigeria Call for an Oil Strike Unions declared the top multinational oil company here, the Royal Dutch/Shell Group,  quot;an enemy of the Nigerian people quot; on Sunday and called for a Nov.
Undercover American agent sparks false alarm about Afghan suicide &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL, Afghanistan In Kabul, a US agent wearing an Afghan burqa fled police who tried to search her on Sunday, sparking fears of a suicide attack in the capital city.
China warns rising energy prices to lead to more inflation in 2005 BEIJING : Rising energy and raw material prices are pressuring inflation and will push up the consumer price index next year, state press cited the country #39;s top statistician as saying.
China warns US against restricting imports of cotton trousers BEIJING (AFP) - China has urged the US government not to limit imports of Chinese cotton trousers, warning such moves would violate WTO principles of free textile trade and hurt trade relations.
Giants: Without Moss, Vikings get trampled MINNEAPOLIS With big-play wide receiver Randy Moss on the sideline in street clothes with a strained hamstring, the rest of the Minnesota Vikings were suffering from amnesia.
Residents say martial law imposed on Chinese town after deadly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Martial law has been imposed on a town in central China after rioting between hundreds of members of the Han ethnic majority and Hui Muslims killed at least seven people, local residents said Monday.
N.Korea says US overture a  quot;crafty trick quot; nuclear programmes, saying the US approach was a  quot;crafty trick quot; to win presidential election votes. ruled out fresh talks despite appeals from the other participants to come to the table.
Office Depot Says It Will Cut 900 Jobs Office Depot plans to cut 900 jobs as it consolidates operations at eight call centers and offices in six states. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Office 
World #39;s Greatest Golfer, Vijay Singh is The PGA #39;s \$10 Million Man &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Fijian-born Vijay Singh became golf #39;s \$10 million man on Sunday when he won his ninth 2004 PGA Tour victory of the year at the Chrysler Championship.
Now That Curse Has Ended, Marketers Love Red Sox THE delirious fans of the Boston Red Sox are confident that last week #39;s World Series victory has  quot;reversed the curse quot; supposedly afflicting them since 1918.
Masters blow to Agassi ANDRE AGASSI #39;s chances of qualifying for the season-ending Masters Cup suffered a setback in Stockholm today. The No.1 seed lost 3-6 6-3 7-6 to Thomas Johansson in the (\$1.
King new Windies coach BRIDGETOWN, Barbados (CMC) - Reports last week that Australian Bennett King would become the West Indies #39; first ever foreign coach were confirmed at the weekend when the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) announced new appointments.
Miami #39;s defense becoming costly In the first four games of the season, the University of Miami had one of the best defenses in the country. Offseason talk was proving to be true that this group of defenders 
Iran bill backs nuclear energy drive a clear rejection of the UN atomic watchdog #39;s demand that Iran halt such activities. Uranium enrichment can be used both to produce nuclear power and to make atomic bombs.
Martial law in Chinese city after riot BEIJING - Martial law was declared in a town in central China after at least four people died in rioting, residents said on Monday.
Singapore #39;s Unemployment Rate Falls in Q3 Singapore #39;s unemployment rate fell in the third quarter of 2004 as job creation increased in tandem with the city-state #39;s strong economic growth, the government said Monday.
Izenberg: Hats off to Derby-less Frankel He is a mass of contradictions. In the jeweled circle of  quot;celebrity quot; trainers of thoroughbred horses, he is the face at the edge of the crowd because that #39;s as close as he wants to get to it.
Giants un-Daunted Daunte Culpepper is this, and Randy Moss is that. The Vikings #39; offense is unstoppable. How the heck do you think you can even slow them down?
Allawi warns of new assault on Fallujah BAGHDAD - Iraq #39;s interim prime minister said yesterday that efforts to resolve the conflict in Fallujah peacefully had entered their final phase and warned that  quot;our patience is running thin, quot; vowing to clear the city of militants who have carried out 
Arafat #39;s condition improving : Yasser Arafat telephoned his Palestinian colleagues, read telegrams from well-wishing world leaders, ate cereal and sipped tea - signs that his health may be on the upswing following three 
Kerry adviser raps Australian PM over pro-Bush comments SYDNEY : An adviser to US presidential challenger John Kerry has criticised Australian Prime Minister John Howard over  quot;inappropriate quot; public comments wishing for President George W. Bush to be reelected.
Crude Oil Rises After Nigerian Unions Call Strike to Cut Supply Crude oil rose in New York after reports said unions in Nigeria, the fifth-biggest supplier to the US, called a strike this month to disrupt the country #39;s oil exports.
UPDATE: Singapore 3Q Unemployment Rate Falls To 3-Yr Low SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore #39;s third-quarter unemployment rate fell to its lowest in more than three years, bettering market expectations, as more jobs were created in tandem with the city-state #39;s booming economic growth so far this year.
Office Depot cuts 900 jobs Office Depot Inc. will outsource most of its call-center operations, a move that will affect about 900 jobs, the second-largest US office supply retailer said Thursday.
Elections to Move Stocks in Short Term The outcome -- or lack of it -- of Tuesday #39;s US presidential contest will move stocks in the short term, but the election effect likely will wear off quickly 
Not as Much Ventured, but More to Gain? WHEN members of the Early Stage Venture Capital Alliance gathered here last month for its annual golf outing, the conversation turned - as it invariably does when venture capitalists congregate 
News: Resident Evil 4 For PS2 Nov 1st 2004 06:30. In a press release, Capcom announced that the latest entry in the Resident Evil series, Resident Evil 4, will be ported to the Playstation 2. Thought to be an exclusive game 
They think it #39;s OK to make money hijacking my PC A few months ago I wrote about Web browser hijacking. It #39;s a problem a lot of computer users are facing these days. You open your Internet Explorer, but instead of being directed to your homepage, you #39;re sent to some search engine you #39;ve never heard of.
Texans remain red hot Listening intently as the national media heaped praise on the Jacksonville Jaguars, the Texans wondered when their time would come.
Juventus extends Italian lead Rome, Italy (Sports Network) - Juventus stretched its lead in the Italian Serie A to five points on Sunday with a 3-0 win over Chievo.
Canes Reeling After Loss To UNC Obviously, we #39;re very disappointed, #39; #39; Miami #39;s coach said in the wake of a shocking 31-28 loss at North Carolina.
4BR/3B Home, Convenient- Ukrainian former Prime Minister and presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko casts his ballot as his daughter Sofia, bottom right, looks on at a polling station in Kiev, Sunday, Oct. 31, 2004.
Boy escapes from jaws of croc Darwin, Australia - A teenager in Australia #39;s Northern Territory made a narrow escape from the jaws of a crocodile that dragged him underwater, police said on Monday.
A new cousin found on island Flores Man has a great ring to it, and it is handier than Homo floresiensis, the actual moniker of mankind #39;s newest cousin. The first of these cousins found was about 3 feet tall, but recognizably human.
New England streak ends in Pittsburgh The Pittsburgh Steelers, who have waited since the 2001 AFC championship game to get the Patriots back in Heinz Field, ambushed the defending Super Bowl champions 34-20 on Sunday, snapping New England #39;s NFL-record 21-game winning streak.
Nikkei weakens ahead of poll The Nikkei 225 average is down 0.4 percent by midday Monday as caution about the dollar #39;s weakness and the US presidential election prompts selling of exporters such as Toyota ahead of its earnings announcement.
Ballmer #39;s open source assault gives Linux a leg-up: OSIA Microsoft chief executive officer, Steve Ballmer, has acknowledged Linux as the  quot;only game in town quot; when it comes to competing with the proprietary software heavyweight #39;s offerings, Australia #39;s peak open source body claims.
Middle East ; Bill backs pro-nuke energy drive in Iran Middle East News, TEHRAN - To cries of  quot;Death to America quot; and  quot;God is Greatest quot;, Iran #39;s hardliner-dominated parliament has passed a bill obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme.
Gunmen kill deputy governor of Baghdad Gunmen killed the deputy governor of Baghdad on his way to work on Monday, Iraqi officials said. Hatim Kamil was assassinated in a drive-by shooting this morning, said Baghdad Governor Ali al-Haidari.
China confirms more Internet cafe closures CHINA IS continuing its pogrom on the country #39;s Internet cafes and officially confirmed that it has shut more than 1,600 Internet cafes since February.
Bagle back from the dead THE BAGLE worm is back from the dead with three new variants which are different enough to avoid some AV scanners. McAfee, Symantec and Sophos also reported intercepting many samples of the new worms and advised customers to update antivirus signatures.
 #39;Perfect #39; Mauresmo cruises in Linz - Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France cruised to her fourth singles title this year, beating Russian Elena Bovina 6-2, 6-0 on Sunday in the final of the Generali Ladies #39; Open.
 #39;Ethnic violence #39; in China region Martial law has been imposed in parts of the Chinese province of Henan after ethnic clashes in which witnesses say several people were killed.
Baghdad deputy governor killed He says the deputy governor (Hatim Kamil) was on his way to work Monday when he was assassinated in a drive-by shooting. Another Iraqi official says two of the man #39;s bodyguards were wounded in the attack.
Ovitz Set for More Grilling Monday Cross-examination of former Walt Disney Co. president Michael Ovitz at the trial of a lawsuit brought by shareholders is scheduled to resume Monday, though 
Early rates rise tipped for Australia after near record imports CANBERRA : Near record high imports increased Australia #39;s trade deficit by 10.5 percent in September, according to new data, which analysts say raises the prospects for an early rise in interest rates.
ABN Amro warns of lower op. profit on US mortgage mkt LONDON (CBS.MW) -- ABN Amro (ABN) (NL:30110) warned 2004 operating profits will fall, hit by aa greater than expected hit from its US mortgage business.
MGM Gives Blow-By-Blow Report of Sale Process In a filing that could dispel rumors that the recent auction for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. was not competitive, the studio said winning bidder Sony Corp.
Singh hits \$10 million He becomes 1st to reach plateau in season earnings after win at Chrysler, his 9th of year. Vijay Singh will need time for this to sink in.
Redskins #39; loss may be Kerry #39;s gain John Kerry supporters got a welcome omen Sunday in the Green Bay Packers #39; 28-14 win over the Washington Redskins. According to NFL and political lore, if the Redskins win the last home game before Election 
Ferguson Adds Bergkamp to FA  #39;Hit-List #39; Newspaper reports this morning suggest Sir Alex Ferguson has added Dennis Bergkamp to his infamous dossier of evidence he hopes will condemn arch-rivals Arsenal, claiming the 
Japan stocks close lower The Nikkei share average fell 0.34 per cent by the close on Monday on selling of exporters, including Toyota Motor, which reported earnings after the market close, following a rise in the yen.
SingTel logs 38 user growth in Q3 Singapore Telecommunications , southeast Asia #39;s largest phone company, said on Monday its mobile phone user base rose 7.7 per cent in September to 56 million, reflecting robust growth in regional markets.
Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba to set up LCD panel venture TOKYO - Hitachi Ltd, Matsushita Electric Industrial Co and Toshiba Corp said Friday they have officially signed an accord to set up a joint venture to manufacture liquid crystal display panels for flat TVs in January.
China #39;s Shenzhou VI to carry two astronauts on five-day mission &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ZHUHAI, China : China #39;s second manned space flight will orbit the Earth for five days with two astronauts onboard in a mission scheduled for next year.
Fright Night in Chicago To be sure, it was a Halloween night horror show Sunday in the Windy City for the 49ers, who were so bad in their 23-13 loss to the Chicago Bears that it was downright scary.
Ailing Arafat Feeling Much Better: Aides Paris, Nov. 1 (NNN): Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is feeling better, his aides say, as he undergoes medical examinations in a French army hospital near Paris.
Baghdad Deputy Governor Assassinated Gunmen killed the deputy governor of Baghdad today on his way to work, Iraqi officials said. Hatim Kamil was assassinated in a drive-by shooting this morning, said Baghdad Governor Ali al-Haidari.
Developments concerning Iraq Iraq #39;s interim prime minister warns that efforts to resolve the standoff in Fallujah peacefully have entered their  #39; #39;final phase #39; #39; and says he won #39;t hesitate to launch  #39; #39;a military solution.
Taiwan takes steps to prevent new SARS outbreak TAIPEI, Taiwan: Taiwanese health officials urged the public Monday to check their temperatures daily and wear surgical masks when visiting hospitals, as the island began a series of measures to guard against a new SARS outbreak.
AMD rolls out low-cost online-access device in India US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
Two men to circle space for five days China #39;s second manned space flight will be conducted by two astronauts over five days in 2005.  quot;Shenzhou-VI will be blasted into space sometime next year, quot; said Zuo Saichun, a 
Crowd size could be in the eye of beholder But as soon as Mayor Thomas M. Menino #39;s staff announced that the crowd at Saturday #39;s Red Sox  #39; #39;rolling rally quot; celebration totaled 3.2 million people 
Ukraine to have second round of election anyway  official KIEV, October 31 (Itar-Tass) -- Ukraine will have the second round of the presidential election, no matter what results of exit polls may be.
Top Baghdad official shot dead Gunmen have assassinated the deputy governor of Baghdad and wounded two of his bodyguards, Iraqi officials say. Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah was killed in a drive-by shooting in the southern Dora district of the capital, an Interior Ministry spokesman said.
TIP SHEET: Travel -- Vacationers shop as part of their fun In fact, more than half of people in a recent survey (51 percent) said they #39;d done holiday gift shopping while on vacation, spending an average of \$2,000.
Shell coy on bosses #39; performance-related pay OIL giant Royal Dutch Shell, to be formed from the merger of Netherlands-based Royal Dutch and London-based Shell Transport  amp; Trading, is understood to be considering sharply-increased performance-related bonus packages for leading directors such as new 
MERCK RECEIVES APPROVABLE LETTER FOR ARCOXIA; EMPHASIZES ITS &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On the same day that Merck  amp; Co. Inc. announced its receipt of an approvable letter from the Food and Drug Administration for use of Arcoxia (etoricoxib) in several inflammatory conditions, the company said 
 #39;Lo #39; and behold! The internet turns 35 LOS ANGELES - Researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles are celebrating the anniversary of the first message sent over what would eventually become the internet.
Second manned space mission in 2005: China Beijing, Nov. 1. (PTI): China #39;s second manned space flight will orbit the earth for five days with two astronauts on-board in a mission scheduled next year.
World ; Australian board congratulates new Windies coach  quot;Over many years, Bennett King has made an outstanding contribution to the progress and development of Australia #39;s emerging players, quot; said Robertson.
China slams Bush on eve of poll BEIJING, China -- In a hard-hitting commentary on the eve of US elections, China has slammed the war in Iraq, saying it has destroyed the global war on terror.
Visteon pays employees to buy Ford cars, aid race with Chevy VAN BUREN TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Visteon Corp. is offering its 8,100 white-collar employees \$1,000 cash bonuses to buy Ford Motor Co. vehicles and boost its largest customer and former parent company in its race with General Motors Corp.
Airbus plans more links with China Airbus SAS, the world #39;s biggest aircraft-maker, plans to source more parts for its planes from China and to set up an engineering base there, the head of the company #39;s operations in the country said.
XBox Owner Sues Microsoft drusoicy writes  quot;Reuters is reporting that Sean Burke has filed suit against Microsoft because his XBox system stopped reading discs (games or otherwise) after less than one year of use.
It #39;s the same old story for Panthers: SEATTLE - The Seattle Seahawks didnt need any tricks to defeat the Carolina Panthers on Halloween Sunday, just some good old-fashioned smashmouth football.
Football Game Could Lead to Kerry Win According to Sunday #39;s NFL results, John Kerry is the odds-on favourite to win the US Election. The Washington Redskins loss on Sunday could mean the Democrat will win the election.
Plummer takes bad with good Jake Plummer #39;s split personality was on full display Sunday during the Broncos #39; 41-28 loss to Atlanta. The good Jake threw for 499 yards, more than any other quarterback in Broncos history.
Allawi warns Fallujah assault is near Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi warned yesterday that efforts to resolve the standoff in Fallujah peacefully have entered their  quot;final phase 
Video shows British aid worker and her colleagues huddled beside a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MILITANTS holding the British aid worker Annetta Flanigan and two United Nations colleagues in Afghanistan have threatened to kill them within three days unless British troops and the UN quit the country.
Liberia faces disarmament deadline Armed UN troops backed by armoured personnel carriers enforced a nationwide disarmament deadline in Liberia on Sunday, days after a fresh burst of violence showed illicit weapons still at large in the war-battered West African 
Venezuelan president votes at regional election Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and his opposition candidates voted for state governors and mayorson Sunday, with tens of thousands of police and soldiers deployed around the country to maintain order.
US to ease loan goals for Fannie, Freddie - WSJ The US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) will propose an easing of rules that will require Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Freddie Mac (FRE.
Bonus bonanza for Shell bosses SHELL #39;S new chief executive Jeroen van der Veer is to be handed a beefed-up pay package as part of the planned merger of the firm #39;s Dutch and British arms.
Visteon: Buy a Ford, get a \$1,000 bonus A ploy to help Ford Motor Co. #39;s Ford brand win a tight sales race against General Motors Corp. #39;s Chevrolet could cost financially strapped auto parts maker Visteon Corp.
Brent oil to start trading in Dublin The New York Mercantile Exchange is to open a Brent crude oil futures trading floor in Dublin later this morning. The Exchange has leased space from the New York Board of Trade #39;s FINEX Dublin operation, with 
Less thinking, more winning The offense had been thinking too much, reacting to every defensive nuance, turning football into chess. Too much brain. Not enough brawn.
Giants defense is on the fast track MINNEAPOLIS - The gap between Gibril Wilson and Minnesota tight end Jermaine Wiggins was shrinking with every stride in the final seconds of the first quarter, with the Giants #39; rookie 
Notebook: Florida teams fall in polls The Miami Hurricanes and Florida State Seminoles tumbled in the Associated Press poll released yesterday, falling out of the Top 10 after being upset in road games.
IT #39;S A BIG STRIDE FOR POULTER AS SERGIO IS PIPPED IAN POULTER won a play-off with Sergio Garcia to ensure a memorable year for the Englishman last night. Poulter, the colourful character who loves to wear bright trousers, was part of the triumphant European Ryder Cup team.
Now Fergie accuses Bergkamp Sir Alex Ferguson has now accused Dennis Bergkamp of a stamp as the row over last Sundays clash Battle of Old Trafford II continues to simmer on.
Prime minister takes lead in Ukrainian election Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych took the official lead today in Ukraine #39;s presidential election but did not appear to have enough votes to avoid a runoff after balloting 
Who #39;s in line to take over the reins The parliament speaker would replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president for 60 days, until elections. But he is unlikely to hold onto that position during a turbulent transition; timely elections also seem unlikely.
Election likely to put investors in motion It #39;s not just voters who are ready for the presidential campaign to end. Investors are anxious to put Tuesday #39;s election behind them.
Visteon pays employees to buy Ford cars, aid race with Chevy Visteon Corp. is offering its 8,100 white-collar employees \$1,000 cash bonuses to buy Ford Motor Co. vehicles and boost its largest customer and former parent company in its 
Optus adds 200,000 mobile users The data from Optus #39; parent company, Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel), showed Optus had 5.92 million mobile phone customers at the end of September, compared to 5.72 million at the end of June.
Upsets shake up ACC Losses by Florida State and Miami leave Virginia Tech and Virginia in position to control their own destiny as they chase conference football title.
Arafat condition improves, illness still a mystery PARIS Palestinian officials say a medical report on Yasser Arafat #39;s condition will be issued tomorrow or Wednesday. They say he #39;s not suffering  quot;from any serious problem.
Sri Lanka frustrate sloppy Pakistan Karachi, Pakistan - Sri Lankan tailenders on Monday frustrated butter-fingered Pakistani fielders on the fifth and final day of the second cricket Test.
Shell restructures Dutch gas business Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell said on Monday it had agreed to a restructuring of its Gasunie gas division with the Dutch government and business partner ExxonMobil.
Volkswagen Union Stages Warning Strikes at 3 German Factories Volkswagen AG workers demonstrated outside three factories during the latest round of talks between Europe #39;s biggest carmaker and the union representing the company #39;s German employees.
Eagles tough out a win Eagles coach Andy Reid was just 10 seconds into his postgame press conference, and he had already said the word  quot;tough quot; four times.
Chelsea Football Club eye 15 million Owen swoop Chelsea Football Club are keen to test Real Madrids resolve to keep Michael Owen with a big money January move for the striker.
Poulter beats Garcia in play-off Ian Poulter won a play-off with Sergio Garcia yesterday to guarantee his season is remembered for more than funny trousers and a Ryder Cup cap.
FERGIE vs WENGER - YAWN Everyone is moaning about the fallout from last weekend but they keep on reporting the aftermath.  #39;The fall-out from the so-called  quot;Battle of Old Trafford quot; continues to settle over the nation and the debate 
Ukrainian PM Yanukovich Takes Early Lead in Presidential Race Ukrainian prime minister Viktor Yanukovich held a slim lead in Ukraine s presidential race as of 10:00 Monday morning, with 41 percent compared to Viktor Yuschenkos 38 percent, according to partial results.
Toyota #39;s 2nd-Qtr Profit Shrinks on Truck Unit #39;s Slump (Update4) Toyota Motor Corp., the world #39;s second- largest carmaker, had an unexpected drop in quarterly profit as investment earnings at its truck making unit fell and a stronger yen cut the value of overseas sales.
Singapore jobless rate falls Singapore #39;s unemployment rate improved in the third quarter reflecting the improving economic environment. The seasonally adjusted overall unemployment rate fell to 3.4 percent at 
A gumshoe #39;s in charge Still sounding like a prosecutor, though, Cherkasky is demanding accountability from execs at Marsh  amp; McLennan, the beleaguered firm he has led for less than a week.
Steelers halt Pats #39; streak Dampening the joy in Mudville, the turnover-prone, injury-bitten Patriots lost for the first time in 22 games, 34-20, at Heinz Field yesterday, leaving the 7-0 Eagles as the NFL #39;s only unbeaten team.
Dein peace vow undermined After United boss Sir Alex Ferguson made allegations of  #39;thuggery #39; against Thierry Henry on Friday, Arsenal vice- chairman David Dein held fresh talks with United chief executive David Gill yesterday.
NFL roundup On a day dominated by offense, it took a defensive back to settle things. Indianapolis star Peyton Manning had thrown five touchdowns when he lofted the ball into Kansas 
US issues terror warning in northern Europe HELSINKI, Finland - United States embassies in northern Europe said they have received threat information and urged Americans living in the Nordic and Baltic regions to be cautious.
Tokyo shares down ahead of US elections Share prices closed lower in Tokyo this morning, ahead of the outcome of tomorrow #39;s US presidential election. New terrorist threats also prompted caution, following the airing on Friday of a videotaped message 
SOUNESS BLASTS BOLTON #39;S STYLE Graeme Souness was quick to criticise Bolton #39;s tactics after watching his Newcastle United side crash to a 2-1 defeat at the Reebok Stadium on Sunday.
Finish line, November 1 Andre Agassi lost the Stockholm (Sweden) Open final in a third-set tiebreaker to Thomas Johansson, who won 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (7-4) to capture this tournament for the second time.
Tom  amp; Lewis team up, Tom Coughlin and his staff drilled it into the players last week not to give up if the ball was not caught. The way the play develops, it could be a lateral and a live ball.
Mutu facing a damages claim Adrian Mutu, already fighting to save his career after being sacked by Chelsea, is now facing a claim for compensation from the club over his lost transfer value.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s St George FY Net Up 18;Outlook Rosy By Morag MacKinnon Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australia #39;s fifth-largest lender, St. George Bank Ltd. (SGB.AU) reported an 18 rise in full year net profit to A\$717 million on Monday, and separated 
Kutaragi comments on PSP prici SCE #39;s outspoken president speaks out on the PSP for the first time since the price announcement this week. Sony Computer Entertainment president Ken Kutaragi (shown here at a press event held earlier this 
Manchester United Football Club manager wants Bergkamp charged Manchester United Football Club boss Sir Alex Ferguson believes both Dennis Bergkamp and Thierry Henry should be investigated by the FA for incidents in the game at Old Trafford last Sunday.
Deadline Set for Hostages in Afghanistan Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages in Afghanistan said they would give officials until Friday to meet their demands that the United Nations withdraw from the country and the US release Guantanamo Bay prisoners.
Ethnic groups battle in central China Chinese authorities offered no details Monday on weekend clashes between ethnic Chinese and Muslims that may have killed 148 in central China #39;s Henan province.
Baghdad Deputy Governor Shot Dead Insurgents in Iraq struck a fresh blow today, shooting dead the deputy governor of Baghdad on his way to work. Hatim Kamil was killed when gunmen 
Mobile phone gaming set to boom LONDON - Video game and mobile phone companies are set to rake in the cash this year as customers use phones to zap space invaders or sink game-winning golf putts, pushing the mobile gaming market over US\$1 billion (NZ\$1.
Volkswagen Workers Stage New Stoppages Volkswagen workers staged a new round of brief stoppages early Monday, keeping up pressure on the automaker ahead of wage talks in which the company is sticking to a demand for a two-year pay freeze.
Toyota Profits Jump in First Fiscal Half Toyota Motor Corp. reported an 11.4 percent jump in earnings for the first fiscal half Monday, as sales growth in North America, Europe and Japan offset losses from an unfavorable exchange rate.
Air China inaugural flight lands at Dubai International Airport The Department of Civil Aviation Dubai, last night welcomed the inaugural Air China flight CA 941 from Beijing to Dubai International Airport.
Future of the web is on the move At the annual gathering in Cannes, France next week, Gartner analyst Alexander Linden will identify several of the long-term technology trends and innovations whose seeds were sown in the days of the tech bubble.
Explosion Kills Four in Tel Aviv Market TEL AVIV, Israel - An explosion went off Monday in a crowded open-air market in Tel Aviv, and a TV report said at least four people were killed.
Friday deadline set for hostages in Afghanistan Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages in Afghanistan said they would give officials until Friday to meet their demands that the United Nations withdraw from the country and the US release Guantanamo Bay prisoners 
ABN Amro Profit Rises, Buoyed by Sale of Asia Stake (Update4) ABN Amro Holding NV, the largest Dutch bank, said profit rose 26 percent in the third quarter, buoyed by a gain from selling its stake in Bank of Asia Pcl.
Arafat #39;s condition improving but further tests needed, say &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An ailing Yasser Arafat entered a fourth day of emergency treatment Monday at a French military hospital specializing in blood disorders, but the cause of his precipitous decline in health remained unexplained.
Top Baghdad official assassinated The deputy governor of Baghdad has been assassinated in a drive-by shooting in a southern neighborhood. Unknown insurgents gunned down Hatem Kamel Abdul Fatah on Monday morning while 
UK urged to join US insurance action BRITAIN #39;S largest financial institutions are being urged to take lead roles in lawsuits seeking hundreds of millions of dollars from the scandal-struck US insurance industry.
Armed police start Singapore patrols Special operations forces, armed with machine guns, began patrolling Singapore #39;s residential neighbourhoods and busy shopping districts to thwart a potential terror attack in the city-state, a staunch US ally.
Netherlands Buys Gas Pipes From Exxon, Shell Venture (Update1) The Netherlands, Europe #39;s third-largest gas producer, agreed to pay 2.78 billion euros (\$3.55 billion) to buy the natural gas pipeline stakes of Royal/Dutch Shell Group and Exxon Mobil Corp.
JP Morgan will stay as Gold Fields advisor-source US investment bank JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co (JPM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will continue advising on a defenc strategy for South Africa #39;s Gold Fields (GFIJ.
End of an era as Times ditches broadsheet for compact LONDON - After 216 years of broadsheet life, The Times today followed in the footsteps of The Independent, moving to a compact only format after almost a year of dual publication.
Microsoft Deepens Indemnity In the wake of rising concerns within companies about intellectual-property lawsuits over software, Microsoft is considering ways to broaden the indemnification policy that provides legal protection to its customers.
Toyota Motor interim net profit up 11.4 percent to hit record high Japan #39;s top carmaker Toyota Motor said its interim net profit rose 11.4 percent to a record 584 billion yen (5.5 billion dollars) thanks to brisk sales both at home and overseas.
New Bagle variants storm the internet Latest versions of the Bagle worm have appeared in the internet, prompting anti-virus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
BREAKING POINT DJIBRIL CISSE faces a year out of football with a horror double leg-break that has plunged Liverpool into a major crisis. French striker Cisse snapped two bones in his left leg above the ankle 
Four die in suicide attack A suspected Palestinian suicide bomber killed at least four people in Tel Aviv #39;s main market today. The Tel Aviv fire brigade said at least four people were killed in the explosion in the Carmel market in the centre of the city.
Afghan hostage deadline extended Militants holding three UN workers hostage in Afghanistan have said they will give officials until Friday to meet their demands. The group had previously suggested it would start killing the hostages on Wednesday 
Will sagging Dow predict the winner? From the sales of Halloween masks to the outcome of a Washington Redskins game, amateur prognosticators are looking for almost any indicator that might point to who will 
Part of the ECT News Network The discovery of a skeleton of a woman barely three feet tall who hunted tiny elephants and huge rats 18,000 years ago could rewrite the story of human evolution, scientists say.
Ballmer #39;s Linux Spin Microsoft #39;s CEO argues that Windows is cheaper and more secure than its open-source rival. Do the facts support him? By John Foley.
Bambino #39;s curse still working magic The curse of the Bambino, which in popular lore prevented the Boston Red Sox from winning the World Series for 86 years, lives on in some commercial precincts.
Cisse operation successful MANCHESTER, Nov 1 (SW) - Following Djibril Cisse #39;s horrendous double break injury at the weekend, Liverpool have revealed the operation the striker underwent yesterday had been a success.
At least 4 killed in suicide attack in Tel Aviv At least four people were killed and 30 wounded in an explosion which ripped through an open market in central Tel Aviv on Monday, Israeli rescue workers and police said.
Several killed in ethnic clashes in Henan Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Thousands of police on Monday were guarding a country road outside a village in central China where eyewitnesses said rioting between hundreds of members of the Han ethnic majority and Hui Muslims killed at least seven 
Pakistani PM starts tour in Nepal Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is visiting Nepal Monday on the first leg of a tour to strengthen trade and cooperation between South Asian nations.
Gold Fields to publish bid attack Gold Fields executives will this week publish their most comprehensive attack to date on the hostile bid for their company, which was launched last month by rival Harmony.
GTA: San Andreas - an in-depth look There #39;s no use in arguing about it -- the Grand Theft Auto series for the PlayStation 2 is currently the driving force behind the video game industry.
Police: 3 dead in Tel Aviv suicide bombing At least three people were killed and 32 others wounded in a suicide bombing at an open-air market in Tel Aviv on Monday, Israeli police and ambulance services said.
Summary: Yanukovych leads Ukraine election UKRAINE VOTES: Near complete results from Sunday #39;s presidential election show Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych with 40 percent support and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko with 39 percent.
Shell, Esso sell part of Dutch gas company for 2.78 bln euros LONDON : Royal Dutch/Shell and Esso Nederlands, a division of ExxonMobil, announced the sale of transport activities in gas joint venture Gasunie to the Dutch government for 2.78 billion euros (3.
Update 1: Volkswagen Workers Stage New Stoppages Volkswagen AG workers staged a new round of brief stoppages early Monday, keeping up pressure on the automaker ahead of wage talks in which the company is sticking to a demand for a two-year pay freeze.
October probably had job growth US employers probably added 175,000 workers to payrolls in October, the most in five months, while the unemployment rate held at a three-year low of 5.4 percent, the median forecast in a Bloomberg News survey of economists shows.
At churches, an 8th sit-in begins amid hope, closing Anger, hope, and sadness pervaded at Boston-area Catholic churches yesterday, where parishioners staged more sit-ins at closing churches, prayed to 
Office Depot plans call centre closures, job cuts NEW YORK, November 1 (newratings.com) - Office Depot Inc (ODP.NYS) has announced its plans to consolidate its call centre and account management operations, leading to about 900 job cuts and a charge of about \$12.
Bagle.BC sparks red alert IT security experts have increased the threat rating of the newly discovered Bagle.BC infection to  #39;Red Alert #39; as the worm continues to spread rapidly worldwide, causing more and more incidents.
BEST Magazine #39;s best stuff of the season From fitness and photography to home entertainment and hi-definition computing BEST Magazine Senior Editor David Gregg has got the goods on some of the BEST STUFF of the season.
Rutan shares space dreams with UT students The man behind Space Ship 1 brought his love of adventure to the University of Texas on Friday. Burt Rutan spoke to students about space tourism.
Record-breaker Singh stretches ahead of Els in rankings Vijay Singh, the first player in PGA Tour history to earn more than \$10 million in a single season following his Chrysler Championship victory on Sunday, has strengthened his grip at the top of the world rankings.
Kenteris denies faking bike crash Kostas Kenteris, the Greek sprinter who quit the Olympics after failing a drugs test, has denied faking a motorcycle accident to avoid giving a doping sample.
Cisse blow for Liverpool Football Club The 14million summer signing broke his leg during the 2-2 draw at Blackburn Rovers on Saturday in a horrific injury, and he is almost certain to have kicked his last ball this season.
Park wins before home fans Park won the CJ Nine Bridges Classic at Jeju, South Korea, on Sunday, shooting a 7-under-par 65 for a 5-stroke victory and giving her game a big boost after a collapse in the final round two weeks ago.
Suicide bomber kills 4 in Tel Aviv #39;s Carmel Market Shortly before 11:30 am a large explosion was heard in Tel Aviv #39;s Carmel Market. A suicide bomber entered the market and blew himself up close to a stall at the corner of Hacarmel St.
Militants holding UN hostages set Friday deadline Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages in Afghanistan on Monday allowed four days for negotiations on their demand that the United Nations withdraw from the country.
Pakistani PM leaves for Nepal on three-nation South Asian tour Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz left here Monday for Nepal on the first leg of his four-day visit to three South Asian states aimed at boosting political and economic 
Iraqi cameraman killed in Ramadi An Iraqi television cameraman working for Reuters was killed on Monday during heavy fighting between US forces and insurgents in Ramadi, west of Baghdad, policeand witnesses said.
Hyderabad youth killed in police shootout A youth was killed in a shootout outside the DGP #39;s office in Hyderabad on Sunday evening. The incident took place after a group of nearly 25 persons who had gathered outside the office tried to block the way 
Toyota #39;s 2nd-Qtr Profit Shrinks on Yen, Units #39; Slump (Update5) Toyota Motor Corp., the world #39;s second- largest carmaker, had an unexpected drop in quarterly profit as earnings at its truck making unit fell and a stronger yen cut the value of its overseas sales.
ABN Amro Profits Rise in Third Quarter ABN Amro Holding NV, the Netherlands #39; largest bank, said net profits rose 26 percent in the third quarter, benefiting from a one-time gain on the sale of its stake in the Bank of Asia.
Google blocks Gmail exploit Google has fixed a flaw in its high-profile webmail service, Gmail, which created a possible route for hackers to gain full access hackers full access to a user #39;s email account simply by knowing their user name.
China criticizes Bush ahead of election On the eve of the US presidential election, China accused President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world, quot; saying the invasion of Iraq destroyed the global anti-terrorism 
Update 1: Toyota Profit Jumps As Sales Grow Globally Toyota Motor Corp. reported a slight dip in earnings in the second fiscal quarter but marked a record profit for the first fiscal half Monday, as sales growth in North America, Europe and Japan offset losses from an unfavorable exchange rate.
Shell in Dutch gas grid disposal Energy giant Shell is to sell its stake in the pipeline unit of Dutch gas firm Gasunie to the Dutch government. Both Shell and ExxonMobil are selling their stakes, with the Dutch government paying 2.78bn euros (\$3.
Nymex to Challenge IPE in Ireland The New York Mercantile Exchange opened its first overseas trading floor in oil futures Monday in a direct challenge to its main London-based rival, the International Petroleum Exchange.
Tyco Swings to Profit, Warns on Estimates Manufacturing conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. said Monday that it swung to a profit in the fourth quarter from a year-ago loss, but the company guided below consensus estimates for the first quarter of fiscal 2005.
Shuttles to return to flight in May NASA hopes to resume space shuttle flights in May 2005, officials said on Friday. But the agency has also confirmed it is considering reducing the number of planned shuttle flights - which could affect the 
RIAA Files 750 New File-trading Lawsuits The RIAA announced it has filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software.  quot;The 750 new lawsuits were against  quot;John Doe quot; defendants not yet identified by the RIAA.
Bomb in Tel Aviv Market Kills 3, Wounds 32 Police and rescue workers said the blast tore through the open-air Carmel market in Tel Aviv. Witnesses described a chaotic scene with the bodies of the dead and wounded shoppers scattered among the debris of wrecked market stalls.
Afghan kidnappers deny deadline extension A group threatening to kill three kidnapped foreigners working for the United Nations in Afghanistan has denied extending the deadline for the United States to release all Taliban and al Qaeda prisoners.
Reuters cameraman killed in Ramadi An Iraqi cameraman working for Reuters has been killed during heavy fighting between US forces and insurgents in Iraq #39;s western city of Ramadi on Monday, colleagues said.
US Stocks Seen Flat as Election Weighs US stocks were headed for a flat open on Monday a day ahead of the US Presidential election, as Wall Street awaits a clear-cut winner.
Ryanair signs engine maintenance deal with General Electric LONDON : Irish no-frills airline Ryanair said it had signed a 10-year engine maintenance deal with GE Engine Services, a division of US-based conglomerate General Electric.
Microsoft, Others File More Anti-Spam Lawsuits Microsoft Corp. and other Internet access providers filed three new lawsuits on Thursday to stop the spread of unsolicited e-mail messages touting everything from home refinancing to miracle health cures.
Suicide bomber kills 3 in Tel Aviv A Palestinian suicide bomber has hit a bustling open-air market in Tel Aviv, killing three people in a show of force by militants three days after Yasser Arafat was airlifted to France for urgent medical treatment.
Pakistan PM arrives in Nepal Kathmandu, Nov 1 (UNI) Pakistan Prime Minister and SAARC chairperson Shaukat Aziz arrived here today on a two-day visit to the Himalayan Kingdom.
Milosevic wins new defence rights Appeal judges in The Hague have ruled that former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic has the right to defend himself but must have stand-by lawyers.
Oracle sweetens Peoplesoft offer to \$24/shr Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , in the midst of a hostile takeover attempt of rival PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Monday raised its offer 
Gazprom sets up new daughter company Gazpromneft MOSCOW, November 1 (Itar-Tass) - Gazproms chief Alexei Miller has signed a document that founds the open joint stock company Gazpromneft and appoints as its director general Sergei Bogdanchikov, president of Rosneft, PRIME-TASS reported on Monday.
Oil Slows Manufacturing Growth Growth in manufacturing slowed from the euro zone to Japan in October as strong oil prices and a stuttering global economy took their toll, although British companies performed better, survey data showed.
Kerry campaign cheers Packers #39; victory The Green Bay Packers #39; 28-14 win over Washington on Sunday was, of course, good news for Packers fans, but it was especially good news for Packers fans who support Sen. John Kerry.
US posts warning for Nordic, Baltic states The US government has warned its citizens in Nordic and Baltic states of the threat of imminent terrorist attacks, the BBC said Monday.
Afghan hostages  #39;split up #39; Their abductors also extended the deadline on their demand for the United Nations to withdraw from the country until Friday. They had earlier suggested that they might start killing the hostages on Wednesday.
Afghan kidnappers negotiating with government An Afghan militant group threatening to kill three kidnapped foreigners said it was involved in negotiations through a mediator but denied extending the Wednesday deadline for their execution.
Shell restructures Dutch gas business The Dutch government is taking control of its country #39;s gas transport network in a deal that analysts say will boost competition in the Netherlands and ease the way for the creation of a single European gas market.
Report: Merck Tried to Bury Vioxx Concerns for Years Internal e-mails and other documents from Merck  amp; Co. show the company fought for years to keep safety concerns from undermining the drug #39;s commercial prospects, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
Taiwan Stocks Close Lower Taiwan shares ended lower Monday on concerns a new videotape of Osama bin Laden threatening the United States could spark panic selling on Wall Street on the last trading session before America #39;s presidential election day.
Gazprom Head Orders Creation of Gazpromneft Company Board chairman of the Russian natural gas monopoly Gazprom , Alexei Miller, has signed an order to found the Gazpromneft company, the RIA-Novosti news agency reports.
Honeywell to Bolster Research in India Aerospace and high-tech manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. will hire 1,000 software programmers and invest \$10 million in India over the next 12 months to bolster its research and development activities, an company official said Monday.
Delta #39;s position still precarious Georgia #39;s homegrown Delta Air Lines has scratched and clawed for three years now, trying to gain every concession it deemed necessary to avoid filing bankruptcy.
Yes, Linux Is Competition For Us, Admits Microsoft And this comes straight from the horses mouth! Software giant Microsoft has finally acknowledged Linux as its strongest competitor, much to the delight of Australias open source industry association (OSIA).
Herb Weisbaum: Privacy Concerns With Google Search Software SEATTLE - The latest search engine from Google could turn out to be a privacy nightmare! Once installed in a computer running Windows XP or Windows 2000 (with Service Pack 3 or higher), the Google Desktop 
China to launch Shenzhou VI China #39;s first manned spaceship, the Shenzhou V, was launched in October last year with one Chinese astronaut aboard for a one-day flight.
Suicide bomber kills 3 in Tel Aviv  quot;A male suicide bomber blew himself up in a vegetable stall, quot; Tel Aviv police chief David Tzur told reporters. There were four dead including the bomber, a police spokesman said.
Martial Law in Chinese Town After Riots Kill Seven China declared martial law in part of a central province after at least seven people were killed, 42 injured and numerous houses set ablaze in clashes between minority Muslims and Han Chinese, officials said on Monday.
Boeing bringing the fight to Airbus CHICAGO _ No one who has watched Harry Stonecipher over the years should be surprised that he has just thrown the biggest punch yet in Boeing Co.
ABN Amro #39;s Q3 profits up 26 Dutch bank ABN Amro today reported a 26 rise in net profit for the third quarter to 1.05 billion, mainly due to the exceptional gain from the sale of Bank of Asia but the operational results dropped slightly.
Hard calls whoever wins the White House NO ONE has any idea what will happen to stock markets this week because no one knows who will win the US election and, even if they did, they don #39;t know what a victory for either candidate would mean.
China shuts 1,600 cybercafes A furious China has shut down over 1,600 Internet cafes and arrested people in a bid to curb the menace of content which is harmful to public morality.
Smart Web Changes World AMSTERDAM -- A smarter internet and a host of cheap, web-enabled mobile devices will allow access to a whole range of services on the move, research group Gartner Dataquest said on Sunday, ahead of its ITXpo symposium.
Internet service providers file more spam lawsuits In a second round of lawsuits announced on Thursday, four major US Internet service providers (ISPs) are taking on senders of e-mail spam and unwanted commercial messages sent via instant messaging.
Ball in Henman #39;s court for Houston As if defending the Paris indoor title was not enough to worry about, Tim Henman knows that every competitive ball he hits in the next few days could have a bearing on whether he makes the line-up for the prestigious Masters Cup in Houston.
Highest US troop level ahead of Fallujah assault America has increased its troop numbers in Iraq to their highest levels since the war ended, it emerged today. Home leave has been delayed for several months for tens of thousands 
UN court rules Milosevic must keep lawyers, but can lead his own &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE HAGUE (AFP) - Judges at the UN war crimes court ruled that former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic can lead his own defense but must retain lawyers who were appointed by the tribunal in The Hague against his will.
Oracle ups PeopleSoft offer to \$24 per share Oracle, which is in the midst of a hostile takeover attempt of rival PeopleSoft, on Monday raised its offer for the smaller software company by \$3 per share to \$24 per share.
Singapore Extends War Insurance For Air Sector The Singapore government said on Monday it would extend third-party war-risk cover for the operator of Changi Airport and an aviation service provider due to a lack of commercial insurance alternatives.
Boeing Looks To China For 80 7E7 Orders Boeing hopes that Chinese airlines will soon place orders for up to 80 of its new 7E7  quot;Dreamliner quot; jets, according to the official publication of Airshow China 2004.
New Chinese missile featured at air show A new short-range missile built by China and capable of striking Taiwan was featured at this year #39;s Zhuhai airshow yesterday. The B611 surface-to-surface missile has a range of between 80 km and 150 km, promotional 
Market bomber kills five in Tel Aviv An apparent suicide bombing in a crowded Tel Aviv open-air market Monday killed at least five people and seriously injured more than 30 others.
Internet ad firm Doubleclick mulls sale NEW YORK - Internet marketer DoubleClick Inc., which is suffering from pricing pressures from online advertisers, said it had hired Lazard Freres  amp; Co.
Google plugs hole exposing Gmail mail-boxes Google has fixed a security flaw in its Gmail web-based e-mail service that allowed attackers to hijack users #39; e-mail accounts.
UPDATE 1-Oracle raises PeopleSoft offer, sets deadline Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company PeopleSoft Inc.
UPDATE 2-Tyco posts profit, outlook misses expectations Tyco International Ltd. (TYC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a quarterly profit, helped by strong demand for electronic parts and the absence of costly write-downs 
1,600 internet cafes closed in China The Chinese local governments have closed 1600 Internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100m yuan (\$12m) between February and August this year.
Golf: Vijay Singh wins Chrysler Classic Vijay Singh became the first golfer to earn \$10 million in a single season, after completing victory at the PGA Chrysler Classic at Palm Harbor in Florida on Sunday.
Michelin secure asphalt clean sweep. Markko Martin and his Michelin shod Ford Focus proved victory two weeks ago in Corsica owed nothing to the fact that his main opponent, Sebastien Loeb, had his sights set more on claiming the necessary points to clinch the 2004 Drivers #39; and Manufacturers 
Many Muslims Killed in Chinese Ethnic Clashes ZHENGZHOU, China, November 1 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Ethnic clashes between the Muslim Hui minority and the Han majority in central China #39;s Henan province left several Muslims killed and many others wounded, prompting local authorities to 
Shell Try to Block Nigeria Oil Strike Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell Group opened a court action Monday to try to block a strike targeting oil exports in the world #39;s No.
Shell sells Dutch pipeline stake The Dutch government is taking control of its country #39;s gas transport network in a deal that analysts said will boost competition in the Netherlands and ease the way for the creation of a single European gas market.
Intel to unveil 1066MHz FSB Pentium 4EE CPU this week Intel plans to unveil its first Pentium 4 Extreme Edition (EE) processor compatible with a 1066MHz front side bus (FSB) this week, according to sources at Taiwan motherboard makers.
End of broadsheet Times 216 years of publishing history ends on Monday, as The Times switches to a tabloid format. The decision to go fully compact - after trials in London and around the country - was made after sales of the newspaper jumped 4.5 per cent.
Time  #39;nearly up #39; for Iraq peace deal IRAQS interim prime minister warned that time is running out for a peace settlement in Fallujah as Scottish troops today began relieving American forces who are set to attack the rebel stronghold.
Tyco Sells Unit to India Phone Provider Manufacturing conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. said Monday that it agreed to sell its Tyco Global Network unit to Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd.
Sainsburys Back King, Bid Talk Silly, #39; Family Says (Update1) The Sainsbury family backs Chief Executive Justin King #39;s strategy to turn around Britain #39;s third- biggest supermarket chain, Jessica Sainsbury said, and speculation of a takeover is silly.
St George lifted by lending ST GEORGE Bank has continued to post big gains from its lending with the Sydney based company producing an 18 per cent lift in after tax profit to \$717 million.
Jobless rate in Singapore declines to a 3-year low SINGAPORE Singapore #39;s unemployment rate fell to its lowest in more than three years in the third quarter, the government said Monday, as manufacturers and service companies increased investment in the city-state, creating new jobs.
Next Chinese manned space trip in 2005 China #39;s second manned space flight will orbit the earth for five days with two astronauts onboard in a mission scheduled next year.
Dell Spyware Decision Spurs New Trend Dell reported that earlier this year, an average of 12 percent of all customer support calls to its help desk were for spyware-related trouble.
Henman Qualifies for Masters Cup as Rivals Withdraw From Paris Tim Henman of the UK qualified for the season-ending Masters Cup tennis tournament in Houston this month after Andre Agassi and David Nalbandian, his closest rivals in the rankings, withdrew from this week #39;s Paris Masters.
Qureia condemns Tel Aviv attack Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia denounced Monday #39;s suicide attack in Tel Aviv, dismissing fears it might endanger Yasser Arafat #39;s return to Ramallah.
Iran sees 50 pct chance of nuclear compromise Iran is ready to walk out of nuclear talks with the European Union and face the UN Security Council if the EU insists on demanding Tehran scrap uranium enrichment, a senior Iran security official says.
States and rivals attack Wal-Mart health policy In the debate over what to do about the growing number of working people in the United States with little or no health insurance, no company may be taking more heat than the country #39;s largest employer, Wal-Mart Stores.
Airbus to Set Up Center in China Next Year Airbus SAS plans to set up an engineering center in China next year to focus on new generation jets for the mainland #39;s fast-growing aviation market, the French aircraft maker said Monday.
Oil Extends Rebound Ahead of Election Oil prices extended a bounce from three-week lows on Monday, climbing back above \$52 for US crude amid jitters over tight global winter fuel stocks and this week #39;s US presidential election.
CA #39;s Open-Source Ingres Now Available The company is shipping the open-source database for Linux and Windows to revive its usage. By Darrell Dunn. Computer Associates on Monday will take the next step in its open-source strategy with the announcement 
China aims at five-day space shot China #39;s second manned space flight will carry two astronauts into space and will orbit the Earth for five days. The country #39;s space authorities made the announcement about the mission, which is scheduled for 
Smart Web to Usher in Host of New Services-Gartner A smarter Internet and a host of cheap, Web-enabled mobile devices will allow users to access a whole range of services on the move, research group Gartner Dataquest said on Sunday, ahead of its ITXpo symposium.
Futility still a theme for the  #39;cursed #39; few Bee Staff Writer. If misery loves company, the baseball fans of Chicago are in big trouble. They don #39;t have the Boston Red Sox to kick around anymore.
Suicide Bomber Kills Three in Tel Aviv A 16-year-old Palestinian blew himself up in a crowded outdoor market in central Tel Aviv on Monday, killing three Israelis and wounding 32 in the first such attack 
Ruling Party Wins Botswana Elections As expected, the ruling Botswana Democratic Party (BDP) headed by President Festus Mogae won the elections, winning 29 of the 57 seats up for election, giving Mogae a second five-year term in office.
US Spending Up in Sept., Inflation Tame US consumer spending climbed 0.6 percent as expected in September and inflation remained benign, government data showed on Monday, as shoppers splashed out after showing restraint the previous month.
Oracle boosts offer for PeopleSoft REDWOOD SHORES, CALIF. - Oracle Corp. has again raised the stakes in its long-running attempt to take over rival PeopleSoft Inc. On Monday, Oracle boosted its bid by another 14.
St George roars with \$717m net ST GEORGE Bank chief executive Gail Kelly yesterday delivered a bullish two-year forecast of double-digit earnings growth, as an expansion of business lending and new branches in Victoria helped the nation #39;s fifth-biggest bank withstand a margin crunch to 
Report: Merck Played Down Vioxx Risks For several years before and after Vioxx was approved for commercial use, executives of Merck (MRK:NYSE - news - research) were reportedly aware of ?
Nymex launches Dublin oil trading US energy exchange Nymex has set up a new oil trading floor in Dublin, Ireland, in a move it hopes will lure disenchanted dealers from London.
NASA eyes May launch for Shuttle NASA has announced that the Space Shuttle will take to the skies once more next year, in a launch window that lasts from mid May to early June.
iTunes going places, but no music for our ears APPLE Computer has extended its online iTunes Music Store downloading service to nine more countries, but not Australia. The countries now able to download songs legally via the Apple system are Austria, Belgium 
Bayliss in timely return to podium AUSTRALIAN Troy Bayliss boosted his chances of securing a MotoGP seat for next year with a podium finish at the last race of the season in Spain yesterday.
Wet-weather plunge on Vinnie WITH the heavens set to open over Melbourne this morning, one of Australia #39;s biggest bookmakers predicts a rush of money so large for Irish galloper Vinnie Roe that he will become the new favourite for today #39;s Melbourne Cup.
Johansson beats Agassi in final STOCKHOLM, Sweden (Ticker) - With the support of the home crowd, Sweden #39;s Thomas Johansson finally beat Andre Agassi. Johansson rallied from a set down and defeated the top-seeded Agassi, 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (7-4 
Two in a row for hot Molik ALICIA Molik has become the first Australian in 17 years to win consecutive WTA Tour titles, defeating Russia #39;s Dinara Safina in the final of the Luxembourg Open.
Injured pitching ace makes surprise appearance for Bush Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling made a surprise appearance Monday morning with President Bush, limping to the stage to give Bush a strong endorsement.
Four dead in Tel Aviv bombing AT least four people were killed and 30 more were wounded last night by a suicide bomber in an open-air market in the heart of Tel Aviv, the first such attack by Palestinian militants in Israel in more than two months.
UPDATE 2-Oracle raises PeopleSoft offer, sets deadline Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company PeopleSoft Inc.
Takeover rumours spur Sainsbury stock Shares in J Sainsbury have risen by 3 per cent on mounting rumours of a potential 8 billion bid involving Allan Leighton, the serial director.
General Director of Gazpromneft appointed RBC, 01.11.2004, Moscow 16:53:43.Sergey Bogdanchikov has been appointed Gazpromneft General Director. A corresponding decision was signed by Gazprom CEO Alexey Miller, the gas giant said in a released statement.
Human races When Indonesian archaeologists uncovered the remains of several ancient skeletons in a remote island cave, the discovery was hailed as introducing modern humans to an unfamiliar two-legged cousin: Homo floresiensis.
Will Packers Help Kerry For President? FORT WORTH, Texas -- If history and supersititons are replayed, John Kerry can thank the Green Bay Packers. During the past 17 presidential elections, the outcome of the most recent Washington Redskins home 
Forsyth mulls over that late Volvo stutter ALASTAIR FORSYTH is today pondering over the loose shots that saw the Volvo Masters slip from his grasp at Valderrama. The Paisley golfer had gone into the final round with a three- stroke lead but a poor 
Wachovia Completes SouthTrust Acquisition Wachovia Corp. has completed a \$14.3 billion acquisition of SouthTrust Corp. to create the largest bank in the Southeast, both banks said Monday.
Netherlands Buys Gas Pipes From Exxon, Shell Venture (Update2) The Netherlands, Europe #39;s No. 3 natural- gas producer, will pay Exxon Mobil Corp. and Royal/Dutch Shell Group 2.78 billion euros (\$3.
The Times goes tabloid UNDER the ownership and editorial direction of a pair of Australians, Britain #39;s venerable newspaper The Times today turned tabloid.
US stem cells tainted by mouse material The stem cell lines available for federally-funded research in the US have characteristics which mean they may never be used for medical treatments in humans, a new study suggests.
Valentino Rossi and Formula 1 MotoGP star Valentino Rossi has often been linked to a switch to four-wheeled racing but it is not going to happen in the immediate future, if at all.
Wolverhampton fires manager Jones Wolves manager Dave Jones was dismissed Monday with the relegated club struggling near the bottom of the former First Division. Jones, who had been in charge at Molineux since 
Suicide Bomber Kills 3 in Israel with Arafat Abroad A Palestinian teenager blew himself up an open-air market in Tel Aviv on Monday, killing three people in a show of strength by militants three days after Yasser Arafat was airlifted to France for urgent medical care.
Kabul kidnappers demand foreign troop pullout ISN SECURITY WATCH (01/11/04) - The breakaway Taliban group Jaish-e-Muslimeen (Army of Muslims) has threatened to execute three foreign hostages unless all international troops leave Afghanistan and all Muslim prisoners are freed from US jails.
Iraqi vice president looms of imposing the emergency law, Falluja &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; While the American forces are preparing to launch a large- scale attack against Falluja and al-Ramadi, one of the chieftains of Falluja said that contacts are still continuous yesterday between members representing the city #39;s delegation and the interim 
Oracle Ups PeopleSoft Offer Oracle (Quote, Chart) issued a final \$24 per share offer for PeopleSoft (Quote, Chart), gearing up for a final run at the elusive enterprise applications company it has been trying to acquire since June 2003.
CASTING ITS  #39;NET DoubleClick, the one-time darling of dot-com advertising, is on the block, The Post has learned. DoubleClick, which has seen its fortunes steadily decline since the Internet 
Intel #39;s Stealth Release In his recent review of the Athlon 64 FX-55 processor, Jason Cross noted  quot;other things being equal, these chips have demonstrated nearly 100 clock scaling efficiency in many cases.
The Matrix Online finds its voice  quot;80 of Americans could correctly name the first President Bush #39;s pet dog Millie, but only 15 knew that both President Bush and the challenger, Bill Clinton, favoured the death penalty quot; Link.
Place your bets for the party of the year and as many as 15,000 tipped to head to Adelaide #39;s biggest Melbourne Cup party at Morphettville Racecourse -ere praying for the rain to stay away.
UN appeals for release of Kabul kidnap trio The UN has issued an appeal for the immediate return of its three staff members, which included a woman from Northern Ireland, kidnapped in Kabul last week.
Consumers return in Sept.; spending up 0.6 Consumer spending climbed 0.6 in September, in line with expectations, as shoppers splashed out after showing restraint the month before, government data showed Monday.
DoubleClick Rises on Buyout Hopes DoubleClick (DCLK:Nasdaq - news - research) vaulted higher Monday after announcing it had hired a financial adviser to explore options that include a possible sale of the company.
UPDATE 1-Valero to acquire Kaneb Services, Pipe Line Valero LP (VLI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy Kaneb Services LLC (KSL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Kaneb Pipe Line Partners LP (KPP.
L-3 Communications to Buy CAE #39;s Marine Unit for C\$328 Million L-3 Communications Holdings Inc., the world #39;s second-biggest maker of bomb detectors, agreed to buy the marine controls unit of CAE Inc.
Intel boards a faster bus, picks up Dell Intel Corp. is expected to release a faster version of its powerful but expensive Pentium 4 Extreme Edition processor on Monday alongside the introduction of a chipset that uses a faster front-side bus to connect the processor and the memory.
Usefulness of available stem cells questioned All of the human embryonic stem cells available to federally funded scientists under President Bush #39;s three-year-old research policy share a previously unrecognized trait that 
Gmail Accounts Vulnerable to XSS Exploit mallumax writes  quot;A security hole in GMail has been found (an XSS vulnerability) which allows access to user accounts without authentication.
OpForce takes on apps Veritas has announced a new version of its OpForce provisioning software that can help administrators install and manage applications as well as operating systems on servers.
iTunes 4.7 disables iPod Download application We interrupt the worldwide iPod love-fest to complain a bit. Hey Apple, WTF, the very useful app iPod Download made our iPod 10 times better, we were finally able to easily get music off our iPod, but 
Matrix cast to lend voice talent to Matrix Online The Matrix Online will benefit from the voice talents and likenesses of many of the movie trilogy #39;s original cast, Warner Bros.
Molik on cusp of world top 10 ALICIA Molik has become the first Australian woman in 17 years to win consecutive WTA Tour titles, beating Dinara Safina in the final of the Luxembourg Open.
IOC Chief Positive on China #39;s Olympic Bid International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge, second right, unveils an Olympic flag with Tu Mingde, Vice President of the Chinese Olympic Committee, left, Yu Zaiqing, Chinese Vice Minister of Sports, second left, and Liu Jingmin, President of 
Jones sacked after dismal start The club have made a dismal start to the season and are lying 19th in the Championship. A 1-0 defeat by relegation battlers Gillingham proved the final straw and chairman Rick Hayward met with Jones this morning.
US consumer spending soars by 0.6 in September, led by auto &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US consumers, who substantially slowed their spending in late summer, roared back to life in September, boosting their purchases by 0.6 per cent.
Delta lands \$500M in financing No. 3 US airline gets commitment from GE Commercial Finance as it looks to avoid bankruptcy. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.
L-3 to Buy CAE Marine Controls Division L-3 Communications Corp., which supplies products used in aerospace and defense platforms, agreed to buy CAE Inc. #39;s Marine Controls division for about \$225 million cash and the assumption of about \$42.
BorgWarner Takes Over Supplier Beru US automotive company BorgWarner Inc. said Monday it is buying a controlling stake in German supplier Beru AG and would make an offer for the remaining shares in a nearly \$800 million deal that it hopes will strengthen its position with global automakers.
Balfour Beatty wins work on largest mall Balfour Beatty staff are this month to begin work on the world #39;s biggest shopping centre in Dubai after forming part of a team which has won the 400 million contract to construct the building.
iTunes 4.7 Disables iPod Download The Mac Observer has confirmed through testing that the recently recently announced iTunes 4.7 release disables iPod Download, a plug-in to iTunes that allowed 
Sharon says Tel Aviv blast proves no change in Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM, Nov 1 (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday #39;s suicide bombing in Tel Aviv which killed three Israelis proved there had been no change in the Palestinian leadership despite the absence of its ailing leader Yasser Arafat, army 
Fresh US troops arrive in Iraq, ex Gunmen assassinated Baghdad #39;s deputy governor on Monday, and voter registration for vital January elections began as fresh American soldiers arrived in the capital - reinforcements 
Nordic leaders say US terror alert serious but security already &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; STOCKHOLM, Nov 1 (AFP) - Prime ministers of the five Nordic countries meeting here on Monday said they were worried by a US warning of potential terror attacks in the region, but claimed that security was high enough to ward off the threat.
Oracle Raises PeopleSoft Bid by 14 to \$8.8 Billion (Update5) Oracle Corp. raised its takeover offer for PeopleSoft Inc. by 14 percent to \$8.8 billion, increasing the pressure on the smaller software company to give up its 17-month fight against the bid.
Manufacturing Sector Grows in October NEW YORK - Activity in the nation #39;s manufacturing sector grew in October for the 17th straight month, but at a slower pace than the previous month, the Institute for Supply Management reported Monday.
Delta Gets Letter for \$500 Million Credi Delta Air Lines Inc., the third-largest carrier in the world, said Monday that it signed a commitment letter from GE Commercial Finance to provide \$500 million of financing to the beleaguered airline.
Update 1: Humana Reports Sharply Higher 3Q Profit Humana Inc. reported sharply higher third-quarter earnings Monday on the strength of broad gains in the health benefit company #39;s commercial and government business.
CHINA: Textile Industry Slates US  quot;Trade Protectionism quot; Chinese textile exporters have lashed out at the latest attempts by the US to restrict imports of textile and garment products. The Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements, an interagency group 
Intel Boards a Faster Bus New Pentium 4 Extreme Edition processor will be available in a high-end PC from Dell. Intel is expected to release a faster version of its powerful but expensive Pentium 4 Extreme Edition processor this week 
IT Confidential: Spim, Spam, Spyware, And The Flu Vaccine It #39;s called  quot;spim, quot; and it #39;s the instant-messaging equivalent of spam--a shotgun blast of unwanted advertisements via instant-messaging tools or chat rooms.
Resident Evil 4 coming to PS2  #39;end of 2005 #39; A PlayStation 2 version of the hugely-anticipated Resident Evil 4 will be released in Japan at the end of 2005, Capcom has confirmed, ending the long-term exclusivity arrangement it had previously signed with Nintendo.
BT spins prop on SME VoIP promo BT has cut the ribbon on a new internet telephone service aimed at small and medium-sized companies (SMEs). The  quot;BT Business Broadband Voice quot; service lets workers save money on voice calls by routing them over the net.
Srichaphan sets up clash with Henman in Paris Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand beat Argentine Mariano Zabaleta 7-6 (3), 6-4 in a first round match Monday at the Paris Masters, setting up a clash with defending champion Tim Henman.
Rogge confident in Beijing Games International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge expressed confidence Monday in Beijing #39;s decision to scale back Olympic construction, saying plans for a frugal Games #39; #39; wouldn #39;t interfere with holding the 2008 Summer Games.
Rare Chinese Jewellery Stolen from British Museum Thieves have stolen 15 rare items of medieval Chinese jewelry from the British Museum, including historically important gold earrings, amulets and hair pins, a museum spokeswoman said on Monday.
Oracle sees future in \$8.8bn PeopleSoft Shares in PeopleSoft surged in New York after Larry Ellison #39;s Oracle tabled a take-it-or-leave-it \$8.8 offer for the business software company.
Shell, Exxon Mobil Sell Gas Pipelines Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos., Exxon Mobil Corp. and the Dutch government struck a deal Monday giving the Netherlands - the third-largest gas producer in Europe - more control of the Dutch gas company Gasunie.
Trouser traders scent foul play China #39;s trouser exporters are bracing themselves against the threat of a US trade war aimed at their products. US officials opened an investigation on Friday into whether Chinese trouser makers were pocketing an unfair share of the world market.
Toshiba announces exchange program for PC notebook memory MANHASSET, NY - Toshiba Corp. has announced a voluntary exchange program for memory modules in some of its notebook PCs after identifying a module problem that could cause the PCs to exhibit blue screens 
Resident Evil 4 It is 2004, six years after the events of Resident Evil 2. The Umbrella Corperation is gone. You are Leon S. Kennedy, a ex-police officer for the doomed town of Raccoon City.
Rogge: Good Games ahead International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge tried to erase Beijing #39;s money worries Monday, saying that hosting the Games will benefit the country.
Fouts, Coryell gang never did it better Now we know how it used to be for those French Foreign Legionnaires, dying of thirst, out of sweat, lost and hopeless, blinded by sandstorms, crawling through the desert - and then seeing Victoria Falls.
Valero to Buy Kaneb Services, Pipe Line Pipeline operator Valero LP said Monday that it agreed to purchase Kaneb Services LLC and Kaneb Pipe Line Partners LP, in a \$2.8 billion move to create the largest terminal operator and second-largest petroleum liquids pipeline operator in the United 
Electronics, Health Care Profit at Tyco #39;s electronics unit rose more than fourfold in the quarter as revenue climbed 15 percent on higher sales volume in automotive, communications, computer and consumer electronics.
DoubleClick appoints advisers to look at potential sale NEW YORK - DoubleClick, the online advertising and marketing company, has said it has appointed advisers to look at the possibility of selling off all or part of its business.
Humana shows improvement in third quarter Humana Inc. reported third-quarter net income of \$84.3 million, or 52 cents per share, up from \$62.1 million, or 38 cents per share, a year earlier.
Unleash the dragon St George Bank Limited (SGB) today advised it was targeting 10 earnings per share growth in FY05 after a solid increase in full year earnings.
Crackdown closed 18,000 Internet cafes in China A high-profile government crackdown on Internet cafes in China resulted in the temporary closure of 18,000 Internet cafes between February and August, but few cafes were closed permanently, according to the official Xinhua news agency.
Veritas Retools Server Provisioning Adding a big piece to its utility computing jigsaw puzzle, Veritas Software (Quote, Chart) rewrote its OpForce server provisioning software to include application discovery and configuration.
Macromedia introduces publishing tool for eBay Macromedia Inc. plans to announce Monday a special version of its Contribute Web publishing desktop application designed to automate and simplify the creation and modification of eBay Inc.
Cricket: Pakistan level series against Sri Lanka with nervous win KARACHI : Pakistan levelled the two-match Test series against Sri Lanka with a fighting last-day victory, thanks to a 10-wicket haul to leg spinner Danish Kaneria and a timely half century from Shoaib Malik.
Arafat condemns Tel Aviv attack Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Paris, condemned Monday a suicide bombing which killed three civilians and the bomber in Tel Aviv, his senior advisor Nabil Abu Rudeina said.
Nuclear Chief Pressures Iran, N. Korea UN nuclear chief Mohamed ElBaradei urged Iran on Monday to suspend uranium enrichment and called on North Korea to dismantle its weapons program or at least allow inspectors to ensure it is  quot;exclusively peaceful.
Adams Urges Stronger UN Response to Darfur Crisis The United Nations and European Union were urged today to muster a more effective international response to the humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region of Sudan.
St George profit \$782m St George Bank, Australia #39;s fifth-largest, says annual net profit rose 18 per cent to A\$717 million (\$782 million) on stronger housing and business lending and it forecasts double-digit 
NYMEX in London trade talks, eyes Dubai, Singapore The New York Mercantile Exchange is in talks with UK regulators about starting open outcry oil trade in London but will let market demand decide whether it moves from Dublin, President James Newsome said on Monday.
Denver storm covers roads in ice, knocks out power. DENVER - A Halloween storm gave the Denver metro area its first taste of snow for the fall, and dumped even more white gold on top of snow that had already fallen at Colorado #39;s mountain ski resorts.
CA sets Ingres database free Computer Associates International on Monday kicked off its entry into open-source software with the release of its Ingres r3 database.
China plans five-day space mission China has announced that is to send a second manned mission to space in 2005, signaling a firm commitment to its emerging space programme.
Vinnie roe to rule - if he starts MELBOURNE: Two dancers and a diva can cut an artistic flourish to the finish of today #39;s Melbourne Cup, but if Irish champion Vinnie Roe starts in the race, the calls of  quot;bravo quot; are more likely to be for him.
Oracle Makes  #39;Final #39; PeopleSoft Offer After much speculation that it would raise its bid yet again, Oracle Corp. Monday morning announced its latest offer for PeopleSoft Inc.
Stronger yen clips Toyota #39;s profit No. 1 Japanese automaker posts drop in 3Q earnings, but boosts forecast for global sales in 2004. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp.
Mylan #39;s migraine The generic drug maker #39;s deal to buy King Pharmaceuticals was supposed to mark its arrival in the brand-name drug business. Instead, it put the spotlight on a new CEO #39;s strategy that billionaire investor Carl Icahn doesn #39;t like.
Google Plugs GMail Security Hole Google has fixed a security hole in Google GMail, its free invitation only 1GB web mail service. The Google Gmail security flaw allowed hackers to be able to log into a users GMail account with only having to know ones username.
Grokster, Sony BMG to develop legit P2P service? Sony BMG - aka  #39;Bony #39; - the merged music label is in talks with Grokster, the P2P software company has confirmed. Negotiations are believed to be focused on the development of a new, label-friendly P2P network.
STAR WARS II When will Arsene Wenger and Alex Ferguson ever bury the hatchet? Looks like never as the bitter tit-for-tat goes unabated. By Jeffrey Low.
Park shoots 65 to win South Korea tourney Grace Park won the CJ Nine Bridges Classic yesterday at Jeju, South Korea, shooting a 7-under-par 65 for a five-stroke victory and giving her game a big boost after a collapse in the final round two weeks ago.
Did Steelers send message? n If the New England Patriots are considered the NFL #39;s best team, what does that make Pittsburgh? The Steelers opened a lot of eyes Sunday at Heinz Field with a convincing 34-20 win over the defending Super 
Draw for Confederations Cup Frankfurt - World Cup winners Brazil were on Monday drawn to meet European champions Greece, Gold Cup winners Mexico and Asian champions Japan at the 2005 Confederations Cup.
Six Iraqis killed in Ramadi as Fallujah braces for all-out assault RAMADI, Iraq - Six Iraqis were killed as violence flared in the flashpoint city of Ramadi on Monday as nearby Fallujah braced for an all-out assault with US and Iraqi troops massing in the rebel heartlands.
Update 1: Manufacturing Growth Slows in October Activity in the nation #39;s manufacturing sector grew in October for the 17th straight month, but at a slower pace than the previous month, the Institute for Supply Management reported Monday.
Kennametal Signs Amended Credit Agreement Kennametal Inc., a maker of metal-cutting tools, and mining and highway construction equipment, said Monday that it signed a \$500 million amended and restated revolving credit agreement.
Update 1: Lockheed to Cut 4Q Earnings on Suit Loss Lockheed Martin Corp. Monday said a court ruling in its dispute with the Department of Energy and the state of Idaho will reduce fourth-quarter earnings by \$110 million.
Dells new blade  home grown or not? Competitors criticise Dell for a lack of engineering expertise, but the company says one significant computer due to launch in November is its own design: its second-generation blade server, the PowerEdge 1855.
Owen: Real saviour with 4 goals in 4 matches MICHAEL Owen rescued Real Madrid once again as they struggled to overcome a defiant Getafe in the lesser-known Madrid derby at the Bernabeu.
Offensive struggles continue for Ravens Everyone knew Sunday #39;s game between the Philadelphia Eagles and Baltimore Ravens was going to be a defensive struggle, but very quietly each team had designs on a big offensive day.
Rookie among Mavs #39; starting five Point guard Devin Harris #39; play in the preseason has impressed Mavericks coach Don Nelson enough to start the rookie from Wisconsin.
Milosevic can defend himself, court rules THE HAGUE - Former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic can defend himself at a war crimes tribunal but he must accept a standby lawyer in case he becomes ill again, judges ruled on Monday.
Valero to Buy Kaneb Services, Pipe Line Valero LP (VLI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy Kaneb Services LLC (KSL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Kaneb Pipe Line Partners LP (KPP.
Crude futures close 5 higher for the month SAN FRANCISCO (AFX) -- Crude-oil futures closed higher to tally a gain of 5 percent for the month, lifted by growing doubt that Chinas interest-rate hike will dampen energy demand, and the ever-existing possibility that supply disruptions could 
IT must act as driver for change, says Gartner Analyst Gartner is predicting radical change will occur as organisations realise that IT must act as a key driver for business change.
Google Plans Desktop Search Tool for Apple PCs Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the Mac operating system from Apple Computer Inc.
Tennis: Paradorn sets up Henman clash in Paris PARIS : Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan set up a Paris Masters second round showdown with defending champion Tim Henman after beating Argentina #39;s Mariano Zabaleta 7-6 (7/3), 6-4 in his opening match.
Steelers stop streak by stunning New England The Steelers got a bucket full of treats yesterday, including turnovers, early points, a poised quarterback and a dominating defensive performance.
Argentina vs. Tunisia in Confederations Cup opener Argentina will play African champion Tunisia at Cologne on June 15 in the opener of the Confederations Cup, which Germany will use to prepare for hosting the 2006 World Cup.
Dolphins vs. Jets (Position-by-position) Sammy Morris has given the Dolphins #39; rushing attack a much-needed shot in the arm, running for 174 yards and one touchdown in the past two games.
Eagles 15, Ravens 10 Owens mocked Lewis with some nifty footwork after catching an 11-yard touchdown pass in the undefeated Philadelphia Eagles #39; 15-10 victory over Baltimore on Sunday.
Suicide bomb rips through market A PALESTINIAN suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowded outdoor market in central Tel Aviv last night, killing four Israelis and wounding 32.
Leftist candidate declares victory in Uruguay election MONTEVIDEO, URUGUAY - Leftist candidate Tabare Vazquez declared victory in Uruguay #39;s presidential election Sunday after exit polls showed him surging past two rivals with a majority of the votes, apparently aligning this small South American country with 
US embassies issue terror warnings in Nordic, Baltic region HELSINKI, Finland - US embassies in Finland and Latvia issued a rare warning to Americans in the Nordic and Baltic region to be wary of shopping centers and public transport amid a threat of a possible terror attack Monday.
US Stocks Climb as Crude Oil Falls \$2 Stocks rose after US crude oil fell below \$50 a barrel on Monday, offsetting jitters ahead of an uncertain outcome for the US presidential election.
India #39;s Tata Group Acquires Tyco Network At Bargain Price com. In a new indication that the sale of US-built telecommunications infrastructure to foreign interests at fire-sale prices is continuing, Tyco International announced Monday that it is selling its Tyco Global Network to India #39;s Tata Group.
Space shuttle delayed again The space shuttle will not fly before May 2005, according to NASA officials. This pushes the shuttle #39;s return-to-flight schedule back by two months, and postpones a vital servicing mission to the International Space Station.
Gartner Sees Shift to Bite-Sized Business Software Companies such as SAP and IBM must break their software packages into smaller units as their corporate clients want to cherry pick them to update systems more frequently, consultancy Gartner said on Monday.
Google plans desktop search tool for Apple PCs This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Report: Backman tabbed as new Diamondbacks manager Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks have called a news conference for today at 1 pm (et), when they are expected to introduce Wally Backman as their new manager.
Afghan Kidnappers Ready to Negotiate Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages said Monday they were ready to negotiate with a UN envoy, but they warned that any rescue attempt would end in bloodshed and stuck to their demands that the world body withdraw from Afghanistan and that 
Marines Welcome Arrival of British  #39;Black Watch #39; Regiment FORWARD OPERATING BASE KALSU, Iraq, Nov. 1, 2004 -- A British armored battle group of about 850 soldiers, led by the 1st Battalion of the Black Watch Regiment, has deployed from Basra, Iraq, to an area south 
Oracle ups bid for PeopleSoft in  #39;final #39; offer NOVEMBER 01, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Oracle Corp. extended what it called its  quot;best and final offer quot; for rival PeopleSoft Inc.
US factories expand at slower pace in October WASHINGTON : US manufacturing activity expanded for the 17th straight month in October, albeit at a slower pace, but energy prices squeezed profits, a survey showed.
Humana earnings rise 36 Health insurer Humana Inc. reported a 36 percent increase Monday in third-quarter earnings, driven by solid performance in a number of the company #39;s business lines.
Vogts faced uphill task -- as will his successor The pall of hopelessness that has shrouded Berti Vogts #39; tenure as Scotland manager is unlikely to clear now that the German has departed.
Sprewell wants trade if no deal is reached Latrell Sprewell says he #39;ll ask to be traded if the Minnesota Timberwolves don #39;t sign him to a contract extension by Wednesday night #39;s opener.
Part of Olympic champion horse #39;s drug test stolen Part of a doping sample taken from the horse that won Ireland #39;s only gold medal at the Athens Olympics was stolen, the International Equestrian Federation said Monday.
Oracle unveils  #39;final #39; PeopleSoft offer Oracle is to raise its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft to \$8.8 billion, calling this its  #39;best and final #39; offer.
Yukos may face \$10B more in tax Russian officials demanded up to \$10 billion in additional taxes from Yukos and its soon-to-be-sold main unit on Monday, pushing the debts of Russia #39;s embattled No.
BorgWarner Makes \$759 Million Takeover Offer for Beru (Update5) BorgWarner Inc., the biggest US maker of automatic-transmission parts for cars, said it plans to take over Beru AG, valuing the German maker of diesel-engine starting systems at \$795 million.
Intel releases Pentium 4 EE 3.46, 925XE chipset for 1066 MHz FSB Intel today announced a faster Pentium 4 of its high-end Extreme Edition (EE) series as well as an updated PCI Express chipset now supporting FSB1066.
Flyby hints of Titan #39;s terrain When the Cassini spacecraft #39;s Huygens probe parachutes to the surface of the Saturn moon Titan on Jan. 14, it could splash into a lake, burrow into a powdery drift or slam onto rock-hard ice.
Bennett Kings Picks Aussie Assistant When Bennett King takes up the post as West Indies head coach in mid-November, he will have a familiar face as his full-time assistant: Australian academy senior coach David Moore.
USC, Oklahoma remain 1-2 in BCS;  #39;Canes and  #39;Noles plummet Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Southern California and Oklahoma remained the top two teams in the Bowl Championship Series standings, while Miami- Florida and Florida State plummeted in the rankings after suffering surprising road losses on Saturday.
China Plans Five-Day Manned Space Mission for 2005 Chinese scientists have optimized the spacecraft #39;s configuration to reduce its weight and improve the performance of onboard equipment.
Why a browser makes sense for Google? We speculated about it in May, the online world went crazy about a possibility as soon as they came to know about Google registering GBrowser.
Dell takes new stab at blade design com November 1, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Johansson shocks top seed Agassi STOCKHOLM, Sweden -- Swede Thomas Johansson shocked top seed Andre Agassi 3-6 6-3 7-6 in a thrilling final at the Stockholm Open, to pick up his first title since the 2002 Australian Open.
Waterford Crystal #39;s B sample missing The international equestrian body, the FEI, has been informed that the  quot;B quot; sample of Waterford Crystal was stolen in Cambridgeshire last month.
Redskins defeat spurs Kerry hopes for victory While the official result of the US election won #39;t be known until Tuesday night, at the earliest, John Kerry #39;s campaign may already feel they know the result, thanks to a weekend football game.
Vieira:  #39;We won #39;t be intimidated #39; Patrick Vieira believes Arsenal are better placed than ever before to achieve Champions League success - and insisted they would not be muscled out of their stride at home or abroad.
Ukrainians to vote in second round The Central Election Commission of Ukraine has announced that the second round of the countrys presidential election would be held.
Ellison: Oracle Makes  #39;Final #39; PeopleSoft Bid, But CEO Can #39;t Buy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oracle (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ) presented its  quot;best and final offer quot; for takeover prey PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) Monday.
Amazon #39;s A9 toolbar now available for Firefox Amazon.com subsidiary A9.com on Monday released a version of its Internet toolbar for the Firefox Web browser. A9 said that the toolbar, which is available for free download, will offer the same features to 
Google Corrects Gmail Exploit Search engine Google has fixed a security flaw that was occurring in their email service, Gmail. The company did not reveal the nature of flaw, only that they had corrected it.
Smart Web - Looking Into the Future Alexander Linden, a prominent Gartner Research analyst will be talking about the future later this week in Cannes, France. Smart Web was held ahead of this week #39;s ITXpo symposium, an annual event held to identify the future of technology.
Berti Vogts Quits as Scotland Soccer Coach, Cites Abuse by Fans Berti Vogts quit as Scotland #39;s national soccer coach after a run of results left the team unlikely to qualify for the 2006 World Cup in his home country of Germany.
Changes at the top: Astros to replace GM Hunsicker Sporting News #39; Ken Rosenthal has learned that the Houston Astros will reassign general manager Gerry Hunsicker within the organization and elevate Tim Purpura to the GM position.
Clashes in Ramadi as US Troop Reinforcements Arrive in Iraq RAMADI, Iraq, Nov 1 (MASNET  amp; News Agencies) - Violence flared in the flashpoint city of Ramadi as nearby Fallujah braced for an all-out assault with fresh US and Iraqi troops massing in the rebel heartlands.
Oracle increases its offer price for PeopleSoft REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Oracle is increasing the stakes in its hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft. Oracle has increased its cash offer for PeopleSoft shares from 21 dollars a share to 24 dollars a share.
Oil prices tumble ahead of election Nymex crude oil futures fell below \$50 a barrel Monday morning in a flurry of technical selling ahead of the presidential elections on Tuesday.
Lockheed to Take Charge on Court Decision Lockheed Martin Corp. will take a fourth-quarter after-tax charge of about \$110 million, or about 25 cents per share, for damages and costs from a court decision rejecting its request to overturn a contract #39;s termination, the No.
Top ten viruses and hoaxes reported to Sophos in October 2004 Sophos, a world leader in protecting businesses against spam and viruses, has published a report revealing the top ten viruses and hoaxes causing problems for businesses around the world.
Smith - McQueen #39;s choice to take over (Getty Images) Gordon McQueen has urged the Scottish Football Association to install Walter Smith as the next Scotland manager. The search now begins for Berti Vogts #39; successor, following the German #39;s surprise decision to resign.
Agassi, Nalbandian withdraw from Paris Masters Paris, France (Sports Network) - Andre Agassi and David Nalbandian announced Monday that they have withdrawn from the Paris Masters because of injuries.
Jets welcome the Dolphins to the Meadowlands as usual, but was able to burn St. Louis for deep TD passes to wideout Chris. receptions, 78 yards, 1 TD). Chambers and McMichael have combined for 60 of.
Redskins lose, so Kerry should win John Kerry supporters got a welcome omen for their candidate on Sunday: The Green Bay Packers defeated the Washington Redskins. If history holds, the 28-14 score portends a victory 
Allawi Threatens New Offensive To Take Over Al-Fallujah Interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi says time is running out for Al-Fallujah residents to evict foreign fighters from the city of face a US-Iraqi military operation to do so.
Palestinian Officials Offer Differing Accounts of Arafat #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; French doctors are expected to issue a preliminary report on the medical condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat by midweek, according to Palestinian officials, who 
Former Chinese Minister attacks  #39;Bush doctrine #39; Beijing, Nov 01 - On the eve of the US Presidential poll, one of the key architects of China #39;s foreign policy lashed out at the controversial  quot;Bush doctrine quot; of pre-emptive strikes, the  quot;catastrophic quot; war on Iraq and predicted that the 21st century will 
Hostages seized by gunmen in Iraq A US citizen is among four people reported to have been kidnapped at gunpoint from their office in Baghdad.  quot;They stormed the villa with automatic rifles and rocket-propelled grenades, quot; a police source told the Reuters agency.
Botswana Ruling Party Wins Election by Landslide Botswana #39;s ruling party has won by a landslide in Saturday #39;s general elections, assuring President Festus Mogae of a second and final term in office.
US consumer spending soars by 0.6 in September, led by auto &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; American consumers, who substantially slowed down their spending in late summer, roared back to life in September, boosting their purchases by 0.6 per cent.
Yukos faces additional tax claims: Interfax MOSCOW (AFP) - Russia #39;s embattled Yukos oil giant faced additional tax claims after authorities said the firm was suspected of underpaying 6.7 billion dollars for 2002, Interfax reported.
Humana #39;s Quarterly Earnings Rise Health insurer Humana Inc. posted a rise in quarterly profit on Monday as the company #39;s Medicare business gained and it kept health premiums ahead of soaring underlying medical costs.
Oil prices rise on Nigerian strike concerns NEW YORK, November 1 (newratings.com) - World crude oil prices rose in Asia trading this morning, with the Nigerian oil unions beginning their protests in a build-up to a nationwide general strike planned for later this month.
China Cracks Down on I-Cafes China has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said.
Intel Pentium 4 Extreme Edition 3.46GHz and i925XE Express &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Today we would like to introduce to you two new guests: Intel Pentium 4 Extreme Edition 3.46GHz processor and i925XE Express chipset supporting 266MHz FSB frequency (1066MHz QDR).
Google Planning Desktop Search for Mac Computers Google announced plans to offer its Google Desktop Search to Mac computers on Friday, introducing Google technology to a loyal group of computer users who are not using the Windows operating system.
NetSky variant tops virus list again LYNNFIELD, Mass., Nov. 1 - NetSky-P and Zafi-B were the top two viruses in circulation in October, security company Sophos says in its monthly top-10 viruses and hoaxes lists.
Spat-on Vogts resigns Glasgow - Scotland manager Berti Vogts has resigned because of  quot;disgraceful abuse quot; including being spat upon, he said in a Scottish Football Association statement on Monday.
Wenger handling European pressure Arsene Wenger is aware of the pressure facing Arsenal ahead of the Champions League game with Panathinaikos. The Gunners, who have never gone past the quarter-finals, are yet to spark in Group E this season 
Miami #39;s loss is Utah #39;s gain It has become the time of year when everything in college football is relative. Your team has to win its games in order to move up in the BCS poll, or win its conference, or even just to qualify for a bowl bid.
Bryant, O #39;Neal Rivalry Focus of New NBA Season The headline-grabbing rivalry between Shaquille O #39;Neal and Kobe Bryant is likely to dominate the opening weeks of the NBA season that begins on Tuesday.
American, three other foreigners kidnapped in Baghdad; Baghdad &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Militants kidnapped an American and three other foreigners in a bloody assault on their office in the capital Monday, and gunmen assassinated 
Palestinian teenager blows himself up in Tel Aviv market; 3 killed A Palestinian teenager laden with explosives walked into a crowded outdoor market and blew himself up Monday, killing three Israelis, wounding 32 and scattering bloody vegetables and spices along the ground.
Report: Yukos Is Hit With New Tax Claims Russian tax authorities slapped oil giant Yukos and its main production unit with two new tax claims for nearly \$10 billion, raising the company #39;s total bill to more than \$17.
Indian Telecom Adds Tyco Network Further strengthening India #39;s position in the global communications arena, Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited (Quote, Chart) will pay \$130 million for Tyco #39;s (Quote, Chart) undersea fiber-optic network, the companies announced today.
Scotland Coach Vogts Quits, Citing Fans GLASGOW, Scotland Nov 1, 2004 - Berti Vogts resigned as coach of Scotland #39;s national soccer team Monday, citing rude fans. Vogts, a German, held the job for 2 1/2 years, going 9-16-7 and failing to qualify for this year #39;s European Championship.
Purpura replaces Hunsicker as GM of Astros Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Gerry Hunsicker has announced his resignation as general manager of the Houston Astros. Tim Purpura, who had been serving as the assistant general manager, has been named the new GM of the team.
Top 2 Candidates in Ukraine Presidential Vote Face Runoff Ukraine #39;s presidential election ended virtually in a dead heat, according to official results, after a campaign that international election observers criticized 
Shell Files Suit to Block Oil Workers in Nigeria Strike Dutch oil giant Shell has asked a Nigerian court to block oil workers from joining a nationwide labor strike set to begin November 16.
Heavy clashes in Ramadi as troops buildup offensive to retake the insurgent-held cities has begun on the eve of the US presidential election. company #39;s office in Baghdad, the Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Manufacturing Growth Slowing This has been another month of growth for manufacturing and the economy in general, although the latest monthly report on business from the Institute for Supply Management (ISM) indicates that the rate of manufacturing growth is slowing down.
Anadarko to Sell Colorado Properties Oil and gas company Anadarko Petroleum Corp. said Monday that it is selling its Southeast Colorado producing properties to an affiliate of Citation Oil  amp; Gas Corp.
Tyco Returns to Profit, Shares Gain Tyco International Ltd. (TYC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a quarterly profit on Monday, reversing a year-earlier loss, helped by strong demand for electronic parts.
Shell gains 968m from sale of gas stake The Dutch Government has for 1.93 billion bought total control of a pipeline being built to tackle the gas shortages which have sent UK energy prices soaring, after Shell and Esso.
O #39;Connor: DoubleClick Hires Investment Bankers To Explore Sale The end of the line for an Internet icon? DoubleClick (nasdaq: DCLK - news - people ) on Monday said it has retained Lazard Freres to  quot;explore strategic options, quot; including the sale of all or part of its business.
Veritas beefs up utility software com November 1, 2004, 9:56 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Vogts resigns as Scotland boss Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Scotland national team coach Berti Vogts stepped down Monday following a nightmare start to the World Cup qualifying campaign.
Golf: VJ shatters season earnings record PALM HARBOUR - Vijay Singh became the first golfer to earn more than US\$10 million (\$14.79 million) in prizemoney in a season with a five-stroke victory in the Chrysler Championship yesterday.
Defeat of Panathinaikos would put Arsenal in comfort zone Arsenal plan to shore up their defence for the visit of Panathinaikos knowing victory on Tuesday would go a long way to ensuring their qualification for the next stage of the Champions League.
D-Backs hire Backman PHOENIX -- Wally Backman was hired Monday as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, taking over a team coming off one of the worst seasons in major league history.
Pigskin Prediction: As Go the Redskins... Description: Since 1936, the outcome of the Washington Redskins last home game has predicted the next president. When the Redskins have won their last home game, the incumbent party has retained the White House.
Magic acquire Brandon Hunter from Bobcats Orlando, FL (Sports Network) - The Orlando Magic acquired forward Brandon Hunter from the Charlotte Bobcats on Monday in exchange for guard Keith Bogans.
NYi0 ms jameson Brazil #39;s currency fell on investor concern that ruling Workers #39; Party losses in municipal elections may bolster opposition to the government #39;s legislative agenda, hindering efforts to cut government spending and boost growth.
Church #39;s Chicken has a new owner CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - AFC Enterprises Inc. said Monday it has inked a deal to unload the Church #39;s Chicken chain to a private investment group for \$390 million.
DoubleClick Hires Investment Bank Online marketing firm DoubleClick says it has retained investment bankers Lazard Freres to  quot;explore strategic options to achieve greater shareholder value.
Exxon, Shell sell gas pipelines DALLAS (CBS.MW) -- The Dutch government agreed Monday to buy the pipeline unit of the Dutch gas company Gasunie for \$3.55 billion from Exxon Mobil and the Royal Dutch/Shell Group.
Latest Bagle Virus Remains a Threat Three new variants of the Bagle virus that emerged last week are still in circulation, but the attacks seem to be leveling off. While the latest viruses have some sophisticated features, security 
Macromedia Goes After eBay Sellers With Contribute 3 Macromedia made a play for eBay sellers Monday by debuting a custom version of its Contribute 3 Web content publishing application that #39;s designed to speed the creation and upkeep of eBay Stores.
Vogts resigns Berti Vogts has admitted that he had little option but to quit as Scotland coach, blaming what he called  quot;disgraceful abuse quot;.
Latvia on terror alert The Norwegian Embassy in Latvia closed on Nov. 1, days after Latvian law enforcement agencies warned that the Baltic state had received information from the United States, Norway, and Estonia about a possible terrorist attack.
UPDATE 1-Argentina files \$100 bln restructuring with US SEC Argentina submitted on Monday to the US Securities and Exchange Commission its offer to restructure \$100 billion in defaulted debt, clearing the way for a world-record debt swap, Economy Ministry spokesman 
Lockheed to take \$110 million Q4 charge for court ruling The nation #39;s largest defense contractor will take a \$110 million charge against its fourth quarter earnings after losing a court bid to salvage at least some of the money it pumped 
Nordic countries join forces at EXPO 2005 The joint Nordic pavilion at theWorld Exhibition in Japan 2005 was presented on Monday at the Nordic Council #39; 56th annual Session in Stockholm.
The TV set that cried wolf--by satellite It may be that many people, staring blankly from their sofas into the empty, late-night flicker of their televisions, are in need of rescuing.
Gmail Security Flaw Discovered A security hole in Google #39;s Gmail service, which reportedly made it easy for hackers to access users #39; e-mail, has been corrected, Google says.
Latest BCS a feel-good for Cal, upset stomach for Utah That #39;s the summary of the latest BCS standings released on Monday. Cal made the most significant jump, up four spots to No. 4. If the season ended today, the Bears would be automatically qualified for an at-large BCS bowl berth, most likely the Rose.
Iraq Group Kidnaps Four, Including an American, AFP Reports Two Arabs, a US citizen and an Asian working for the Saudi Arabian Trading and Contracting Company were abducted today in Iraq, Agence France-Presse reported citing a spokesman for the Iraqi interior ministry.
US Warns Visitors to Nordic, Baltic Lands RIGA, Latvia Nov 1, 2004 - Security was tighter around the US embassies in Finland and Latvia on Monday amid a US warning that Americans living and traveling in the Nordic and Baltic nations should be on guard against a possible terrorist strike.
World oil prices plunge below 50 dollars LONDON : World oil prices tumbled more than two dollars in New York, sliding below 50 dollars for the first time in nearly a month amid reports of higher Iraqi oil exports and easing fears over a Nigerian strike, analysts said.
Effect of Google IPO Felt by Newer Deals Initial public offerings just wrapped up one of their best weeks in some time, with 10 companies coming to market, raising \$1.7 billion, and several soaring in their debuts.
Nokia 9500 Communicator receives Wi-Fi certification The Nokia 9500 Communicator has been granted the IEEE 802-11b and WPA (Wireless Protected Access) certifications by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Cocaine and opiates found in Caminiti #39;s body Caminiti died from acute intoxication due to the combined effects of cocaine and opiates, a spokeswoman for the New York City Medical Examiners Office told ESPN.
Bobcats Trade Hunter to Magic for Bogans CHARLOTTE, NC - The Charlotte Bobcats traded forward Brandon Hunter to the Orlando Magic on Monday in exchange for guard Keith Bogans.
Six people, including one American, Asian kidnapped in Baghdad BAGHDAD : Six staff of a Saudi Arabian company, including one US citizen, an Asian and at least three Iraqis, were kidnapped from their offices in Baghdad, police and a lawyer for the company told AFP.
Pakistan PM due tomorrow Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz arrives tomorrow in his capacity as the Chairman of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) before he hands the Chair over to Prime Minister Khaleda Zia during the 13th Saarc summit in Dhaka between 
Oil rose on Nigeria strike-call Oil rose as Nigeria, the world top oil exporter, sees the call for a strike later this month. December crude oil lifted 24 cents to \$52.
US Economy: Manufacturing Index Falls, Incomes Lag (Update2) Manufacturing expanded at the slowest pace in more than a year in October, Americans spent more than they earned in September and home construction declined in the final economic reports before tomorrow #39;s presidential election.
Argentine Gov #39;t Presents Repayment Details The Argentine government on Monday presented US regulators with details of a debt exchange offering intended to restructure some US\$103 billion (euro80.
Intel unveils  #39;Extreme #39; system for power users Intel is targeting extreme gamers and power PC users with its latest high-performance platform based on the Pentium 4 processor Extreme Edition and a faster system bus enabled by the 925XE Express chipset.
Toshiba Announces Global Notebook Recall Toshiba #39;s laptop exchange program will run worldwide from Nov. 1 to April 30. The company said 650,000 PCs could be affected. It stressed that the recall will not affect the projected recovery of its PC business.
Resident Evil 4 breaks out In a move that #39;s bound to both please and displease, Capcom have revealed that Resident Evil 4 will arrive on PlayStation 2 late next year.
eBay, Macromedia, deal p2pnet.net News:- eBay has gone from being an online community founded in 1995 so people could sell things to each other, to a vast, multi-national virtual monopoly where the dollar and the bottom line rule.
Effects of drugs ruled cause of death for Caminiti A drug overdose killed former NL MVP Ken Caminiti, who admitted using steroids during his playing days and tested positive for cocaine in the days before he died.
Greek Sprinter Wants to Clear His Name ATHENS, Greece Nov 1, 2004 - With a prosecutor expected to announce the results Tuesday of an investigation into a doping scandal that disgraced Greece #39;s two top sprinters, former Olympic champion Kostas Kenteris insisted he never tried to evade drug 
Baghdad deputy governor shot dead Hatim Kamil was assassinated in a drive-by shooting, said Baghdad Governor Ali al-Haidari. Interior Ministry spokesman Colonel Adnan Abdul-Rahman said Mr Kamil was killed when gunmen opened fire on his car in the southern Doura neighbourhood.
Update 7: Oil Prices Sink Below \$50 a Barrel Oil futures prices sank below \$50 a barrel Monday, continuing the selloff sparked last week by rising US supplies of crude and easing fears about the refining industry #39;s ability to satisfy heating oil demand.
Oracle makes its best, last offer for PeopleSoft Oracle Corp., the world #39;s second-largest software firm, made what it called its last and best offer for rival PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday in a takeover battle that has now raged for almost a year and a half.
Netflix Lowers Rental Price by \$4 Online movie rental service Netflix Inc. reported Monday that it lowered its monthly rental fee by \$4 in what is heating up to be a price war with video rental giant Blockbuster Inc.
India #39;s Tata Group Buying Tyco Network At Bargain Price com. The sale of US-built telecom infrastructure to foreign firms at fire-sale prices continues. Tyco International says it is selling its Tyco Global Network to India #39;s Tata Group.
Canada renews plan to decriminalise pot possession The Canadian government has signalled its intention to re-introduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Iogear launches Bluetooth mini mouse Iogear today announced a rechargeable mini mouse with bluetooth interface. The mouse can be opoerated up to 66 feet away from the computer, making it a practical tool fro presentations, the company said.
Bagle Gets Stale But Remains a Threat  quot;It #39;s the same old stuff we #39;ve seen in all the Bagle variants over the last months. The authors have just modified it to evade detection of most antivirus programs and spammed it widely, quot; said Mikko Hyppnen of F-Secure.
Here are 10 things you should know about the No. 1 golfer in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The number of the day is 10. As in 10 million dollars, which is what Vijay Singh has won this year on the PGA Tour. As in 10 victories, which Singh is going for this week (and will probably get, since he won 
Vogts Resigns! The Scottish Football Association have confirmed that Berti Vogts has resigned as coach of the national team. The German has been under intense pressure after a series of bad results and was expected to be 
Official says Caminiti died of drug overdose Former baseball National League MVP Ken Caminiti died of an accidental drug overdose, a spokeswoman for the New York City medical examiner said Monday.
American, Nepali, 2 Arabs Kidnapped in Baghdad Gunmen kidnapped an American, a Nepali and two Arab men from their Baghdad office on Monday, police said.  quot;They stormed the villa with automatic rifles and rocket- propelled grenades.
Why my boy, asks bomber #39;s mum THE mother of a 16-year-old suicide bomber who killed three people in Tel Aviv was in tears today as she asked:  quot;Why did they choose my boy?
Crude oil prices dropping in NY Crude oil prices have dipped in New York, sliding as much as two dollars to around \$50 a barrel. That #39;s extending declines seen last week despite concerns that a planned strike in Nigeria could affect output.
Yukos faces new tax claims; total bill above \$17.6 bn LONDON, November 1 (newratings.com) - The Russian oil giant, Yukos Oil (YUSA.FSE), has been asked for additional back-tax payments of more than \$10 billion, increasing the company #39;s total tax liabilities to above \$17.
Intel P4 Extreme Boosts Performance off the Clock The Extreme Edition bears out Intel #39;s announcement last month that it would look beyond increased clock speed.  quot;The problem is, if they keep the clock speed and increase the bus speed, they #39;ll 
The Times of London Goes Tabloid To make sure nobody missed its big change from a broadsheet to a tabloid, The Times of London told readers about it on the front page.
NASA Aims For May Shuttle Launch NASA has again adjusted its schedule for bringing the space shuttle back into use. CBS reports that the space agency announced it is aiming for a mid-May launch.
Toshiba Fixes Notebook Flaws Toshiba is launching a global program to replace faulty memory modules in certain models of its notebook computers that have been on sale since as early as April 2002.
IOGEAR #39;s mini mouse goes Bluetooth IOGEAR has launched its rechargeable Bluetooth Mini Mouse, enabling road warriors to work wirelessly and save space. The PC/Mac compatible Bluetooth Mini Mouse #39;s small, slim design saves space in laptop bags and in the workspace.
Google fixes Gmail hijacking flaw &lt;a href="http://www.newsfactor.com/story.xhtml?story_title=Gmail-Security-Flaw-Discovered story_id=28040 category=ecommerce"&gt;Gmail Security Flaw Discovered&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;NewsFactor Network&lt;/nobr&gt;
Agassi, Nalbandian pull out American Andre Agassi and Argentine David Nalbandian have pulled out of the Paris Masters, organizers said Monday, meaning neither will play in the season ending Masters Cup.
Huskies reportedly fire Gilbertson Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - The University of Washington reportedly fired head football coach Keith Gilbertson on Monday. According to KING 5 News in Seattle, Gilbertson has been dismissed and it is unclear 
Greek sprinter says he didn #39;t fake accident ATHENS - Greeces disgraced Olympic sprint champion Costas Kenteris on Sunday broke a lengthy silence since the end of the Athens Games to deny faking a motorcycle crash to avoid a doping test.
Magic trade Bogans to Charlotte Bobcats The Orlando Magic eased their logjam at the shooting guard position somewhat today, dealing Keith Bogans to the expansion Charlotte Bobcats for power forward Brandon Hunter.
Assistant Purpura takes over immediately HOUSTON -- Houston Astros General Manager Gerry Hunsicker announced Monday he #39;s stepping down after nine years on the job and less than two weeks after the club came within one game of reaching the World Series for the first time.
Schilling, he #39;s Bush league! BOSTON -- Looking to share some of the magic that propelled the Boston Red Sox to their first World Series title in 86 years, US President George W. Bush enlisted a fan favourite to deliver his pitch while Democratic Sen.
American, 3 others kidnapped Mon. in Baghdad (Baghdad, Iraq-AP) Nov. 1, 2004 - US Embassy officials are confirming that an American is among four foreigners abducted during a bloody assault at their office in Baghdad.
Elecciones presidenciales en Ucrania Exit polls in Ukraine #39;s presidential election appear to show that none of the 24 candidates has won the election outright. The vote has been largely split between the prime minister Viktor Yanukovich and the main opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko.
Arafat health speculation runs wild Yasser Arafat #39;s French physicians are refusing to discuss his health crisis, leading to rampant speculation about the Palestinian leader #39;s dramatic deterioration.
Uruguay elects first leftist leader Uruguay has made a historic political shift in electing its first leftist president, Tabare Vazquez, and giving his coalition a majority in Congress to face rebuilding the country after its recent economic crisis.
Update 1: Indian Telecom Buys Tyco Network Assets Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd., India #39;s top phone and broadband provider, on Monday said it plans to buy Tyco International Ltd. #39;s undersea fiber-optic network for \$130 million, a move an analyst said could spawn a number of similar deals involving foreign 
Nation #39;s manufacturing segment shows continued growth Economic activity in the manufacturing sector grew in October for the 17th consecutive month, albeit at a slower rate than in September, the Institute for Supply Management (ISM) reported Monday.
Oracle makes  #39;best and final #39; PeopleSoft offer Oracle today unveiled its  quot;best and final offer quot; for PeopleSoft, promising to withdraw entirely from the long-running takeover battle if its \$24 per share proposal is not accepted by 19 November 2004.
Manufacturing Sector Grows The Institute for Supply Management said Monday US economic activity in the manufacturing sector grew in October. ISM #39;s purchasing managers index registered 56.
Merck Shares Plunge on Vioxx Denial News WHITEHOUSE STATION, NJ - Shares of Merck  amp; Co. plunged almost 9 percent Monday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx cause heart problems.
Valero buys Keneb for \$2.8 billion Energy transport company buys Kaneb Services and Kaneb Pipe Line as it also lifts dividend. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Valero LP, an owner and operator of energy pipeline and storage facilities, agreed to buy Kaneb 
S amp;P to Hold Telephone Conference Today on AIG, ACE Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services announced that it will hold a telephone conference call on Monday, November 1st, 2004, at 1:00 PM US Eastern Time.
Personal Income Inches Higher The US Commerce Department said Monday personal income grew modestly in September, while consumer spending rebounded from the previous month.
Icahn pushes harder to stop Mylan #39;s King acquisition PITTSBURGH Carl Icahn, the largest shareholder of Mylan Laboratories, is now threatening to push for new company directors to stop the generic drug maker #39;s four (B) billion-dollar takeover bid of King Pharmaceuticals.
Intel Launches 3.46GHZ P4 EE November 01, 2004 - Intel have launched a 3.46GHz version of their gamer targeted Pentium 4 Extreme Edition. Nice name guys! :P However, reviews aren #39;t too peachy overall, check this out from CNet: One snag 
Merck knew of Vioxx health risks: report WHITEHOUSE STATION, NJ - Merck and Co. shares fell more than 10 per cent in trading on the NYSE on Monday amid reports that company documents showed the pharmaceutical firm knew for years about health issues related to its arthritis drug Vioxx.
The Matrix Online Gets Talent November 01, 2004 - Warner Bros. Interactive and SEGA announced today that The Matrix Online will feature some big-name voice talent, including a good portion of the films #39; original cast members.
Gilbertson will step down at end of season Washington coach Keith Gilbertson will resign at the end of the season, The Associated Press learned Monday. A source close to the football program, speaking on condition of anonymity, said 
Diamondbacks Hire Backman As New Manager After being introduced as the new manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, Wally Backman, left, is handed his game jersey by Arizona general manager Joe Garagiola Jr.
Arafat #39;s Condition Is Improving From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat swiftly condemned a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv on Monday -- a sign the ailing Palestinian leader wants to convey the impression he is still in charge despite deteriorating health.
Oracle Raises Its Hostile Offer for PeopleSoft Oracle raised its hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft today to \$24 a share from \$21 a share. The higher bid, which values Peoplesoft at \$9.
Merck stock plunges on news report Shares of Merck  amp; Co. plunged Monday after a news report suggested that the company knew about risks associated with its recently recalled Vioxx arthritis medication and tried to cover them up.
S amp;P lowers America West outlook to negative Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Monday revised the outlook on America West Holdings Corp. (AWA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) to negative from stable, citing the difficult operating environment 
Union Seeks to Represent Wal-Mart Workers Union efforts to organize Wal-Mart workers in Canada continued Monday in the auto-service departments of seven British Columbia outlets of the world #39;s largest retailer.
Lockheed to take \$110M Q4 hit from court ruling Lockheed Martin Corp. said Monday it lost its court bid Friday to keep some of the money it lost in a failed Idaho cleanup project, causing it to book a \$110 million, or 25 cents a share, charge in its fourth quarter.
Doubt Grows PNC Will Close Riggs Deal Wall Street is growing increasingly skeptical about PNC Financial #39;s (PNC:NYSE - news - research) proposed purchase of scandal-tainted Riggs National (RIGS:Nasdaq - news - research), which is the subject of a federal money-laundering probe.
AT amp;T upgrades Net security tools The enhancements, which will be incorporated early next year, are designed to provide enterprises with protection from worms and viruses, without forcing customers to install firewalls at each location in a network, the company said.
Google Plugs Hole in Gmail Such security flaws are not uncommon, but Gmail deviates from the norm by not causing cookies to expire when users change passwords.
Ferguson hopes of Arsenal action fading Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson #39;s bid to have Arsenal duo Dennis Bergkamp and Thierry Henry punished for what he believes was foul play during last month #39;s  #39;Battle of Old Trafford #39; are set to come to nothing because of Football Association (FA 
Gilbertson fired? Gallows humor apparently has become reality, with unconfirmed reports circulating that Washington football coach Keith Gilbertson and his staff were fired late Sunday night.
Raines joins White Sox as coach Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox hired former major leaguer Tim Raines as the club #39;s first base/baserunning coach on Monday.
Tonight #39;s matchup: Miami at New York Jets Keys to the game: QB Chad Pennington is eventually going to have to complete some deep passes if the Jets #39; offense is going to reach its potential.
Astros GM Hunsicker Resigns After Successful Season Houston Astros general manager Gerry Hunsicker resigned on Monday in a surprise announcement after the team #39;s most successful season.
A Race Too Close to Call After the first round of voting, the two leading candidates in Ukraines presidential elections are running neck and neck. KIEV, UkraineUkraines presidential elections look certain to go to a second 
EU-Iranian talks on resolving nuclear issue still on track &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Iranian parliament #39;s vote backing the resumption of uranium enrichment was mainly tactical, designed to strengthen Tehran #39;s hand in nuclear talks with the EU, rather than a rejection of European demands for a halt to enrichment, diplomats said Monday.
Uruguay Elects its First Leftist President Uruguay has elected its first leftist president, Tabare Vazquez, who joins a growing list of left-leaning leaders in South America.
Is Google Bobbing for Apple? Just in case Apple #39;s (Nasdaq: AAPL) computer users were feeling left out, news reports say that Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) intends to develop its Desktop Search application for the Mac platform.
Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger says feud with Man U of  #39;no interest &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is tired of talking about his team #39;s 2-0 loss to Manchester United more than a week ago. United ended Arsenal #39;s unbeaten league record of 49 games in a contentious game at Old Trafford on Oct. 24.
Jets, Dolphins reflect on memorable Monday night meeting Fans streamed out of the Meadowlands quite early the last time the New York Jets and Miami Dolphins played on Monday night. They had little reason to stay.
Iraq: A limitless insurgency People walking by mock coffins in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington during a tribute to the more than 1,100 US service personnel killed so far in the Iraq war.
IRAQ VOTER REGISTRATION BEGINS In a step towards landmark elections in Iraq, registering of voters and potential candidates has begun despite the latest violence, which claimed the life of Baghdad #39;s deputy governor.
Pakistan vows to back Nepal in fight against terrorism KATHMANDU : Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has expressed his support for Nepal #39;s fight against terrorism, Foreign Minister Prakash Sharan Mahat said.
Is IVAX Ailing? Despite showing strong growth, IVAX (AMEX: IVX) shares are getting pounded after the drug maker posted third-quarter results that still came in below analyst expectations and 
California City Extends Outsourcing Deal ACS will continue to provide Orange with help-desk and application support, data-center and network management, and consulting services.
VSNL Buys Tyco #39;s Subsea Network The purchase makes it one of the top three leading players in the international undersea capacity business, alongside Global Crossing Holdings Ltd.
PNC Deal to Buy Riggs Seen in Jeopardy Riggs National Corp. shares fell Monday as more concerns surfaced that an ongoing money-laundering probe of the Washington, DC bank will scrap plans by PNC Financial Group Inc.
Veritas Reveals OpForce Upgrades Amidst claims that IT shops can now provision BEA WebLogic Servers in mere minutes instead of hours, Veritas today debuted version 4.0 of Opforce Enterprise Edition for Windows, Linux (Red Hat  amp; SUSE), Solaris and AIX.
China aims at five-day space shot China is set to launch its second manned space flight, which will carry two astronauts into a five-day orbit around the Earth in 2005.
Macromedia Bids For More eBay Users eBay sellers have a new content management tool to help them post storefronts faster, thanks to a newly customized Macromedia toolset.
Singh show not yet over for 2004 LONDON: The Vijay Singh show, a long-running golf blockbuster in 2004, could earn one more rave review by the end of this week. Fijian Singh, firmly established as the game #39;s most dominant player, has a golden 
Agassi cruises Andre Agassi posted his second consecutive straight-set win, advancing to the quarterfinals of the US\$822,000 Stockholm Open on Thursday.
Seven Dead in Riot Thousands of police patrolled a tense town today after street fights between members of the countrys main ethnic group and a Muslim minority left seven people dead and 42 injured.
Botswana president wins landslide victory in general elections Botswana #39;s President Festus Mogae #39;s ruling party won a landslide victory in the country #39;s general elections during the weekends, and took well over two thirds of the 57 
Copper Prices Fall Amid Concern of Slowing Consumption in China Copper prices in New York fell for the second session in three on signs of slowing demand from manufacturers in China, the world #39;s biggest buyer of the metal.
Delta Pilots Vote On One-Third Pay Cut ATLANTA -- Pilots for Delta Air Lines have begun to cast ballots on a union contract proposal that would slash their salaries by nearly a third.
Apple Introduces iPod Photo Your Entire Music  amp; Photo Library in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Apple introduced iPod Photo, the newest member of the iPod family that lets you take your entire music and photo library with you wherever you go.
Google Plans Desktop Search Tool for Mac Jupiter Research senior analyst Joe Wilcox said that he is somewhat surprised Google is pursuing a search utility for the Mac.  quot;The search utility within a Mac OS X is already quite good, quot; Wilcox said.
Nigerian Oil Unions Take on Shell LAGOS, Nigeria - Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell Group opened court action Monday to block a threatened strike targeting oil in the world #39;s No.
Merck shares plunge almost nine per cent after report it had Vioxx &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Shares of Merck and Co. plunged almost nine per cent Monday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster 
Memory Problem Prompts Toshiba Notebook Recall Toshiba said it will launch a recall to exchange a memory module that may cause data corruption in 26 notebook PC models. The components, procured from unidentified third parties, may potentially 
Resident Evil 4 Exclusive No More November 01, 2004 - It looks like the folks at Capcom Entertainment were only kidding when they sternly insisted over and over again that the GameCube action-thriller Resident Evil 4 would forever remain exclusive to Nintendo #39;s console.
432-Year Search: Lost Star Found Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe spotted a new star in the sky on Nov. 11, 1572, and astronomers have been trying ever since to figure out exactly what happened.
Aussies go for Makybe Diva MELBOURNE: If Australian confidence counts for anything, Makybe Diva will be in the record books after today #39;s Melbourne Cup. The six-year-old mare was heavily backed yesterday to win the 
Wenger fed up with fall-out Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is tired of talking about his team #39;s fiery loss to Manchester United as his Red Devils counterpart Sir Alex Ferguson won #39;t let the subject go.
Lions sack king Porcher retires DETROIT -- Robert Porcher retired Monday, ending a 13-year career with the Detroit Lions, for whom he is the career leader in sacks.
Baseball Shock At Caminiti Death Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died Sunday. He was 41.
Merck Falls as E-Mails Suggest Vioxx Smoking Gun Merck  amp; Co. Inc. #39;s Vioxx recall is mushrooming into a product-liability nightmare that erased another \$23 billion of the company #39;s valuation on Monday, but analysts said it will likely withstand the crisis.
Update 1: Argentina Files Repayment Plan With SEC Argentina announced it had filed a proposal Monday before the US Securities and Exchange Commission to restructure US\$81.8 billion (euro64 billion) in defaulted public debt.
NY Coroner Cites Drugs, Disease in Caminiti Death An overdose of cocaine contributed to the heart attack that killed former Houston Astros third baseman and National League Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti on Oct. 10, according to autopsy results made public on Monday.
UPDATE 1-Argentina to issue up to \$41.8 bln in bond swap Argentina will issue up to \$41.8 billion in new bonds as part of its world-record swap of \$100 billion in defaulted debt, Economy Minister Roberto Lavagna told reporters on Monday.
Humana Leads Insurance Sector Higher Shares of major Medicare providers moved higher Monday after Humana Inc. handed Wall Street strong third-quarter earnings results, echoing rather upbeat investor sentiment seen throughout the sector.
Ivax down after earnings, revenue miss Wall Street views NEW YORK -- The stock of Ivax Corp., a maker of generic drugs, fell to a 52-week low Monday after the company said competitive pricing hurt its third-quarter results, causing them to fall short of Wall Street #39;s expectations.
Update 2: DoubleClick Studies Sale, Other Options The online advertising market is hot, but pioneer DoubleClick Inc. isn #39;t. The provider of Internet advertising services has decided to explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale.
UPDATE 5-BorgWarner bids 621 mln euros for diesel maker Beru US car parts maker BorgWarner Inc. (BWA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) launched a 621-million-euro (\$790 million) takeover bid for German rival Beru 
Valero to buy Kaneb Valero LP of San Antonio said Monday it will acquire Kaneb Services and Kaneb Pipe Line Partners of Dallas for \$2.8 billion. The assets of the combined partnership, which will retain the name Valero LP, will 
NASA Announces May 2005 For Shuttle Flight Summary - (Nov 1, 2004) Grounded since the Columbia disaster, the space shuttles are tentatively expected to return to flight as early as May 2005, according to NASA officials.
Ingres goes open-source Computer Associates International on Monday kicked off its entry into open-source software with the release of its Ingres r3 database.
VERITAS Advances Server Provisioning, Automates Discovery &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. - November 1, 2004 -ERITAS Software Corporation (Nasdaq: VRTS), today extended the capabilities of VERITAS OpForce distributed server provisioning software to include software application discovery and configuration.
Fergie winning mind games with Arsenal Manchester United #39;s win at Old Trafford to end Arsenal #39;s record unbeaten run is history now - but the controversy rumbles on.
Big Sam Slams Souey Slur Bolton manager Sam Allardyce rounded on his Newcastle counterpart Graeme Souness tonight for criticising their style of play. Allardyce saw his unsung side reclaim fourth spot in the table after a 2-1 victory at the Reebok Stadium.
American, 3 Others Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - An American and three other foreigners were kidnapped Monday from their office in western Baghdad  quot;in an exchange of fire, quot; the Interior Ministry spokesman said.
US embassies issue terror threat warning in northern Europe HELSINKI, Finland US embassies in northern Europe say they have received  quot;threat information quot; and are urging Americans living in the Nordic and Baltic regions to be cautious.
US to Question China About Bush Comment WASHINGTON - The State Department will ask the Chinese government about comments by a former senior Chinese official who accused President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world.
Seven killed, 42 hurt in central China communal violence Beijing, Nov. 1 (PTI): Atleast seven people were killed and 42 others injured in the worst communal violence in Zhengzhou, capital of central China #39;s Henan province since October 27, the local Government confirmed today.
Japan earthquake drama overshadows hostage death severed head of a man found in Baghdad were of Koda. Newspapers reported his killing. Japan on October 23, killing at least 36 people and forcing 100,000 from their homes.
All Eyes On Nigeria As Oil Price Bounces Oil prices bounced higher on Friday after two days of sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories of crude in the US and a move by China to cool its economy.
New \$8.8B tender offer requires removal of poison pill LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Oracle Corp. on Monday raised its hostile bid for rival PeopleSoft to \$8.8 billion, calling the bid its  quot;best and final offer, quot; as CEO Larry Ellison raised the stakes in a 17-month takeover 
Delta gets \$500M in financing As its pilots began voting on wage and other concessions, Delta Air Lines today announced \$500 million in new financing from General Electric Commercial Finance.
Maxim Joins Inventory Buildup Chorus Maxim (MXIM:Nasdaq - news - research) grew its first-quarter profit but said an inventory buildup hurt new bookings, a development bound to weigh on revenue in the quarter now underway.
China shuts internet cafes CHINA has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$US12 million (\$16 million) for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said.
Intel Offers Ultra-High-End P4 Extreme Edition Intel unveiled its latest ultra-high-end processor platform, the Pentium 4 Extreme Edition, with a higher-speed frontside bus and more cache and memory.
Ingres r3 open source database ships for Linux, Windows Computer Associates International plans to widen the field for open source alternatives to commercial databases with the general release of the Ingres r3 database on the Linux and Windows platforms.
Nokia 9500 Communicator Receives Wi-Fi Certification NEW YORK, November 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Nokia today announced the Nokia 9500 Communicator has been granted the IEEE 802-11b and WPA (Wireless Protected Access) certifications by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Houston Astros general manager resigns CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Gerry Hunsicker has decided to step down as general manager of the Houston Astros after nine years on the job.
Lynch lost with broken tailbone John Lynch will be out for two-to-four weeks after being diagnosed with a fractured tailbone. Denver #39;s veteran safety went down after being hit in the side by Falcons receiver Brian Finneran in Sunday #39;s 41-28 loss.
Elvstroem all set for race that stops a nation For 24 sets of horses, trainers, jockeys, strappers and connections, the ultimate Australian sporting prize is within reach today at famous Flemington - the \$4.
Norway closes Latvian embassy Norway evacuated and closed its Latvian embassy Monday out of fear of a possible terrorist attack, Aftenposten reported. US officials also warned their own citizens about possible 
Oracle Boosts PeopleSoft Bid to \$8.8 Billion Oracle lifted its purchase offer for PeopleSoft to \$24 per share from a previous bid of \$21.  quot;This price represents a significant premium to recent trading prices, and is in excess of the 52 
Weaker Dollar Causes Toyota #39;s Profit to Slip Profit at the Toyota Motor Corporation slipped 1.5 percent in the most recent quarter as damage from a falling dollar offset strong increases in sales around the world.
Manufacturing growth slows Closely watched ISM index for October comes in below September level but still shows expansion. Follow the news that matters to you.
J amp;J May End Stent Shortcomings With Guidant Buy Credit Suisse First Boston maintained  quot;neutral quot; ratings on Guidant (nyse: GDT - news - people ) and Johnson  amp; Johnson (nyse: JNJ - news - people ), saying a near-term acquisition of the former by the latter values Guidant at \$76.
Intel pushes Pentium 4 bus to 1,066-MHz for gamers SAN JOSE, Calif. - Intel Corp. (Santa Clara, Calif.) on Monday (Nov. 1) rolled out a new Pentium 4 processor and chip set for PC gamers, based on a 1,066-MHz front-side bus technology.
Protect your computer It only takes 20 minutes on the Internet for an unprotected computer running Microsoft Windows to be taken over by a hacker. Any personal or financial information stored 
AOL Partners with Microsoft, Earthlink And Yahoo For Spam Lawsuits America Online, Inc. (www.corp.aol.com) announced it was stepping up its fight against purveyors of unwanted, junk computer messages by filing two new lawsuits in Federal Court.
Nokia 9500 Communicator Receives Wi-Fi Certification Nokia announced that its 9500 Communicator has been granted IEEE 802.11b and WPA certifications by the Wi-Fi Alliance. The company also plans to provide the phone with Smartner #39;s Duality Always-On push e-mail solution.
Masters organisers hold crisis meeting over withdrawals The organisers of European Masters Series tournaments will meet in Paris on Tuesday to discuss ways to curb the number of withdrawals by leading players from their events.
Auburn Moves Into Third Place in BCS Auburn running back Carnell Williams (24) sprints past a Mississippi defender on his way to a 4th quarter 29-yard touchdown run in Oxford, Miss.
Norway Shuts Embassy amid Terror Warning Norway has temporarily closed its embassy in Latvia for security reasons, the country #39;s foreign ministry said on Monday. But Oslo insisted the measure was not motivated by a new US terror warning for the Baltic state.
Update: Oracle makes  #39;final #39; PeopleSoft offer, raises bid NOVEMBER 01, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The end may be in sight in the ongoing saga of Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile takeover bid for embattled competitor PeopleSoft Inc.
Startup no more, Netflix girds for DVD rental price war The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc. -- a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Videsh Sanchar to Buy Tyco #39;s Undersea Cable System (Update1) Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd., an Indian long-distance phone company owned by the \$14 billion Tata group, said it will buy Tyco International Ltd.
Wal-Mart Workers in British Columbia Want to Unionize (Update1) Wal-Mart Stores Inc. workers at seven tire centers in British Columbia applied to join the United Food and Commercial Workers, expanding efforts by Canadian unions to make inroads at the world #39;s largest retailer.
China Cracks Down on Internet Cafes The Chinese government has shut down 1,600 Internet cafes during 2004 and hit thousands more with fines and temporary closures. The country #39;s Culture Ministry claims that the shuttered establishments 
Enter your e-mail: Sometimes shopping on EBay is like being trapped in the world #39;s largest mall, but one in which every store looks the same. The page #39;s color scheme may be different (for better or worse), but otherwise you 
Courts to decide fate of political prisoners: PM ISLAMABAD: Courts will decide cases of the imprisoned political leaders, said Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz when asked about PML Secretary-General Mushahid Hussains proposal for release of Asif Ali Zardari, Javed Hashmi and Yousal Raza Gilani.
Senate Okays uniform bill ISLAMABAD: Senate Monday approved President  #39;s another office bill permitting President Gen. Pervez Musharraf to continue as Chief of the Army Staff (COAS) beyond Dec 31 this year.
National Semi Warns on Buildup The inventory correction claimed another victim late Monday as National Semiconductor (NSM:NYSE - news - research) said that second-quarter revenue would decline by nearly 20, about twice the amount it had expected.
Forest Labs Lowers 2005 Outlook Forest Laboratories Inc., which makes antidepressants like Celexa and Lexapro, lowered its profit outlook for 2005 as products from generic drug makers are expected to cut into its sales during the year.
VSNL buys out Tyco unit for \$130 mn MUMBAI, NOVEMBER 1: India Inc is stepping up acquisitions abroad. In its latest shopping abroad, Tata group firm Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd (VSNL) has signed an agreement to buy Bermuda-based Tyco Global Network 
Chinese Internet Crackdown The Chinese government shut down 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August of this year, according to China Radio International.
Macromedia Puts Custom Storefronts at EBay Users #39; Fingertips Mom-and-pop shops doing business online have long struggled with the fact that they look just like the diminutive outfits they are.
Toshiba To Replace Parts in 650,000 Notebooks Toshiba will provide replacements for defective parts used in some 650,000 notebook PCs.  quot;Under certain conditions and when used in combination with certain other components, quot; Toshiba says,  quot;the 
Veritas beefs up utility software Strengthining its utility computing software, Veritas Software on Monday released an upgrade to its server provisioning product called OpForce.
Chrysler Group recalling 23,600 minivans in Canada over fire &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WINDSOR, Ont. (CP) - DaimlerChrysler is recalling about 23,600 minivans in Canada over concerns that water could leak into a vehicle radio, trigger a short circuit and possibly start a speaker fire, the company said Monday.
Macromedia Targets eBay Users (Article Central) Macromedia announced on Monday that it is offering a customized version of Macromedia Contribute 3 that simplifies online store creation and customization for eBay sellers.
Air and Space museum expands offerings once again CHANTILLY, Virginia - Yesterday, the Smithsonian took the wraps off a new hangar where visitors can get close to a space shuttle. The space shuttle Enterprise is now on exhibit, the museum #39;s second-largest artifact after the Concorde.
Feds Issue Test Copies of E-voting Software NOVEMBER 01, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Federal officials last week released a set of software files submitted by five vendors of e-voting systems and voting verification tools, saying that election officials can use the code and related digital signatures to 
Singh attends THE PLAYERS charity luncheon Vijay Singh didnt have his golf clubs. He wasnt inside the ropes where hes gotten so comfortable this year, either. As Singh looked out at the gathering of 
Norwich Glean Seventh Draw After City Lead Norwich City moved off the bottom of the Premiership table but are still searching for that elusive first win after drawing 1-1 at Manchester City.
Porcher retires early from Lions Allen Park, MI (Sports Network) - Robert Porcher, Detroit #39;s all-time sack leader, retired Monday. The defensive end, who was inactivate for all seven games this season, posted 95 1/2 career sacks.
Raines joins White Sox staff CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Former Montreal Expos great Tim Raines has landed a coaching job with the Chicago White Sox. The once-prolific base-stealer has signed on to be Chiago #39;s first-base and base-running coach.
PM opposes bilateral issues at SAARC forum KATHMANDU: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz opposes amendments to the South Asia Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) Charter that would allow the discussion of bilateral issues, but 
The Marketplace Report: Vioxx Risks Long Known? Description: Drug maker Merck knew about the health risks of taking the pain medication Vioxx long before it pulled the drug from the market, The Wall Street Journal reports.
NASA Sets New Space Shuttle Launch Planning Window After an extensive review, NASA is planning its Return to Flight Space Shuttle mission, designated STS-114, for a launch window that opens in May 2005.
Gilbertson to step down after the season Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - University of Washington head football coach Keith Gilbertson will step down at the end of the 2004 season.
Timing an issue in Tel Aviv hit Ilan Moscovsky was heading out of his apartment to buy vegetables in Tel Aviv #39;s Carmel Market Monday at the moment a 16-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber detonated himself.
REGION: UN presses Iran and N Korea on N-threat UNITED NATIONS: The director of the UN nuclear watchdog agency said on Monday that North Korea posed a serious challenge to attempts to limit nuclear weapons in the world and Iran should suspend uranium enrichment activities.
Senate stamp on Pervez post Islamabad, Nov. 1. - Amid strong protests from opposition lawmakers, Pakistans Parliament today approved a Bill allowing President Pervez Musharraf to continue as Pakistans army chief, disregarding 
Forest Laboratories Cuts Profit Outlook Forest Laboratories Inc. (FRX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday lowered its profit outlook for fiscal year 2005, citing the recent approval of generic versions of its antidepressant drug Celexa.
Briefs: Delta gets financing from GE Delta Air Lines, which is trying to avert a bankruptcy filing, said Monday that General Electric #39;s commercial finance unit would provide it with \$500 million of financing.
US faces record borrowing requirement The federal government, running record budget deficits over the past two years, is projecting that it will have to borrow a record \$147 billion in the first three months of 2005, the Treasury Department announced Monday.
Stocks: US data send Wall Street a mixed message NEW YORK Stocks edged into positive territory in turbulent trading on Monday as pre-election jitters kept the markets off-balance and investors weighed a mix of US economic data.
HUD Eases Affordable-Housing Goals New government-set goals for mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to make home ownership affordable have been eased slightly from the targets proposed earlier this year, the Housing and Urban Development Department said Monday.
Toshiba is taking back bad memory ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Veritas Upgrades OpForce Veritas has released a new version of its OpForce provisioning software. The application enables administrators to discover, provision, configure and track multiple brands of servers and applications across data centers.
BP warning to randy staff Bosses at BP - Britains biggest firm -ave fired off a memo to staff asking them to stop having sex in the office. It comes after romps in toilets, in a meeting room and behind cabinets were caught on CCTV cameras, says The Sun.
The War of Words November 01, 2004 - Hot on the heels of Sony #39;s announcement last week that its forthcoming handheld, called the PSP, would retail this December in Japan for approximately \$186 USD, a brief war of words between the company and rival Nintendo erupted.
Ukraine headed for runoff vote, officials say Amidst allegations the election fell far short of meeting democratic standards, officials say Ukraine #39;s hotly-contested presidential vote is too close to call.
Arafat is still in charge:Minister RAMALLAH: Ministers insisted on Monday there was no vacancy at the top of the Palestinian Authority as they held their first cabinet meeting since Yasser Arafat left for life-saving treatment in France.
AT amp;T Adds Worm And Virus Protection To Firewall Service AT amp;T has added worm and virus protection to its Internet Protect service network-based firewall. The service now helps businesses protect themselves from a variety of threats without 
Macromedia and eBay make the Web business prettier Online marketplace eBay has helped create hundreds of thousands of small businesses by offering huge audiences, a trusted interface, easy payment options, and even benefits like health insurance.
Grab a Bigger Mech November 01, 2004 - Microsoft today unveiled the special MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf Limited Edition. Available only in limited quantities, the special edition to the much-anticipated sequel will include two 
Henman to add Texas date to his schedule TIM HENMAN was out in the drizzle on the Esplanade du Trocadero yesterday, hitting balls back and forth with Lleyton Hewitt without a care in the world.
Fragile Arsenal need to shake off fallout from Old Trafford EIGHT days after the Game of the Decade gave way to the Battle of the Buffet before turning into a war of words between Arsenal and Manchester United 
Probe focuses on bomber #39;s route Investigators are seeking to determine the route taken by 16-year-old suicide bomber Amar al-Far, and find out who assisted him after he left his home in the Askar refugee camp near Nablus at 7:30 Monday morning, blowing himself up just over three hours 
Roundup: Vioxx News; Weight And Your Heart; Benefits Of Being &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Wall Street Journal has reported that pharmaceutical company Merck knew as far back as 2000 that its arthritis medication, Vioxx, was linked to an increased risk of heart attack.
AT amp;T Builds In Network Security AT amp;T (Quote, Chart) announced a new version of its predictive service designed to help protect far-flung businesses from worms and viruses without deploying firewalls at each location.
Macromedia Software Helps eBay Sellers Build Stores Macromedia is offering a new version of its Contribute 3 software that will make it easier for eBay sellers to create custom eBay stores.
MechAssault 2 gets limited edition Premiere pressing of Microsoft Game Studios #39; robot war sequel will feature exclusive maps, making-of video. Microsoft Game Studios today announced that it will release a limited edition package for MechAssault 
Poll leaves Ukraine facing run-off UKRAINE was in agonising limbo yesterday after results of a presidential election showed a dead heat between the Prime Minister and his liberal challenger, setting the stage for a tense runoff in three weeks.
Arsenal cannot escape from tunnel vision The Manchester United-Arsenal spat assumed even more surreal proportions yesterday when the Arabic television channel, al-Jazeera, descended on the champions #39; London Colney training ground to grill Patrick Vieira on flying pizza.
Kenteris keen to clear his name The disgraced Greek sprinter, Kostas Kenteris, has come out fighting over claims that he faked a motorcycle crash to avoid a drug test before the Athens Olympics.
Italians shake off shackles MOST YEARS, AROUND THIS TIME, THE pundits gather around the Champions League tables and begin to draw conclusions, looking for wider trends and patterns.
Patriots run brought to an end by Pittsburgh FIRST Arsenals unbeaten record came to an end and now that of the New England Patriots is no more. The Super Bowl champions suffered their first defeat for 399 days on Sunday, losing to the Pittsburgh Steelers 
Textile heads mull end of quotas It is sad for company executives to curb business growth themselves. But the curbing of growth is now being hotly debated among Chinese textile producers, reported China Daily on Tuesday.
Deja Vu at AT amp;T AT amp;T (NYSE: T) is without a doubt facing many challenges to its business, and therefore, it #39;s been looking at some burgeoning areas for growth, like voice over Internet protocol (VoIP).
CA sets Ingres database free com November 1, 2004, 8:03 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf Continuing in the thirty-first century, MechAssault 2 allows gamers to encounter entirely new experiences in the epic BattleTech world.
AT amp;T upgrades security tools Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Make the Case: Business Case Template for Voice Over Internet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) is one benefit of the convergence between data and telecommunications. Companies today are seeing the value of transporting voice over IP networks to reduce telephone and 
The TV That Sent Out a Cry for Help, via Satellite It may be that many people, staring blankly from their sofas into the empty, late-night flicker of their televisions, are in need of rescuing.
Uruguay elects leftist leader for first time was enough to ensure he would be able to govern. Vazquez declared himself winner a few hours. after compulsory voting ended in the nation of 3.4 million, and his two challengers conceded.
Darfur rebels, complaining of fresh violence, plan to withdraw &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Darfur #39;s largest rebel group said Monday it would send its military officials home from peace talks within the week to deal with what it claimed were fresh bombing 
National Semi Cuts Guidance High performance analog chipmaker National Semiconductor today lowered its revenue guidance for its fiscal Q2. The new guidance for the quarter calls for revenues to range from \$445 million to \$450 million 
Freddie Mac to Resume Quarterly Profit Reports in  #39;05 (Update4) Freddie Mac, the second biggest provider of financing for US residential mortgages, said significant #39; #39; revisions are still required before it can resume quarterly reports of its earnings.
Workers weigh grocery concessions About 150 union workers at three grocery chains today debated whether to offer their employers more concessions, two days before a contract extension was to expire.
Study: FireFox still gaining on Internet Explorer Alternative Web browsers Mozilla and FireFox experienced another month of growth at the expense of Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer, according to an online study.
Bluetooth mini-mouse p2pnet.net News:- IOGEAR says it #39;s launched a rechargeable Bluetooth mini-mouse so road warriors can work wirelessly up to 66 feet away from their computers.
Microsoft, Others Launch Anti-Spam Lawsuits AOL has filed two lawsuits, while EarthLink and Yahoo! each filed a single lawsuit. The three Microsoft lawsuits allege that defendants spoofed the domains of all four ISPs and used open proxies to route the emails.
Misfiring Gunners can win Champions League, says Wenger LONDON: Arsene Wenger has insisted his Arsenal side can shrug off their under-achievers tag and win the Champions League this season.
Beijing to learn from experiences from Olympic host cities The Athens Olympic Games debriefing has opened in Beijing, with future Olympic hosts and five bidding cities for the 2012 Games participating.
IAEA chief calls on Iran to voluntarily suspend uranium enrichment &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chief of the UN nuclear activities watchdog Mohamed ElBaradei urged on Monday Iran to suspend all uranium enrichment activities and pursue transparent nuclear policies 
Sergeant  #39;committed suicide #39; A senior military policewoman found dead in Basra and named last night by the Ministry of Defence is understood to have killed herself.
Toyota #39;s Shares Decline After Unexpected Quarterly Profit Drop Toyota Motor Corp. #39;s shares fell for a second day, after the world #39;s second-biggest automaker had an unexpected quarterly profit drop.
Industrialist Lord Hanson dies at 82 Former industrialist Lord Hanson, one of the biggest figures in corporate history, has died from cancer, the BBC reports. He was 82.
Purpura Succeeds Hunsicker As Astros #39; GM Newly named Houston Astros general manager Tim Purpura, left, answers a question as former general manager Gerry Hunsicker, right, listens during a news conference to announce Hunsicker #39;s resignation Monday, Nov. 1, 2004, in Houston.
Rockets give \$83 million to McGrady CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Houston Rockets welcomed aboard reigning scoring champion Tracy McGrady with open arms and an open wallet.
Lejeune Marines Get Help From British Troops CAMP LEJEUNE, NC -- Camp Lejeune Marines patrolling south of Baghdad, Iraq, are getting help from British troops. The 24th Marine Exepeditionary Unit of some 2,200 troops says it is being reinforced by some 
Tokyo stocks open lower TOKYO - Stocks opened lower Monday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange due mainly to falls in export-oriented auto and technology shares on a firmer yen.
Brother: Castro Improving After Fall HAVANA Nov 1, 2004 - Fidel Castro is healing nicely after shattering a kneecap and breaking an arm in an accidental fall, his older brother Ramon said Monday, adding that their family has always enjoyed good health and longevity.
Internet Explorer Takes Another Market-Share Hit Challenges to Microsoft #39;s Web browser dominance are mounting as Internet Explorer loses more market share to open-source rival Mozilla.
MPs blame lack of cash for failure of Beagle 2 Britain #39;s ill-fated Beagle 2 mission to Mars failed partly because a lack of government funds left the project as an  quot;amateurish gentlemen #39;s agreement quot;, a committee of MPs says in a report today.
Capcom undecided on Resident Evil cross-platform strategy The news of Resident Evil 4 #39;s conversion to the PS2 threw up more questions than answers this morning; most obviously whether the end of its GameCube exclusivity deal would open the floodgates to the brand making a belated appearance on a slew of other 
IOGEARs new Wireless Bluetooth Mini Mouse Before we go any further, stop saying Mini Mouse like youre Mini Me. Stop it. Thats no longer allowed in the cubicles of America.
Smith gets Scots Vogt WALTER SMITH is waiting for a call from the SFA to succeed the axed Berti Vogts as Scotland manager. Vogts, 57, finally decided to go by mutual consent after thrashing out a compensation package worth an estimated 500,000.
Opp rejects two-offices bill ISLAMABAD: The Senate opposition rejected the two-offices bill on Monday, arguing that it violated the Constitution and deprived parliament of its powers.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher, US Dollar Up Tokyo stocks opened higher Tuesday after the dollar rose slightly against the yen and shares posted modest gains on Wall Street overnight.
Readers React to RE4 November 01, 2004 - Capcom #39;s stunning Halloween announcement definitely came as a shock to PS2 and Cube owners yesterday, what with the company #39;s previous statement that Resident Evil 4 would never be available for another system this generation.
IOGEAR #39;s Wireless Mini Mouse Uses Bluetooth IOGEAR launched its rechargeable Bluetooth Mini Mouse. Offering greater flexibility and functionality, the Bluetooth technology allows for use up to 66 feet away from the computer, making it a practical tool for presentations.
Lowe, Varitek among 10 Red Sox filing for free agency Right-hander Derek Lowe and catcher Jason Varitek led a parade of 10 Red Sox who filed for free agency Monday, two days after they were honored in Boston following the team #39;s first World Series title since 1918.
North Korea Poses Serious Challenge, #39; IAEA #39;s ElBaradei Says North Korea poses a serious challenge #39; #39; to United Nations efforts to control the spread of nuclear weapons, said Mohamed ElBaradei, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Macrovision 3Q Net Slumps, Beats Views Macrovision Corp., a maker of copyright protection software, said Monday that third-quarter profit fell 82 percent as charges offset markedly higher sales.
US: Rothschild Chalone takeover is go Chalone Wine Group has finally accepted the takeover offer from French winemaker Domaines Barons de Rothschild. The French company announced today (1 November) that it has entered into a merger agreement with 
240,000 Minivan Radios May Be Susceptible To Fires DETROIT -- Chrysler is recalling 240,000 minivans because their radios may short-circuit and cause a fire. Affected are Dodge Caravan and Chrysler Town and Country minivans from the 2001 and 2002 model years.
Piracy Clampdown By Nintendo It has been announced that a temporary restraining order by the US District Court for the Western District of Washington has been placed on two companies that have been importing products into the US containing dozens of inbuilt NES games.
Cuba rules out US change of policy towards it The Cuban government does not believe there will be changes in Washington #39;s policy against the island country, regardless whoever wins the presidential election in the United States next week, local press said Saturday.
CA Announces General Availability of Ingres r3 Under CA Trusted &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Computer Associates International, Inc. (NYSE:CA) today announced general availability of Ingres r3 for Linux and Windows under the CA Trusted Open Source License (CATOSL).
Will desktop searching reveal all your hidden PC secrets? Desktop search is not new: it is already built into the Start menu of Microsoft Windows XP. However, not everyone is aware it exists, it excludes lots of file types, the results are generally poor, and it 
Avaya, Polycom Unveil Internet Videophone The Avaya Video Telephony Solution: Desktop Edition bundles US-based Polycom #39;s ViaVideo II video camera for PCs with Softphone from Avaya.
Bosses ban bonking London - Bosses at a big British firm have sent out a memo to staff - asking them to stop having sex in the office. It comes after romps in toilets, in a meeting room and behind cabinets were caught on CCTV cameras, reports The Sun.
 #39;Spat upon #39; Vogts quits Scottish job GLASGOW: Scotland manager Berti Vogts, right, has resigned because of  quot;disgraceful abuse quot; including being spat upon, he said in a Scottish Football Association statement last night.
Henman gains Masters place What had appeared a potentially awkward couple of days for Tim Henman were transformed into sweetness and light yesterday morning when he qualified for the eight-man end-of-season Masters Cup in Houston in a fortnight #39;s time without the need to win a 
Kederis awaits drugs charges Kostas Kederis, Greece #39;s disgraced former Olympic champion, has said he is confident he will clear his name in court if authorities in Athens decide to charge him with deliberately avoiding a drugs test.
Cup stars to keep on racing Seven of the eight Breeders #39; Cup race winners on Saturday, including Classic hero Ghostzapper, will remain in training next year, their respective trainers said.
Van Gundy concerned over injured O #39;Neal #39;s limited practice time Shaquille O #39;Neal remains bothered by a strained left hamstring, yet the 11-time All-Star center hopes to play Wednesday when Miami opens its season at New Jersey.
China blasts Bush as  #39;arrogant #39; ahead of presidential poll China criticized US President George W. Bush #39;s war on Iraq yesterday, accusing an  quot;arrogant quot; United States of trying to  quot;rule the world quot; and blaming the US-led invasion for sparking an increase in terrorist attacks.
The Asahi Shimbun The safe scenario Japan envisioned in Iraq has been shattered, underlined by the slaying of Shosei Koda. In a country where veteran diplomats refuse to go outdoors and armed troops hesitate to leave the confines 
North Korea Says South #39;s Navy Staged Provocation North Korea accused the South #39;s navy on Tuesday of staging a grave provocation that could lead to a maritime skirmish after South Korean patrol boats fired warning shots to repel navy vessels from the North.
Nasa to relaunch shuttles two years after  #39;Columbia #39; Nasa has announced plans to launch the first manned space mission since the 2003 Columbia disaster. The next shuttle flight is to take place in May 2005 following a series of delays because of damage caused by hurricanes.
Macromedia Introduces Publishing Tool for EBay A special version of Macromedia #39;s Contribute Web publishing desktop application is designed to automate and simplify the creation and modification of EBay Stores.
Benesova Wins at Advanta Championships VILLANOVA, Pa. Nov 1, 2004 - Iveta Benesova defeated Kristina Brandi 6-4, 3-6, 6-4 Monday in the first round of the Advanta Championships.
It #39;s a Brees: Chargers pound Raiders A few weeks ago people in San Diego were screaming for a change at quarterback. Now it seems that sort of talk has been quieted by the play of Drew Brees.
Miami vs. NY Jets EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Ticker) -- Four years ago, the New York Jets and Miami Dolphins staged what has been voted as the greatest Monday Night Football game.
US condemns beheading, praises Japan for not bowing to terrorists WASHINGTON, Nov 1 (AFP) - The United States on Monday condemned the beheading of a Japanese tourist by militants in Iraq as a  quot;heinous crime quot; and hailed Tokyo #39;s rejection of terrorist demands to withdraw troops from the insurgency-wracked nation.
Here #39;s a look at Houston #39;s family #39;s companies, lawsuits * Winning Action Investments Inc., real estate investment corporation that filed for bankruptcy in February 2003. Guy Houston signed loan papers as company vice president and was cited with the company by 
Veritas releases OpForce 4.0 Veritas Software on Monday will announce a new version of its OpForce provisioning software designed to make it easier for administrators to install and manage applications, as well as operating systems, on servers.
Owen on target again Real Madrid picked up a much-needed win over lowly Getafe, with Michael Owen again on target. The former Liverpool striker scored his fourth goal in his last four games to give Real the advantage after 28 minutes.
Benesova wins at Advanta Championships Iveta Benesova defeated Kristina Brandi 6-4, 3-6, 6-4 Monday in the first round of the Advanta Championships. Benesova and Brandi split the first two sets and Brandi broke serve to take a 1-0 lead in the third.
Warriors sign two players to extensions Jason Richardson and Troy Murphy will stay with the Golden State Warriors for the long term after agreeing to six-year contract extensions with the team a day before the start of the season.
Purpura replaces Hunsicker as Astros GM Tim Purpura became general manager of the Houston Astros Monday, replacing Gerry Hunsicker, who resigned. Purpura had been the team #39;s assistant GM and director of player development.
Ethnic Clashes Are Confirmed by Beijing; Toll Is Unclear Riots in the central Chinese province of Henan resulted in seven deaths and 42 injuries and were quelled after authorities imposed martial law, the New China News Agency said 
US Issues Nordic, Baltic Security Alert The United States has warned its citizens in the Nordic and Baltic states to be extra vigilant after receiving  quot;threat information quot; on the eve of the US presidential election.
Miloevic can defend himself but must accept court lawyers, UN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 1 November 2004 - Slobodan Miloevic can go back to representing himself in his ongoing genocide trial but must let his court-appointed lawyers assist him if his health threatens to interfere with the case, a United Nations tribunal ruled today.
Toyota Q2 Earnings Slip 1 Percent Toyota reported a profit of \$2.8 billion for the July-September quarter, down 1 percent from \$2.836 billion a year ago. The auto maker recorded group net profit of \$5.
240,000 Minivan Radios May Be Succeptible To Fires DETROIT -- Chrysler is recalling 240,000 minivans because their radios may short-circuit and cause a fire. Affected are Dodge Caravan and Chrysler Town and Country minivans from the 2001 and 2002 model years.
Failed Mars Probe Blamed on Lack of Funds A failed European mission to land a probe on Mars last year was hampered by late funding from the British government and tensions between groups conducting the flight, a parliamentary committee said Tuesday.
Ill., Mich. Want New Federal Isotope Lab CHICAGO - Like most of us, politicians don #39;t know much about isotopes. But because they know something about money and jobs, lawmakers from Illinois and Michigan are locked in a battle to convince the federal 
Report Says Overdose Killed Caminiti The chief medical examiner #39;s office in New York City reported yesterday that Ken Caminiti, the National League most valuable player in 1996, died from an accidental drug overdose.
Cuba seeks US food trade HAVANA -- Just days before the US presidential election, which could alter US-Cuba relations, communist officials were designing deals to buy \$150 million more in US farm products at a trade fair opening today.
Mariners Won #39;t Pick Up Guardado Option SEATTLE - The Mariners declined to pick up the contract option on closer Eddie Guardado, giving the injured left-hander 10 days to decide if he wants to become a free agent.
Cuba, US sign major food deals HAVANA - Fidel Castro may have recently stopped circulation of US dollars in Cuba, but that isn #39;t stopping a multi-million dollar agricultural deal between the two countries.
Drugs in sport: Olympic horse #39;s urine sample stolen Part of the B-sample of a show jumping horse that won Ireland #39;s only gold medal at the Athens Olympics has been stolen, the International Equestrian Federation said yesterday.
Senate Allows Musharraf To Hold Duel Office General Pervez Musharraf to retain duel office-army chief and presidency- beyond December 31, 2004 amid opposition #39;s walkout. The bill, already passed by the National Assembly, was endorsed by the Upper-House 
Update 1: Tokyo Stocks Trading Higher Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday morning after shares posted modest gains on Wall Street and oil prices declined overnight. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Investors pour robust \$5.5 billion into venture funds Venture capital and private equity firms enjoyed a particularly strong third quarter when it came to raising money from institutional investors.
Northwest adds Guangzhou, more flights from Indianapolis Northwest Airlines is expanding services again in Indianapolis and has begun a new passenger service from Guangzhou, China, to its Tokyo hub.
VW Workers protest as pay talks start Volkswagen workers in Braunschweig were among 15,000 who yesterday staged token stoppages across Germany over the group #39;s demands for cuts in labour costs, including a two-year pay freeze.
Oracle sets PeopleSoft deadline Oracle yesterday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company PeopleSoft by 14, to \$8.8bn (4.37bn), and for the first time set a deadline for acceptance of the bid.
Painkiller firm  #39;hid heart risk #39; The reputation of the drug industry took another heavy blow yesterday with a report suggesting that Merck had fought for years to cover up evidence linking its painkiller Vioxx to heart attacks and strokes.
Cuba signs more food deals in days before critical US election Communist Cuba on Monday signed contracts to buy 100 head of American dairy cattle worth \$300,000 and \$10 million of wheat and meat products from the southern United States, launching 
Dutch state takes over gas network The creation of a single European gas market took a step forward yesterday with the Dutch government taking control of its country #39;s gas transport network from Royal Dutch/Shell and ExxonMobil.
Barrett: Intel Releases  #39;Extreme #39; Chip To Mixed Reviews Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) released its Pentium 4 Extreme Edition processor on Monday. The hotly awaited--and just as hotly touted--new chip is geared for a  quot;balanced quot; approach to home PCs: By tightening 
AT amp;T Adds Worm And Virus Protection To Firewall Service It lets businesses protect themselves from a variety of threats without having to deploy firewalls at each of their locations. By Networking Pipeline News.
Microsoft Help Promotes Google Web Search Doing some news catch up and came across this interesting item from InfoWorld last week: Google helps promote Windows XP. It #39;s about how Microsoft #39;s Partner Pack For Windows is promoting the Google Deskbar.
Ready for Liftoff Here in the lime-green payload bay of the space shuttle Enterprise, Anne McCombs is going boldly where -- well, where only a few men have gone before.
Avaya, Polycom Dial in Videoconferencing Avaya (Quote, Chart), a communications software, systems and services company, has announced a new Internet Protocol-based video-conferencing offering for businesses.
Vinnie firms as storm strikes Flemington IRISH stayer Vinnie Roe firmed from \$6 to \$5.50 for this afternoon #39;s Melbourne Cup as a storm reached Flemington bringing strong winds and rain.
Ranieri under pressure at Valencia Claudio Ranieri thought he had escaped the worst excesses of management insecurity when he moved from Chelsea to Valencia in the summer, but the Italian takes his new charges to Inter 
BCS Is Shaken by Upsets, But Top Two Stay in Place The Bowl Championship Series standings underwent a shakeup yesterday, but the top two teams -- Southern California and Oklahoma -- remained the same.
Milosevic wins appeal on defence The former Yugoslav president, Slobodan Milosevic, yesterday won back the right to lead his own defence at his trial for war crimes.
Setback in Darfur peace talks Darfur #39;s largest rebel group has said it will send its military officials home from peace talks within the week to deal with what it claimed were fresh attacks in the bloodied western Sudan province.
First female British soldier dies in Iraq LONDON - A military policewoman has become the first British female soldier to die in Iraq since last year #39;s US-led invasion but her death was believed to have been caused by a non-hostile incident, officials said on Tuesday.
Matsushita Sues Over PDP Patent Matsushita is asking a Tokyo court to halt sales in Japan of plasma display panels made by a South Korean company that the Japanese electronics giant says violate its patents, the company said Tuesday.
HUD Sets New Goals For Fannie, Freddie Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will have to increase their funding of mortgages for low- and moderate-income home buyers, under a new rule the Department of Housing and Urban Development announced yesterday.
Lockheed Must Pay for Failed Dump Cleanup Firm to Take \$110 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lockheed Martin Corp. said yesterday it will take a \$110 million charge in the fourth quarter after losing a six-year court battle over a failed contract with the Energy Department for cleanup of a radioactive-waste dump in Idaho.
Intel goes  #39;Extreme The Intel Pentium 4 processor Extreme Edition supporting Hyper-Threading (HT) Technology and a higher-speed system bus enabled by the new Intel 925XE Express chipset form the foundation of this new enthusiast platform.
Nokia 9500 Communicator receives Wi-Fi Certification The Nokia 9500 Communicator is the first mobile device operating in both cellular and wireless LAN networks to receive this qualification.
Cassini Close-Up on Titan NASA #39;S Cassini space-probe has sent back some stunning images from its close encounter with Titan, one of the moon #39;s of the giant ringed planet Saturn.
Gunmen seize US and Arab hostages Iraqi insurgents yesterday kidnapped an American and up to five others in an audacious attack on a house in western Baghdad. An interior ministry source told the Guardian the militants approached the villa 
Karma Nabulsi Why has Yasser Arafat not  quot;groomed quot; a successor (like some petty oriental despot), commentators have demanded to know in recent days, and why he is leaving a chaotic power-vacuum?
GUNMEN KILL OFFICIAL In a separate incident in Baghdad, four oil workers from a Saudi Arabian firm - including an American and a Nepalese - were grabbed at gunpoint from their office.
PM visits to help bring positive changes in region: PML ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan Muslim League has said that Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz ongoing visit to three SAARC member states is highly important as it will play a significant role in bringing positive changes in the region.
In the NBA, Shaq and Kobe Are Still the Show Everything starts, again, with Shaq, Kobe and Phil. They didn #39;t win either of the last two NBA titles. They were dismissed from the Finals by the Pistons in June.
Randolph Appears to Be Leader in Clubhouse When the Mets unveiled the finalists for their opening at manager Monday night, the list was in alphabetical order: Terry Collins, Rudy Jaramillo and Willie Randolph.
Unions and VW narrowing differences FRANKFURT Volkswagen and its workers entered a critical week in their wage negotiations Monday, with signs that a compromise was taking shape even as protests flared at factories across Germany.
ANZ, Royal Group Join on Bank in Cambodia Australian bank ANZ and Cambodia #39;s Royal Group have teamed up in a \$18 million venture that will bring electronic banking to the impoverished Southeast Asian nation, company officials said Tuesday.
Rain hits ahead of Melbourne Cup Rain and strong winds in the Australian city of Melbourne is expected to bring a swag of international horses back into contention for the nation #39;s best known horse race, the Melbourne Cup.
China sows confusion over attack on Bush policies WASHINGTON - Chinas embassy in Washington sowed confusion on Monday about an election-eve attack on President George W. Bushs policies that raised questions about whether Beijing was trying to gain favor with Democrat John Kerry.
Thai King Urges Premier to Be More Lenient in the Muslim South In a sign of national crisis, Thailand #39;s revered king summoned Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and urged him to take a more measured approach toward Muslim violence in the south, Mr.
Oracle boosts hostile bid for PeopleSoft to \$8.8bn Oracle raised its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft by 14 percent yesterday, aiming to bring a resolution to the long-running takeover battle between the foes.
Resident Evil 4 Not GC Exclusive PS2 owners will have to wait almost a whole year, but they will be getting it. Capcoms million-seller latest title Resident Evil 4 expanding into Nintendo GameCube and PlayStaion2!
Report shows Arctic nations must cut CO2 emissions immediately &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Arctic governments must cut emissions of carbon dioxide immediately or face the extinction of species, damaging storms and flooding, says the World Wildlife Fund.
Afghan kidnappers agree to talk Afghan militants agreed to negotiate the release of three UN workers taken hostage last week, but warned they were ready to kill them if any rescue attempt was made.
PeopleSoft: Sour on a Sweetened Bid? An end to the 17-month takeover squabble between software giant Oracle (ORCL ) and rival PeopleSoft (PSFT ) may not be in sight even though, in what Chairman Jeffrey O. Henley called a  quot;best and final quot; offer, Oracle on Nov.
Oil Below \$50 Deepening \$5 Fall US oil prices hovered below \$50 a barrel on Tuesday, deepening a week-long \$5 slump after some traders cashed in profits from this year #39;s record-breaking rally ahead of the US presidential election.
IRS Reveals Less Cheating by Businesses, Its Data Show The push by the commissioner of Internal Revenue for quick completion of audits of big corporations - a move criticized by many longtime agency auditors - has led to a sharp drop in the 
Update 1: Casino Reaches Tentative Deal With Workers A union representing 10,000 striking casino-hotel workers tentatively agreed to a new contract late Monday, ending a bitter month-old walkout that disrupted casino operations, made gamblers sleep in unmade beds and put rank-and-file workers onto noisy 
Stock Adviser, on Trial for Fraud, Is Portrayed as a Crusader Anthony Elgindy, the San Diego stock adviser accused of gaining confidential government information from an FBI agent in a stock manipulation scheme, looked attentively at the jury yesterday as 
Election jitters keep stock gains modest NEW YORK - Wall Street #39;s pre-election jitters left the major stock market indexes with only modest gains Monday, even as crude-oil futures fell near the \$50-per-barrel mark.
Source: Bowden to take Washington GM job The Washington-bound Montreal Expos have found someone to take one of the most tenuous jobs in sports. Jim Bowden, Cincinnati #39;s general manager from 1992-2003, will be announced as Washington #39;s GM on Tuesday 
Kidd, Houston start season on injured list When the NBA season tips off, the New Jersey Nets will be without All-Star Jason Kidd, and Allan Houston of the New York Knicks will be on the injured list, too.
UN Nuclear Agency Chief Urges Iran to Suspend Activities The chief of the United Nations #39; nuclear agency appealed to Iran Monday to suspend its nuclear activities and expressed concern that efforts to halt 
S. Korea #39;s LG, Japan #39;s Matsushita in war over display panel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL: South Korea #39;s leading home appliance maker, LG Electronics Inc., declared an all-out war on Japan #39;s Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
Lack of Pay Accord Extends Stoppages at Volkswagen (Update1) Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s biggest carmaker, faces production losses at its Wolfsburg headquarters after a sixth set of contract talks with union negotiators on cost cuts, job security and pay ended without agreement.
Toyota makes record first half profit of 866 billion yen Toyota Motor Corp., Japan #39;s top automaker, made a record operating profit of 866.2 billion yen in the first half of this business year, the company said.
AOL Cutting More Than 700, Most in Virginia America Online Inc. is preparing to fire more than 700 employees in early December -- mostly at the company #39;s Northern Virginia headquarters -- a cost-cutting move tied to the firm #39;s continuing 
Wal-Mart #39;s health care under attack In the debate over what to do about the growing number of working people with little or no health insurance, no company may be taking more heat than the United States #39; largest employer, Wal-Mart Stores.
Intel Introduces  quot;Extreme quot; Chip For Gamers Intel released its Extreme Edition Pentium 4 processor on Monday, a new platform that the chip-maker says is especially designed for people who like to push their PCs to the limit.
Tom Hanson: Singhing the blues over boring wins The tale of him caddying for a \$1 a day at Nadi Airport Golf Club in his native Fiji to becoming the PGA Tour #39;s first \$10 million man with a five-shot victory Sunday at the Chrysler Championship in Palm Harbor is utterly amazing.
Spurs sign Parker to contract extension Point guard Tony Parker agreed to a long-term contract extension with the San Antonio Spurs on Monday night. Terms of the deal were not released.
Iraq #39;s prime minister urged not to attack Fallujah The reports come as Iraq #39;s interim prime minister is under heavy pressure not to order an assault on Fallujah. It comes from within his own government -- interim president Ghazi al-Yawer (GAH #39;-zee ahl-YOW #39;-ur).
 #39;Southern Thailand could be flashpoint for extremism in Asia #39; : Former Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim, today warned southern Thailand risked becoming a flashpoint for Islamic extremism, after 85 Muslims died there last week in a confrontation with the army.
Boeing may have Wichita buyer WICHITA, Kan. -- The Boeing Co. has indicated it will announce the buyer of its commercial-airplane operations here around Thanksgiving, the plant #39;s largest union told its members yesterday.
Jets cruise over dreadful Dolphins SPORTS NETWORK - Chad Pennington threw three touchdown passes to lead the New York Jets to a 41-14 victory over the Miami Dolphins at Giants Stadium.
Pakistan ; Aziz visit promotes Pakistan, not SAARC The Himalayan Times #39; photographer Dwarika Ranjit was prevented from entering the hall at the Soaltee Hotel where Aziz was speaking on  quot;Promoting Regional Cooperation quot;.
Yukos tax bill may hit \$17 billion The Kremlin is hitting the Yukos Oil Corp. with huge new tax claims that will total \$17 billion, the Moscow Times reported late Monday.
Oil Prices Fall as Concerns About Supply Begin to Ease Oil prices fell to a four-week low yesterday, briefly dropping below \$50 a barrel, as traders grew less concerned about possible threats to supplies.
More than 200,000 barrels of daily production restored Oil companies trying to overcome storm damage in the Gulf of Mexico have put 200,000 more barrels of daily production back on line in the past week, a federal agency reported Monday.
Cuba buying more US farm products HAVANA Despite tighter American restrictions on Cuba, Havana has signed more deals to buy US cattle and wheat. It happened at a major international trade fair in Havana, where American businesses played a major role.
Lord James Hanson, prominent British businessman, dies at 82 Lord James Hanson, a wealthy industrialist whose business prospered by acquiring poorly run, low-tech companies and turning them into money makers, died Monday after a long battle with cancer, his spokesman said.
Study: Firefox still gaining on Internet Explorer Alternative Web browsers Mozilla and Firefox experienced another month of growth at the expense of Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer, according to an online study.
McGrady, Rockets make a long-term commitment McGrady, who begins his first season with the Rockets tonight, agreed Monday on a foregone conclusion of a contract extension worth as much as \$63 million over three years that could keep him in Houston through the 2009-10 season.
As NHL lockout drags on, few cracks starting to develop in players &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The NHL Players Association is gathering its players representatives in Toronto for discussions Tuesday, an information session that, when finished, could resemble the biggest pep rally this side of Friday nights in South Bend.
Sexson files for free agency com. Arizona general manager Joe Garagiola Jr. spoke with Sexson #39;s agent, Casey Close, on Monday afternoon and did not read too much into the fact that the veteran filed for free agency.
Suicide bomber kills 3 in Tel Aviv TEL AVIV, ISRAEL - A 16-year-old Palestinian blew himself up in an outdoor market here late yesterday morning, killing three Israelis and wounding 32 others.
Drop in price of oil gives boost to financial markets Oil prices plunged to \$50.13 yesterday, capping a 10 percent fall from record highs set last week and easing worries about high energy prices in financial markets.
Investors don #39;t want  #39;November surprise #39; in earnings NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Time Warner shareholders hope they won #39;t get a  quot;November surprise quot; when the world #39;s largest media company releases its third-quarter results Wednesday.
Freddie Mac to resume reporting WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Freddie Mac will resume quarterly financial reporting next summer, after forgoing the regular reports in the wake of its restatement of three years #39; worth of results, the mortgage giant said Monday.
A Google-Microsoft War There #39;s been a lot of gossip about the upcoming Google browser and its possible impact on Microsoft. It #39;s hard to predict what will happen, but it won #39;t surprise me if an all-out war between Google and Microsoft ensues.
Search for new Scotland manager The search for a new Scotland manager is underway following the resignation of Berti Vogts. He quit yesterday after a disastrous two and a half year run, saying he couldn #39;t put up with the  quot;disgraceful abuse quot; any longer.
Election reflects Latin America tilt left Uruguay tapped Tabare Vazquez as its first socialist president in Sunday #39;s election, joining a growing group of South American countries embracing leftist governments.
US Citizen Among 6 Taken Hostage In Iraq Baghdad, Nov. 2 (NNN): An American citizen, an Asian and four Iraqis are reported to have been taken hostage at gunpoint from their office in Baghdad.
Canada #39;s Liberals Try Anew to Decriminalize Marijuana OTTAWA, Nov. 1 -- Canada #39;s Liberal government reintroduced legislation Monday to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana, drawing criticism that this could prompt a clampdown at the US border.
Time Warner #39;s Parsons Lifts Profit With AOL Advertising Gains Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s largest media company, probably will report a 26 percent increase in third- quarter net income, helped by a rebound in Web-advertising sales at its America Online unit.
Makybe Diva wins successive Melbourne Cups Makybe Diva won the 144th running of the A\$4.6 million (1.9 million pounds) Melbourne Cup to become only the fourth horse and the first mare to capture Australia #39;s richest and most famous race two years in a row.
Auburn gets closer to top of BCS By wire services. Auburn moved into third in the BCS standings released Monday while Southern Cal and Oklahoma held on to the top spots.
O #39;Hare Airport to get less flights A federal study released Monday lowered the number of flights that O #39;Hare International Airport can handle without creating gridlock.
Newspaper Circulation Continues to Decline The average circulation of the nation #39;s newspapers fell in the six months ended in September, as new federal restrictions on telemarketing and a more conservative approach by some publications 
IRS business audits decline so far this year The pace of corporate audits by the Internal Revenue Service continued to decline in the first six months of fiscal 2004, despite IRS pledges to crack down on 
La. seeks new bridge, elevated highway If you think oil is expensive now, just imagine if Hurricane Ivan had swung west and come ashore at this bustling oil and gas port at the southernmost point of Louisiana.
Earnings outlook for Q1 falls below expectations Tyco International said Monday that it turned a fourth-quarter profit as strength in its electronics, health-care and engineered products and services divisions spurred a 13 percent rise in revenue.
Tyco to Sell its Tyco Global Network to India #39;s VSNL for \$130 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PEMBROKE, Bermuda, Nov. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Tyco International Ltd. has agreed to sell its Tyco Global Network to Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited (VSNL), India #39;s leading telephone and internet services provider, for \$130 million.
Ill., Mich. Want New Federal Isotope Lab Like most of us, politicians don #39;t know much about isotopes. But because they know something about money and jobs, lawmakers from Illinois and Michigan are locked in a battle 
Vijay Swings to \$10 m kitty Vijay Singh, Fijis star golfer of Indian origin, became the first golfer to go over 10 million dollars in earnings in one year after shooting a six-under-par 65 on Sunday to capture the Chrysler Championship.
Longhorns back on BCS bubble It has happened every year since the BCS was formed in 1998. One way or another, whether by blowing its chance or by another team not providing help, Texas finds itself at the Cotton or Holiday bowls.
Fireworks possible at NHLPA meeting If certain people show up, today #39;s meeting of NHL Players #39; Association executives and members in Toronto could turn into a passionate debate between the union #39;s haves and have-nots.
Backman not one to back down General partner and avid baseball card collector Ken Kendrick happily raised a baseball card of Wally Backman vigorously sliding into an opposing catcher.
Canada to relax drug law The Canadian government signalled its intention yesterday to reintroduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Outrage over murder of Thai Muslim demonstrators The deaths of dozens of protestors on October 25 at the hands of the Thai security forces, and the horrifying manner in which they died, has unleashed fury in the predominantly Muslim provinces 
Merck sinks on Vioxx risk report BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Merck  amp; Co. shares fell more than 10 percent Monday on a news report that the company may have known for years that Vioxx, the pain reliever it recently withdrew from the market, could cause cardiac problems in some patients.
Newspaper circulations drop by 0.9, report says Circulation declined at most major US newspapers in the last half year, the latest blow for an industry already rocked by a scandal involving circulation misstatements that has undermined the confidence of investors and advertisers.
Automobiles lead a surge in spending US consumers opened their wallets and purses in a big way in September, with spending shooting up 0.6 percent. Joseph Zeppieri of West Melbourne looks at new vehicles at Kelly Ford in Melbourne.
Tyco turns corner over year-ago period Industrial conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. swung to a fiscal fourth-quarter profit on a double-digit jump in sales and on lower one-time charges compared with the year-ago quarter.
Chrysler recalls 240,000 vans over threat of speaker fire DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Chrysler recalled 240,000 Dodge Caravan and similar minivans and sedans because a short circuit can set fire to rear speakers of the radio.
FireFox better than Internet Explorer A recent study done by WestSideStory, a market research firm, present interesting results that show a continuous market share increase in FireFoxs favor.
JETS 41, DOLPHINS 14 Jets Are at Top of Their Game, and Back at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After spending the week facing questions on how they would rebound from their disappointing loss to New England, the Jets turned in a commanding 41-14 victory over Miami on Monday night, their most complete game of the season.
Bowden will be Expos #39; new GM Former Cincinnati Reds general manager Jim Bowden will be the general manager of the Washington baseball franchise, Major League Baseball sources said last night.
Six kidnapped in Iraq A US citizen and five other staff of a Saudi trading firm were kidnapped in Baghdad on Monday, while a deputy governor was shot dead, plunging Iraq deeper into crisis.
China seals off villages in central region after ethnic rioting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Villages were cordoned off and thousands of police kept watch along roads in central China on Tuesday following riots between majority Han Chinese and a Muslim minority that killed seven people and injured 42.
Chronicle increases its daily circulation The Houston Chronicle #39;s daily circulation grew in the last six months, while Sunday circulation declined, the Audit Bureau of Circulations has reported.
Makybe Diva Wins Melbourne Cup Horse Race MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Makybe Diva is the winner of the 2004 Melbourne Cup horse race, gaining first place in the 3,200-meter race held at Flemington course.
Wenger Highlights Importance Of Panathinaikos Match Arsenal will be playing against Panathinaikos on Tuesday night, in a match valid for Group E of the Champions League. Arsene Wenger is convinced that a win would almost surely qualify the English champions 
Kobe writing his own LA story Kobe Bryant nodded knowingly while remembering his quote from exactly one year ago:  quot;Every day is a bad day. quot;.  quot;Man, I feel great, just great, quot; he said, recalling those dark 
The choice in Ukraine AMERICANS anticipating a close presidential election and anxious about the legitimacy of the outcome might consider Sunday #39;s inconclusive presidential vote in Ukraine, a nation of 48 million people whose geopolitical perch between Europe and Russia makes 
50 years of trip-wire weirdness end as US leaves Korean border The world #39;s sole remaining Cold War frontier post lost its American guards yesterday when the United States withdrew from the demilitarised zone between North and South Korea.
US elections polling begins today WASHINGTON: Polling for the US elections will begin according to Pakistan time at 5:00 pm on Tuesday as Americans vote in one of the closest presidential elections in decades after a long and often bitter campaign between Republican incumbent George W 
Chrysler recalling 240,100 minivans DETROIT - Chrysler is recalling 240,000 minivans because the radios may short circuit and cause a fire, the automaker said Monday.
Players to meet today in Toronto All those players who have griped about how little progress has been made toward reaching a settlement to end the NHL lockout will have the opportunity to have their voices heard today.
NHL player reps to meet in Toronto Player representatives will gather Tuesday in Toronto for an update on the NHL #39;s nearly seven-week-old lockout. The meeting will be spiced by recent comments by a handful of players, notably the Calgary Flames 
Three Israelis killed by suicide bomber A suicide bomber blew himself up in the middle of a crowded market in Tel Aviv yesterday, leaving three dead and dozens more wounded.
Chinese deputy Prime Minister attacks  #39;Bush doctrine #39; BEIJING: On the eve of the US Presidential poll, one of the key architects of China #39;s foreign policy lashed out at the controversial  quot;Bush doctrine quot; of pre-emptive strikes, the  quot;catastrophic quot; war on Iraq.
Yukos  #39;faces increased tax bill #39; Russian tax authorities have slapped oil giant Yukos and its main production unit with two new tax claims, raising the company #39;s total bill to more than \$17.
Merck plunges on report it hid Vioxx risks Shares of Merck  amp; Co. plunged almost 10 percent yesterday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied 
Crude prices fall to near \$50 a barrel Oil futures prices sank to their lowest level in nearly a month yesterday on a continuation of the sell-off sparked last week by rising US supplies of crude 
Wal-Mart Eyes New China Stores The world #39;s biggest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., said it planned at least 10 new stores in China next year, joining other foreign retail giants in taking advantage of new rules letting them move into smaller cities.
UBS Net Slips on Weak Trading Income Swiss banking giant UBS posted weaker third-quarter net profit on Tuesday, just missing market expectations, hurt by a seasonal fall in trading revenue despite a strong showing by its flagship private bank.
Get complete U2 catalog sans new iPod You don #39;t need to buy a new black and red limited edition U2 iPod to get your hands on the collection of the Irish band #39;s tunes designed to accompany it.
UM scientist helps unravel space secrets Data from the far reaches of outer space have been streaming into Dan Reisenfeld #39;s computer at the University of Montana since late Wednesday.
Makybe Diva joins racing immortals MAKYBE Diva joined racing #39;s immortals with a commanding win in the \$4.6 million Melbourne Cup today. Backed into 5-2 favouritism by a flood of money from around the country, she became the first mare to win 
West: Without Shaq, who #39;s best? Plenty of Western Conference teams are capable of filling the Los Angeles Lakers #39; role as favorites, but none seem suited to fill the time slot occupied by  quot;Days of our Lakers.
China aims at high-standard 2008 Olympics: President Hu Chinese President Hu Jintao met with Jacques Rogge, President of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, on the afternoon of November 1. Hu Jintao said, as an 
Palestinian suicide bomber kills 3 Israelis A Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in the middle of Tel Aviv #39;s Shuk HaCarmel yesterday, killing three Israelis and wounding more than 
Oracle raises offer for PeopleSoft 14 Oracle yesterday sweetened its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft to \$9.2 billion, a 14 percent increase aimed at resolving the long-running takeover battle between the bitter foes.
UPDATE 2-UBS cautious as weak trading hits quarterly profit Banking giant UBS (UBSN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) was cautious over prospects for the rest of the year after a seasonal lull in trading hurt its third-quarter 
Chrysler Recalls 240,000 Minivans The recall involves the 2001 and 2002 model year Dodge Caravan and Chrysler Town and Country minivans. The automaker says the short circuit may result from water seeping into the radio.
Google plans desktop search tool for Apple PCs Google plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers that run Apple Computer #39;s Mac operating system, Google #39;s chief executive, Eric Schmidt, said Friday.
NO DOUBT ABOUT THIS JETS ROUT a three-hour party, really -he Jets delivered a rare rout, skewering the downtrodden Dolphins 41-14 last night at Giants Stadium.
Mets down to final 3 The Mets announced yesterday they have narrowed their field of candidates for their vacant managerial job to three, and a baseball official familiar with the team #39;s planning said Willie Randolph remains the clear favorite.
British Army probes woman #39;s death The British Army is investigating the death of Staff Sgt Denise Rose, the first British female soldier to die in since the campaign in Iraq began.
N Korea accuses South over shots North Korea has accused South Korea of  quot;grave provocation quot; after the South fired warning shots at its vessels. In a statement published by the official KCNA news agency, North Korea said an armed clash was only avoided thanks to its navy #39;s restraint.
Oil prices fall below \$50 a barrel Oil prices fell sharply last night, taking US crude below \$50 ahead of the US presidential election. US light crude dipped as low as \$49.
Talks proceed tentatively at Volkswagen Frankfurt - Volkswagen management and union representatives in Germany were to resume deadlocked wage and job talks on Tuesday following a day of  quot;difficult but not desperate quot; discussions.
Yahoo Names Media Executive Lloyd Braun, ousted last year as the chairman of ABC Entertainment, will become head of entertainment and media content for Yahoo, the company announced yesterday.
SCOTS HAMPERED BY LACK OF TALENT - DOC Tommy Docherty believes the future looks grim for the Scotland national team - no matter who succeeds Berti Vogts. Former Manchester United manager Docherty was not the least bit surprised when Vogts resigned from his post on Monday.
Day One of tennis Paris Masters The opening round of the three-million-US-dollar Paris Masters has produced some spectacular scenes as players displayed their strength at the last tournament of the Masters series.
Confederations Cup to kick off The Confederations Cup will kick off with Olympic champion Argentina taking on African champion Tunisia on June 15, China Radio International reported Tuesday.
Afghan kidnappers offers to negotiate with UN Kabul (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Afghan militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages yesterday offered to negotiate with a United Nations envoy, but warned that any rescue attempt would end in bloodshed.
Oil slips back below USD50 a barrel Crude oil prices slipped below USD 50 a barrel in Asian trade overnight as the market waited for the outcome of the US presidential election.
Oil surge to cause  #39;bloodbath #39;, says Ryanair The strength of oil prices is poised to exacerbate an airline  quot;bloodbath quot; long predicted for this winter, Ryanair has said, announcing a profits ahead of City forecasts.
VC funds rake in \$5.5b in quarter, prompting alert Venture capital funds raised \$5.5 billion in fresh capital in the third quarter, 78 percent more than in the prior quarter, prompting a warning by the head of 
Storm #39;s blitz snarls Front Range Fall #39;s first significant flurries dusted much of Colorado overnight Sunday, making Monday a mess for many people along the Front Range.
Cuba signs food deals with US companies HAVANA -- Cuba on Monday signed contracts to buy \$10 million of US wheat and meat products, and \$300,000 of American dairy cattle, launching a new round of deals for US farm products projected to reach \$150 million.
Lakers to see early returns The rest of the nation can monitor the presidential election tonight, to see which states go red and which states go blue, to count up electoral college votes, to watch for a concession speech that may not come for days.
It could be Steel Curtains for rest of NFL Patience is less a virtue in the NFL than a vice. Thirteen coaches have been with their teams for two seasons or less. Check most rosters, and the same ratio applies to the players.
Gilbertson to step down Washington coach Keith Gilbertson, above, will step down at the end of the season and end a difficult two years as Rick Neuheisel #39;s replacement.
Rural China reels from violent protests extent of unrest in rural China, fuelled by corruption and a growing gap between rich and poor. the Hui Muslim minority sparked rioting through the weekend.
Market Roundup Merck shares dropped 10 percent Monday to the lowest level since 1995 after a published report said the drugmaker tried for years to stop safety concerns from hurting sales of its Vioxx painkiller.
Intel Takes on Gamers with  #39;Extreme #39; Chipset Following a similar chip announcement from AMD in mid-October, Intel this week has released a chip targeting the gamer segment. The Pentium 4 processor Extreme Edition supporting Hyper-Threading (HT) technology 
UK MARS MISSION BLASTED BRITAIN #39;S Beagle 2 mission to Mars was last night blasted as a shambles done  quot;on the cheap quot;. The lander was scheduled to touch down on Christmas Day last year and search for past and present life.
Monday Night Football: Jets soar to 6-1 in AFC East Curtis Martin and LaMont Jordan each rushed for 115 yards and a score to help the New York Jets rout the hapless Miami Dolphins 41-14 last night.
ABUSE IS TO BLAME SAYS BERTI and then claimed he was driven out by personal abuse.  quot;The major factor in this decision has been the disgraceful abuse I have suffered, quot; said Vogts.
Finish line, November 2 The New York City medical examiner #39;s office reported Monday former major league third baseman Ken Caminiti died from a drug overdose.
What #39;s next? West coaching pool deep for UW The search to replace Keith Gilbertson at Washington will be national, athletic director Todd Turner indicated yesterday. But Gilbertson #39;s successor could come from a handful of promising candidates in the West.
Sixers prepared to trade Robinson The Philadelphia 76ers placed 11-year veteran Glenn Robinson on the injured list Monday with left ankle tendinitis and will try to trade the former No.
Arizona to get ready for Wally-world Their hiring of former JetHawks manager Wally Backman out of Single-A ahead of two finalists with significant major-league managerial and coaching experience to manage their big-league club is as much a risk as it is a statement.
Cal makes move in BCS California made a big leap Monday in the Bowl Championship Series standings, giving the Rose Bowl a sigh of relief and possibly dashing Utah #39;s hopes.
Suicide bomber #39;s house destroyed JERUSALEM Israel #39;s army has destroyed the homes of the suicide bomber and those of two men Israel says were behind yesterday #39;s attack in Tel Aviv.
Baghdad car blast kills at least five as first British female &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car bomb went off outside the Iraqi Education Ministry in central Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least five people and injuring four, Reuters reported.
OVITZ: I WANT MY PROPS Michael Ovitz hopes getting his day in court fixes his battered career and tarnished image. Ovitz testified for the fifth day in the trial that has Disney shareholders shooting 
MIKE WENDLAND: Pricey iPod upgrade worth every dime Apple #39;s latest addition to its hugely popular iPod line, the iPod Photo, has moved the bar even further as the digital lifestyle continues to converge.
Vinnie Roe caught out by weight Irish stayer Vinnie Roe #39;s top weight of 58 kilograms was a telling factor as he finished second to favourite Makybe Diva in the rainswept Melbourne Cup, according to trainer Dermot Weld.
Oracle makes last bid for PeopleSoft Oracle has dangled its  quot;best and final quot; offer of \$24 per share in front of PeopleSoft shareholders. Oracle #39;s latest bid for the software maker is a \$3 hike over a previous offer and values PeopleSoft at just less than \$9bn.
Vogts driven out by fans Berti Vogts admitted last night he had little option but to quit as Scotland coach, blaming what he called  quot;disgraceful abuse quot;.
Blowout eases Giants #39; minds Kurt Warner #39;s thing is about the locker room learning what it #39;s like to win together. Michael Strahan #39;s thing revolves around a want of respect and the importance of the next game in gaining that commodity.
Volkswagen workers walk out in Hanover, wage talks to continue FRANKFURT : Hundreds of workers at German auto maker Volkswagen #39;s Hanover plant walked off the job, as management and union representatives readied to resume deadlocked wage and job talks.
Europe awaits US poll verdict European shares edged higher Tuesday, with easing oil prices underpinning market sentiment, but investors were cautious ahead of a neck-and-neck race in the US presidential elections.
Penny stock scammer tried A self-proclaimed stock guru was alternately described as a crusader and a crook yesterday in opening arguments of his federal racketeering trial in Brooklyn.
Achilles injury forces Campbell out of north London derby Arsenal defender Sol Campbell will miss the big north London derby against his old club Spurs and England #39;s clash in Spain. The England center back is struggling with an Achilles 
It #39;s back to work for Pistons Pistons return from banner season The Detroit Pistons will open the season tonight with a ring ceremony at the Palace. The joint will be packed. Members of the championship team will take their bows, pack their rings away and face one of the 
Newspaper says Merck tried to protect Vioxx sales Merck  amp; Co. #39;s shares (MRK) fell 9.7 percent to the lowest price in almost nine years after the Wall Street Journal said yesterday the drugmaker tried for years to stop safety concerns from hurting sales of its Vioxx painkiller.
AT amp;T upgrades Internet Protect AT amp;T on Monday announced it will add virus and worm protection features to its Internet Protect service. It helps businesses to protect themselves from a variety of security threats without deploying firewalls at each location.
Smith and Strachan in Scotland frame The search for a new Scotland manager is under way today after Berti Vogts resigned as national coach following the country #39;s poor start to the World Cup qualifying campaign.
All signs point to victory PRESIDENTIAL PREDICTIONS: We were an idiot on Sunday, believing, suddenly, in the power of nonsense as the Washington Redskins mounted a horrifying drive to beat the Green Bay Packers.
Vieira: I #39;ll be Cesc #39;s minder Patrick Vieira knows exactly how Francesc Fabregas feels. Just 17 years old, a long way from home in a foreign country with a new culture and language to which he must adapt.
Isiah points to backcourt in rebuilding Knicks Isiah Thomas #39; blueprint for building a team is to start with the backcourt and work his way forward. As vice president of the Toronto Raptors, Thomas #39; first significant move was to draft a guard, Damon Stoudamire.
Pistons send NBA back to drawing board There #39;s going to be a ring ceremony in an NBA city tonight, and by now you probably know it #39;s not going to be in Los Angeles.
Break-in Twist in Olympic Horse Dope Test Probe The offices of the Equestrian Federation of Ireland were broken into in another twist in the Irish Olympic gold medal controversy, it has emerged today.
Texas rises to No. 7 in latest BCS rankings and not only on the political spectrum. Another November - another BCS college football quagmire looming. With the release 
Tourism in Egypt declines since attacks SHARM EL-SHEIKH - The number of tourists visiting Egypt has fallen by just under 5 since the deadly car bomb attacks on Red Sea resorts last month, the deputy tourism minister said.
Stock picker fraud trial begins Stock picker Anthony Elgindy profited from illegal tips supplied by an FBI agent who told him about probes of companies Elgindy would then sell short while spreading negative information to clients of his online newsletter, a prosecutor said.
Beagle Mars mission spoiled by amateurism THE failure of the Beagle 2 space mission to Mars has been blamed on the lack of government funding and an  quot;amateurish quot; gentleman #39;s agreement that allowed a key backer to pull out of the project.
Nokia, Philips and German Public Transport Network Operator RMV &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN JOSE, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 2, 2004 -- Nokia, Royal Philips Electronics (NYSE:PHG)(AEX:PHI) together with Rhein-Main Verkehrsverbund (RMV), public transport authority for Frankfurt #39;s greater 
KEEP YOUR NOSE OUT OF IT, FERGIE ARSENE WENGER last night told bitter rival Sir Alex Ferguson to mind his own business and leave the FA to deal with the fall-out from the Battle of Old Trafford.
CAR BOMB ROCKS CENTRAL BAGHDAD A suspected car bomb has exploded outside the Education Ministry in central Baghdad killing at least five people, two of them women.
Internet Explorer loses browser market share to young pretender Open Source browsers are continuing to eat into the market share of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer. According to market analysts WebSideStory, Internet Explorer held 92.
Cell Phones Do Broadband If waiting for e-mail to download onto your cell phone drives you nuts, try dialing in with one of the new devices available that tap into a speedier, next-generation network.
Shuttle Enterprise takes center stage Space shuttle Enterprise was born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride. Built in 1976 as one of the first trio of US shuttles, Enterprise never left Earth #39;s atmosphere 
Kiwis too strong for Bangladesh Bangladesh #39;s batting problems continued as they slumped to a 138-run defeat in the first of three one-day matches against New Zealand.
Car bomb kills five at Iraq education ministry Cameraman working for Reuters killed in Ramadi clashes, US war planes bomb insurgent-held Fallujah. BAGHDAD - At least five people were killed when a car comb exploded outside Iraq #39;s education ministry in Baghdad on Tuesday, hospital sources said.
China Plays Down Election Eve Barb Against Bush China sought to play down election eve criticism of President Bush by a leading architect of its foreign policy, saying Beijing had clarified the issue with Washington.
VW and union resume wage talks Senior negotiators from Volkswagen and its main union have met to seek a deal on cost cutting that could head off the first full-blown strike at the carmaker #39;s western German factories.
Ryanair beats forecasts No-frills airline Ryanair RYA.I has posted a forecast-beating jump in first-half profit after its low fares drew passengers over the summer, and it is more upbeat than 
Shaq #39;s move to Miami won #39;t weaken West When competing sides fall out of balance on shows such as  quot;The Apprentice quot; or  quot;Survivor, quot; they usually mix up the teams to even things out.
NHL players to meet; could  #39;cap #39; come into favor? With the NHL lockout now at 48 days, all eyes will focus on Toronto today for the meeting between Players #39; Association executive director Bob Goodenow and player representatives from all 30 teams.
Pak to sell arms to Nepal Pledging cooperation with Nepal in its fight against terrorism, Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz today said his country would supply arms to the Himalyan kingdom on a credit basis.
Election jitters send oil lower Oil prices have fallen further below \$50 a barrel as, with the result of the US presidential elections still difficult to predict, traders cashed in positions.
National trims sales expectations National Semiconductor has lowered its revenue expectations for its second business quarter. The new guidance for the quarter calls for revenues to range from \$445m to \$450m, down about 18 per cent to 19 per cent sequentially.
Wal-Mart Plans as Many as 15 New China Stores in 2005 (Update2) Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, plans to open as many as 15 new stores in China next year, competing for a foothold with Carrefour SA and Metro Group as the government lifts curbs on foreign retailers.
Yamaha Offering Free Authoring Tools for Adding Dynamic Graphics &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;Whether it #39;s the professional content developer or the casual mobile phone user, creating dynamic, SMAF-Multimedia content is simple and intuitive through our authoring tools, quot; says Kazunari Fukaya, Marketing Division Manager of Yamaha #39;s Semiconductor 
Illinois, Michigan both want new federal isotope lab CHICAGO Lawmakers from Illinois and Michigan are competing to convince the federal government that their state is the best location for an isotope lab.
Appearances of wickets are deceptive: Dravid Mumbai: The appearance of a match wicket doesn #39;t make the Indian team comfortable or uncomfortable, stand-in captain Rahul Dravid emphasised today.
Overdose played role in death of Caminiti Former Padre Ken Caminiti died of a drug overdose, coronary artery disease and an enlarged heart, according to the New York City Medical Examiner.
Safety sidelined by stress fracture As the Broncos hope to learn more about the return of one standout defensive player this week, they will have to deal with the loss of another defensive leader.
McGrady receives a three-year extension The Rockets made McGrady smile Monday, giving him a three-year contract extension worth \$63 million. That, coupled with the three years he had remaining on his existing 
AU reaches highest BCS ranking AUBURN - Ah, easy street. No game this week. Light practices. And now Auburn is being touted as the No. 3 team in the Bowl Championship Series standings.
Sasol partners with Malaysia #39;s Petronas Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia #39;s national oil and gas company Petronas on Tuesday announced its Petronas International unit has signed an agreement with Sasol to create South Africa #39;s largest liquid fuels business.
Makybe Diva wins Melbourne Cup MARK COLVIN: The track was dead, the weather was atrocious, but today #39;s Melbourne Cup produced one of the great results, and rewrote the history of the race.
Vikings star Moss might get week off Minnesota Vikings receiver Randy Moss might miss a game for the first time in his NFL career because of a strained right hamstring that hasn #39;t gotten worse but isn #39;t getting a whole lot better.
Japanese point guard makes NBA history PHOENIX -- A 5-9 point guard who mixes off-court humility with an on-court flair for no-look, fast-break passes is the first Japanese-born player to make an NBA roster.
Ryanair H1 Profit Rises 18 Percent Irish no-frills airline Ryanair posted an 18 percent jump in first-half net income on Tuesday as passenger traffic grew 24 percent, and said yields should not decline by as much as first thought.
Weak trading hits UBS profit Banking giant UBS is cautious over prospects for the rest of the year after a lull in trading hurt its third-quarter profit, despite a strong showing by its blockbuster wealth management operation.
Hong Kong Shares Close Higher Prices on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange closed slightly higher Monday on bargain hunting, traders said. The key Hang Seng Index rose 39.
Union leaders weigh latest contract offer Union leaders representing more than 10,000 Atlantic City casino hotel workers in a monthlong walkout met into the night yesterday, considering the latest in a series of contract offers by the casinos.
Nokia unveils first NFC phone Mobile phone giant Nokia has unveiled its first product to incorporate the NFC (Near Field Communication) shell. Backed by Nokia, Philips and Sony, NFC is a new wireless communications function which is hoped 
Ex-baseball star #39;s death ruled drug overdose NEW YORK - A drug overdose killed former baseball star Ken Caminiti, who tested positive for cocaine in the weeks before he died at age 41 and had admitted using steroids during his playing days, the city medical examiner ruled Monday.
Bangladesh crash to Mills pace Chittagong - Fast bowler Kyle Mills grabbed four wickets in a dream spell as New Zealand thrashed Bangladesh by 138 runs in the opening one-day international here on Tuesday.
Dutch filmmaker shot dead: report Police confirmed a fatal shooting occurred outside a city government office Monday morning (Monday evening AEDT), but could not confirm the identity of the victim.
US Seeks Clarification From China on Election-Eve Criticism An unprecedented election-eve attack on Bush administration policies by a senior figure in the Chinese government suggested that, despite undeniable 
Parliament yells  quot;Death to America quot; Once again, Iran has sent out a clear signal that it intends to become a nuclear power, presenting President George W. Bush or his successor with the next major foreign policy dilemma.
Oracle makes \$9.2 billion take-it-or-leave-it PeopleSoft offer The Oracle-PeopleSoft takeover battle may have finally entered its endgame, with Oracle Corp upping its bid and for the first time imposing a deadline for PeopleSoft Inc shareholders to accept it.
Merck shares dive on Vioxx fears Shares in US drug maker Merck tumbled nearly 10 on Monday after a press report suggesting the firm may have ignored problems with one of its drugs.
UBS Says Net Profit Slips 1 Percent Swiss banking giant UBS AG said Tuesday its third quarter net profit slipped 1 percent to 1.67 billion Swiss francs (\$1.39 billion; euro1.
Sweden to Boost Infrastructure for Saab The government on Tuesday moved to bolster Saab Automobile AB #39;s lure to parent General Motors by agreeing to use state money to improve road and rail access to the company #39;s last automotive plant in Sweden.
Intels extreme step for Gamers AMD released two extremely powerful chips recently after Intel had to back down from the plan of manufacturing a 4GHz version of their Pentium 4 processor.
Up Close and  #39;Awesome #39; Matthew Seu and his two sons yesterday became the first to boldly go where no tourist had been before: within a few feet of the spaceship Enterprise.
Yamaha Offering Free Authoring Tools for Adding Dynamic HAMAMATSU CITY, Japan - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ov. 1, 2004  -aha Corporation, the worlds largest manufacturer of musical instruments and an established leader in digital audio, is today offering free 
Crisis talks over tennis no-shows Organisers of the European ATP Masters Series events are holding a meeting in Paris on Tuesday to discuss the current wave of withdrawals by leading players.
No al-Qaeda hand in Sinai bombings Egypt #39;s interior minister affirmed on Sunday that Al-Qaeda played have no hands in Sinai bomb attacks in October. Israeli officials claimed earlier that Al Qaeda prepared the three blasts that hit the Egyptian Red Sea resorts, killing at least 34 people.
Mac version of Google desktop not planned - O #39;Reilly Reports that Google is planning a Mac version of its Desktop Search tool, recently released in beta for Windows, are not entirely accurate, according to publisher Tim O #39;Reilly.
CA supports open source Ingres for Linux and Windows Computer Associates International Inc has announced that the open source version of its Ingres database management system is now available with enterprise-level support options for Linux and Microsoft #39;s Windows.
Nokia adds Smartner email and hints at more Nokia Corp has unveiled plans to bring Smartner Information Systems Oy #39;s mobile email and personal information management offering to its latest Communicators.
Arsenal #39;s Edu misses Panathinaikos clash Brazilian midfielder Edu will miss Arsenal #39;s Champions League Group E match at home to Panathinaikos on Tuesday. Arsenal #39;s website said Edu was suffering from a calf problem sustained in Saturday #39;s 2-2 draw with Southampton.
Hundreds flee Fallujah after night of US air strikes FALLUJAH, Iraq : Hundreds of people fled the Iraqi rebel-held Fallujah after a heavy night of US air strikes, while an Iraqi cameraman working for Reuters was killed during clashes in the nearby hotspot of Ramadi.
Oracle raises bid, sets Nov. 19 deadline Oracle Corp. raised the stakes in its hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. Monday by increasing its offer to \$24 per share, boosting the value of the proposed merger to \$9.
Southwest expands Oakland Airport destinations On Oct. 31, eastbound Southwest Airlines customers out of Oakland International Airport were treated to a new nonstop daily flight to Philadelphia International Airport.
Ryanair sees profits rise 15 percent Ryanair, the Irish no-frills airline, said net profit rose 15 percent for the quarter to September, adding it was well-placed to combat the threat of record high oil prices and fierce competition.
Chalone to sell, pending other bids Chalone Wine Group has completed an unusual agreement to sell to France #39;s Domaines Barons de Rothschild in a deal valued at \$160 million, while retaining the right to shop itself to other bidders.
Apple Intros iPod Photo, iPod U2, and Euro iTMS Apple last week fulfilled the wish of every Internet discussion-forum enthusiast who #39;s longed for the capability to view photos on a tiny color screen.
Nations 1st space shuttle lands in aviation museum After plugging woodpecker holes in the tail and a little touch-up paint, original space shuttle Enterprise and hundreds of other spacecraft and artifacts from human efforts 
PORTLAND, Ore.--(BUSINESS WIRE)1er Novembre 2004-- Un groupe de socits leaders dans le domaine de l #39;lectronique grand public et des semi-conducteurs, parmi lesquelles figurent notamment Samsung Electronics Co.
CA releases wireless Lan management software Computer Associates International (CA) has released a new tool for managing and securing wireless networks that attracted significant customer interest when it was previewed earlier this year.
VSNL, Cisco to make broadband cheaper Tata group company Videsh Sanchar Nigam and global networking major Cisco Systems Inc on Tuesday signed a Rs 500 crore (Rs 5 billion) agreement to deploy broadband metro Ethernet solution, that will offer broadband services at less than Rs 1,000 per month 
Europe lags behind rest of world on IT spend IT spending in Western Europe is lagging behind the rest of the world, according to figures unveiled at Gartner #39;s annual Symposium IT Expo in Cannes this week.
Edu out of Arsenal #39;s CL clash with Greeks The Gunners #39; website said Edu was suffering from a calf problem sustained in Saturday #39;s 2-2 draw with Southampton. Spanish striker Jose Antonio Reyes was also substituted in that match with a hand injury but is expected to be fit to face the Greeks.
Tendulkar could open bowling in final test v Australia India are considering the high risk strategy of asking Sachin Tendulkar to open the bowling for the first time in his career and selecting three spinners for the 
Cal up to 4th in BCS Rose Bowl or national title game possible for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The absurd notion of Cal playing in the national championship game does not seem so absurd today. Thanks to losses by Miami and Florida State and a significant rise in the Bears #39; computer ranking, Cal rose four spots in this week #39;s BCS standings to No.
Wilkens #39; defense on trial Neither did 95 percent of the other coaches. But in the case of Lenny Wilkens, this particular flaw became part of his legacy, along with the NBA title, the record numbers of wins and losses and the trademark crossed arms and cold stare.
Brother of Pinoy hostage appeals for his release (5:15 pm) MANILA -- The brother of a Filipino diplomat kidnapped in Afghanistan appealed for his release Tuesday, calling his sibling  quot;a very good man quot; who respects all Muslims.
Northwest to Expand in Indianapolis Northwest Airlines plans to expand in Indianapolis, a move that will knock ATA from its No. 1 spot on its home turf by offering more flights than the bankrupt carrier.
Microsoft, ISPs launch anti-spam offensive Microsoft, America Online (AOL), Yahoo and Earthlink have filed a handful of lawsuits against spammers, allegedly targeting some of the world #39;s largest unsolicited mail offenders.
France condemns Tel Aviv suicide bombing PARIS, Nov 1 (AFP) - France condemned the Palestinian suicide attack Monday in Tel Aviv that killed four people, including the bomber, and called on all sides in the Middle East conflict to avoid a new cycle of violence.
Car Bomb Explodes in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Nov 2 - A car bomb exploded Tuesday in the busy commercial district of Azamiyah in northern Baghdad, causing casualties, the Interior Ministry said.
Oracle announces final PeopleSoft offer Oracle has put up its  quot;best and final quot; offer for PeopleSoft at US\$24 per share. The new price is up \$3 from Oracle #39;s last offer, and is in excess of PeopleSoft #39;s 52-week closing price high.
San Diego Financial Analyst Accused of Bribing FBI NEW YORK -- A San Diego financial analyst is on trial for bribing an FBI agent and making millions of dollars. Prosecutors claim Anthony Elgindy bribed FBI agents for information on publically traded companies.
Deal in Casino Strike ATLANTIC CITY-November 2, 2004 - The month-old strike by thousands of Atlantic City casino and hotel workers may soon be over. Late Monday night, union leaders tentatively approved a new contract, ending 
IE alternatives continue to gain News abounds for Firefox and other Open Source Internet browsers. According to WebSideStory results, both Mozilla and Firefox saw their marketshare grow in the last month.
Athletes to train in Beijing AUSTRALIA #39;s Olympic athletes will train and compete regularly in Beijing over the next three years after an historic co-operation agreement was signed today by the Australian and Chinese Olympic Committees.
Kidnappers Release 2 of 4 Iraqi Guards A US Embassy spokesman said Tuesday that an American, a Nepalese, a Filipino and an Iraqi remain hostages after a kidnapping raid Monday night in Baghdad.
Pak, India have opened many channels for talks: Aziz Pakistan and India have opened many channels for talks and Islamabad wanted to settle all issues, including the core issue of Kashmir, with New Delhi on the basis of mutual respect, said the country #39;s Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz.
Toyota catching up on GM Toyota, already the world #39;s most profitable carmaker, is set to draw level with General Motors as the world #39;s biggest in terms of sales.
Ryanair profit beats forecasts No-frills airline Ryanair has beat forecasts with an 18-percent jump in half-year profit after a strong summer and it has cheered investors with a surprisingly upbeat take on the full year.
Retail sales rebound Retail sales rose more than expected in October and at their sharpest pace in three months, a survey has shown. The Confederation of British Industry said on Tuesday 37 percent of firms 
FireFox, Safari gain as IE loses favour The percentage of Americans using Web browsers Mozilla and Firefox is on the up as Internet users turn away from Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer due to perceived risks with that application.
Spansion Enters Serial Flash Memory Market Spansion and Fujitsu today announced an entirely new Flash memory family designed to reduce costs and dramatically simplify system design of Flash-enabled consumer electronics, PC peripherals, and in-cabin automotive electronics.
Hackett admits to Athens injury Olympic 1500m freestyle champion Grant Hackett has revealed that he defended his title in Athens despite suffering from a collapsed lung.
Car Bomb in Northern Baghdad Kills Five News reports from the area Tuesday say at least five people were killed and several others wounded in the blast outside the Education Ministry building in the Azamiyah district of the capital.
Israel razes home of teenage suicide bomber NABLUS, WEST BANK - Israeli troops Tuesday destroyed the home of a 16-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber who blew himself up in a Tel Aviv market a day earlier.
Pakistan ready to provide military aid to Nepal: Aziz Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said here Tuesday that Pakistan is ready to provide military assistance to Nepal if Nepal demands.
UK retail sales growth rebounds British retail sales rose more than expected in October and at their sharpest pace in three months. The Confederation of British Industry said 37 of firms in its monthly distributive trades survey saw sales 
Nokia adds RFID to latest handsets Nokia has introduced its Near Field Communication (NFC) shell system which incorporates Radio Frequency Identification technology.
Who will be PGAs first \$100 million man? At first glance, Vijay Singh and Harry  quot;Lighthorse quot; Cooper might not seem to have much in common with each other, except that both were fairly successful golf professionals during their eras.
Bowden to head Expos The Washington-bound Montreal Expos have found someone to take one of the most tenuous jobs in sports. Jim Bowden, the Reds #39; general manager in 1992-2003, will be announced as Washington #39;s GM today, a league 
Oracle makes  #39;final offer #39; for PeopleSoft ORACLE chief executive Larry Ellison has increased his companys offer for rival software company PeopleSoft, and set a deadline for the first time since the hostile takeover bid began in June 2003.
Trading slump hurts UBS profit Bank #39;s 3Q profit dips, but it says  #39;04 will be better than  #39;03; wealth management stays strong. ZURICH (Reuters) - Banking heavyweight UBS remained cautious about prospects for the rest of the year after a 
Tributes to  #39;distinguished #39; businessman Tributes were being paid today to the  quot;enormously distinguished quot; Lord Hanson after the millionaire businessman died of cancer at his home in Berkshire last night.
Online ad provider exploring a sale DoubleClick Inc., the online advertising provider whose one-time soaring share price made it one of Manhattan #39;s most well-known faces of the dot-com era, said late Sunday that it has hired an investment bank to explore a possible sale.
AOL Reportedly Cutting Jobs Time Warner #39;s (TWX:NYSE - news - research) America Online division reportedly plans to cut 700 jobs next month in a concession to declining subscription rates at its flagship Internet unit.
Lack of cash killed Beagle 2 If there had been as many people taking care of the Beagle 2 project as there have been reports into why the lander got lost, we #39;d have reams of data on the composition of the Martian soil flooding back from a perfectly functioning vehicle, right now.
Wanna know who #39;ll win the title? Winning the NBA title in dominating fashion apparently earns you the respect of one-third of your peers. The results of the league #39;s annual survey of its 30 general managers was released last week, and 33 of 
Knicks put Houston on injured list All of the other Knicks either had left the court or were doing television interviews. But backup point guard Moochie Norris remained, practicing his long-distance jumpers.
Intel Express Reply to AMD A fortnight after AMD launched its super fast 64-bit processors, FX55 and 4000, Intel has responded with the launch of a chipset for power PC users and gamers.
Funding problems led to Beagle failure A new report into the failure of the Beagle mission to Mars has concluded that the failure can be linked to the Government #39;s failure to commit money early enough.
Mazda Plans Hybrid Version of Tribute SUV Using Ford Technology Reuters. Mazda intends to launch a hybrid SUV using technology from Ford, which owns 33.4 of the Japanese automaker. Through our partnership with Ford, we are now proceeding with the development of a hybrid 
Baghdad car bomb kills five A car bomb explosion killed five people and injured 10 others outside the ministry of education in the al-Azamiah neighborhood in northern Baghdad Tuesday.
Dutch PM leads tributes to Van Gogh AMSTERDAM - Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende has led tributes to film director Theo van Gogh, who was assassinated in Amsterdam on Tuesday morning.
Australia mulls Telstra bulk sale CANBERRA Australia #39;s government wants to sell its 51 percent stake in Telstra in a single public offering, Finance Minister Nick Minchin said.
Nokia, Philips to Test German Bus Fare Payment System (Update1) Nokia Oyj, the world #39;s biggest maker of mobile phones, and Royal Philips Electronics NV, Europe #39;s third-largest semiconductor maker, will next year test a system in Germany allowing people to pay for bus fares using handsets.
Mazda will make a hybrid SUV TOKYO Mazda Motor, Japan #39;s fourth-largest carmaker, said Tuesday that it was entering the market for fuel-efficient gasoline-electric vehicles, sharing technology with Ford Motor to catch up with its larger rival, Toyota Motor.
Development of Shenzhou VI makes headway A general director of China #39;s space program says the development of the Shenzhou VI, which is to be launched next autumn, is progressing smoothly.
Chinas Muslims to the rescue of Henans Hui minority Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Unconfirmed reports say that Muslims from across China are trying to get to Nanren where minority Hui Muslims have clashed with majority Han Chinese.
Asia ; Local Buddhist chief beheaded in Thailands restive south They left a leaflet in handwritten Thai saying this was in revenge for the innocent Tak Bai victims, an officer said of the attackers.
VW and unions begin a new round of talks HANNOVER, Germany Senior negotiators from Volkswagen and its main union entered another round of negotiations on Tuesday as they worked to reach a cost-cutting contract and head off the first comprehensive strike at the automaker #39;s factories in western 
US audits find fewer business tax cheats, data show The push by the head of the US tax agency for quick completion of audits of big corporations - a move criticized by many longtime agency auditors - has led to a sharp drop in the discovery of tax cheating at the 11,000 largest businesses, according to new 
CA ships Ingres r3 database for Linux As expected, Computer Associates (CA) is now shipping the Ingres r3 database for Linux following last summer #39;s announcement it would be available under an open source license.
Aston Villa charged over Beattie approach Aston Villa have been charged with allegedly making an illegal approach for Southampton striker James Beattie. The Premier League said on Tuesday the charge relates to comments made by Aston 
Ukrainian CEC announces results of presidential elections RBC, 02.11.2004, Kiev 15:55:11.Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich has won 40.22 percent support during the recent presidential elections, according to the results announced by the Ukrainian Central Elections Commission after 95.
Car explosion in Baghdad kills at least five Iraqis A car bomb exploded on Tuesday outside the Education Ministry in central Baghdad, killing at least five people, including two women.
Yahoo executive to head up Blinkz Mark Opzoomer, former head of Yahoo Europe, will be the new CEO of Blinkx, a San Francisco company whose search engines scout the Net and the desktop alike.
Macromedia contributes to eBay Stores Macromedia has announced a special version of its Contribute website editing application designed to simplify the creation and customisation of eBay Stores.
Glen proves he #39;s the Boss on magic mare EMOTIONAL Glen Boss admitted he put too much pressure on himself talking up Makybe Diva #39;s chances before the Melbourne Cup yesterday.
Aston Villa Football Club charged over Beattie approach Aston Villa Football Club have been charged by the Premier League over an alleged illegal approach for James Beattie. Southampton lodged a complaint over the approach which was believed to have come in the summer from the Midlands club.
NBA Rundown - Coach stands up for player There aren #39;t many NBA coaches who would publicly side with a player, as opposed to management, in a contract dispute. But then, there aren #39;t many coaches like San Antonio #39;s Gregg Popovich, who has the luxury 
Downturn hits UBS earnings A SLIDE of 20 in revenues from equity and bond trading knocked UBS #39;s third-quarter financial earnings back sharply. Only a strong performance by its 56-owned Swiss industrial holding company Motor-Columbus 
Ex-ABC Exec to Head Yahoo Media Division Yahoo Inc. (YHOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday named Lloyd Braun, a former chairman of Walt Disney Co. #39;s (DIS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) ABC Entertainment Television Group, as 
Report: AOL to cut 700 jobs Time Warner #39;s America Online unit is getting ready to fire more than 700 workers next month as part of a cost-cutting effort to combat declining subscriber numbers, according to a published report.
Diamondbacks pick Backman The Arizona Diamondbacks and new manager Wally Backman know that sometimes you have to go backward to go forward. The rebuilding Diamondbacks, coming off a 51-111 season, hired Backman on Monday, completing 
Norway #39;s Riga embassy to reopen after alert Norway plans to reopen its embassy in Riga on Wednesday after a two-day closure spurred by security fears that spread across the Nordic and Baltic region, the Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday.
First female British soldier dies in Iraq Britain has reported the first death of one of its female soldiers in Iraq, although the circumstances remain unclear, Sky News reported Tuesday.
Singapore #39;s investment in Radio Frequency Identification paying &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE : A government-initiated plan to upgrade the technology used by logistics players is paying off. The plan involves getting industry players to develop tags using Radio Frequency Identification or RFID technology.
Hoddle to Join West Brom This Week, Papers Say: Soccer Roundup Glenn Hoddle will this week succeed Gary Megson as manager of West Bromwich Albion, the Sun and Daily Mirror reported. Hoddle, who was fired by Tottenham in September 2003, will take 
Family  #39;Devastated #39; by Woman Soldier #39;s Iraq Death The brother of the first British female soldier to die in Iraq since the war began said today her family were trying to come to terms with her death.
AOL employees get fired for Christmas Washington - America Online is preparing to fire over 700 workers in early December, with many of the cuts coming from its northern Virginia headquarters, The Washington Post newspaper said Tuesday.
BAA Reports Strong Net Profit in 1st Half BAA, the world #39;s largest airport operator, said Tuesday it is on target for strong annual passenger growth after reporting a 17.
Shares fall 7.1 percent in Tuesday #39;s pre-open SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of National Semiconductor fell more than 7 percent in pre-open trading Tuesday after the analog chipmaker lowered its fiscal second-quarter financial targets due to weak demand and high inventory.
Tree ring study links warming to drought TUCSON - A new study shows a possible connection between a past climate warming and drought in what is now the US West. The width of tree rings over the past 1,200 years show that western  quot;megadroughts quot; between 
Europeans want portable music, not video - survey Only 13 per cent of Europeans are interested in portable video players, according to a survey from Jupiter Research. The market research group surveyed 5,000 consumers in the UK, France, Germany, Italy, Sweden 
Beijing plans tough doping regime China is promising the toughest Olympic drug testing regime yet when Beijing hosts the 2008 Games. An Australian Olympic Committee (AOC) delegation including John Coates, Grant 
Cal jumps into fourth in new BCS rankings While USC remained comfortably atop the Bowl Championship Series standings released Monday, the bigger news involved movement in Northern California.
American, several others kidnapped BAGHDAD - An American civilian, a Nepalese man and at least two Arabs were abducted Monday by a band of gunmen who stormed a Baghdad home with a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and a machine gun mounted atop a pickup truck.
Liberals retable pot bill Adding a dash of cash to sweeten the pot, the Liberal government has retabled its much-maligned marijuana bill. Justice Minister Irwin Cotler reintroduced the cannabis reform package 
UPDATE 1-Slot machine maker IGT beats estimates Slot machine maker International Game Technology (IGT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said adjusted quarterly earnings beat Wall Street estimates, but net profit fell on charges for the early repayment of debt.
CA Airs Wireless Manager Officials at Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) announced the availability of an application aimed at simplifying and strengthening Wi-Fi networks.
Farina fears tough draw will hurt Socceroos AUSTRALIA has been drawn against Germany and Argentina in what looms as the last FIFA Confederations Cup. Socceroos coach Frank Farina, who was at yesterday #39;s draw in Frankfurt, expressed mixed emotions about being drawn in the tougher of the two groups.
India hoping for consolation win India go into the final Test against Australia desperate to restore pride after losing the series in Nagpur. Captain Sourav Ganguly is still missing for the home side, who may ask Sachin Tendulkar to take 
Ukrainian CEC announces elections results: Yushchenko overtakes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ukrainian PM Viktor Yanukovich has received 40.03 of the vote (10,807,068 votes), and Viktor Yushchenko has 39.16 (10,572,530) in the Ukrainian presidential election.
Reports conflict about Arafat #39;s illness PARIS - Conflicting reports emerged Tuesday about the seriousness of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness, as a fifth day of medical tests began at a French military hospital that specializes in blood disorders.
Talks Could Again Boost Oracle #39;s PeopleSoft Bid Wells Fargo Securities raised the target price on PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) to \$26, following Oracle #39;s increased bid of \$24 per share for the enterprise software company.
PG amp;E Profit Falls in Third Quarter PG amp;E Corp. said third-quarter net income declined from the year-ago period, when earnings were boosted by revenue collected by its key unit to repay costs related to the California energy crisis.
Lord Hanson: a swashbuckling risk-taker For a man whose name hung above the door, James Hanson was remarkably unsentimental about the company he had built from scratch. As a champion of shareholder value, he believed that all assets were up for sale (or at least, should be).
Forest Says Drug Trial Misses Goal Forest Laboratories Inc. (FRX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said its experimental hypertension drug failed to meet all its goals in an effectiveness study, an outcome that will delay development and may lead to a new trial.
Philips, Nokia trial contactless payments An RFID-based trial involving Philips, Nokia and a Frankfurt-based public transport authority hints of a future where ticketing is merely a matter of swiping ones handset.
Firefox up, IE down p2pnet.net News:- The Firefox 1.0 browser, slated for release on November 9, has been given yet another boost by news that it #39;s continuing to lay heavy pressure on Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer.
Messaging Anti Abuse Working Group Just how much is spam and malicious email attempts costing you and your staff, clients and partners? That is a big question. And for many who run their business solo -- difficult to assess the true costs to themselves and their customers.
Makybe Diva becomes first mare to win Australia #39;s biggest horse &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Defending champion Makybe Diva won the \$4.2-million Cdn Melbourne Cup on Tuesday to become the first mare in the 144-year history of Australia #39;s most famous horse race to win twice.
Van Nistelrooy certain to face Sparta Prague - Ferguson Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson says striker Ruud van Nistelrooy will definitely return to the starting line-up for the Champions League Group D clash at home to Sparta Prague on Wednesday.
Rush rules himself out of race for Welsh job Ian Rush has ruled himself out of becoming the new Wales manager, instead opting to stay on as boss of English League Two side Chester City.
Eight dead in Iraq car bombing spree on US election day BAGHDAD, Nov 2 (AFP) - At least eight people were killed in a car bombing spree across Iraq Tuesday that targeted symbols of the US-backed government, while hundreds of residents fled the rebel-held city of Fallujah after a night of air raids.
Dutch filmmaker who criticized Islam slain in Amsterdam A filmmaker who is a relative of the painter Vincent van Gogh was slain in an Amsterdam street Tuesday after receiving death threats over a movie he made criticizing the treatment of women under Islam.
Baghdad Car Bomb Kills at Least 5 and Leaves Up to 29 Wounded A car bomb exploded today near the Ministry of Education in a busy Baghdad commercial area, killing at least five people and wounding up to 29, officials said.
Iran could agree to six month uranium enrichment suspension TEHRAN, Nov 2 (AFP) - Iran is prepared to suspend uranium enrichment for a maximum of six months during negotiations with European countries, but will never agree to permanently halt the practice, one of its top nuclear negotiators said on Tuesday.
Verizon Wireless Won #39;t Oppose Nextel Swap Verizon Wireless said on Tuesday it would not oppose a plan that would give Nextel Communications Inc. (NXTL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) valuable new wireless airwaves, sending Nextel #39;s shares up more than 3 percent.
NHL players meeting to discuss lockout Members of the NHL Players Association are meeting in Toronto today to discuss the seven-week-old hockey lockout. Some 70 to 80 player reps are expected at the meeting, who will then brief their teammates back home.
Like a Rolling Stone, Tabuse makes Suns roster Its official: Yuta Tabuse is the first Japanese player to make an NBA team. The Suns put the 5-foot-9 guard on the active roster, part of the 14-man roster submitted to the NBA on Monday afternoon.
Yahoo Hires Former ABC Programmer for Post Online giant Yahoo Inc. has hired a former ABC television programmer to head its media and entertainment division. Lloyd Braun, who was behind shows such as  quot;The Sopranos quot; on HBO and  quot;Lost quot; on ABC, will try 
Nextel, Verizon Set Aside Differences Nextel agreed not to oppose Verizon Wireless #39; use of the term  quot;push-to-talk quot; when marketing a competing walkie-talkie service.
Google Apple desktop search p2pnet.net News:-  quot;We intend to do it, quot; Google chief executive Eric Schmidt told a University of California-Los Angeles conference, recently.
Samsung, Philips, HP form group to devise consumer APIs SAN JOSE, Calif. - Samsung, Philips, HP, the Digital TV Industry Alliance of China (DTVIA) and Access on Monday (Nov. 1) announced the formation of the Universal Home Application Programmer Interface (UHAPI) Forum.
Ponting eyes winning finish Ricky Ponting is confident of his team winning the Mumbai Test and ending the series as it began -- on a victorious note. Australia #39;s skipper himself has a point to prove in India, where he scored 17 runs 
Mystery thickens over Irish gold medallist Offices of Ireland #39;s equestrian governing body were broken into overnight after the theft in England of a doping test sample from the horse that helped Ireland win its only Olympic gold medal in Athens.
Idle Badgers move up in polls Madison, WI (U-WIRE) -- Despite not playing this weekend, the Wisconsin football team (5-0 Big Ten, 8-0 overall) moved up in both the Associated Press Poll and the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll.
Analysts: Arafat Treatment Seen as Sign of France #39;s Friendship &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestinian officials say Yasser Arafat #39;s health has improved since Friday, when he arrived in France for treatment for a still-mysterious illness.
Conrad Black resigns as chairman, CEO and director of Hollinger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Conrad Black stepped aside Tuesday as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc., the Toronto holding company which has voting control over newspaper operating company Hollinger International.
The Fox Cometh For the sixth month in a row, the market share of open source browsers Mozilla and FireFox and Apple #39;s Safari browser have grown, slowly eroding Microsoft Internet Explorer #39;s (IE) market share in the process.
Singh set to join golfing greats Vijay Singh will become the first player since 1950 to win 10 titles in a year if he triumphs in the elite 30-man Tour Championship in Atlanta.
Volkswagen workers stage marches as  #39;difficult #39; pay talks continue Automaker Volkswagen AG and Germany #39;s biggest industrial union said Tuesday they have made some progress in difficult pay negotiations, but were cautious on prospects of a quick deal in talks that were marked by worker protests.
Hollinger Inc. Chief Executive Conrad Black Resigns (Update1) Hollinger Inc., the company that controls the publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, said Conrad Black quit as chairman, chief executive and a director.
AOL Cutting More Than 700, Most in Virginia America Online (website - news - quote) reportedly is preparing to fire more than 700 employees in early December - mostly at the company #39;s Northern Virginia headquarters.
Walgreen posts higher Oct. sales, Rite Aid lags Walgreen Co. (WAG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the top US drugstore chain, on Tuesday reported higher October sales, but growth at rival Rite Aid Corp.
Emerson #39;s profit, sales grow in fourth quarter, fiscal year Growth in its network power and industrial automation businesses contributed to a 28 percent jump in profit in the fourth quarter for Emerson, the company said Tuesday.
Rush rules himself out of Wales manager #39;s job Former Wales and Liverpool striker Ian Rush has ruled himself out of succeeding Mark Hughes as manager of Wales. Rush was only appointed manager of English fourth division side Chester 
Indians to play for pride The fourth and final Test match between India and Australia begins in Mumbai on Wednesday. The Indians will be playing for some pride, while the Australians are hoping to sweep the series 3-0.
Irish Equestrian Body #39;s Office Burglarized; Horse Sample Stolen Ireland #39;s Equestrian Federation said its offices were broken into last night, hours after the International Federation for Equestrian Sports said a sample from the horse Waterford Crystal 
Controversial columnist, gifted filmmaker  quot;A professional adolescent, a die-hard reactionary, quot; is how Theo van Gogh (47) used to characterise himself. The Dutch film director and newspaper columnist who was 
Verizon, Nextel Resolve Legal Disputes Verizon Wireless said Tuesday it won #39;t oppose the Federal Communications Commission #39;s decision to grant Nextel Communications Inc.
Playboy Posts a Profit for Latest Quarter Playboy Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said it rebounded to post a third-quarter profit as advertising rose sharply at the company #39;s flagship magazine.
Dynegy to Acquire Exelon Power Assets Energy company Dynegy Inc. on Tuesday said it will by some of the power generation assets of Exelon Corp. for \$135 million in cash plus debt assumption.
UBS Net Falls on Investment Banking; Fund Unit Gains (Update1) UBS AG, Europe #39;s biggest bank, said third-quarter profit fell 1 percent as gains from managing funds for millionaires cushioned a drop in investment-banking earnings.
Dealing Unit becomes more likely Still five months shy of opening up their eighth major league campaign, the Arizona Diamondbacks are already working on their fourth manager.
League not expected to act immediately The long-awaited missive from erstwhile tailback Ricky Williams, officially seeking reinstatement to the league, arrived Monday at NFL offices.
Albion deny Hoddle offer West Brom have not reached agreement to offer Glenn Hoddle the manager #39;s job despite reports of high-level talks. The former Tottenham and England boss was said to have spoken with Albion chairman Jeremy Peace over the weekend and been offered the post.
Intl Game Tech Posts Lower 4Q Profit International Game Technology, the world #39;s largest designer and manufacturer of casino slot machines, said Tuesday that fourth-quarter profit declined year-over-year due to a \$77 million charge for the early redemption of the company #39;s senior notes 
Europeans favour music for portable gadgets Music will continue its reign as the prime mover of European gadgets, according to Jupiter Research. A survey of 5,000 consumers from Britain, Germany, France, Sweden, Spain and Italy, revealed that devices 
Makybe Diva repeats Melbourne Cup win Makybe Diva became the first mare to score a repeat victory in the Melbourne Cup at Flemington Racecourse on Tuesday, after which her trainer Lee Freedman said that she could be pointed to 
Cuper appointed Mallorca coach Argentine Hector Cuper signed a three-year deal with struggling Spanish first division side Real Mallorca. Cuper #39;s task is to turn around the fortunes of the club currently second from bottom of the Primera Liga.
Pistons open new NBA season CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Detroit Pistons begin defending their title on Tuesday when they kick off another NBA season with a home game against the Houston Rockets.
Gateway to Buy Back Shares From AOL Computer maker Gateway Inc. on Tuesday said it agreed to buy back about \$316 million of its stock from Internet provider America Online Inc.
Exelon to sell power generation assets to Dynegy Exelon Corp. (EXC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it would sell some of its Sithe power generation assets to Dynegy Inc.
Chalone to Go Private Yesterday, shares of Chalone Wine Group (Nasdaq: CHLN) rose some 13 following the announcement that 46 owner Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite), after months 
Not Everyone Likes Those Do-It-All Gadgets When it comes to digital gadgets, Europeans are not impressed by do-it-all devices that play songs and films, keep track of appointments and play video games, a new survey on Monday said.
UPDATE 1-Cuper returns to take charge of Mallorca Primera Liga strugglers Real Mallorca have persuaded former coach Hector Cuper to rejoin the club as a permanent replacement for Benito Floro, who was sacked last week, the club said on Tuesday.
New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 138 runs in one-dayer  Cricket-Australia a tough test for Pakistan batsmen, says coach November 2, 2004 09:14:15 KARACHI, Nov 2 (Reuters) - Pakistan #39;s batsmen will need to be mentally tough in Australia this month to combat the likes of Glenn McGrath and Jason Gillespie 
Clarke: Goodenow the problem Bob Clarke returned Monday from a vacation in Calgary where he was visiting his son and decided to weigh in on a couple of serious issues - the lockout and the status of Jeremy Roenick.
American, Nepalese and Filipino confirmed kidnapped, two Iraqis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD, Nov 2 (AFP) - An American, Filipino and Nepalese and at least one Iraqi working for a Saudi company were among a group of people kidnapped at gunpoint from their Baghdad offices on Monday, a US embassy spokesman said Tuesday.
Clashes in al-Ramadi, 15 Iraqis killed in Tikrit, new bombardment &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The American forces continued their air bombardment of Falluja yesterday at dawn resulting in several being killed and injured. Witnesses said that one of the killed is the driver of a rental car whose car 
Suspected insurgents behead official in revenge for deaths of 85 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; : Search teams have found the body of a local official beheaded by suspected Muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in southern Thailand last week, police said.
Europe Left Cold By Portable Video European consumers want music not video or games on their portable gadgets. According to Jupiter Research only a lowly five per cent of people would like a music player which could also play films.
Warne Breaks Thumb, Will Miss Final Cricket Test Against India Shane Warne, Test cricket #39;s leading wicket-taker, will miss the fourth and final Test match against India in Mumbai tomorrow after breaking his right thumb while practicing his batting, a Cricket Australia statement said.
Palestinian People #39;s front claims responsibility for Tel Aviv &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Abu Ali Mustafa groups, the military wing of the People #39;s Front For The Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) claimed responsibility for the Palestinian Tel Aviv operation which resulted in killing four Israelis and injuring more than 40.
American, Nepali and Arabs kidnapped in Iraq  quot;They stormed the villa with automatic rifles and rocket-propelled grenades. They had no chance, quot; said a policeman. A company guard was killed in the attack.
US Stocks Rise on Optimism About Election; Nextel Advances US stocks gained on optimism the US presidential election will produce a clear winner, acting as the catalyst to lift share prices the rest of the year.
Dynegy to buy Exelon assets DALLAS (CBS.MW) -- Dynegy Inc. said Tuesday it will buy Exelon subsidiary ExRes SHC for \$1.05 billion in a deal that expands the Houston company #39;s power generation business in the New York state market.
Cisco to power Indian Ethernet One of India #39;s leading telecommunications providers will use Cisco Systems #39; gear to build its new Ethernet-based broadband network.
Macrovision Takes a Hit Investors in digital copy protector Macrovision (Nasdaq: MVSN) are smarting this morning, after a 2 pre-earnings-announcement run-up in their stock #39;s price turned into a 6 rout in the announcement #39;s aftermath.
Germans Use Nokia Phones In Wireless Ticket Trial The world #39;s top mobile phone maker Nokia said on Tuesday its phones would be used in a project to test wireless public transport fares in Hanau, near Frankfurt in Germany, beginning early next year.
PalmOne to make Microsoft WindowsMobile Treo? First that team wins that thing, now thisPalmOne (PalmSources biggest customer and maker of the Treo 650) appears it really might be planning to use Microsofts WindowsMobile OS in its Treo line of SmartPhones.
10 Red Sox Players File for Free Agency World Champion Boston Red Sox team member Derek Lowe, second from left, picks confetti from the hair of Jay Leno as Mike Timlin, far left, Alan Embree, David Ortiz and Dave Roberts, far right, look on during their visit to the Tonight Show with Jay Leno 
Filipino abducted in Iraq (7:42 pm) MANILA -- A Filipino who was among four people abducted in Iraq is believed to be an accountant working for a Saudi Arabian company catering food to American troops, sources said Tuesday.
We want Kerry It signalled this in no uncertain terms when oil prices fell below US\$50 (\$83) mark on Monday. US light crude dipped to US\$49 at one point before ending at US\$49.
BJ Services Shares Fall on 4Q Results Shares of BJ Services Co. fell more than 5 percent Tuesday morning after the oilfield service provider reported fourth-quarter results and issued a 2005 outlook that fell short of analyst expectations.
Intel Unveils  #39;Extreme Edition #39; for Power Users With a maximum data throughput improvement of up to 33 percent between the CPU and system memory (compared with an 800 MHz system bus), the Extreme Edition #39;s 1066 MHz bus can enable faster frame rates for both gaming and video editing.
WHO #39;S AFRAID OF THE GUNNERS? WHAT is in store for the English and European top guns in the Champions League this week? THE main thing we can say about Arsenal is that opponents are no longer afraid of the Gunners.
1st female UK soldier dies in Iraq The first female British soldier has died in Iraq, according to the Ministry of Defence. Staff Sgt. Denise Michelle Rose of the Royal Military Police #39;s Special Investigation Branch 
Oil prices go down. But for how long? With the US presidential elections approaching, world oil prices appear to be going down. New York #39;s main contract, light sweet crude for delivery in December, fell 26 cents to 49.
UPDATE 2-MBIA 3rd-qtr earnings fall 2.3 pct, stock off MBIA Inc. (MBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a leading US bond insurer, on Tuesday reported a 2.3 percent drop in third-quarter earnings as investor demand 
Dynegy inks \$1B deal to buy Exelon assets Houston-based Dynegy Inc. has agreed to buy ExRes SHC Inc., the parent company of Sithe Energies and Sithe Independence LP, from Chicago-based Exelon Corp.
US job cuts exceed 100,000 again Job-cutting continued across the country at a breakneck pace in October, according to the monthly survey by Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas Inc.
Yahoo Desktop Search Will Be a Reality Yahoos CEO Terry Semel told an investment conference yesterday that Yahoo too would be putting out a desktop search tool for searching computer desktops and harddrives using the backbone of Yahoo Search Technology.
Benitez on Spanish return Liverpools new manager left the Valencia team in fine shape after two championships in three seasons, but insisting he was the victim of internal politics at the Mestalla that undermined his position.
Ford decides to stay in rallying Ford #39;s recent success in the World Rally Championship seems to have tipped the Detroit company into staying in the WRC for four more years.
Arafat #39;s condition is improving, aide says PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s health is improving, one of his aides said Tuesday, repeating that tests have ruled out leukemia as the cause of the Palestinian leader #39;s health problems.
Report: UAE president dead at 86 The president of the United Arab Emirates, who helped forge a federation from seven Persian Gulf states and ruled it since its creation, has died, Abu Dhabi TV said.
Protester killed during Sichuan demonstration At least one man was killed in a protest in China #39;s southwestern province of Sichuan, a resident said, in the second violent demonstration to hit rural China in the past week.
AOL layoffs due next month update America Online is expected to cut more than 700 jobs from its work force next month, as the online giant continues to struggle with declining subscriber numbers, according to a source familiar with the plans.
Verizon Wireless Won #39;t Oppose Nextel Swap Verizon Wireless on Tuesday withdrew its opposition to a plan that would give Nextel Communications Inc. (NXTL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) valuable new wireless airwaves 
Update 2: Clorox Profit Declines on Restructuring The Clorox Co., the maker of Clorox bleach, Brita water filters and other consumer products, Tuesday posted a 5 percent drop in profit for its latest quarter as it restructured some operations.
Ryanair 2nd-Quarter Net Rises 15 on New-Route Sales (Update8) Ryanair Holdings Plc, Europe #39;s largest low-cost airline, said second-quarter profit rose 15 percent as the carrier cut fares less than it expected and added routes.
PalmSource Names Jean-Louis Gassee Chairman of the Board PalmSource today announced Jean-Louis Gassee has been appointed Chairman of the PalmSource Board of Directors. Gassee, 60, was appointed to the Company #39;s Board of Directors in May 2002.
IGT posts lower quarterly profit, record yearly income Slot machine maker International Game Technology said Tuesday that fourth-quarter profit declined 50 percent from the same period a year earlier as a result of the early redemption 
Job cuts ease in October: report US planned job cuts eased in October but remained above the 100,000 level for the second month in row, a report said Tuesday. Employment consulting firm Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas Inc.
Stocks in Motion: BJ Services Shares of BJ Services (BJS:NYSE - news - research) were among the NYSE #39;s losers Tuesday, falling 5 after the company posted fourth-quarter earnings and sales that fell below Wall Street expectations and warned on 2005.
Nokia Unveils Near Field Communication Product Nokia #39;s new Near Field Communication product will turn mobile phones into wireless wallets, the company says. It is conducting trials of the new technology in Germany, involving wireless ticketing with a transportation authority.
SCO not sure pro-SCO site is a good idea Legal concerns of all things have caused The SCO Group to rethink it plans to launch a pro-SCO propaganda web site meant to counter the popular Groklaw site.
Saturn Moon Titan #39;s Landscape Alien, Familiar The solar system #39;s smoggiest orb appears to have landscapes both foreign and familiar, say geologists who are sorting through the first up-close peek at Saturn #39;s planet-sized moon Titan.
Ford Makes Four-Year Commitment Ford made a four-year commitment to the world rally championship Tuesday, ending fears that they could pull out of that series as well as Formula One.
FERGIE SEEKING HOME COMFORTS Manchester United #39;s performance was so bad at Portsmouth on Saturday that Sir Alex Ferguson would give himself a game against Sparta Prague if he was picking a team purely on merit.
Int #39;l Game Tech Posts Lower Profit International Game Technology #39;s fourth-quarter profits declined 50 percent, hit by early redemption of senior notes, but the world #39;s largest maker of slot machines and other gambling devices 
SCO has second thoughts about Groklaw alternative NOVEMBER 02, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The SCO Group Inc. is reconsidering its plans to launch an alternative to the Groklaw.net Web site that had been scheduled to go live this week, a company spokeswoman said yesterday.
Yahoo at work on desktop search Internet company Yahoo announced yesterday that it is at work on a desktop search product. The offering would allow people to search their own PCs as easily as they can currently search the internet.
Toshiba Third Party Memory Module Failure Toshiba has announced a worldwide Recall/Exchange Program on specific models of Toshiba notebook PCs. Under certain conditions, the subject component, provided to Toshiba by third-parties and installed in 
Hoddle still favourite for Baggies post Glenn Hoddle remains favourite to become West Broms new boss but the appointment is not a done deal. The former England chief is believed to want the job and woke up this morning to headlines suggesting it was in the bag.
Thai local official beheaded in revenge for deaths of 85 Muslims A local Buddhist official was beheaded by suspected Muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in Thailand #39;s mainly Muslim south last week, police said Tuesday.
Int #39;l Game Tech Posts Lower Profit International Game Technology #39;s fourth-quarter profits declined 50 percent, hit by early redemption of senior notes, but the world #39;s largest maker of slot machines and other gambling devices said Tuesday that its annual income set a new record.
Verizon, Nextel Reach Settlement Verizon Wireless and Nextel Communications today announced they have reached an agreement to resolve all of their legal disputes, including the contentious 800 MHz realignment that gives Nextel coveted 1.9 GHz spectrum.
Forest Labs #39; new hypertension drug disappoints in efficacy study NEW YORK, November 2 (newratings.com) - Forest Laboratories Inc (FRX.NYS) witnessed a decline in its share price this morning, following the news of disappointing efficacy study results for the company #39;s new hypertension drug.
Update 1: Bond Prices Are Mostly Lower at Midday The price of the Treasury #39;s 10-year note was down 1/16 point, or 63 cents per \$1,000 in face value, while its yield rose to 4.10 percent from 4.09 percent late Monday.
Beagle 2 Just Didn #39;t Have the Money to Succeed Summary - (Nov 2, 2004) A new report by the UK House of Commons science and technology select committee pins the blame for the loss of the Beagle 2 lander on a lack of early money.
China tightens grip on Internet freedom The Chinese government has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$12 million for letting children access porn websites and play violent games, the government said, according to wired.
Converged Home Entertainment Standard Mooted The Universal Home Application Programmer Interface Forum is working on a specification for analog and digital television designed to enable the creation of middleware and application software 
When in Rome, moan It was the nadir of a love affair, at the Stadio Olimpico in Roma on Sunday, that had endured much during its existence, but was perhaps not prepared for a midweek surrender at Juventus in a season that has so far seen more than its fair share of turmoil 
UN says security worsening in Darfur, relief work hampered GENEVA : Humanitarian organisations expressed alarm over worsening security in Sudan #39;s conflict-wracked Darfur region, where the UN refugee agency has been forced to cancel several missions.
Cries of election corruption Ukraine #39;s presidential election ended in a dead heat calling for a runoff, while thousands of protesters on Monday alleged fraud in the west, and international monitors 
Oracle seeks to clinch PeopleSoft with extra \$1bn LARRY ELLISON, the chief executive of Oracle, has raised his offer to buy PeopleSoft by more than \$1 billion, marking what could be the final salvo in a 17-month bidding war.
Verizon Wireless Won #39;t Oppose Nextel Airwaves Swap (Update3) Verizon Wireless and Nextel Communications Inc. said they resolved disputes over airwaves and trademark names, ending a 15-month legal battle between the two US mobile-phone providers.
Nokia, Good Technology Ink Smartphone Deal NEW YORK - Nokia is developing a smartphone that will incorporate Good Technology #39;s GoodLink wireless e-mail service, a deal that should broaden Good #39;s penetration and boost its market share against leader Research in Motion.
Yahoo! Building Desktop Search, More Personalization Portal player Yahoo! will compete with Google and MSN in the desktop search arena, CEO Terry Semel told an audience at a Morgan Stanley investor conference.
New Nokia 3230 And 6020 Camera Phones Nokia has introduced three new phones at their Mobility Conference, the 7710 widescreen multimedia smartphone, the 3230 megapixel smartphone and the 6020 camera phone.
Mixed Emotions for Sparta Coach Straka made the surprising admission on the eve of the Champions League match between the two sides at Old Trafford. He said: Manchester United are great.
Arafat #39;s doctors rule out leukemia Relaying doctors #39; first official statement regarding ailing Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health, a PA spokeswoman said Tuesday that hospital medical staff had ruled out leukemia as a cause for his deterioration in health, and said his 
Nextel and Verizon Settle Legal Disputes Nextel Communications Inc. and Verizon Wireless are settling all legal disputes between them, removing a key challenge to a federal decision to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response 
Forest Labs Hypertension Drug Falls Short Shares of Forest Laboratories (FRX:NYSE - news - research)slipped Tuesday after the company said a test of an experimental blood pressure drug didn #39;t meet all of the study #39;s goals.
SPAM vs spam To some Britons, especially those 50 and older, it #39;s a word forged from  #39;spiced #39; and  #39;ham #39; to represent,  quot;pink, chopped ham and pork rammed into square tins, quot; as the UK #39;s The Guardian story describes it.
Blinkx Names Former Yahoo Europe Exec to CEO Post Privately held desktop search provider Blinkx on Monday said it named Mark Opzoomer, former managing director of Yahoo (YHOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) Europe, as its chief executive effective immediately.
Iraqi Rebels Bomb Baghdad Ministry, Hit Oil Sector Rebels bracing for a US-led assault on their Falluja and Ramadi strongholds showed their muscle Tuesday with a bloody car bombing in Baghdad, strikes on oil pipelines and several attacks on Iraqi security forces.
Tenet Healthcare #39;s Loss Narrows in 3Q NEW YORK - Tenet Healthcare Corp. said Tuesday its loss narrowed in the third quarter, as the operator of acute-care hospitals significantly reduced its loss from continuing operations.
China Shuts Down 1,600 Internet Cafes China has closed 1,600 Internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said Saturday.