Halliburton admits bribes  #39;may have been paid #39; in Nigeria WASHINGTON : US oil service firm Halliburton has acknowledged that improper payments  quot;may have been made quot; to Nigerian officials through a consortium of which it was a member.
WebMethods, Global Exchange ink reseller deal Companies agree to incorporate software interoperability tools in e-commerce partnership.
An Arctic alert on global warming Global warming is heating the Arctic at a rapid pace - with impacts that could range from the disappearance of polar bears #39; summer habitat by the century #39;s end to a damaging rise in sea levels worldwide.
Bluetooth chews on future plans A new version of the Bluetooth wireless specification and a three-year plan for more updates have backers hoping the technology will finally take off in the US market.
Video gamers gather at midnight for first copies of new Halo 2 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The aliens are landing on Earth on Tuesday, and more than 1.5 million video gamers have already signed up to stop them.
Celestial gathering Yes, we #39;ve set the clocks back an hour with the end of Daylight Savings Time in the United States. But for the next few days it is worth setting your alarm clock too -- to an hour before sunrise.
Robinson named England rugby union captain Jason Robinson has become the first former rugby league player to captain England #39;s rugby union team. The Rugby Football Union appointed Robinson on Monday as captain for Saturday #39;s test against Canada at Twickenham.
Outlaw rejoins Suns; Tabuse on injured list Bo Outlaw signed a one-year contract Monday to rejoin the Phoenix Suns, who missed his tough post play last season. The Suns said the 6-foot-8 forward would join them for Tuesday night #39;s game at the Chicago Bulls.
Bears waive Gandy, activate Colombo Chicago Bears offensive lineman Mike Gandy was waived Monday after starting five games for the team this season and 30 over the past three seasons.
Money no object as Russian teams go after locked out NHL stars (CP) - The NHL all-star game hasn #39;t been cancelled after all. It #39;s just been moved to Russia. The agent for New York Rangers winger Jaromir Jagr confirmed Monday that the Czech star had joined Omsk Avangard 
Hawks sign free agent Jelani McCoy Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free agent forward/center Jelani McCoy on Monday and waived forward Anthony Miller.
Palestinian Leaders Travel to France to Visit Arafat (Update5) Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia and other leaders traveled to France to see Yasser Arafat at a military hospital near Paris in a visit condemned by Arafat #39;s wife, Palestinian officials said.
Car bomb explodes outside Baghdad hospital, many dead Baghdad: A car bomb exploded outside the emergency unit of one of Baghdad #39;s main hospitals southwest of the Iraqi capital causing an unknown number of deaths, an official at the Yarmuk hospital said.
Germany, 15 Years After the Wall Today, Germans remember the fall of the Berlin wall - an ecstatic night of pure joy when the communist East German government allowed its citizens unhindered access to the bright lights, well-stocked department stores, and warmhearted greetings of 
Update 1: New York Foreign Exchange The search giants have tried localizing, but with fair success. Here #39;s a model that could work better. A new book shows how a change of ownership brought new life to the Boston Red Sox franchise.
Halliburton admits possibility of bribe payments Halliburton has acknowledged that payments may have been made to Nigerian officials as part of an alleged \$180 million bribery scandal, according to an SEC document filed by the Houston-based company on Friday.
Intrawest posts Q1 loss as revenue drops VANCOUVER (CP) - Intrawest Corp. lost money in its fiscal first quarter as sales dipped, though the Ski resort operator said the drop was expected a year after it made gains on the sales of certain resort properties the company had developed.
Taser guns allowed on Korean Air planes WASHINGTON - Korean Air is the first airline granted permission by the federal government to carry electric stun guns aboard jetliners that fly within US airspace.
Two car bombs in Iraq #39;s Samarra kill 8, wound 20 Two car bombs exploded in the Iraqi town of Samarra, north of Baghdad, on Saturday, killing eight people and wounding at least 20, police said.
Bluetooth chews on future plans Technical group outlines its wireless plans through 2006, updates current specification to trim power consumption.
Feds expected to ease Net phone rules Sources say FCC on Tuesday will further exempt Internet calls from state rules and taxes. But is cable a fly in the ointment?
Macworld Boston to move to smaller digs After low turnout at the Boston Convention  #38; Exhibition Center, IDG World Expo moves the confab to the Hynes Convention Center.
GE to sell 60 of Indian BPO operation GE is selling a 60 stake in GE Capital International Services, its business process outsourcing subsidiary in India, for about \$500 million.
IBM to commercialize Blue Gene supercomputer Called the IBM eServer Blue Gene, the Power-based supercomputer employs a mix of cooling and clustering technologies and starts at \$1.5 million.
Symbol to delay results, cites inventory reporting errors Symbol Technologies said today that it will delay filing its third-quarter results for two weeks, and it revised results for the first nine months of the year downward by \$13.3 million because of errors in how inventory levels were reported.
Brief: SBC to cut 10,000 jobs SBC Communications said in a quarterly filing that it will lay off 10,000 workers by the end of next year but plans to continue hiring in its wireless and broadband access divisions.
Novell extols desktop Linux Novell this week spruced up a version of its Linux desktop aimed squarely at enterprise users.
Q A: SGI leader looks for Altix OEMs When the Top500 list of the world's most powerful computers is published Monday, the 10,240 processor "Columbia" supercomputer that Silicon Graphics Inc. (SGI) recently built for NASA's (National Aeronautics and Space Administration's) Ames Research Center is expected to be the number-two system on the list. Columbia is a much-needed success for SGI, which has been struggling to reclaim customers lost during an ill-fated foray into the Windows market during the late 1990s. Since taking the reins of the company in 1999, Bob Bishop, an 18-year SGI veteran, has refocused SGI on its core technical markets, and bet the company's future on the three core technologies in its Altix line of servers: the Linux operating system, Intel Corp.'s Itanium processor architecture, and SGI's own NUMAflex system design. With NUMAflex, SGI has been able to scale Linux to unprecedented levels.
Key Expos Vote Set for Tuesday (AP) AP - Mayor Anthony A. Williams predicted Monday he has enough votes in the District of Columbia Council to approve financing for a ballpark for the Expos in the location agreed to in the team's contract to relocate to the capital.
Now is the time to decide on itemizing tax filing With the holidays upon us, the thought of year-end tax planning is likely to induce headaches rather than visions of sugar plums. But if you want to boost 
Reviewing iMac G5 In the Boston Globe, John P. Mello Jr. writes,  #147;Slim. Sleek. Streamlined. Stylish. Chic. Those aren #146;t adjectives normally associated with a desktop computer  #151; unless it #146;s an Apple iMac. #148; Nov 08
CA gives anti-spyware a consumer face Revamp of tools picked up from PestPatrol results in three products--two for businesses and its first for home users.\
Interest Rate Hike Likely The Federal Reserve is expected to hike rates following the Labor Department #39;s report on Friday that the US economy added almost twice as many jobs last month than Wall Street economists had predicted.
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Delta says needs \$135 mln in added 2006 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In CHICAGO story headlined  #39;Delta says needs \$135 in added liquidity for 2006 #39; ... please read the headline ...  #39;Delta says needs \$135 mln in added 2006 liquidity.
Western Wireless Posts \$30M in 3Q Profit Western Wireless Corp., an operator of wireless services, on Monday said it swung a third-quarter profit but missed Wall Street expectations after taking hefty charges during the period.
IBM Puts Blue Genes on the Shelf IBM said in a press release that it is working with many national lab and universities to develop Blue Gene supercomputer applications in areas such as life sciences, hydrodynamics, quantum 
On womans image... Nov. 8. - Scientists claim to have discovered the reason that mens testicles are the size that they are: its all to do with the infidelity of our female ancestors.
Mauresmo defends WTA title PHILADELPHIA (Pennsylvania): World number two Amelie Mauresmo of France defended a title for the first time in her career, beating Russias Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 in the WTA Advanta Championship final here Sunday.
Eagles regroup after first loss The last time the Philadelphia Eagles were dominated so thoroughly they had a whole offseason to contemplate the defeat. They have two days to get over this dismantling -- a 27-3 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers 
Palestinian leaders arrive in Paris to visit Arafat Four Palestinian top leaders arrived on Monday evening on board a private plane to visit Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Percy military hospital since Oct. 29.
US updates travel warning to Cote D #39;lvoire The United States on Monday updated a travel warning to Cote D #39;lvoire, citing violence and safety concerns in the African country.
Palestinians to see Arafat despite wife #39;s fury Palestinian leaders headed to Paris on Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital despite a scathing attack by his wife who accused them of plotting to  quot;bury him alive.
Improving Bucs Think They're Back on Track (AP) AP - Jon Gruden resisted the temptation to gloat. The Tampa Bay coach said Monday he isn't the least bit surprised that his Buccaneers have turned their season around by winning three of four games after an 0-4 start.
A Glimpse of Greatness Lifts an Otherwise Dour Day Lynn Beach of Manchester, England, barely managed to unroll her
EU calls for fresh start in transatlantic trade relations New European Union (EU) Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson called on Tuesday for a fresh start in EU-US trade relations, which had been through a difficult path in the last few years.
By Going That Extra Mile, the Bronx Shows Its Heart Rasheen Leggett stood on the Bronx side of the Willis Avenue Bridge, squinting, craning his neck and relishing the unending tide of marathoners. With a proud smile, he shouted his official welcome to the United States mainland.
Tech's leading women get props Women bosses in technology get plenty of bragging rights in a new Wall Street Journal ranking of the "Top 50 Women to Watch." Missing Links
Like Good Sneakers, a Cellphone Is a Must Theresa Cibulka hit Mile 18 of the New York City Marathon last year and felt as if she would never reach the finish line. She could feel the pain in her cramped legs. She was ready to quit.
Oracle may drop PeopleSoft lawsuit Oracle says it will nix the claim unless PeopleSoft shareholders agree to sell at least half their holdings by on Nov. 19.
GE to sell 60 of India call-centre unit NEW DELHI: General Electric Co. plans to sell a majority stake in its Indian call-centre unit to General Atlantic Partners LLC and Oak Hill Capital Partners for US\$500mil to help the business gain new customers.
Shareholder rights as Liberty could raise voting stake LONDON (CBS.MW) - Shares of News Corp. dropped over 4 percent in Australia overnight Monday after the owner of Fox News and other media properties adopted a poison pill shareholder rights plan that seeks to block takeovers.
Baker: Callaway CEO Adds Two New Executive Feathers To Cap Wearing many tam-o #39;-shanters. Callaway Golf (nyse: ELY - news - people ) executive William C. Baker will take the mantles of president and chief operating officer from Patrice Hutin, the company announced Monday.
Knight Ridder names financial chief SAN JOSE, Calif. Knight Ridder Incorporated has tapped amed Steve Rossi -- the current president of its newspaper division -- to become chief financial officer and senior vice president of the company.
Schwab to pay deposed CEO \$10 million in cash plus stock SAN FRANCISCO Slumping stock brokerage Charles Schwab has promised to pay ten (m) million dollars in cash to recently ousted chief executive David Pottruck.
Cans of turkey luncheon meat recalled International Trading Co., of Houston, is voluntarily recalling about 73,590 additional pounds of turkey lunch meat due to possible underprocessing.
Peru Names Official to Clear Up Guzman Trial Mess &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peru on Monday appointed a top legalofficial to bolster the government's side in terrorism casesafter Shining Path leader Abimael Guzman made a mockery of aretrial last week in a publicity coup for the Marxist group.&lt;/p&gt;
Climate change claims flawed, says study A team of scientists has condemned claims of climate catastrophe as  quot;fatally flawed quot; in a report released today. The study appears on the same day that 300 climate scientists warn that winter temperatures 
Novell Kick-Starts Desktop Linux Push Desktop 9 includes Novell #39;s edition of OpenOffice.org office productivity suite, the Mozilla Firefox Web browser, Evolution software for collaborating with Windows, and Zenworks Linux Management.
IBM Wins Supercomputing Crown Blue Gene/L, A supercomputer developed by IBM (IBM:NYSE - news - research) and the US Department of Energy, has clinched the title as the world #39;s fastest, beating out a previously top-ranked computer from Japan #39;s NEC.
CA gives anti-spyware a consumer face Computer Associates launched its first set of anti-spyware products on Monday, retooling the applications it acquired from PestPatrol for both corporate customers and consumers.
EverQuest II begins its retail sojourn North American retailers first to receive Sony #39;s PC MMORPG; Standard and Collectors Editions should start arriving in stores tomorrow.
Linux #39;s SuperComputing day As the SuperComputing 2004 show kicks off in the US city of Pittsburg this week, Linux technology will be well represented among the big honking processor, storage and networking technologies on display.
Microsoft Intros Supercomputing SDK Looking to drive corporate adoption of its high-performance computing version of Windows Server 2003, Microsoft on Monday introduced an SDK (software development kit) for developers alongside a name change for the product.
Mopheus Grokster battle: II p2pnet.net News:- The owners of the Morpheus and Grokster p2p applications are taking yet another stand in their David and Goliath battle against the multi-national entertainment industry.
Spurs appoint Martin Jol LONDON, Nov 8 (SW) - Tottenham Hotspur FC have handed former Roda and RKC Waalwijk coach Martin Jol the first-team managing position, following Jacques Santinis resignation last Friday.
Lenard out at least six months after left leg surgery Nuggets shooting guard Voshon Lenard will be sidelined at least six months after surgery Monday on his torn left Achilles #39; tendon.
Lebanon justifies drone #39;s dispatch The Lebanese government justified Hezbollah #39;s launching of a drone into Israeli air space, saying no other steps, including appeals to international bodies, have been effective at stopping Israeli incursions into Lebanese airspace.
Musharraf formula is casual: Union Home Minister Octroi Post Near The International Border, Nov 7 (UNI) Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil today said the graph of infiltration had come down in Jammu and Kashmir this year due to fencing of borders neighbouring Pakistan.
Blair: Sudan must end violence in Darfur LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday the Sudanese government must end the violence in its western region of Darfur or face possible action by the United Nations.
Taiwan Hit by Magnitude 6.7 Quake; No Casualties (Update2) Taiwan was rocked by a magnitude 6.7 earthquake, whose epicenter was located southeast of the capital of Taipei. There were no immediate reports of casualties, according to the island #39;s Ministry of Interior.
Blue Gene, Linux top supercomputing list Open-source software and off-the-shelf hardware make strong showing among the best of the biggest.
Stocks End Higher on Falling Oil Prices Stocks edged higher Friday as another drop in oil prices helped Wall Street withstand the effects of a disappointing jobs creation report.
Germans mark Berlin Wall's fall Events to mark the 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall take place in the German capital on Tuesday.
Mayor Says He Has Votes Mayor Anthony A. Williams predicts he has enough votes to approve financing for a ballpark along the Anacostia waterfront.
Dollar Up Off Record Low, Stocks Flat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied from another record  low versus the euro on Monday after blunt comments from the  head of Europe's central bank, while stocks and bonds came  under pressure from an expected rise in U.S. interest rates  later this week.
ATI launches chipset for AMD desktops The Radeon Xpress 200 has graphics performance equal to ATI's current entry-level graphics chip, the company says.
Video Game 'Halo 2' to Make Killing for Microsoft  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Over the next three days, in eight  languages and 27 countries, Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; will  release its most important program of 2004 -- not a new version  of Windows or Office, but an epic tale of a super-soldier  defending the Earth from a mysterious alien force.
IBM Retakes Top Supercomputer Rank as NEC Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's biggest  computer maker, has regained its position at the head of the  Top 500 list of supercomputer installations, dislodging rival  NEC Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6701.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6701.T&lt;/A&gt; of Japan, the company said on Monday.
Comcast, Microsoft to Deploy Video Recorder Set-Tops  REDMOND, Washington (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;  and cable television provider Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=CMCSA.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday they would begin deploying set-top boxes powered by  Microsoft software starting next week.
Unocal signs Bangladesh gas deal US oil giant Unocal signs a deal with Bangladesh's government to develop the country's largest gas field.
IBM System Named Fastest Supercomputer (AP) AP - Big Blue has brought the title of the world's fastest supercomputer back to the United States for the first time in three years.
Oracle may drop PeopleSoft lawsuit com November 8, 2004, 4:30 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
Amazon.com Web Site Experiences Slowdowns (AP) AP - Amazon.com said Monday that its Web site was experiencing slowdowns, and the company didn't immediately know when the problem would be fixed.
Mike Danton Sentenced to 7 1/2 Years (AP) AP - Former St. Louis Blues player Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed.
NFL OKs 6-Year Extensions With Fox, CBS (AP) AP - The NFL agreed Monday to  #36;8 billion in contract extensions with Fox and CBS to televise Sunday afternoon games for six more years, deals that would also allow the league to show better matchups late in the season in prime time.
Brown Does Triple Duty for Patriots (AP) AP - New England Patriots receiver-turned-defensive back Troy Brown was easy to spot on the field in St. Louis: He was the one always trying to catch his breath, but smiling.
Merck Named in SEC, DOJ Probes Over Vioxx (Reuters) Reuters - Merck   Co. Inc.  said on\Monday it had received a subpoena from the U.S. Justice\Department and that the Securities and Exchange Commission has\started an informal inquiry concerning its recalled pain\reliever Vioxx.
Scientists Say Fossil Fuel Emissions Warming Arctic Faster Than &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An international team of scientists says the Arctic is warming much more rapidly than previously known because of the burning of fossil fuels around the world.
Dollar Up Off Record Low, Stocks Flat (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar rallied from another record\low versus the euro on Monday after blunt comments from the\head of Europe's central bank, while stocks and bonds came\under pressure from an expected rise in U.S. interest rates\later this week.
Nuggets #39; Lenard undergoes surgery Denver, CO (Sports Network) - Denver Nuggets guard Voshon Lenard underwent successful surgery Monday to repair his torn left Achilles #39; tendon.
Court Urged to Hear File-Sharing Case (AP) AP - A disparate group made up of dozens of state attorneys general, labor unions, retailers, professional sports leagues and others urged the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday to hear a claim brought by the recording and film industries against two Internet file-sharing firms.
IBM dominates list of top supercomputers With performance almost double that of the Earth Simulator, in Yokohama, Japan, IBM Corp.'s Blue Gene/L on Monday was officially ranked first on the Top500 list of the world's fastest supercomputers. IBM built four of the top ten machines on the biannual list, which was set to be announced Monday evening at the SC2004 conference in Pittsburgh.
Video Game 'Halo 2' to Make Killing for Microsoft (Reuters) Reuters - Over the next three days, in eight\languages and 27 countries, Microsoft Corp.  will\release its most important program of 2004 -- not a new version\of Windows or Office, but an epic tale of a super-soldier\defending the Earth from a mysterious alien force.
Locked Out NHL Players Join European Teams (AP) AP - Alexei Kovalev, Brad Richards and Nikolai Khabibulin became the latest NHL players to join a European team during the lockout, agreeing to play in Russia.
BKC Preseason No. 1 List (AP) AP - The No. 1 ranked team in the annual The Associated Press' preseason college baskteball poll. (x-denotes eventual national champion):
Comcast, Microsoft to Deploy Video Recorder Set-Tops (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. \and cable television provider Comcast Corp.  said on\Monday they would begin deploying set-top boxes powered by\Microsoft software starting next week.
IBM Retakes Top Supercomputer Rank as NEC Slips (Reuters) Reuters - IBM , the world's biggest\computer maker, has regained its position at the head of the\Top 500 list of supercomputer installations, dislodging rival
Premiers of Nfld. and N.S. to meet with Martin on offshore impasse (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - A new attempt to break an impasse over offshore energy royalties is an opportunity for Prime Minister Paul Martin to "show leadership, to nation-build," says Nova Scotia Premier John Hamm.
Court Won't Intervene in Gunnison Fight (AP) AP - The Colorado Supreme Court decided Monday not to intervene in a federal lawsuit that claims an agreement between state and federal authorities leaves too little water in the Gunnison River to support fish and other wildlife.
Senators Compromise on Intelligence Bill (AP) AP - Senators on Monday gave in to several House demands on compromise legislation dealing with the Sept. 11 commission's anti-terrorism recommendations, including keeping the intelligence budget secret, increasing border security forces and banning aliens who have been trained by terrorist groups.
ADV: Protect Your Family After Your Death Get up to \$1 Million in life insurance with inexpensive rates. Highly advanced life insurance system. Get covered in 10 minutes. Manage your insurance online. No doctor visit needed.
Palestinians Hope to See Ailing Arafat Despite Row  PARIS (Reuters) - Senior Palestinian officials hope to see  Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on Tuesday after traveling  to Paris despite a war of words with the Palestinian  president's wife.
U.S. Troops Launch Offensive for Iraq's Falluja  FALLUJA (Reuters) - Thousands of U.S. and Iraqi troops  backed by tanks stormed into Falluja at nightfall on Monday in  a fierce offensive to retake the rebel stronghold.
Chechen rebels killed in clashes The pro-Moscow security forces in Chechnya claim to have killed 22 separatist fighters loyal to rebel leader, Shamil Basayev.
News Corp takes poison pill TONY EASTLEY: US investors have reacted with caution to a move by media mogul, Rupert Murdoch, to shore up his family #39;s holdings in News Corporation.
Heart disease drug targets ethnic group A combination drug targeted at African-Americans has dramatically reduced deaths from heart disease in trials, paving the way for a new debate over the potential for  quot;ethnic treatments quot;.
FA show stern hand At last, some signs of life in the head-master #39;s office. After a string of weak or wrong decisions, the Football Association beaks decided to take 
Robinson rises to lead new England It did not require a degree in clairvoyance to work out that Jason Robinson would bring something new to the union game when he crossed the sporting Rubicon from rugby league, and it did not 
NFL Extends CBS, Fox Broadcast Rights in \$8 Billion Deal The National Football League on Monday said it will extend broadcast rights for television networks CBS and FOX to air Sunday afternoon football games through 2011 in deals worth a combined \$8 billion.
Kovalev, Richards and Khabibulin join Russian club Alexei Kovalev, Brad Richards and Nikolai Khabibulin became the latest NHL players to join a European team during the lockout, agreeing to play in Russia.
Lenard has surgery on Achilles Denver Nuggets: Shooting guard Voshon Lenard will be out for at least six months after surgery on his torn Achilles tendon. The team said the surgery on Lenard #39;s left leg was a success.
Strahan, Pennington, Leftwich sidelined by injuries EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- All-Pro Michael Strahan will miss the rest of the season with a torn muscle in his chest, leaving the New York Giants without both starting defensive ends.
Injured Seahawks player should get out of hospital Monday SEATTLE - Seahawks cornerback Ken Lucas spent the night in a San Francisco hospital with a bruised lung. Coach Mike Holmgren says the injury was similar to what car accident victims experience when they are hit in the chest by the steering wheel.
Browns' Garmon Injures Knee (AP) AP - Browns offensive guard Kelvin Garmon and defensive back Leigh Bodden are out for the season after sustaining injuries in Cleveland's loss on Sunday in Baltimore.
Baghdad hit by car bomb blasts At least three people have been killed in a suspected suicide car bomb blast outside Baghdad #39;s main hospital, Iraqi police and medics say.
'Stupid' Cowboys Exasperating Parcells (AP) AP - Bill Parcells keeps coming up with humiliating ways to describe the Dallas Cowboys. Not only are they stupid, as he repeatedly called them following a crushing loss to Cincinnati, he said Monday that this season's team exasperates him more than any he's ever coached.
Microsoft reduces ranks of its antitrust opponents BRUSSELS Microsoft said Monday that it had reached legal settlements with two of its biggest adversaries in the software industry, Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association.
BT to buy Infonet, re-entering US market LONDON BT Group said Monday that it was buying Infonet Services, a US-based company that provides global data-communications services, for \$965 million to gain more clients in North America and Asia.
Currencies: ECB comment pares euro #39;s gains on dollar NEW YORK The dollar edged higher against the euro and the Swiss franc on Monday after the head of the European Central Bank said the euro-zone curreny #39;s recent climb against the dollar was  quot;brutal quot; and unwelcome.
Mitsubishi optimistic despite downhill slide TONY EASTLEY: Japanese carmaker, Mitsubishi Motors, is nothing if not optimistic. In just six months, the battered company has lost more than \$1.
Stocks: Wall St. rally slows despite drop in oil prices NEW YORK Profit-taking after Wall Street #39;s nine-session rally left stocks narrowly mixed on Monday even as oil prices continued their downward trend.
Comcast, Microsoft to Deploy Video Recorder Set-Tops Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and cable television provider Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday they would 
IBM Claims Top Spot in World #39;s Fastest Supercomputer Listing International Business Machines Corp. has assembled the world #39;s most powerful computer, unseating Japan #39;s NEC Corp. after more than two years, according to an industry ranking.
Need For Speed Underground 2 goes gold EA #39;s street racing sequel on course for its November 15 release on all current-generation consoles and PC. Electronic Arts today announced that Need For Speed Underground 2 has gone gold and is expected to ship to retail stores on November 15.
Holmes Has Strained Knee; Status Uncertain (AP) AP - Priest Holmes has strained ligaments in his right knee and might not be able to play for the Kansas City Chiefs next week.
Olympic Champion Phelps Cited for DUI  SALISBURY, Md., (Sports Network) - Olympic champion swimmer  Michael Phelps was arrested last week for driving under the  influence of alcohol.
Back to School as Wie Plays a Waiting Game  EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Amateur prodigy Michelle Wie will  spend an uninterrupted few weeks studying at Punahou High  School in Honolulu before the 15-year-old returns to learning  her trade as a would-be professional golfer.
Agents Seek Bigger Voice in Sport's Future  SALVO, North Carolina (Reuters) - A newly formed group of  athletes' representatives are meeting in Miami this week to  seek a larger voice in the development of athletics.
East Asia poverty levels at low Fewer people are living in extreme poverty in the East Asia-Pacific region, the World Bank said Tuesday.
GE sells India back office unit for 500 mln dlr: Business India: New Delhi, Nov 8 : General Electric Co., the world #39;s top conglomerate, today announced that it has sold a majority of its pioneering Indian back-office unit to two private equity firms for 500 million dollars to help the subsidiary gain 
EU, India decide to forge strategic partnership The fifth summit meeting between the European Union (EU) and India, held on Monday in The Hague, decided to start forging a strategic partnership between the EU and India.
BA flies toward a stormy winter LONDON British Airways reported a 26 percent increase in second-quarter profit on Monday, but warned that it expected a tough winter, as fuel prices remain high, and competition stiff.
Dollar Selling Eases as Market Eyes Fed The dollar edged up on Tuesday, taking a breather from recent heavy selling after the European Central Bank chief warned against the euro #39;s rapid climb and ahead of a decision on US interest rates.
Six Flags Posts 60 Pct. Drop in 3Q Profit Six Flags Inc., the world #39;s second-largest amusement park operator, said Monday that third-quarter profit fell 60 percent as storms and wet weather led to lower attendance.
ATI launches chipset for AMD chips ATI Technologies, one of the two major GPU makers, has entered the chipset market segment for a boost in its sales revenue from other sources.
IBM offers supercomputer for sale International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) is offering its record holding supercomputer for sale to interested consumers. The company will offer IBM eServer Blue Gene supercomputer for sale to research laboratories for optimal causes.
Mozilla readies Firefox 1.0 release After 19 months of development, two name changes and more than 8 million downloads of its preview release, the Firefox browser is finally turning 1.0.
DOWNLOAD AND DIRTY The retail chain are after a slice of the lucrative market - worth 25million and growing - dominated by Apple #39;s iTunes. Tesco offer essentially the same service as iTunes for the same price: 79p per song.
AGs, artists urge top court to hear P2P case A broad list of copyright owners, artists, law professors and state attorneys general on Monday asked the Supreme Court to hear a controversial case on the legality of file-swapping software.
Video game fans eagerly await Halo 2 #39;s release The video game Halo 2 is expected to gross \$75 million US in sales over the next 24 hours, with a  quot;midnight madness quot; release similar to the opening of a blockbuster film.
Intel updates Itanium 2 line Intel on Monday updated its Itanium 2 processors, adding a top-end model to a high-end family designed to displace chips from Sun Microsystems and IBM.
Apple Releases Mac OS X Updates Apple Computer has released Mac OS X 10.3.6, an upgrade that offers improvements in several areas of the operating system. The improvements include added compatibility with FireWire audio and USB devices; updates 
HP partners Brocade on Bladesystem servers Hewlett-Packard has joined with Brocade to integrate Brocade #39;s storage area network switching technology into HP Bladesystem servers to reduce the amount of fabric infrastructure needed in a datacentre.
Bears Defense Turns It Up (AP) AP - The Chicago Bears played defense the way coach Lovie Smith envisioned, swarming to the ball and making the New York Giants cough it up. Seven sacks and five takeaways brought a 28-20 victory and produced a modest two-game winning streak that didn't appear possible for a team that dropped five of its first six games.
Mutual Funds Weigh Post-Election Options (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - With the votes counted, mutual fund managers are beginning to see which of their pre-election predictions are paying off.
 #39;Football animal #39; steps up The new head coach of Tottenham Hotspur has been described by a former colleague as a  quot;football animal quot;. Martin Jol, 48, takes over from the departed Jacques Santini and is a man who  quot;eats, thinks and sleeps football quot;.
Robinson confirmed as England rugby captain The 30-year-old British Lion and former rugby league international replaces Jonny Wilkinson who is nursing an upper-arm injury. The main surprise in the England squad was the decision to leave centre Will 
Swimming: Phelps says sorry after drink-drive offence Michael Phelps, the six-time Olympic champion, issued an apology yesterday after being arrested and charged with drunken driving in the United States.
Fresh off wedding, Canadian Jason Bay wins NL rookie award in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - Canadian Jason Bay married longtime girlfriend Kristen on Saturday and picked up the National League Rookie of the Year Award on Monday.
Holmes might miss Chiefs #39; next game Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Kansas City running back Priest Holmes strained ligaments in his right knee in Sunday #39;s 34-31 loss at Tampa Bay.
Giants and Jets both injury-hit New York #39;s hopes of Super Bowl glory took a blow when both the Giants and the Jets were hit by injuries to leading players on Sunday.
Seahawks CB Lucas suffers bruised lung Lucas was released from a San Francisco hospital, where he was kept overnight, and was scheduled to fly back to Seattle, coach Mike Holmgren said.
Jags #39; Leftwich could miss two games The Jacksonville Jaguars #39; starting quarterback may miss only two games, coach Jack Del Rio announced Monday. Leftwich injured his left knee in an October 31 game at Houston.
Bryant Accuser May Move Suit to Calif. (AP) AP - The Kobe Bryant saga may be ending in Colorado. After 17 months of bitter court fights and lurid headlines, the 20-year-old woman accusing the NBA star of rape might dump her civil lawsuit here and sue him in his home state of California because of Colorado's strict limits on financial damages.
Iraqi PM okay US attack to cleanse Falluja of terrorists: Health India: Falluja (Iraq), Nov 8 : Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi today gave the go-ahead for a US-led attack on the rebel stronghold of Falluja.
UK soldiers #39; killer may be European A suicide bomber who killed three Black Watch soldiers was white, suggesting British troops are being targeted by European terrorists.
Iraq Baghdad Violence _ In Baghdad, militants attacked two churches with car bombs and set off blasts at a hospital, killing at least six people and injuring about 80 others.
Kashmir visit, a step in the right direction: Patil: India News: Leh, Nov.8 : Concluding his first three-day visit to Jammu and Kashmir after assuming charge as India #39;s Home Minister, Shivraj Patil on Monday described it as a step in the right direction.
Head of MI5 warns business to guard against terrorism The head of Britain #39;s security services has called on business to play a greater role in combating the threat of terrorism. Eliza Manningham-Buller, the 
SEC Looking Into Broker Trade Prices  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is investigating about a dozen brokerage firms that  may have failed to obtain the best price for stocks traded for  customers, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday.
Nation shocked by hatred shown France flew home its nine dead soldiers from the Ivory Coast yesterday. The nine died in violence at the weekend that presented a bleak contrast to the long-cultivated image of the 
Intel updates Itanium 2 line Revamp adds more oomph to a lineup that has sometimes proved trying for the chipmaker.
AMD fleshes out flash plans The chipmaker plans to release the Ornand family of flash memory chips in 2005, which could lead to expansion into wider markets.
UN 'will miss education target' A report suggests the UN's target of universal primary education by 2015 is unlikely to be reached.
New MyDoom draws on IE flaw to spread Antivirus firms tell PC users to turn on firewalls--Microsoft has yet to patch the Internet Explorer vulnerability.
Cities try last-minute grab for Net phone taxes A day before federal regulators are expected to free VoIP providers from state taxes, two California cities want their cut.
Iran Claims Draft Accord With Europe on Uranium Iran's foreign minister said that a preliminary agreement had been reached to suspend Iran's production of enriched uranium immediately.
IMF heaps praise on Australia, sees growth at 3.75 percent WASHINGTON : The International Monetary Fund commended Australia #39;s economic management and said the country #39;s 13-year expansion is likely to continue with 3.75 percent growth in 2004.
Mandelson stirs dissent with swipe at  #39;gloating #39; Brown Peter Mandelson provoked fresh Labour in-fighting yesterday with an implied attack on Gordon Brown #39;s  quot;exaggerated gloating quot; about the health of the British economy.
U.S. Forces Storm Falluja, Bombs Rock Baghdad (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of U.S. and Iraqi\troops backed by heavy air support and armor have stormed into\the Sunni Muslim city of Falluja in the second major offensive\in seven months to try to recapture the insurgent stronghold.
Amazon.com Web Site Resumes Operations (AP) AP - Amazon.com said that its Web site experienced slowdowns for much of the day Monday but was running normally by evening.
Jags QB Leftwich to Miss Two Games (AP) AP - Even though Byron Leftwich's throwing arm is getting quite a workout, it probably won't help the Jacksonville Jaguars the next two weeks.
Russia launches new space booster rocket Russia launched a new-generation space booster rocket on Monday in a move that could eventually help send civilian cargoes into space, Itar-Tass news agency reported.
Tiger pays for failing to make the kill It was not the year of the Tiger. He #39;s off to the Far East now, for a couple of events there. Then it #39;s back to the US for a skins game in the California desert.
Week 9 NFL Observations As a high profile NFL football player, you should be aware that just about anything you do on the field or the sideline will be caught by a camera.
Bay Pirates #39; first-ever Rookie of the Year The Pittsburgh Pirates had been the only pre-expansion franchise not to have a rookie of the year winner. Slugging outfielder Jason Bay changed that Monday.
NFL extends some of its TV contracts NEW YORK Sunday afternoon NFL games are staying on CBS and Fox. The league and the networks have agreed to six-year contract extensions in deals worth a combined eight (b) billion dollars.
Quincy takes charge The news yesterday that Quincy Carter would assume the Jets #39; starting quarterback job for the immediate future didn #39;t shake the Jets #39; locker room as much as you might think.
Chiefs Rolling Up Huge Chunks Of Points, Yards _ Crowd the line of scrimmage to stop the Pro Bowl running back, and passes from the Pro Bowl quarterback will find the Pro Bowl tight end.
Porto beats Sporting, goes second place in Portuguese league FC Porto scored three second-half goals to beat visiting Sporting Lisbon 3-0 Monday and move into second place in the Portuguese league, one point behind leader Benfica after nine rounds.
Gates, Brees power Chargers past Saints SAN DIEGO - These clearly are not the San Diego Chargers of the recent gloomy past. They can pass. They can catch. They can play defense.
Document spec for e-commerce is approved (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Looking to provide a catalyst for e-commerce, OASIS on Monday announced ratification of Universal Business Language (UBL) Version 1.0, which defines a common XML library of business documents for use in online transactions.
Marenco Likely to Win Nicaragua Elections (AP) AP - The leader of Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista Front on Monday claimed victory for his party in weekend mayoral elections.
Ivoirian Throngs Assemble to Shield President From the French French and Ivory Coast military commanders appealed for calm Monday in Abidjan, as government supporters, whipped into a frenzy by reports that French tanks were 
Dutch murder triggers reprisals A bomb damaged a Muslim primary school in Eindhoven yesterday as violent reprisals for the murder last week of an anti-Islamic film-maker swept across Holland.
Sticking points in Iran-EU nuclear talks: diplomats VIENNA : Sticking points hampering a tentative agreement on getting Tehran to suspend uranium enrichment are over the length and extent of any halt, diplomats told AFP, revealing first details from talks in Paris last week.
U.N. Investigators Arrive in Sudan (AP) AP - U.N. investigators arrived in Sudan to determine if genocide took place in Darfur and investigate reports of human rights violations in the war-torn province, a U.N. spokesman said Monday.
Bush, China's Hu discuss Taiwan, ties (AFP) AFP - Chinese President Hu Jintao on Monday had a telephone conversation with US leader George W. Bush who reiterated Washington would not change its stance on Taiwan, state media said.
Novell extols desktop Linux (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Novell this week spruced up a version of its Linux desktop aimed squarely at enterprise users.
Toshiba sues Hynix on memory patents TOKYO - Japan's Toshiba Corp. filed patent infringement lawsuits in Japanese and U.S. courts on Monday against South Korea's Hynix Semiconductor Inc., it said Tuesday.
IBM Dominates Top Supercomputer List (PC World) PC World - Silicon Graphics comes in second for "fast computer" bragging rights.
Document spec for e-commerce is approved Looking to provide a catalyst for e-commerce, OASIS on Monday announced ratification of Universal Business Language (UBL) Version 1.0, which defines a common XML library of business documents for use in online transactions.
BA profits sky high BRITISH Airways said today that net profit rose by 25.5 per cent over the latest quarter and that passenger numbers also rose. Chief executive Rod Eddington said the good figures compared with a weak second 
Australian economy to grow by some 3.75 percent in 2004: IMF Australia #39;s real gross domestic product (GDP) is projected to grow by about 3.75 percent in 2004 and medium-term prospects remain favorable, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said Monday.
I am CCIA of Borg! The Computer and Communications Industry Association has long been among tech #39;s most spirited Microsoft bashers. So it #39;s somewhat ironic to see the association agreeing to put its differences with the company aside.
Comcast Announces Broad Microsoft TV Software Deployment Comcast Cable this month will turn up the first US commercial deployment of Microsoft TV Foundation Edition, a digital cable software platform that includes an interactive program guide and supports dual-tuner digital video recording (DVR) services.
Blue Gene, Linux top supercomputing list com November 8, 2004, 4:29 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Microsoft Update Aims to Secure PCs against Attack Description: A new Microsoft upgrade tries to make Windows XP more secure against attack. Service Pack 2 contains a program -- known as a firewall -- that keeps out some destructive computer worms.
Benfica #39;s Gomes sprains left knee Benfica striker Nuno Gomes sprained his left knee during a league match at the weekend but will not need surgery, the Portuguese league leaders said in a statement onMonday.
IBM Dominates Top Supercomputer List Silicon Graphics comes in second for "fast computer" bragging rights.
EU ssks WTO to get US, Canada to lift sanctions The European Union has asked the World Trade Organization (WTO) to order the United States and Canada to lift sanctions on EU exports because of EU #39;s ban on hormone beef.
Loss of face Mitsubishi Motors, damaged by a series of cover-ups over vehicle defects, yesterday produced the worst results in its 34-year history, with interim net losses doubling to 146 billion yen (744m).
Attacking piracy top priority of new Hollywood lobbyist Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. LOS ANGELES, California, United States of America -- Hollywood #39;s new studio czar Dan Glickman vowed on Monday 
Mandelson warns EU to reform economy or fall BIRMINGHAM, England (AFP) - Europe must show a  quot;determined, unwavering pursuit of economic reform quot; or risk endangering its status as a  quot;global economic leader quot;, EU trade commissioner-designate Peter Mandelson warned.
Study Reveals Global Warming Effects in Arctic Description: A study released Monday that says that global warming is particularly intense in the Arctic. The melting of glaciers, thinning sea ice and changes in permafrost have acute impacts on Arctic residents 
UN panel probing genocide arrives in Sudan A UN-appointed panel has reached Sudan to determine whether genocide has taken place in the western region of Darfur. The United States has alleged that genocide occurred in Darfur but the Sudanese government 
UN nuclear watchdog to issue report on South Korea next week (AFP) AFP - The UN nuclear agency is to present a report on South Korea next week ahead of a decision on whether the US ally should be taken to the UN Security Council for violating international nuclear safeguards, diplomats said.
GE Spins Off Indian BPO Unit The subsidiary formerly known as GECIS will instantly become a major player in the business process outsourcing industry. By Paul McDougall.
Report unlikely to affect Fed policies If there is a good rule of thumb about the Federal Reserve Board, it is this: A startling economic report is not enough to sway policy.
Profits soar but oil fears freeze BA divi SURGING oil prices are continuing to drive up British Airways fuel costs and persuaded it to continue its three-year freeze on the dividend yesterday despite rising profits.
The Times Sells Its Headquarters to a Developer of Office Space Tishman Speyer Properties signed a contract Sunday night to buy the current home of The New York Times Company in Times Square for \$175 million and convert it to an office building.
New Study Puts Sept. 11 Payout at \$38 Billion The families or loved ones of civilians killed on Sept. 11 received, on average, \$3.1 million in government and charitable awards.
Taser Guns Allowed Aboard Korean Air Jets (CBS 5 News)--The federal government has given the go-ahead for commercial pilots to carry stun-guns. Scottsdale based Taser International will soon be arming people in the cockpit!
Wall Street slips as profit-takers move in post-election STOCKS stayed little changed yesterday as interest rates and a weakening dollar took centre stage after last weeks US presidential election inspired rally.
Tul Introduces Its latest PowerColor XPRESS 200 PCI-E Mainboard on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As any experienced gamer would know, current PC games demand more and more graphics power to run. The PowerColor XPRESS 200 fulfils the needs of high graphics performance and limited budget for users.
IBM Dominates Top Supercomputer List With performance almost double that of the Earth Simulator, in Yokohama, Japan, IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L on Monday was officially ranked first on the Top500 list of the world #39;s fastest supercomputers.
Telecom Unveils New Mobile Phone Service New Zealand #39;s biggest listed company, Telecom, launched its new high-speed  quot;third-generation quot; - or 3G - mobile phone system service Tuesday, promising users high-speed data transfer to their handsets.
US Movie Industry Gets Tough with Pirates The new president of the Motion Picture Association of America, Dan Glickman, says his industry is getting tough on movie piracy. Mr.
Tiger explains game of risk after losing his way again WHILE the Tiger Woods of old, leading the way after 54 holes, would doubtless have won the Tour Championship with something to spare at East Lake, the less confident 2004 vintage found himself comprehensively outplayed on Sunday by Retief Goosen, who rose 
Arrested for Drunken Driving, Phelps Makes an Apology After his arrest last week on drunken driving charges, the Olympic swimming star Michael Phelps said yesterday that he had made a mistake and would own up to the charges against him.
Bowden, at Least, Is Certain to Make Moves The meetings of Major League Baseball #39;s general managers officially open today in Key Biscayne, Fla., though Jim Bowden -- the GM of the franchise that is supposed to depart Montreal for Washington 
Angels keep spring home in Tempe com. The Angels will continue to train in Tempe, Ariz., and not make a move to Goodyear, Ariz., after the 2007 season. The club agreed Monday to extend its lease agreement with the city 
Visitors headed for showdown with Arafat #39;s wife Amidst the ongoing confusion over Yasser Arafat #39;s health, there is an unlikely showdown brewing in Paris -- between top members of the caretaker Palestinian administration and their ailing leader #39;s wife.
Black Watch soldier killed and two injured by roadside bomb A Black Watch soldier was killed last night, and two more injured, when a roadside bomb blast hit their vehicle near the regiment #39;s new base in central Iraq.
US Dollar ends transactions in Cuba US Dollar ended transactions in Cuba on Monday under an order by the authorities. From Monday dollar transactions in stores, hotels, restaurants and other business, which have 
 #39;Hurriyat gets Rs 150 Cr from ISI #39; Even though Pakistan denies pressuring the Hurriyat leadership, it has launched yet another vigorous attempt to regain control of the secessionist movement by uniting the divided All Party Hurriyat Conference under the leadership of Syed Ali Shah Geelani.
Informal Lenders in China Pose Risks to Banking System The growth of a shadow banking system poses a stiff challenge to China's state-owned banks, already burdened with bad debt.
Justice Dept. And S.E.C. Investigating Merck Drug Federal prosecutors and the S.E.C. are investigating Merck in connection with its recalled pain reliever, Vioxx.
Microsoft to Pay \$536 Million to Novell in Antitrust Case Microsoft hailed the agreement as the culmination of a multibillion-dollar campaign to settle antitrust conflicts with its major antagonists.
A Disappointing Fall for Some Big Names in Clothing With an overcrowded market, retailing executives are wondering aloud which fall lines will still be around next spring.
General Electric Sells 60 of Indian Back-Office Unit G.E.'s sale may set off a trend as other multinational companies move from owning back-office units to outsourcing to independent companies.
Stating Claim in ACC With three regular season games remaining, the ACC's power line stretches from Blacksburg to Charlottesville, as Virginia and Virginia Tech are tied atop the conference standings.
Big Salary, Big Year? After signing a five-year, \$25 million contract extension last week, the Wizards hope that Brendan Haywood fills the stat sheet as well as the lane.
Utah Slips in BCS Poll Despite walloping Colorado State, 63-31, to extend their record to a school-best 9-0, the Utes watch their ranking in the Bowl Championships Series standings drop a spot to seventh.
Danton Gets 7 1/2 Years Former St. Louis Blues player Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed.
'L.A. Angels'? The city of Anaheim let it be known on Monday that they will fight any attempt by the Angels to change their name to the Los Angeles Angels.
Nikkei Inches Up, Mazda Drives Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.27  percent by midsession on Tuesday as buyers went after shipping  firms with solid financial prospects while an upbeat earnings  result and outlook propelled Mazda Motor Corp. higher.
Sunday Won't Be Only Ticket in N.F.L.'s New TV Deal The N.F.L. settled its Sunday afternoon packages with Fox and CBS through the 2011 season, but left its prime-time and cable packages unresolved.
Arrested for Drunken Driving, Phelps Makes an Apology Olympic swimming star Michael Phelps said Monday that he had made a mistake and would own up to the charges against him.
Free-Agent Crop Continues to Grow For the second straight year, more than 200 players have filed for free agency, which would have suited former Oakland A's owner Charlie Finley just fine.
Colombia OKs Extradition of Drug Kingpin Colombian President Alvaro Uribe late Monday authorized the extradition to the United States of drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, the president's spokesman said.
Peru Names Prosecutor to Oversee Retrial The government named a special prosecutor for anti-terrorism cases Monday, moving to prevent a repeat of a trial disruption last week by the Shining Path rebel founder and his followers.
Colts Lead Vikings 14-6 at Halftime (AP) AP - Peyton Manning threw two touchdown passes and the Indianapolis Colts built a 14-6 halftime lead over the Minnesota Vikings on Monday night.
Nikkei Inches Up, Mazda Drives Higher (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.27\percent by midsession on Tuesday as buyers went after shipping\firms with solid financial prospects while an upbeat earnings\result and outlook propelled Mazda Motor Corp. higher.
Manning-Harrison Set Completions Record (AP) AP - Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison broke the NFL record for most completions by a quarterback-receiver tandem in the third quarter of the Indianapolis Colts' game Monday night against Minnesota.
Changes Sway Netherlands Slaying Suspect (AP) AP - Two years before he allegedly killed a Dutch filmmaker in the name of radical Islam, Mohammed Bouyeri volunteered at his local community center and was a promising member of the second generation of Moroccan immigrants to the Netherlands.
Hezbollah Releases Drone Aircraft Footage (AP) AP - Hezbollah on Monday released footage of an drone aircraft it had sent into Israeli airspace a day earlier, a flight which the United Nations said violated the U.N.-drawn border between Lebanon and Israel.
Police pull body of lost autistic man, 46, from Oakville creek (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OAKVILLE, Ont. (CP) - The body of a missing autistic man was pulled from a creek Monday, just metres from where a key piece of evidence was uncovered but originally overlooked because searchers had the wrong information.
Apple's Mac OS X Update Brings Word of Firewire Problems (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Some users have said that after updating to Mac OS X "Panther" 10.3.6, their computers no longer recognize external Firewire 400 hard drives. Others report no such problems with the update, which includes networking optimizations and fixes for video and font glitches.
Bush Keeps Card As Chief of Staff (AP) AP - Beginning to put his team in place for his second term, President Bush decided to keep Andy Card as White House chief of staff, retaining an unflappable veteran of the Reagan and first Bush presidencies.
Howard Dean Considering Bid to Chair Dems (AP) AP - Former presidential candidate Howard Dean is considering a bid to become chairman of the national Democratic Party.
Mexico's Fox Says U.S. Migration Deal a Priority  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Vicente Fox said  on Monday he hoped President Bush's re-election meant a  bilateral accord on migration would be reached before his own  term runs out at the end of 2006.
6,500 GI #39;s and 2,000 Iraqis on Attack Thousands of American marines and soldiers swarmed over a railroad embankment on the northern edge of Falluja on Monday night and early Tuesday 
Judge Narrows Scope of Suit Over Boston Scientific Stents Time is running out for Boston Scientific to resolve what could be a multibillion-dollar liability resulting from its foray into the stent business.
Microsoft opens portals for governments The Solutions Sharing Network allows government entities to post their own tips, procedures and even in-house software.
GE sells 60 stake in Indian BPO arm New Delhi: In one of the largest deals in the \$3.6 billion Indian BPO industry, US-based conglomerate GE announced it will sell 60 per cent stake in its Gurgaon-based BPO arm, GECIS, to private equity firms General Atlantic Partners and Oak Hill Capital 
David Beckham breaks into Hollywood Britain #39;s best-known soccer player, David Beckham, has signed up for a small part in a Hollywood movie, Sky News reported Monday.
Jets #39; Pennington out 2-4 weeks with shoulder strain SPORTS NETWORK - New York Jets quarterback Chad Pennington suffered a rotator cuff injury during Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills and is expected to miss the next two to four weeks.
Chavitos, Cubas new convertible currency The Cuban Convertible Peso, CUC, or chavitos as they are called locally became effective this Monday substituting the widely circulated US dollar, with the Central Bank stating that control over the nation #39;s money circulation underlines sovereignty 
Update 3: GE to Sell Stake in Global Outsourcing Unit General Electric Co. said Monday it will sell a majority stake in its global outsourcing business to two US-based equity firms for \$500 million.
Brazilian Troops to Remain in Haiti (AP) AP - Brazilian U.N. peacekeepers will remain in Haiti until presidential elections are held in that Caribbean nation sometime next year, President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Monday.
Microsoft #39;s Xbox sequel  #39;Halo 2 #39; goes on sale at midnight The company says thousands of retailers across the country are planning  quot;midnight madness quot; sales for eager gamers. Microsoft says it has 1.5 million pre-orders for the sequel to the popular  quot;Halo quot; game, which sells for \$50.
Judge Declines to Dismiss Pollution Suit (AP) AP - A federal judge on Monday refused to dismiss a lawsuit accusing a Canadian mining company of polluting the Columbia River with heavy metals for decades.
Tottenham put faith in Dutch coach Jol MARTIN Jol was named as Tottenham Hotspurs new head coach yesterday and immediately pledged to follow in the footsteps of Bill Nicholson and guide the club back to the halcyon days of the 1960s.
IAEA chief hopes Iran suspend enrichment process The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) head, Mohammad ElBaradei, on Monday expressed his hope that suspension of uranium enrichment will be included in the preliminary Iran-EU agreement.
Panel Urges Washington to Finance Fast Computer The panel of scientists also warned of a looming imbalance between hardware and software technology in high-performance computing.
Dancing to That Robotic Engineering Beat The work of Prof. Naomi Ehrich Leonard at Princeton University shatters barriers, interweaving control theory, fluid mechanics, robotics, and biology.
F.A.A. Faced With Aging of Computers and Staff The Federal Aviation Administration is facing some of the same problems that are driving the airlines to bankruptcy, rising costs and declining income.
Three Executives at Marsh Removed in Reorganization Two of the highest ranking executives of Marsh   McLennan's insurance brokerage business and the company's general counsel were forced out.
Miniature People Add Extra Pieces to Evolutionary Puzzle The miniature people found to have lived on an Indonesian island until 13,000 years ago have shaken up views of the human past.
 #39;No free lunches in GE #39; Soon after announcing the \$500 million deal to divest 60 per cent in GE Capital International Services (Gecis) to General Atlantic Partners and Oak Hill Partners, Pramod Bhasin, President  amp; CEO, Gecis, spoke to Business Standard.
Polar Bears May Face Demise Global warming could cause polar bears to go extinct by the end of the century by eroding the sea ice that sustains them, according to the most comprehensive international assessment ever done of Arctic climate change.
Novell Linux Desktop Arrives By the end of the week, Novell Inc. #39;s new Linux desktop for enterprise customers, Novell Linux Desktop 9, Powered by SuSE Linux, will be available for purchase through Novell channel partners for a suggested price of \$50 per system.
Minnesota built computer fastest in world IBM #39;s still incomplete Blue Gene/L system being built in Rochester, Minnesota, has officially been named the fastest supercomputer in the world.
Toshiba Sues Over Patent Infringement (AP) AP - In the latest squabble over patents between Japanese and South Korean electronics giants, Toshiba has sued Hynix Semiconductor's Japan and U.S. units, alleging patent infringement in flash-memory chips, key components in digital cameras and cell phones.
Legal boost for Microsoft Microsoft said yesterday that it had finally laid to rest the anti-trust case against it in the United States when it reached an agreement with the Computer  amp; Communications Industry Association, the final group seeking to overturn itssettlement with the 
In Tussle With Murdoch, Malone Seeks Leverage On the surface it is a simple stock purchase, but on another level, the maneuvering is part of an angry chess game between two mega-entrepreneurs who are used to running the board.
Three Executives at Marsh Removed in Reorganization Two top-ranking executives of the insurance brokerage unit at Marsh  amp; McLennan Company and the company #39;s general counsel were forced out yesterday as Marsh took another step in reorganizing 
Skilling Lawyers Seek Change of Venue Lawyers for former Enron Corp. chief executive Jeffrey K. Skilling yesterday urged a federal judge to transfer his blockbuster fraud trial out of Houston, citing a toxic atmosphere in which 
Favorable Report on Mass. Wind Farm A wind power plant proposed for the shallow waters south of Cape Cod would do no major harm to birds and other marine life and could lead to significant public health benefits 
Toshiba seeks damage against Hynix TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- Japan #39;s Toshiba Corp. said Tuesday it has field suit against South Korea #39;s Hynix Semiconductor Inc. in Japan and the United States, alleging infringement of Toshiba #39;s semiconductor flash memory patents.
Microsoft comes to small screen Comcast Cable yesterday announced a plan to roll out Microsoft #39;s software across its digital-cable system in Washington state.
BA issues fuel cost warning as profit jumps to 335m British Airways #39; chief executive, Rod Eddington, warned yesterday that he was preparing for a long, hard winter as the high cost of fuel eats into the national flag carrier #39;s profits.
UPDATE 1-IMF lauds  #39;exemplary #39; Australian economic record The International Monetary Fund on Monday commended Australia for its strong economic performance and said the country #39;s outlook was favorable and unlikely to 
MMC Makes Management Changes; Egan, Treanor Out Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc. (MMC) reported on Monday that Roger Egan, president and COO of Marsh Inc., its risk and insurance services subsidiary, and Christopher Treanor, Marsh Inc.
Comcast, Microsoft to deploy DVR units REDMOND, Wash. - Microsoft Corp. and cable television provider Comcast Corp. said Monday they would begin deploying set-top boxes powered by Microsoft software starting next week.
Arctic Thaw NOT ONLY HAS it moved beyond the realm of science fiction, but the Arctic ice cap #39;s melting has been much faster than anyone has suspected.
But can it leap tall buildings? US supercomputers once again are the fastest in the world, ending an uneasy 2 1/2 year period when a Japanese computer far outranked all competitors.
Stickers Put in Evolution Text Are the Subject of a Federal Trial A federal judge began hearing testimony on Monday about whether the Cobb County School District should be allowed to leave stickers in biology textbooks saying that evolution 
Bull Announces the Availability of NovaScale Servers Running the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS  amp; PITTSBURGH --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 8, 2004 -- Bull today announce that its range of NovaScale servers will run the latest Intel(R) Itanium(R) 2 processors, with a L3 cache up to 9 MB, and the new 
Panel Urges Washington to Finance Fast Computer A panel of leading computer scientists warned in a report issued on Monday that unless the federal government significantly increased support for advanced research on 
Gamers line up to grab  #39;Halo 2 #39; Video-game fans across the country stood in the chilly November air last night, eagerly awaiting the arrival of  quot;Halo 2. quot;.
AGs, artists urge top court to hear P2P case com November 8, 2004, 5:08 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Russia launches Soyuz-2 booster rocket Russia successfully launched a new model of booster rocket, the Soyuz-2, on Monday following two postponements. The rocket blasted off at 9:30 pm (1830 GMT) from the Plesetsk 
World track glory pull for Radcliffe PAULA Radcliffe is considering going for the 10,000 metres gold medal in the World Championships in Helsinki next summer. Max Jones, UK Athletics performance director, believes Radcliffe is eager to prove herself as a global track champion.
Beckham plays screen Goal Real Madrid #39;s super soccer star and England captain David Beckham will reveal his talent, other than play football, in a film of \$100 million soccer trilogy -- GOAL.
Colts 31, Vikings 28 Peyton Manning provided the expected fireworks. Mike Vanderjagt #39;s leg sealed the win for the Indianapolis Colts. Manning threw four touchdown passes and Vanderjagt kicked a 35-yard field goal with 2 seconds 
Now, Quincy must pass test Midway through the fourth quarter of the Jets #39; 22-17 loss in Buffalo on Sunday, Chad Pennington went up to Herman Edwards on the sidelines.
ACC has three top-5 teams in preseason hoops poll Top-heavy with Atlantic Coast Conference teams, The Associated Press preseason mens basketball poll gave the nod to Kansas of the Big 12 Conference.
Madness in Holland THE ASSASSINATION last week of the Dutch filmmaker and writer Theo van Gogh was a repulsive crime. But the murder represents more than a garish incident on Amsterdam #39;s police blotter.
Russian Troops Kill 22 Chechen Rebels Russian troops killed at least 22 rebels in separatist Chechnya on Monday, including a man officials said was linked to the assassination of Chechnya #39;s pro-Moscow president, media reported.
Suit Challenges Evolution Disclaimers on Textbooks Description: A lawsuit challenges disclaimers stuck on biology textbooks containing evolution theory in Georgia #39;s affluent Cobb County.
Supreme Court urged to hear file-sharing case LOS ANGELES - A disparate group made up of dozens of state attorneys general, labor unions, retailers, professional sports leagues and others urged the US Supreme Court on Monday to hear a claim brought by the recording and film industries against two 
Low Turnout Sinks Macedonian Bid to Kill Rights Bill A referendum bid to block a law that gives Macedonia #39;s Albanian minority more rights failed on Sunday, upholding a Western-brokered peace plan which ended ethnic fighting in 2001.
Paper peace doves set to fall over troubled southern Thailand in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGKOK : Fifty aircraft were due to scatter 120 million paper birds across Thailand #39;s trouble-hit Muslim-majority south in a peace gesture that has captured the imagination of most of the nation, officials said.
Justice Dept. and S.E.C. Investigating Merck Drug Federal prosecutors and the S.E.C. are investigating Merck in connection with its recalled pain reliever, Vioxx.
In Tussle With Murdoch, Malone Seeks Leverage Last week, the chairman of Liberty Media, John C. Malone, said he might increase Liberty's voting interest in the News Corporation.
Two Agencies Probe Merck #39;s Handling of Its Vioxx Drug Justice Department prosecutors and Securities and Exchange Commission regulators are investigating Merck  amp; Co. for its handling of the painkiller Vioxx, the pharmaceutical giant disclosed yesterday.
UPDATE 3-Two Marsh  amp; McLennan executives step down Two Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) executives linked to an insurance market bid-rigging investigation stepped down from their positions 
Novell Linux Desktop launch this week  quot;Novell is focusing its enterprise desktop efforts on Linux deployments where users can gain the most benefit. quot; - Jack Messman, Novell #39;s chairman and CEO.
ATI Xpress 200 Review November 08, 2004 - AnandTech have slapped up a great feature and review on ATI #39;s new chipset for AMD processors, which seems to give Nvidia a run for their money.
Manning, James carry Colts to 31-28 win INDIANAPOLIS (Nov. 8, 2004) -- Peyton Manning provided the expected fireworks, including a left-handed pass for a key first down. Mike Vanderjagt #39;s leg sealed the win for the Indianapolis Colts.
Lucas released from hospital KIRKLAND -- Ken Lucas returned to Seattle late yesterday after spending Sunday night in a Bay Area hospital because of a bruised lung.
Facing Iran, With Europe FOR THE SECOND time in a year, European foreign ministers are close to striking an interim deal with Iran over its nuclear program.
Organizer identified among killed militants in Chechnya Among over 20 killed separatists in combat in Chechen on Monday morning, one was identified as one of the organizers of the May 9 terrorism act in Grozny, in which Chechen President 
Black Watch push on with mission The death of a fourth Black Watch soldier in Iraq has made the troops more determined to complete their mission, a spokesman says.
Officials Lay Groundwork for Cleanup of Great Lakes The United States and Canada signed a declaration on Friday that outlines a plan to clean up the Great Lakes and the major waterways that feed them.
Microsoft Gives Sharing Tools to Gov't. (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. has begun providing free tools so government organizations can better share technological information, in a move it says is aimed at helping cash-strapped customers save money.
Oil Hugs  #36;49, Concerns Over Heating Fuel (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices clung near the  #36;49 mark on\Tuesday, pausing from a 12 percent slide from record highs\ahead of key mid-week data on the health of winter fuel\stockpiles in the leading consumer, the United States.
Australian business confidence falls in October but still good: survey (AFP) AFP - Australian business confidence about the near future fell slightly in October after a surge in September but views on current conditions registered a strong jump, a key survey showed.
Mavericks Beat Warriors 101-98 in Overtime (AP) AP - Dirk Nowitzki scored 25 points, including the opening basket in overtime that put Dallas ahead to stay, and the Mavericks remained unbeaten with a 101-98 victory over winless Golden State on Monday night.
Another Buddhist Beheaded in Thai South Revenge  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Suspected Muslim militants beheaded an  elderly man in Thailand's south in revenge for the deaths of 85  Muslim protesters last month, the second Buddhist decapitated  in a week, police said on Tuesday.
Firefox, Google and Web Search Mozilla Firefox has Google, Yahoo and other search tools baked in, but they are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to search capabilities available with this innovative new web browser that launched its first official version today.
NBA Wrap: Mavericks Come Back to Beat Golden State  DALLAS (Sports Network) - Dirk Nowitzki scored 25 points  and grabbed 10 rebounds as the Dallas Mavericks overcame an  early 17-point deficit for a 101-98 overtime victory against  Golden State at American Airlines Center.
Cal might be headed our way Cal could be coming to the Holiday Bowl instead of its anticipated dream trip to play Michigan in the Rose Bowl. The fourth-ranked Bears put themselves at the mercy of the voters and the Bowl Championship 
Critics hit corps #39; Cape mill report Opponents vowed yesterday to step up their fight against a giant wind farm off the coast of Cape Cod amid accusations that a new US Army Corps of Engineers study was inadequate and biased toward the developer who paid for it.
Standard Chartered Fires 200 in Hong Kong as Competition Rises Standard Chartered Plc, a UK lender that makes two-thirds its profit in Asia, said it fired 200 people, or 5 percent of its employees, in Hong Kong where it #39;s making less money on home loans.
Four-TD Manning masters Minnesota Peyton Manning won a shootout with opposite number Daunte Culpepper as the Indianapolis Colts claimed a last-minute 31-28 victory over the Minnesota Vikings.
Arsenal chairman backs Wenger over Ruud row Arsenal won #39;t waver in their support for boss Arsene Wenger, despite the Frenchman being hit by an FA charge of misconduct last night.
BMW Williams to Test Webber, Davidson, Heidfeld, and Pizzonia On Tuesday November 24, Mark Webber will undertake his first testing duties for the team in Barcelona, together with the team test driver, Antonio Pizzonia.
Pirates #39; Bay National League Rookie of the Year After rewriting the Pirates #39; record book, Jason Bay was named the National League Rookie of the Year yesterday by the Baseball Writers Association of America.
Suez Canal blocked by crippled oil tanker ISMAILIA, Egypt: Egypt #39;s Suez Canal has been blocked by a broken-down oil tanker and could stay shut for another two days, the most serious closure of the strategic waterway for almost 30 years, shipping sources said.
Israels nukes blocking Mideast peace: ElBaradei SYDNEY - Israels nuclear weapons are an obstacle to peace in the Middle East, the head of the United Nations nuclear watchdog said on Tuesday.
Chechen forces kill 22 separatist rebels AP - Chechen security forces killed 22 separatist rebels, including the alleged leader of the assassination of the republic #39;s president, Chechen deputy prime minister Ramzan Kadyrov said, according to news reports.
Seeking an Enron Trial Far From Houston It is no secret that the fortunes of Houston were long married to the success of Enron, the once highflying energy company that was the city #39;s premier corporate citizen.
ATI Launches Xpress 200 Chipsets ATI Technologies has launched the Radeon Xpress 200 chipset with integrated DirectX 9 graphics for AMD desktop PCs. The latest chipset is aimed at gaming enthusiasts and high definition home entertainment.
Telecom offers broadband to go Telecom mobile general manager Kevin Kenrick showed off the Harrier personal digital assistant at the launch of the company #39;s 3G mobile broadband network in Wellington yesterday.
Russia launches new space booster rocket MOSCOW: Russia launched a new-generation space booster rocket today in a move that could eventually help send civilian cargoes into space, Itar-Tass news agency reported.
Suha blasted over  #39;deathbed coup #39; claim GAZA CITY: Palestinians let rip at Yasser Arafat #39;s wife Suha yesterday after she alleged his top lieutenants were plotting a deathbed coup, accusing her of abandoning the nationalist struggle for the boutiques of Paris.
Africa backs French troops in Ivory Coast ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia: The African Union (AU) said yesterday it supports United Nations and French intervention in Ivory Coast as UN Security Council held talks last night on a French resolution to impose an arms embargo on Ivory Coast.
EIGHT DIE AS BOMB EXPLOSIONS HIT BAGHDAD BAGHDAD: At least eight people were killed and 45 wounded when two suspected car bombs exploded within minutes of each other outside two churches and a hospital in southern Baghdad last night.
I had faith in Paula PAULA RADCLIFFES husband and coach Gary Lough always believed she would bounce back in style from her Olympic nightmare. Radcliffe, 30, pipped Kenyan Susan Chepkemei to win the New York 
NFL Game Summary - Minnesota at Indianapolis Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Peyton Manning threw four touchdown passes and Mike Vanderjagt kicked a 35-yard field goal with two seconds remaining in the fourth quarter to give the Indianapolis Colts a 31-28 victory over the Minnesota Vikings at 
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The winless Golden State Warriors start a five-game road trip tonight, as they visit the undefeated Dallas Mavericks at American Airlines Center.
East Asia #39;s Economies to Grow Over 7 Pct. A fifth year of powerful economic growth in East Asia and the Pacific has driven the number of people living in poverty in the region to its lowest level ever, but the World Bank warned Tuesday that oil prices could dampen the boom next year.
Boeing Probe Widens to \$100 Bln Contract A criminal probe of Boeing Co. #39;s dealings with the US Air Force is widening to include a \$100 billion Army program it oversees, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
Maker of Vioxx hit with criminal probe Federal prosecutors and the Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating Merck  amp; Co. in connection with Vioxx, the painkiller that was pulled from the market in September 
FCC expected to exempt VoIP from state rules The Federal Communications Commission is expected to vote today to exempt Internet-based phone companies from state regulation, a step that could help boost the emerging services.
Moody #39;s may downgrade Philippines TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- Moody #39;s Investors Service said Tuesday it has placed on review for possible downgrade the Philippines #39; long-term foreign- and local currency ceilings and ratings due to concerns over the sustainability of the government #39;s fiscal and debt 
Amazon.com has sluggish Monday SEATTLE Amazon-dot-com says things are running normally again on its Web site after a sometimes sluggish Monday. A spokeswoman says the world #39;s largest Internet retailer began experiencing  quot;a slowness quot; Monday morning.
Ferrari will miss F1 team meeting Team bosses will discuss their plans to cut costs in F1 including a proposal to cut testing to just ten days during the season for all teams.
Texas a step ahead of Utah in polls Texas bumped Utah from the coveted No. 6 spot in the Bowl Championship Series standings released on Monday, improving its chance for its first major bowl in eight seasons.
Jets: Injured shoulder KO #39;s Pennington 2-4 weeks But he felt unwanted in Dallas and resented that the Cowboys had brought in veteran Vinny Testaverde to challenge him this past off-season.
Knicks: Suhr replaces Helm as assistant Knicks general manager Isiah Thomas has his coaching staff in place. Now all he has to do is fire Lenny Wilkens. Yesterday, the Knicks said 71-year-old assistant Dick 
Danton Sentenced to 71/2 Years For Murder-for-Hire Plot Mike Danton was sentenced yesterday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed. Danton said nothing in East St. Louis, Ill.
NBA Wrap: Mavericks Come Back to Beat Golden State DALLAS (Sports Network) - Dirk Nowitzki scored 25 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as the Dallas Mavericks overcame an early 17-point deficit for a 101-98 overtime victory against Golden State at American Airlines Center.
Afghan Kidnappers Await Prisoner Swap Offer Response Kidnappers threatening to kill a Northern Irish woman in Afghanistan were today awaiting a response to their demand for a prisoner exchange.
Pakistan wants respect to Kashmiri leaderships desire to hold &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : Pakistan said on Monday that Kashmiri leaderships desire to hold talks with Islamabad should be respected. Pakistan said on Monday that Kashmiri leaderships desire to hold talks with Islamabad should be respected.
Palestinians seek to visit Arafat Top Palestinian officials are to meet the French president in the hope of visiting the ailing Yasser Arafat.
Petrino  #39;really happy here #39; University of Louisville football coach Bobby Petrino, amid rumors of job offers coming his way, said after yesterday #39;s regular-season finale at Tulane that his first move 
Boeing Probe Widens to \$100 Bln Contract  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A criminal probe of Boeing Co.'s  dealings with the U.S. Air Force is widening to include a \$100  billion Army program it oversees, the Wall Street Journal  reported on Tuesday.
Tokyo Stocks Slip on Banks, Insurers  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average closed down 0.17  percent on Tuesday as growing worries over the domestic  economic outlook hit banks and insurers, offsetting gains in  shipping firms and others with bright earnings prospects.
Air Force Seeks Contract Reviews Department of Defense asked to lead review of contracts awarded by a former procurement official who has admitted giving Boeing Co. preferential treatment.
Skilling Lawyers Seek Change of Venue Attorneys for former Enron chief executive cite a toxic atmosphere in which respondents to a recent poll they commissioned called Skilling a "crook," a "pig" and an "economic terrorist."
US Mulls Stopping Aid if No Peace Deal in S. Sudan  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States next week  intends to tell Sudan and its southern opposition that offers  of aid may be withdrawn if an agreement is not signed soon to  end Africa's longest-running civil war, its U.N. ambassador  said.
Korean Air Stun Guns Approved  The federal government has given approval for Korean Air Lines Co. to arm its crew members with stun guns aboard flights to and from the United States, but few other carriers have shown an interest in arming pilots with non-lethal weapons, the Transportation Security Administration said yesterday.
US watchdog investigates brokers US regulators launch an inquiry into whether Wall Street's top brokers adopted trading practices which left clients out of pocket.
English Premiership round-up Chelsea #39;s drive to claim the club #39;s first English title in half a century gathered pace on Saturday as Newcastle were blown away by four memorable late goals at Stamford Bridge.
Colts outscore Vikes in 31-28 victory What #39;d you expect when the NFL #39;s two top-rated quarterbacks met on the same field as two of the league #39;s lowest-rated defenses?
NFL extends contracts with CBS, Fox for \$8b CBS and Fox yesterday announced an \$8 million rights extension with the National Football League that gives the networks the right to continue televising 
Consummate Bruin Bourque is enshrined among NHL #39;s finest For 22 years, Ray Bourque had been preparing for last night. As he played each game of his National Hockey League career, he wasn #39;t cognizant 
Palestinian leaders seek to visit Arafat Abu Mazen, Abu Ala and Nabil Shaath to meet French president, ministers in bid to see their ailing leader despite Suha Arafats refusal.
Boeing Probe Widens to  #36;100 Bln Contract (Reuters) Reuters - A criminal probe of Boeing Co.'s\dealings with the U.S. Air Force is widening to include a  #36;100\billion Army program it oversees, the Wall Street Journal\reported on Tuesday.
New lava dome grows inside Mount St. Helens A new lava dome inside Mount St. Helens #39; crater has sprouted a growth that extends upward nearly 330 feet, US Geological Survey officials said Saturday.
Billups excited to be going back to Denver His game hasnt tapered off at all coming off his MVP performance in the NBA Finals. After three games, he averaged 20 points, 7 assists and 6 rebounds and was leading 
Afghans Say to Kill UN Hostage if Demands Not Met (Reuters) Reuters - A Taliban splinter group holding three\U.N. workers hostage demanded a response to its demands from\the government and United Nations by Tuesday afternoon and said\it would kill one of the captives if they were not met.
Uribe, Chavez Have a Lot of Similarities (AP) AP - One is a center-right president and a close ally of the United States who is accused of being too soft on outlawed paramilitary groups. The other is a leftist president who allegedly favors Marxist rebels and openly criticizes U.S policy.
Criminals preying on Japanese quake victims, police warn (AFP) AFP - Criminals are exploiting the chaos caused by Japan's deadliest earthquake in a decade by stealing and defrauding vulnerable residents, particularly the elderly, police warned.
Novell, Microsoft settle row Novell Inc. of Waltham is getting a half-billion-dollar check from Microsoft Corp. to settle an antitrust case that #39;s never been filed.
GE sells 60 of pioneering India division The General Electric Co. said Monday it had sold a 60 percent stake in its pioneering back- office unit in India to two private equity firms for \$500 million.
Murdoch tries to hold off takeover Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp., the world #39;s fifth-largest media company and owner of the Fox broadcast network and Fox News Channel, adopted a plan to thwart any hostile takeover after John Malone #39;s Liberty Media Corp.
Moody #39;s May Cut Philippine Ratings on Budget Deficit (Update1) The Philippines may have its long-term debt ratings cut by Moody #39;s Investors Service, which cited the government #39;s budget deficit and debt.
H amp;R Block faces charge WASHINGTON -- US securities regulators have accused H amp;R Block Financial Advisors of fraud in selling customers some \$16 million US of Enron bonds in late 2001 as a safe investment when the energy-trading giant was imploding.
Warming hastens Arctic changes EDMONTON -- Global warming is happening twice as fast in the Arctic as anywhere else and could cause everything from the extinction of polar bears to the flooding of large parts of Florida, says a report released yesterday.
Web power to the people With the election over and the political signs coming down, Brandeis University freshman Jason Lustig plans to post fliers around campus this week for a new cause: the Firefox open source Web browser.
Russia successfully launches Soyuz 2-1A rocket RBC, 09.11.2004, Moscow 09:25:54.Russia has successfully launched a new model of booster rocket, the Soyuz-2-1A. The rocket blasted off at 9:30 pm from the Plesetsk launch pad carrying a satellite model.
Terror Charges In Van Gogh Slay An alleged Islamic radical accused of killing Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh will be tried on terrorism charges, prosecutors said Friday.
Tremour shook Taiwan A strong earthquake hit Taiwan on Monday, shaking buildings in the capital Taipei for several seconds. No casualties were reported.
Surgery sidelines NBA sharpshooter Lenard (AFP) AFP - One week into the National Basketball Association season, the season is over for Denver Nuggets guard Voshon Lenard.
State Department Counterterror Chief Quits (AP) AP - J. Cofer Black, the State Department official in charge of counterterrorism, is leaving government in the next few weeks.
Specter, Opponents Press Senate Leaders (AP) AP - Sen. Arlen Specter is working the phones and embarking on a media blitz in an attempt to cement his standing as future chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee in the face of demands from conservatives that he be passed over.
Summary Box: Congress Continuity (AP) AP - THE THREAT: More than three years after Sept. 11, Congress hasn't decided how it would respond to a disaster that kills or incapacitates many members.
Iran Says Can Mass Produce Medium-Range Missiles  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said on Tuesday it was now able to  manufacture large quantities of its medium-range Shahab-3  ballistic missile, which defense experts say is capable of  hitting Israel or U.S. bases in the Gulf.
U.S.-Led Forces Thrust Towards Central Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces thrust at least  one km (half a mile) into rebel-held Falluja on Tuesday and  were not far from the Iraqi city's heart, residents and an  Iraqi army officer said.
Mobile phones take over in India Indian mobile phone users outnumber fixed line customers for the first time, the country's telecoms regulator says.
BT Group to buy Infonet LONDON - BT Group, the British telecommunications company, said Monday that it #39;s buying US-based Infonet Services in a deal that values Infonet at \$965 million.
Euro soars as dollar nosedives THE dollar sell-off gained fresh momentum in latest trading with the greenback tumbling to its lowest level for nine years against the currencies of its main trading partners.
Drop in crude futures a trend, say analysts Crude futures prices fell yesterday, briefly sinking below \$49 US a barrel, as the US supply of oil grows and traders said institutional investors shifted their capital from commodities to equities.
Feds probing Merck Already reeling from the Vioxx recall, Merck said late yesterday it faces a criminal investigation by the Department of Justice and an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SocGen profit beats forecast Reuters, Paris, November 9 French bank Societe Generales third-quarter profit rose a forecast-beating 10 per cent on consumer banking growth, gains in investment banking, and a sharp fall in bad debt provisions, it said on Tuesday.
Salvation Army seeks volunteers The sounds of the holiday season are a joyous cacophony of loving banter, caroling and children #39;s laughter. Thanks to the classic film  quot;It #39;s a Wonderful Life, quot; everyone knows that every time a bell rings, an angel gets its wings.
Comcast deal gives Microsoft entry into cable TV Comcast is giving Microsoft something the software giant has struggled to get on its own: an easy way to expand from the desktop computer to the home-entertainment center.
NO OVITZ-SIGHT Disney #39;s board of directors didn #39;t get to see all the details of Michael Ovitz #39;s fat employment contract or the deal that let him walk away with a \$140 million severance 
Scientists warn Arctic is warming quickly Scientists say changes in the earth #39;s climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced 
The Novell Linux Desktop Novell Inc. has just announced details of its latest Linux offering for desktop computers. The software is to be known as the Novell Linux Desktop 9, hopefully to be shortened to NLD 9, and will be the first 
Big Blue named top computer again Big Blue has brought the title of the worlds fastest supercomputer back to the US for the first time in three years. IBMs still incomplete Blue Gene/L system has been officially named the fastest in the 
Textbook disclaimer on evolution in Ga. court A trial opened yesterday over whether a warning sticker in suburban Atlanta biology textbooks that says evolution is  quot;a theory, not a fact quot; violates 
Bluetooth Version 2.0 Enhanced Data Rate Announced The Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) today announced the adoption of Bluetooth Core Specification Version 2.0  EDR (Enhanced Data Rate).
Intel Updates Itanium Intel Corp. is adding to its current Itanium 2 processor line with six new processors that the company says deliver performance increases of 15 percent for database transaction processing and up to 35 percent 
Vocal biologist fired from wildlife agency The US Fish and Wildlife Service has fired a biologist who publicly accused the agency of using bad science to approve construction projects in panther habitat.
\$1 million bail for spammer LEESBURG, VA. -- Bail was set at \$1 million for a Raleigh man awaiting sentencing in the nation #39;s first felony prosecution of illegal distribution of spam.
Colts can #39;t win it all History says they cant do this. History says the Indianapolis Colts cant win a championship in a league where offense sells tickets and defense wins Super Bowls.
BRITISH PEOPLE HELPED ME WIN IN NEW YORK PAULA RADCLIFFE last night paid tribute to the  quot;incredible support quot; which helped her overcome her Olympic nightmare. Radcliffe fought back from her Athens heartbreak to win the New York Marathon 
RUUD RAGE ARSENE WENGER is preparing for outright confrontation with the FA over his right to call Ruud van Nistelrooy a cheat. Arsenal boss Wenger was charged with improper conduct by Soho Square for his comments after 
Report indicates Wannstedt out And it #39;s not often you hear a head coach asked for his response to all the  quot;vultures quot; who have shown up to witness his possible firing.
Robinson #39;s class act sweeps snobbery aside at last New England captain Jason Robinson is setting new standards. Sam Wheeler looks at the career of the state-educated Leeds-born former rugby league star Thirty-two years after Clive Sullivan led Great Britain 
Van Gundy paints offensive strategy MIAMI  Stan Van Gundy called his players together at the end of Monday #39;s practice and warned them about overlooking the obvious.
Violence flares in Ivory Coast ahead of presidential visit Joint patrols have begun in Ivory Coast #39;s commercial centre, Abidjan, in an attempt to maintain law and order after three days of disturbances.
US-Led Forces Thrust Towards Central Falluja US-led forces thrust at least one km (half a mile) into rebel-held Falluja on Tuesday and were not far from the Iraqi city #39;s heart, residents and an Iraqi army officer said.
13 killed in hospital car bomb AT least 13 people were killed and about 60 injured when a car bomb exploded outside the emergency unit of one of Baghdad #39;s main hospitals, medical officials said today.
After Arafat In his press conference last Thursday, President Bush said people who don #39;t believe in the applicability of democracy to the Arab world cannot really believe in a two-state solution to the Palestinian conflict with Israel.
US to enhance ties with Pakistan: Armitage Visiting US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said here on Tuesday that the United States will further enhance its relations with Pakistan.
Powell unhappy at Sudan #39;s Darfur camp relocations US Secretary of State Colin Powell voiced displeasure on Monday at Sudan #39;s movement of camps for people who fled their homes in Darfur.
Judge halts patent suits against Columbia A federal judge in Boston dismissed patent claims filed by large biotechnology companies against Columbia University that alleged the New York school was improperly trying to extend its rights to a process widely used to engineer new drugs.
Novell, Microsoft settle row Novell Inc. of Waltham is getting a half-billion-dollar check from Microsoft Corp. to settle an antitrust case that's never been filed.
Marsh ousts 2 top executives Two top executives of scandal-tarred insurance firm Marsh Inc. were ousted yesterday, the company said, the latest casualties of an industry probe by New York's attorney general.
McDonald's sales push its stock to 2-year high McDonald's Corp. yesterday reported another month of strong worldwide sales, sending its stock up modestly to its highest closing price in 2 years.
'Revenge' killing in S Thailand \A second Buddhist man is beheaded in Thailand's south in apparent revenge for the deaths of Muslim protesters.
Network fighting huge Janet fine TV network CBS fights the record \$500,000 fine imposed following Janet Jackson's breast-baring incident.
Ivory Coast loyalists in standoff ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast -- Thousands of government loyalists massed outside the home of the president yesterday, facing off against French armored vehicles in response to urgent appeals for a ''human shield quot; around the hard-line leader, amid fears of an overthrow.
22 rebels said killed, including key figure MOSCOW -- Chechen security forces killed 22 separatist rebels, including the alleged organizer of the assassination of the republic's president, a top republic official said yesterday, according to news reports. Deputy Prime Minister Ramzan Kadyrov was quoted as saying the rebels were killed in an operation in the Vedeno region, about 30 miles southeast of Grozny, the Chechen capital. The ...
Iraqi envoy backs raid on Fallujah UNITED NATIONS -- An assault on Fallujah was Iraq's ''least damaging choice quot; for providing security for civilians in the rebel-held city, Baghdad's UN ambassador said he told Secretary General Kofi Annan yesterday.
Iraqi called uncooperative CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. -- A Marine major implicated in the death of an Iraqi prisoner testified at his court-martial yesterday that he thought the prisoner was uncooperative.
Prosettlement party to quit Sharon government over pullout JERUSALEM -- A prosettlement party said yesterday that it plans to quit Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition government over his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank, further eroding his hold on power.
Resentment high on Arafat's wife RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Suha Daoud Tawil Arafat, 41, has been the focus of resentment and controversy among Palestinians for most of the time that she has been married to the founder and chief symbol of the Palestinian national movement.
Exemplary assistance The work of Bill Belichick's muted underlings was never more noticeable than during Sunday's 40-22 win over the St. Louis Rams, in these most challenging of times for these Patriots.
Things could heat up fast at Miami meetings Good things happened for Theo Epstein the last couple of years when baseball's general managers gathered for their annual meetings. In Tucson, Ariz., two years ago, he went from promoting Billy Beane as the next GM of the Red Sox to effectively landing the job himself. Then he used last year's meetings in Scottsdale, Ariz., as a springboard ...
Colts, Vanderjagt save best for last Peyton Manning provided the expected fireworks. Mike Vanderjagt's leg sealed the win for the Indianapolis Colts.
Wannstedt said set to resign Dave Wannstedt may have coached his last game for the Miami Dolphins. With his team at 1-8, Wannstedt is expected to resign today, according to reports late yesterday on The Miami Herald's website and two South Florida television stations. A third TV station, WTVJ, said Wannstedt already resigned.
Kovalev heading home Movement continues to take place among NHL players -- but it's not toward North American teams nor arenas.
His little pain means big gain He's not among the team leaders in points or minutes, two areas that Raef LaFrentz could well improve on as the NBA season moves along. But here's where he is undeniably at the top of the list for the Celtics: relief. He's playing, he's playing reasonably well ( quot;hot and cold, quot; according to coach Doc Rivers), and he's playing ...
Kansas, Tennessee top NCAA basketball polls Kansas often grabs a spot in the upper half of the Associated Press men's preseason college basketball poll, but the school hasn't been No. 1 since Wilt Chamberlain suited up for the Jayhawks in the 1950s.
Eagles, Mountaineers in a summit meeting Rich Rodriguez expects a tough, physical game -- as usual -- from Boston College, a team the West Virginia coach says has a defensive line with no weaknesses.
Framingham down, not out The Framingham boys' soccer team was without two of its best defensive players yesterday, but not without a commitment to playing strong team defense.
Today's schedule College hockey: MEN -- Worcester St. at Wentworth, 8 p.m.; WOMEN -- Rensselaer at MIT, 7 p.m.
For Marine, a case of glove love at first sight Laura Barrow has learned quite a bit in her 20 years. For example, when you step into a boxing ring, forget what they taught you in ballet class. Tonight, when the Marine lance corporal from Dallas takes on Beverly's Nicki Silveira in the first stop of the Great Northeast Tour at the Roxy, she will remember that lesson.
Phelps in hot water now Swimmer Michael Phelps , who won eight medals -- six of them gold -- at last summer's Olympics in Athens, was arrested last Thursday in Salisbury, Md., and charged with drunken driving. A trooper saw the 19-year-old go through a stop sign, state police said yesterday. The trooper saw signs of intoxication and arrested Phelps for driving under the influence. ...
Digital Gear: Slimming Down Systems and Users A sleek desktop debuts, along with VR-like games that help you exercise--and a robot that doesn't.
Iran Says Can Mass Produce Medium-Range Missiles (Reuters) Reuters - Iran said on Tuesday it was now able to\manufacture large quantities of its medium-range Shahab-3\ballistic missile, which defense experts say is capable of\hitting Israel or U.S. bases in the Gulf.
Nokia Releases Newest Version Of SSL VPN (TechWeb) TechWeb - New Secure Connector feature gives remote users secure network-level access, including access to business applications, data, and network services.
Novell wins windfall Microsoft settlement As software disputes go, Novell #39;s decade-long antitrust claim against Microsoft was particularly drawn out. That made the \$536 million payoff announced Monday especially sweet.
World Bank reports drop in poverty levels in East Asia, Pacific The World Bank says fewer people than ever are living in extreme poverty in East Asia and the Pacific due to economic growth of around seven per cent.
Guite defends use of fed slush funds Ad agencies were given federally financed slush funds in order to cut through red tape and speed up the awarding of grants, according to the former head of the federal sponsorship program.
Halo 2 Hits The Streets (Rochester, NY) 11/09/04 -- Workers in some Rochester-area toy and game stores worked late Monday night as fans of  quot;Halo 2 quot; lined up to buy a copy of the X-Box game that went on sale at midnight.
T #39;s CharlieCard #39; more than just a token effort Nearly a decade in the making, the MBTA is entering the homestretch of a new \$140 million fare collection system as officials yesterday unveiled the CharlieCard, #39; #39; a debit-type card to be used on the T in 2006.
Woods moves to No. 2 in world By wire services. Tiger Woods, who surrendered his record 264-week streak as the world #39;s top-ranked golfer to Vijay Singh in September, rose a place to No.
Ivory Coast loyalists fear leader #39;s overthrow ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast - A pro-government  quot;Jeune Patriote quot; militia supporter holds a sign in French which translates to  quot;We are ready to fight the rebellion quot; at a demonstration in Abidjan, Ivory Coast on Thursday, Nov.
Lithuanians held over fake euros Eleven Lithuanians are charged with masterminding what is believed to be Europe's biggest euro forgery operation.
Reaching out, Bush hews to stance When President Bush walked into Halifax #39;s Pier 21 on Wednesday, the stage was literally set for him to usher in a new era of partnership 
French Hospital Says Arafat's Condition Worsened  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's condition worsened  overnight and his coma has deepened, the French military  hospital caring for the Palestinian leader announced on  Tuesday.
Bomb Explosion in Nepal's Capital Wounds 38  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - A bomb tore through a government  office in the Nepali capital on Tuesday, wounding at least 38  people in an attack police suspect was carried out by Maoist  rebels.
Exit Shinui The moment after Shinui achieved its meteoric achievement of 15 Knesset seats, the question was: Can the party make the transition from a one-issue, one-election wonder to one of the top two national parties?
US top of supercomputing charts IBM's Blue Gene/L was  named the fastest supercomputer in the world on Monday, pushing Japan off the top of the list.
Players sought for \$1m tournament A Pop Idol type competition is being held to find UK gamers to take part in a \$1m tournament.
Young Wildcats receive the spanking on Initiation Day Initiation Day concluded with the older guys raising their arms to provoke adoration and the younger guys walking away, heads lowered, shirts and egos untucked.
Microsoft settles two big fights Microsoft agreed yesterday to pay more than \$500 million to settle a potential antitrust lawsuit by rival software maker Novell but will likely have to fight another part of Novell #39;s claim in court.
World Bank: Cambodia Economy to Slow Down Cambodia #39;s economy will slow down significantly next year due to losses in the garment sector - the country #39;s main economic engine - although gains in tourism may help offset the downward tumble, the World Bank said Tuesday.
Toshiba takes Hynix to task in patent clash Toshiba has accused Hynix of infringing its DRAM and Flash patents, and has begun legal proceedings against its South Korean rival in the US and Japanese courts.
Tasers OK #39;d for Korean airline A foreign airline has been given permission by the federal government to carry electronic Taser stun guns on some of its flights in the United States to protect against hijackings or other attacks.
Rose axes four M amp;S directors Stuart Rose today consolidated his authority at Marks  amp; Spencer as the ailing retailer announced a clear-out of top executives.
Marsh May Have to Cut Jobs as Earnings Decline, Investors Say Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., the US insurance broker accused of rigging bids and taking payoffs, #39; #39; may cut jobs to help mitigate a drop in earnings, investors said.
Fans Throng for First Crack at New Game 'Halo 2'  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - It takes a special kind of person  to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long  just to buy a video game -- but for rabid fans of the first  "Halo" on the Xbox video game console, it was well worth the  wait to buy the new "Halo 2."
ATI #39;s Radeon Xpress 200 chipset reviewed Intel may be struggling a bit with its processors right now, but the company smacked one out of the park with the introduction of its 900-series chipsets.
Student Finds New Species of Amphibian Vertebrate Paleontologist Amy C. Henrici of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh holds a stone fossil of a new genus and species of terrestrial adopted amphibian that lived in the Pennsylvanian Period, about 300 million years ago, Monday 
Firefox Browser, a Microsoft Rival, Fully Released The free Firefox Web browser, which has chipped away at the market dominance of Microsoft Corp. #39;s (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) Internet Explorer, has been readied for a full release including new features designed to make it more 
Fans throng for first shot at  quot;Halo 2 quot; game It takes a special kind of person to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long just to buy a video game -- but for rabid fans of the first  quot;Halo quot; on 
Bluetooth For Multi-Player Gaming? The Bluetooth Special Interest Group has unveiled a roadmap that outlines updates to the technology in performance, security, power optimization and usability.
Telecom Unveils its 3G Mobile The New Zealand based company, Telecom, launched its high-speed third-generation (3G) mobile broadband service and is expecting strong demand from businesses and consumers.
File-swapping case finds friends in court A broad list of copyright owners, artists, law professors and state attorneys general on Monday asked the US Supreme Court to hear a controversial case on the legality of file-swapping software.
Williams to trial 2005 hopefuls Anthony Davidson and Nick Heidfeld will test for Williams next month as the team bids to finalise their line-up for next season. Davidson, third driver with BAR in 2004, will take to the track at Jerez in 
\$8-billion deal for NFL, 2 networks CBS and Fox will continue to televise NFL games on Sunday afternoons through the 2011 season. The price tag for the six-year deal: \$8 billion, 25 percent and 30 percent higher than the previous eight-year contracts for the two networks.
Swim phenom sinking on DWI Olympic swimming sensation Michael Phelps was drowning in criticism from his coach and fans last night after being busted for drunken driving in Maryland.
Defending champions avoid second lost Defending champions Detroit Pistons avoided second lost in the first four games of new season as they narrowly defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 99-96 after two overtimes Monday in Los Angeles.
Hall ceremony special nonetheless Even with the NHL in the midst of a lockout, defensemen Ray Bourque, Paul Coffey, Larry Murphy and executive Cliff Fletcher were inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on Monday night.
Class of 2004 announced USA Track  amp; Field on Monday announced the inductees for the Class of 2004 for the National Track  amp; Field Hall of Fame. The inductees are modern athletes Jackie Joyner-Kersee, Michael Johnson, Joan Benoit Samuelson 
Arafat's Wife Attacks His Aides, Setting Off a Public Brawl An old feud between the wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and his senior advisers erupted into an extraordinary public brawl Monday after  Suha Arafat accused the aides of plotting against  her husband and they accused her of blocking access to the ailing leader and withholding information about his health.
Critics of Islam on edge after murder LONDON - For some writers who criticize Islam, bullet-proof glass, bodyguards, death threats and pseudonyms are a part of everyday life.
Palestinian leadership hinges on Arafat fortune: Israel Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom says any debate among Palestinians as to who will lead in the absence of the ailing Yasser Arafat is related to Mr Arafat #39;s personal fortune.
Iraqi envoy backs raid on Fallujah An assault on Fallujah was Iraq #39;s  quot;least damaging choice quot; for providing security for civilians in the rebel-held city, Baghdad #39;s UN ambassador 
Basayev associate killed in Vedeno operation GROZNY. Nov 9 (Interfax) - Guerrilla commander Rezvan Isayev, a close associate of Chechen separatist leader Shamil Basayev, is among the fighters killed in a recent large-scale operation in Chechnya #39;s Vedeno 
Train wreckage operation begins A painstaking operation to lift the mangled wreckage of the Berkshire train crash from the tracks has been taking place. The exact events surrounding the crash which killed seven people are still being investigated 
High Stakes in Vegas vs. Macau Glittery Las Vegas gambling has arrived in seedy Macau, promising new charms for China's inveterate players, and this former Portuguese colony may never be the same.
Brazilian Troops to Remain in Haiti Brazilian U.N. peacekeepers will remain in Haiti until presidential elections are held in that Caribbean nation sometime next year, President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Monday.
AOL to Be Split Into Four America Online Inc. Monday put new leaders in senior posts and revamped its corporate structure in a sweeping overhaul.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Microsoft Ends Disputes Company settled legal disputes Monday with two of its largest remaining antagonists in a move that will ensure its antitrust deal will not be appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Halo 2 Poised to Ring Up \$80M in Sales Video game is creating the kind of buzz usually reserved for a Hollywood opening of, say, "The Incredibles." &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Lockheed CEO Sees World  of Potential Named Lockheed's top executive in August, Robert J. Stevens presides over the biggest defense contractor in the world at a time of shifting military priorities and precarious defense budgets.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Brown seeks out global challenge Chancellor Gordon Brown tells the CBI his mission is to build a "shared national economic purpose".
Bomb Explosion in Nepal's Capital Wounds 38 (Reuters) Reuters - A bomb tore through a government\office in the Nepali capital on Tuesday, wounding at least 38\people in an attack police suspect was carried out by Maoist\rebels.
AOL to Be Split Into Four Units (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - America Online Inc. yesterday put new leaders in senior posts and revamped its corporate structure, undertaking a sweeping overhaul just one month before the company plans to slash costs by firing more than 700 employees.
Public hostility to Iraq war at record levels: poll (AFP) AFP - Public distaste with the Iraq war in Britain has hit its worst-ever level, with fewer than a third of people thinking it is the right thing, an opinion poll said.
Fans Throng for First Crack at New Game 'Halo 2' (Reuters) Reuters - It takes a special kind of person\to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long\just to buy a video game -- but for rabid fans of the first\"Halo" on the Xbox video game console, it was well worth the\wait to buy the new "Halo 2."
Ponting "dug his own grave", says controversial Test pitch curator (AFP) AFP - A former India captain who prepared the crumbling pitch for last week's Bombay Test against world champions Australia defended himself by passing the blame on touring skipper Ricky Ponting.
Summary: Student Finds New Amphibian (AP) AP - THE DISCOVERY: A University of Pittsburgh geology student on a field trip stumbles across the fossil of an oversized, salamander-like creature that lived about 300 million years ago.
Student Finds New Species of Amphibian (AP) AP - A freshman geology student on a field trip stumbled across the fossil of an oversized, salamander-like creature with vicious crocodile-like teeth that lived about 300 million years ago, paleontologists said.
Google Blazes Lonely IPO Trail Few experts who tried to predict how Google's much-antipated IPO would perform managed to get it right, and no firms have opted to follow its auction approach. By Joanna Glasner.
Toshiba Sues Hynix for Patent Infringement In the latest squabble over patents between Japanese and South Korean electronics giants, Toshiba has sued Hynix Semiconductor #39;s Japan and US units, alleging patent infringement in flash-memory 
WTO complaint filed against US, Canada The European Unions head office said Monday it had filed a complaint against the United States and Canada for failing to lift sanctions against the EU over its ban on imports of hormone-treated beef.
11 banks under review for possible ratings cut--Moody #39;s MOODY #39;S Investors Service said it had placed on review for possible downgrade the foreign currency long-term deposit ratings of 11 banks.
Target drops kettles from Salvation Army Target Corp. has banned Christmas kettle donations in front of its stores, costing the local Salvation Army fund drive about \$20,000 a year, the organization #39;s area commander said Monday in kicking off its annual holiday campaign.
Telkom Welcomes Black Consortium As Strategic Shareholder JOHANNESBURG (Dow Jones)--Telkom SA Ltd (TKG) said in a statement Tuesday it welcomes the sale of a 15.1 stake in the company to a black consortium.
RPT-CORRECTED-US #39; Al Gore starts sustainable growth firm In LONDON story of Nov. 8 (not Nov. 2) headlined  quot;US #39; Al Gore starts sustainable growth fund firm quot; please read in fifth paragraph ... Peter Knight, a former campaign manager ... instead of ... Peter Harris, a former campaign manager ... (corrects surname).
System X takes seventh place Virginia Tech #39;s  #39;System X #39; computer has fallen to seventh place in the Top500 supercomputer ratings, with G5 manufacturer, IBM, dominating the chart.
Mozilla Firefox 1.0 Released The Mozilla Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet, today announced the worldwide availability of the Mozilla Firefox 1.0 web browser.
AMD signs foundry for 64-bit CPU production AMD is to outsource AMD64 processor production - or at least a portion of it - the chip maker announced today. The move is one part of a larger deal struck with Singapore #39;s Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing 
Fish and Wildlife Service delays panther protection plan The US Fish and Wildlife Service has delayed the adoption of a plan designed to protect Florida panthers from encroaching development.
British hostility to the war deepens as another Black Watch &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE British publics opposition to the war in Iraq has risen to record levels amid signs that the continued violence could be a major factor in next years expected general election.
Baghdad Car Bombing Kills 13 People Outside Hospital, AFP Says At least 13 people were killed and 56 were injured when a car bomb exploded outside the emergency unit of one of Baghdad #39;s hospitals, Agence France-Presse reported, citing medical officials.
Ideas Stolen Right From Nature Nature is pretty good at solving engineering problems, so designers are increasingly turning to biomimetics to improve their products and ideas. By Rowan Hooper.
Stop Trying to Persuade Us A PBS documentary makes the case that Americans have tuned out marketers pitching everything from cars to candidates. The result: even more crass attempts to get through, and a fragmentation of American society. By Jason Silverman.
The Great Southwest Salt Saga How an accidental oasis in the Mexican desert sank Arizona's \$250 million desalination plant. A case study in the law of unintended consequences. By Jeff Howe from Wired magazine.
Everything Is Green at This Fair San Francisco's Green Festival is a cornucopia of environmentally conscious products and services, displaying everything from a corn-based disposable printer to hemp bars. Daniel Terdiman reports from San Francisco.
Life-or-Death Question: How Supernovas Happen Lately, supernovas have become signal events in the life of the cosmos, as told by modern science.
Long After Kinsey, Only the Brave Study Sex Scientists say one thing has remained constant since Dr. Alfred C. Kinsey's work: Americans' ambivalence about the study of sexuality.
Germs, Germs Everywhere. Are You Worried? Get Over It. The fantasy of a germ-free home is not only absurd, but it is also largely pointless.
A Melting Glacier in Tibet Serves as an Example and a Warning Compelling evidence from a remote glacier suggests "drastic climate change," according to scientists.
Japanese carrier KDDI to tie up with BT on data communications (AFP) AFP - Japan's number two telecoms operator KDDI said it had agreed with major British carrier BT to join hands on international data communications services for corporate clients.
A Diabetes Researcher Forges Her Own Path to a Cure Dr. Denise Faustman, who has cured diabetes in mice, thinks she has a shot at curing it in humans.
Key cable TV deal for Microsoft US pay TV firm Comcast is set to roll out set-top boxes featuring Microsoft software, in a crucial test for Microsoft's cable TV ambitions.
News Corp. plans poison pill to thwart Liberty WASHINGTON - Two of the world #39;s media titans may be getting set to square off in a clash that will have a wide impact across the industry.
Update 8: Crude Futures Change Little Crude futures rose Tuesday as traders awaited US oil inventory data, and analysts said the market fundamentals were pointing to higher prices in the coming weeks.
Schwab ex-CEO to get almost \$10M SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Charles Schwab Corp. is paying David Pottruck, ousted as chief executive officer in July, a lump-sum payment of \$6.
Telkom welcomes BEE deal, shares soar Following Monday #39;s announcement that a black economic empowerment (BEE) consortium had concluded an agreement to acquire the remaining 15.
DeKalb wins new Target center Target Corp. Monday said it plans to build a regional distribution center in DeKalb - its first in Illinois - and employ up to 1,000 workers thanks to a \$9.
UK firms 'embracing e-commerce' A minister hails progress on e-commerce after a study suggests UK firms are the third most sophisticated users of IT.
Blue Gene quits ivory tower Fresh from setting a supercomputer performance record, IBM has announced it will make a commercial version of its Blue Gene system available for businesses and scientific researchers.
New game  #39;will blow past anything Hollywood has #39; Microsoft #39;s Halo 2 video game launched in stores across Canada at midnight this morning, its accompanying media frenzy and record-breaking sales confirming blockbuster games are becoming as profitable -- and as culturally important -- as first-run movies.
P2Pers ask Supreme Court to reject RIAA ban request StreamCast has formally asked the US Supreme Court to reject the request made by the Motion Picture Ass. of America (MPAA) and Recording Industry Ass.
Spansion maps out future for 8Gbit memory parts Spansion, the flash memory joint venture between AMD and Fujitsu has laid out its plans to develop 8Gbit memory parts based on 65nm lithography.
Supercomputing Windows skips Itanium 2 Microsoft will support only x86 processors with 64-bit extensions when it releases a special version of Windows Server for high-performance computing next year, leaving support for Intel #39;s Itanium 2 chip to a later, unspecified date.
The Music Mess: Advantage, Microsoft Imagine buying a CD at Best Buy (BBY ) only to discover that it won #39;t work on the CD player you bought at Circuit City (CC ). Absurd as it sounds, this sort of situation is the rule rather than the exception in the world of legally downloaded music.
Colts Finish One Stride Ahead of the Vikings Two minutes 50 seconds on the clock. Tie game. The ball in Peyton Manning #39;s hands. Is there really any question? Manning led the Colts down the field, and Mike Vanderjagt 
Sales of 'Shrek 2' DVD seeing green, possibly sinking 'Nemo' (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The big green ogre may be about to reclaim his DVD sales crown from that little orange clown fish. Already the top-grossing movie of 2004, Shrek 2  is now the biggest DVD of the year after just the first three days of sales.
He's jazzed up over Couric (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - "You should see me blushing right now," says Chris Botti, speaking on his cell phone from Germany. That's because the jazz trumpeter, 42, is being pressed - gently, of course - to talk about new squeeze Katie Couric.
Two Afghan hostages phone home KABUL, Afghanistan - Two of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan have called home to say they are OK, officials and relatives said Tuesday, and one hostage said she expected to be released soon.
Another Buddhist killed in  #39;revenge attack #39; Thailand - Unknown assailants on Tuesday beheaded a 60-year-old Buddhist plantation worker in the southern province of Narathiwat in an act of revenge for 87 Muslims slain in a government crackdown there in October.
Kidnapped UN hostages call home KABUL - Two of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan telephoned home to say they are OK and one expressed hope she soon would be free, officials and relatives said Tuesday.
Russian Troops Kill 22 Rebels in Chechnya Operation  Kadyrov At least 22 Chechen rebels were killed by Russian troops in the separatist republic, including a man officials say was linked to the assassination of Chechnya s pro-Moscow president Akhmad Kadyrov.
 #39;LoC fencing by India would complete in March 2005 #39; SRINAGAR: Illegal fencing by India of Line of Control in Kashmir has been going in violation of agreements and most of the projected work is reportedly nearing completion.
Stocks Look to Open Lower; Cisco Awaited  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly lower open on Tuesday as investors stay cautious after  last week's three-day rally and await results from networking  gear maker Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; which will set the  direction for technology stocks.
Chunghwa Telecom earnings ahead of forecast (AFP) AFP - Taiwan's leading telecom operator, Chunghwa Telecom, said it had a net profit of 43.45 billion Taiwan dollars (1.32 billion US) in the 10 months to October or 4.0 percent ahead of its full year target of 41.58 billion dollars.
Dlr Regains Poise After ZEW Slump  LONDON (Reuters) - News German investor confidence had  plunged to its lowest level in almost 2 years gave the dollar  much needed support on Tuesday and European shares eased from  6-month highs after a mixed bag of earnings results.
Dollar Steers Clear of Record Low Vs Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar on Tuesday held almost a cent  above its record low against the euro, winning respite from  recent heavy selling ahead of U.S. trade data and an expected  rise in U.S. interest rates on Wednesday.
Dutch film maker to be cremated The funeral is expected to take place on Tuesday of the Dutch film maker, Theo van Gogh, who was shot and stabbed to death in Amsterdam a week ago.
Bomb Explosion in Nepal #39;s Capital Wounds 38 A bomb tore through a government office in the Nepali capital on Tuesday, wounding at least 38 people in an attack police suspect was carried out by Maoist rebels.
Bottom-Dwelling Marine Life Found in Ga. (AP) AP - Researchers working off coastal Georgia have discovered what could be three new species of bottom-dwelling creatures known as sea squirts.
Major Brokerages' Trades Investigated NEW YORK, Nov. 8 -- The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating whether more than a dozen big brokerage firms failed to execute certain trades at the best possible prices for individual investors, sources familiar with the probe said.
NASD Files Charges Against H R Block The NASD yesterday lodged fraud charges against H R Block Financial Advisors Inc. for selling \$16.4 million of Enron Corp. bonds to investors without warning of risks, shortly before the energy trading company filed for bankruptcy protection.
Firefox browser takes on Microsoft Few people get excited when some new software is released, especially when the program is not a game or a music or movie player. But the release of the first full version of a web browser called Firefox has 
Pleat casts doubt over foreigners David Pleat says Tottenham #39;s managerial problems have been caused by too many foreign coaches at White Hart Lane. The former Spurs manager told BBC Five Live:  quot;To understand how the game works in this country 
Eagles pay for inability to stop run Thirteen points in the last two games... not much of an onslaught from offensive savior Terrell Owens and his mates. Yet, with that influx of talent in 
Vancouver Sun Jason Bay proved this past baseball season he could consistently hit a major league curveball. On Monday, the Trail native proved he can also handle a soft-lobbed verbal knuckleball with suitable diplomacy.
Defense Lawyers Say Rapport with Milosevic Ruined  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The lawyers appointed to defend  Slobodan Milosevic in his war crimes trial renewed their plea  on Tuesday to be allowed to withdraw from the case, saying  their relationship with the defendant had been irreparably  damaged.
Mio 8390 smart phone &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg review&lt;/cite&gt;&lt;/strong&gt; Windows Mobile 2003 in a clamshell
MS - NHS tie up unsettles &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; And a job offer for the brainiest woman
The definitive guide to PHP Power Programming &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on 1000's of titles!
P2Pers ask Supreme Court to reject RIAA ban request District Court, appeal court rulings clear enough
Firefox browser takes on Microsoft Microsoft's popular Internet Explorer has a serious rival in the Firefox browser.
E-university's record 'abysmal' The failure of the UK's e-university was blamed on weak marketing by the higher education minister.
Slowdown Forces Many To Wander for Work Information technology workers face rising unemployment and are having mobility thrust upon them as companies change the way they staff computer-related jobs.
E-Mail Firms Seek Spam Solution Representatives from America's largest e-mail companies will meet in Washington today and Wednesday to look for a way to reduce the amount of "spam" clogging the nation's e-mail accounts, but experts said a concrete solution remains months or even years away. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
'Phishing' on the Rise, But Don't Take the Bait Jan Boldt can hardly believe the number of fake e-mail warnings she receives almost daily from crooks impersonating the security divisions at eBay, AOL, PayPal and other businesses. She usually deletes them without even looking.
Polar people 'will need to adapt' The indigenous peoples of the Arctic are told their culture will be threatened by climate warming.
UK: M amp;S reports lower profit, reshuffles management UK food and clothing retailer Marks  amp; Spencer has reported lower profits for the first half, and announced management changes as it tries to turn around its business.
Ad:tech Celebrates Industry Revival NEW YORK -- Online advertising executives celebrated the rejuvenation of their industry from its dormancy following the dot-com bust, yet warned that marketers need to tread carefully in how they communicate with consumers.
Firefox browser fully released The free Firefox Web browser, which has chipped away at the market dominance of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer, has been readied for a full release including new features designed to make it more stable, backers of the program say.
How big is  #39;Halo 2 #39;? Xbox game could make \$75 million in 24 hours, give Grand Theft Auto a run for its money. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - How big is  quot;Halo 2 quot;?
Summary: Yasser Arafat in a Coma (AP) AP - HEALTH STATUS: Yasser Arafat is in a coma and his condition worsened overnight. Hospital spokesman Gen. Christian Estripeau did not issue a prognosis but suggested the chances of a recovery were poor.
Powerful bomb injures 32 civilians in Kathmandu (AFP) AFP - A powerful bomb planted by suspected Maoist rebels exploded in a brand new government office block in the centre of the Nepalese capital Kathmandu, injuring 32 people, police said.
Palestinian Delegation to Visit Comatose Arafat  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat slipped deeper into a coma  overnight and his health worsened, a doctor treating him said  on Tuesday before Palestinian officials arrived at a French  military hospital for a visit Arafat's wife adamantly opposed.
U.S.-Led Forces Reach Central Falluja-U.S. Source  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces punched to the heart  of Falluja on Tuesday after fierce fighting with guerrillas in  Iraq's most rebellious city, a U.S. military source said.
SEC Considers Suing Ex-Lucent Officers Lucent Technologies, the nation #39;s biggest telecommunications equipment maker, said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission was considering suing three former executives over possible 
Christmas assistance Families who are approved will receive a Christmas food box and gifts for their children through the Angel Tree program. Those applying need to appear in person at The Salvation Army, 200 E. Ninth in Shawnee.
The new browser on the block Imagine if everyone watched television using the same set, listened to the radio using the same audio system or surfed the Web using the same browser.
IBM regains No.1 supercomputer rank Blue Gene L leads the group followed by SGI #39;s NASA installation and NEC #39;s Earth Simulator Center in the third position. NEW YORK: IBM, the world #39;s biggest computer maker, has regained its position at the head 
Two-year Bluetooth roadmap laid out Bluetooth short range wireless connectivity is to receive a number of upgrades over the next two years, according to the body that controls development of the technology.
James Lawton: Only Beijing can bury agony for Radcliffe Paula Radcliffe got so many things right in New York. In winning another marathon she achieved all of her goals except the one that was beyond her.
EU, India sign strategic partnership deal New Delhi (VNA) - India and the European Union on Monday signed a  quot;strategic partnership deal #39; #39; aimed at tightening economic and political ties.
Dining with the dolphin hunters Paul Kenyon confronts the drive hunt fishermen of Taiji in Japan and the intermediaries who sell the animals to dolphinariums.
Can IT fuel clean energy technologies? With crude hovering near \$50 a barrel, Nicholas Parker heads a VC group seeking out investments in "clean" technologies.
Photos: Invasion of "Half-Life 2" Screen shots of the video game show tripods towering over crumbling cities.
Crude Oil Little Changed as US Inventory Gain Expected Crude oil was little changed in London after falling 12 percent from a record two weeks ago as rising US inventories, steady imports and mild temperatures generated optimism refiners will make enough heating oil for the winter.
Dollar Steers Clear of Record Low Vs Euro The dollar on Tuesday held almost a cent above its record low against the euro, winning respite from recent heavy selling ahead of US trade data and an expected rise in US interest rates on Wednesday.
Case centers on Saudi Arabia bribery investigation SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The former chairman of Lucent Technologies and two other past employees likely will face civil enforcement actions by the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with a bribery investigation in Saudi Arabia, the company 
Computer gaming #39;s Steam-powered war For weeks now, bits and pieces of Valve Software #39;s  quot;Half-Life 2, quot; one of the year #39;s most hotly anticipated computer games, have been trickling onto nearly 2 million computers around the world.
Tennessee, Kansas Begin At No. 1 Pat Summitt #39;s team took the No. 1 spot in The Associated Press #39; preseason women #39;s basketball poll Monday, the 11th time it has started the season atop the rankings - and first since 1998.
Mbeki tries to restore calm in Ivory Coast ABIDJAN, IVORY COAST - South Africa #39;s president flew to Ivory Coast to try to quell the violence between government forces, French troops and civilians that has wounded more than 600 and killed at least 20.
UN Panel Begins Probe of Genocide Claims in Sudan A United Nations team has arrived in Sudan to study if genocide has occurred in the western Darfur region, where fighting has displaced more than 1.5 million people.
Officials Attempt to Visit Comatose Arafat Yasser Arafat is in a coma and his condition worsened overnight, a hospital spokesman said Tuesday, as Palestinian officials sought to visit their critically ill leader over his wife's angry objections.
EU Threatens to Go It Alone on Nuclear Fusion (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union warned on\Tuesday it may go ahead and build the world's first nuclear\fusion reactor with whatever partners it can find if there is\no global deal to put the project in France at talks in Vienna.
EU Threatens to Go It Alone on Nuclear Fusion  BRUSSELS/VIENNA (Reuters) - The European Union warned on  Tuesday it may go ahead and build the world's first nuclear  fusion reactor with whatever partners it can find if there is  no global deal to put the project in France at talks in Vienna.
China in for Extreme Weather as Climate Change Felt (Reuters) Reuters - China can expect more droughts, floods\and other extreme weather as it struggles to balance rapid\development with environmental concerns, a report on climate\change released on Tuesday said.
Pakistan Wins U.S. Praise Over Afghan Vote  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official commended  Pakistan on Tuesday for its help in ensuring the success of  last month's Afghan election and said the United States wanted  to accelerate and broaden its cooperation with Pakistan.
Australian Farm Group Announces Research (AP) AP - Farmers said Tuesday they are investigating alternatives to slicing flesh from live sheep to prevent them from becoming infested with flies, after animal advocates urged a boycott of Australian wool to protest the "grossly inhumane" practice.
Anthrax Kills Nearly 200 Hippos in Uganda (AP) AP - An anthrax outbreak has killed 194 hippos in western Uganda, wildlife officials said Tuesday, and scientists are struggling to develop a way to quickly diagnose and contain the disease.
Microsoft to end antitrust issue Microsoft will pay as much as \$500 million as a part of settlement of the antitrust lawsuit that may be filed by rival software maker Novell, the company said Monday, within an attempt to end its antitrust fight.
Update 11: EU Head Office Backs ECB Warning on Euro The European Union #39;s head office on Tuesday echoed comments by the European Central Bank chief, warning that  quot;excessive volatility quot; of the euro #39;s exchange rate against the US dollar could damage economic growth in Europe.
US Rejects EU That Hormone-Treated Beef Ban Is Justified The US Trade Representative on Monday rejected the European Union #39;s assertion that its ban on beef from hormone-treated cattle is now justified by science and that US and Canadian retaliatory sanctions should be lifted.
GE plans sale of outsource business General Electric Co. said Monday it will sell 60 percent of GE Capital International Services, its global outsourcing business, to General Atlantic Partners and Oak Hill Capital Partners, two US-based equity firms, for \$500 million.
EchoStar Posts Profit, Adds Subscribers EchoStar Communications Corp. (DISH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose on an aggressive campaign to add more new subscribers.
British Bank Shifting 1,000 Jobs to India Banking group Lloyds TSB said Tuesday it will transfer about 1,000 British jobs to India by the end of next year. The group will transfer jobs in its information technology and group operations departments 
Lucent Reaches Tentative Deal with Unions Lucent Technologies Inc. said on Tuesday it has reached a tentative agreement with the unions representing 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment maker #39;s work force.
Trade gap shrinks as UK exports surge ahead BRITAINS trade gap with the rest of the world narrowed unexpectedly in September as goods exports surged to their highest level in more than two years, official data revealed today.
Arafat Worsens as Tension Grows Between Wife and Political Heirs Yasir Arafat's wife, Suha, has used French privacy laws to keep the state of her husband's health a mystery to the world.
Novell Launches its First Branded Linux Desktop 9 Novell has announced its latest Linux offering for desktop computers. Christened the Novell Linux Desktop 9, the software will be the first  quot;Novell branded quot; Linux desktop offering supplied by the company following 
IBMs Blue Gene/L is the Fastest Supercomputer in the World IBM has brought the title of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer back to the United States for the first time in three years... IBM #39;s still incomplete Blue Gene/L system was officially named the fastest in the 
Mozilla: The next Internet Explorer? At the Office of Information Technology computing cluster in Perkins Library, junior Alexandra Oliveira was among the many students browsing the Internet.
Firefox browser available today Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox browser will be available for free download today after 19 months of development, news.com reports.
Parakeets long gone, but DNA makes some wonder EXTINCT BIRD: The last unconfirmed siting of a Carolina parakeet was in 1933. Pretty much all that remains of the bird are in books and its egg shells in museums.
Intel tops out server range with data-crunching Itanium chips Intel has updated its heavy-duty Itanium 2 server range to include chips with 9MB of cache and clock speeds of 1.6GHz. The new processors comprise 1.6GHz chips with 9, 6 and 3 MB of L3 cache (two models, with 
China homespun 3G unravels in trials The future of Chinese 3G technology and how it is licensed by the government is in doubt today after it failed a five month trial.
Beckham takes football movie role Footballer David Beckham will take his first major acting role in movie Goal!, in which he will play himself. Directed by Judge Dredd film-maker Danny Cannon, Goal!
Steelers won #39;t get too giddy They have dispatched the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles to stake a claim as the NFL #39;s top team. Now the Pittsburgh Steelers could become the team everybody wants to beat.
How young Hughes impressed Saint When Bill Shankly signed this young lad from Blackpool, we couldn #39;t believe the energy this boy had, he was always in the front of the queue at training.
Oklahoma Strenghens Number Two Spot In BCS Poll It #39;s still a USC/Oklahoma one two punch in the latest Bowl Championship Series poll. In fact, Oklahoma strengthened its lead over third place Auburn in this week #39;s BCS poll; the Tigers were idle last week and have a huge game this week with Georgia.
Mbeki in African Union bid to halt new Ivory Coast clashes ABIDJAN (AFP) - South African President Thabo Mbeki was to meet his Ivory Coast counterpart Laurent Gbagbo, hoping to ease tensions after a weekend of violence that has evoked fears of a return to the conflict that has split the west African state for two 
Kathmandu bomb injures 12 At least a dozen people were injured Tuesday when a powerful bomb went off in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu. Police attributed the blast to Maoist rebels who have waged an eight-year insurgency in the Himalayan state.
Berlin marks anniversary of Wall #39;s fall Subdued observations were held in Berlin Tuesday to mark the 15th anniversary of the tearing down of the Cold War-era Berlin Wall.
New browser takes on Microsoft Microsoft's popular Internet Explorer has a serious rival in the Firefox browser.
ADV: Get a Great Deal on a Home Loan More lenders, more options, more solutions. America #39;s Lending Partners can get you a great deal on home loans. Fill out one form and you #39;ll get up to 4 great offers from prominent lenders nationwide.
Stealing movies: Why the MPAA can afford to relax &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Spinning the exploitation cycle
May Dept. Posts Lower Profit, Sales Fall (Reuters) Reuters - May Department Stores Co. ,\parent of Lord   Taylor and David's Bridal retail chains, on\Tuesday posted a lower quarterly profit on disappointing sales\of dresses and home furnishings.
Marsh   McLennan to Lay Off 3,000 Workers Embattled insurance brokerage Marsh   McLennan Companies Inc. said Tuesday that it will lay off 3,000 employees, or about 5 percent of its work force, as it struggles to deal with the fallout from a bid-rigging probe by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
UK oil balance moves into deficit The UK's oil trade balance sank into the red for the first time in 13 years in September, official figures show.
Race on to Build Fiber Optic Networks - Alvarion  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Broadband services using fiber optic  networks are expected to grow in the coming years with the race  now on among companies to develop this technology, the chairman  of Israel's Alvarion Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ALVR.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;ALVR.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday.
Court Urged to Hear File-Sharing Case A disparate group made up of dozens of state attorneys general, labor unions, retailers, professional sports leagues and others urged the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday to hear a claim brought by the recording and film industries against two Internet file-sharing firms.
Convicted Spammer's Bail Set at  #36;1M (AP) AP - Bail was set at  #36;1 million Monday for a North Carolina man awaiting sentencing in the nation's first felony prosecution of illegal distribution of junk e-mail, or spam.
Euro reaches new high against the US dollar The euro surged to an all-time high of \$1.2987 yesterday, putting pressure on Europe #39;s largely export-driven economic recovery and prompting European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet 
EchoStar Earnings Nearly Triple in 3Q ENGLEWOOD, Colo. - Satellite TV giant EchoStar Communications Corp. on Tuesday reported its third-quarter earnings nearly tripled as the parent company of Dish Network, the nation #39;s second largest satelite TV service, added about 350,000 new subscribers.
Stocks Seen Slightly Lower; Merck Down US stock futures pointed to a slightly lower open on Tuesday as investors take a step back after last week #39;s three-day rally, with shares of drug maker Merck  amp; Co.
Race on to Build Fiber Optic Networks - Alvarion (Reuters) Reuters - Broadband services using fiber optic\networks are expected to grow in the coming years with the race\now on among companies to develop this technology, the chairman\of Israel's Alvarion Ltd.  said on Tuesday.
Microsoft offers governments sharing tools As part of its ongoing efforts to woo public sector customers, Microsoft Corp. has begun giving governments tools for collaborating and sharing technology information with other organizations so that they can learn from each other's experiences and cut development costs.
Mozilla Launches Firefox 1 Mozilla Firefox 1.0 has launched following a two-month preview that drew 8 million downloads of the alternative Web browser. ADVERTISEMENT.
Intel Rolls Out Single-Core  #39;Madison #39; Chips Intel Corp. is refreshing its 64-bit Itanium 2 processor line with six new chips based on the Madison core. The new processors represent the last single-core Itanium chips that the Santa Clara, Calif.
Modernized version of Soyuz rocket launched An updated version of Russia #39;s venerable Soyuz rocket took its first flight Monday, placing a dummy satellite into orbit during a successful qualification launch.
Mac-based supercomputer drops to 7th place on Top500 (MacCentral) MacCentral - With performance almost double that of the Earth Simulator, in Yokohama, Japan, IBM Corp.'s Blue Gene/L on Monday was officially ranked first on the Top500 list of the world's fastest supercomputers. IBM built four of the top ten machines on the biannual list, which was set to be announced Monday evening at the SC2004 conference in Pittsburgh. Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University reappeared on the list, finishing in seventh position five months after dropping off the June list because of a hardware upgrade to Apple Computer Inc.'s Xserve systems. ...
Emlyn Hughes factfile Born August 28 in Barrow-in-Furness, the son of former Barrow and England rugby league player Fred Hughes. After just 31 league and cup appearances for the Seasiders, signed by Liverpool manager Bill Shankly for 65,000, aged just 19.
Take it to the bank -- It #39;s USC, Sooners College football #39;s goofy formula for selecting the finalists for the national championship game on Jan. 4 is clicking about as well as the University of Washington #39;s offense, right?
Sri Lanka keeper calls it a day The 34-year-old decided to quit after being left out of the training squad for next month #39;s tour to New Zealand. He played 49 Tests and 189 one-day games, including the 1996 World Cup final when Sri Lanka beat Australia.
Marsh   McLennan to Cut 3,000 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, at the  center of a bid-rigging scandal rocking the insurance industry,  on Tuesday said it will cut 3,000 jobs and said third-quarter  profit fell 94 percent as it set aside money for legal and  regulatory expenses.
Armitage talks India with Pakistan ISLAMABAD: US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage told Pakistani officials on Tuesday that Washington wants closer ties with the Muslim nation, a key ally in the US war on terrorism, officials said.
Microsoft to skip Itanium with supercomputing Windows Microsoft Corp. will support only x86 processors with 64-bit extensions when it releases a special version of Windows Server for high performance computing (HPC) next year, leaving support for Intel Corp.'s Itanium 2 for a later, undefined date.
Update: Toshiba sues Hynix on memory patents Japan's Toshiba Corp. filed patent infringement lawsuits in Japanese and U.S. courts on Monday against South Korea's Hynix Semiconductor Inc., it said Tuesday.
Intel: Volume shipments of Montecito expected in 2006 Montecito, the first dual-core processor based on Intel Corp.'s Itanium 2 architecture, will not begin shipping in volume until 2006, company executives revealed during a conference call with the press Monday.
Before the Bell: Merck Fall, Sears Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; fell  about 3 percent before the bell on Tuesday after the drug maker  said federal authorities are investigating circumstances  surrounding its withdrawal of pain-relief medicine Vioxx.
May Dept. Posts Lower Profit, Sales Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - May Department Stores Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MAY.N&lt;/A&gt;,  parent of Lord   Taylor and David's Bridal retail chains, on  Tuesday posted a lower quarterly profit on disappointing sales  of dresses and home furnishings.
Music Surprises to Boost Vivendi Revenues  PARIS (Reuters) - A second consecutive quarter of surprise  growth at Universal Music helped boost revenues at French media  group Vivendi Universal, but future sales at the unit, home to  Nelly and U2, remained uncertain.
Lucent Reaches Tentative Deal with Unions  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Lucent Technologies Inc. said on  Tuesday it has reached a tentative agreement with the unions  representing 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment  maker's work force.
Cablevision Posts Narrower Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cablevision Systems Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CVC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday posted a smaller third-quarter net loss as revenue rose  20 percent..
Two Palestinians killed in Gaza Israeli troops shoot two Palestinians who entered a closed military area in Gaza, near the Israeli border.
Sales Help Narrow Loss for Sotheby's (Reuters) Reuters - International auctioneers Sotheby's\Holdings Inc.  on Tuesday said its third-quarter loss\narrowed slightly on higher sales.
Marks  amp; Spencer Announces Shakeup Troubled British retailer Marks  amp; Spencer Group PLC announced a management shakeup Tuesday as it reported lower profits in the six months ending Oct. 2. Chief executive Stuart Rose, who recently fought off 
UPDATE 2-Marsh  amp; McLennan to cut 3,000 jobs as profit sinks Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , at the center of a bid-rigging scandal rocking the insurance industry, on Tuesday said it will cut 3,000 jobs and said 
Halo sequel delivers on the hype Halo 2 has the feel of an instant classic, with addictive gameplay and impressive graphics.
East Germany Becoming a Retro Utopia 15 Years On The yellowing linoleum and faded wallpaper in the former prison of the East German secret police would be ultra hip in any German bar.
Dozens casualties in Nepal bomb explosion A heavy bomb exploded near a government office in the Nepal capital, wounding at least 38 people. According to the police three men left a bomb on the first floor of the office of the Employees Provident Fund.
Euro stops short of 1.30 dollars as officials raise rhetoric LONDON (AFP) - The euro wavered after failing to pierce the symbolic 1.30-dollar threshold, as eurozone officials expressed disquiet at the currency #39;s rise to record highs against the greenback.
Polar people  #39;will need to adapt #39; The four million inhabitants of the Arctic will have to change their way of life if warming trends in the region continue apace, leaders have warned.
Freeney finishes with 3 tackles, 2 sacks Maybe it #39;s true, as the old adage suggests, that the best revenge is living well. Just don #39;t try convincing Indianapolis Colts standout defensive end Dwight Freeney that 
Slain Dutch filmmaker is cremated AMSTERDAM, Netherlands Mourners in the Netherlands have gathered for the cremation of a Dutch filmmaker allegedly slain by a Muslim extremist.
Rebels Kill 45 in Attacks in Iraq #39;s Baquba Insurgent attacks and clashes killed 45 people in the Iraqi city of Baquba on Tuesday, a hospital morgue official said. Guerrillas attacked three police stations and a river bridge 
Musharraf #39;s options on J amp;K forward thinking: Armitage Terming Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s recent formulation to resolve the Kashmir issue as a  quot;very forward thinking, quot; US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage today said he was  quot;very much interested quot; in the proposals.
Liverpool legend Emlyn Hughes dies (AFP) AFP - Former England and Liverpool captain Emlyn Hughes has died from a brain tumour aged 57.
U.S. Wholesale Inventories Up 0.5 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Inventories at U.S. wholesalers rose\a slightly-less-than-expected 0.5 percent in September as\stocks of automotive goods declined, a government report showed\on Tuesday.
Alou Leads Major Leaguers to Win in Japan (AP) AP - Moises Alou drove in a pair of runs with a bases-loaded single in the first inning to lead his major league teammates to a 7-2 win Tuesday over the Japanese All-Stars in Game 4 of an eight-game exhibition series.
Sanofi Weight Loss Drug Effective in 2-Year Study (Reuters) Reuters - An experimental Sanofi-Aventis diet\drug helped people lose much more weight than a placebo in an\eagerly anticipated two-year trial, researchers said on\Tuesday.
Microsoft settles disputes SEATTLE -- Microsoft on Monday took another big step toward putting most of its legal challenges in the rearview mirror. The world #39;s largest software maker said it will pay rival software maker Novell a \$536 
Liberty Media Profit Rises on QVC Liberty Media Corp. (LN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted an eight-fold gain in quarterly net profit following the purchase of a majority stake in shopping network QVC and a large gain on the sale of assets.
WB says costly oil to slash RP economic growth by 1 HIGH oil prices will slash the countrys economic growth by as much as 1 percent next year, the World Bank said Tuesday. In its latest East Asia Regional Economic Update 
Marsh #39;s Dismissal of Egan Was  #39;Unexpected #39; Prudential Equity Group said yesterday #39;s dismissal of Roger Egan was a surprise because Marsh  amp; McLennan (nyse: MMC - news - people ) had previously indicated in October that Egan would remain in his position.
To cut 75 percent of division in New York, 50 in London LONDON (CBS.MW) - Commerzbank AG, Germany #39;s third largest bank by market value, unveiled plans on Tuesday to cut jobs and scale back its unprofitable investment banking division.
Abercrombie  amp; Fitch Posts Fall in Profit Youth-oriented retailer Abercrombie  amp; Fitch Co. (ANF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted an unexpected fall in quarterly profit as it struggles to boost sales, and said it remained cautious for the rest of the year.
Anheuser Busch Reaffirms Outlook Anheuser-Busch Cos. on Tuesday reaffirmed its outlook for earnings per share growth for both 2004 and 2005. In a presentation to investors and analysts, management said the company expects earnings per share 
Expert: Russian Oil Exports May Decrease Oil exports from Russia - the world #39;s second-largest oil producer - may decrease within two years, a top Russian oil industry expert warned Tuesday.
T-Online raises outlook after better-than-expected results (AFP) AFP - T-Online, Deutsche Telekom's majority owned Internet service provider, said it was lifting its forecast for full-year core earnings after reporting better-than-expected results.
Ben Wallace to Miss Time With Pistons (AP) AP - Ben Wallace is expected to miss at least two road games for the Detroit Pistons following the death of his brother in Alabama.
India's mobile phone users surpass land line base (FT.com) FT.com - The number of mobile phone subscribers in India last month swept past the country's fixed-line telephone base in a growth trajectory that is second only in speed and magnitude to that of neighbouring China.
Firefox and Beyond: Mozilla President Browses the Future (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Q A: As Mozilla launches Firefox for the masses, the group's president, Mitchell Baker, outlines goals for gaining more Web browser converts and focusing on a development platform play.
Beckham May Be Ready to Play This Weekend (AP) AP - David Beckham should be ready to play this weekend for Real Madrid after missing a month with two cracked ribs.
Colombian Drug Kingpin Transported to U.S. A founder of a Colombian drug cartel that became the world's chief supplier of cocaine in the 1990s was transported to a Florida jail Saturday after being extradited from Colombia.
Marks and Spencer unveils major management shake up (AFP) AFP - British retailer Marks and Spencer announced a major management shake-up as part of efforts to revive its fortunes, saying trading has become tougher ahead of the crucial Christmas period.
Minnesota explorers sound alarm bells over Arctic warming ENVIRONMENT: A four-year study documents Arctic warming, and adventurers say the world needs to take action. BY JOHN MYERS. When Arctic explorer Lonnie Dupre saw two giant glaciers on his map of Greenland, he worried how his group would get around them.
Firefox version 1.0 released The alternative browser, developed (and continually re-developed) by a network of programmers, is available for free download from the non-profit Mozilla Foundation website.
Linux aims to divide and conquer the desktop The  quot;Art of War, quot; the oldest military treatise in the world, tells aspiring generals to divide and conquer. For a certain open source operating system, this may be the approach needed to win the inevitable desktop battle.
Bluetooth 2.0 Offers Much Faster Data Transmissions The Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) has adopted Bluetooth 2.0  EDR. The latest version of this short-range wireless networking standard offers faster data transfer speeds while using less power.
SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov 8, 2004-- Dans le cadre de ses initiatives stratgiques en matire de technologie MirrorBit(TM) annonces ce jour, Spansion LLC a galement annonc ses plans pour une nouvelle gamme de priphriques mmoire Flash.
Wil Wheaton to speak at Macworld Expo SF IDG World Expo on Tuesday announced that actor, author and self-described geek Wil Wheaton will deliver  quot;a special feature presentation quot; entitled  quot;Just a Geek quot; at the upcoming Macworld Conference  amp; Expo in San Francisco, Calif.
UK supermarket becomes iTunes rival The UK #39;s number one supermarket chain, Tesco, has unveiled a new online digital music download store. The store, which will be operated by Cable  amp; Wireless, will remain under the Tesco.
Russia successfully launches new type of rocket carrier The first test launch of a new rocket carrier, the Soyuz-2 (Rus), was carried out successfully today from the Plesetsk cosmodrome in Arkhangelsk Region at 2130 Moscow time, 1830 gmt.
UK co joins bid to launch satellite mission China is actively taking part in international co-operation in Earth observation satellites, to study meteorology, natural resources, environment surveillance and other civil 
Wil Wheaton to speak at Macworld Expo SF (MacCentral) MacCentral - IDG World Expo on Tuesday announced that actor, author and self-described geek Wil Wheaton will deliver "a special feature presentation" entitled "Just a Geek" at the upcoming Macworld Conference  amp; Expo in San Francisco, Calif. Macworld Expo takes place at the Moscone Center from January 10 - 14, 2005, and Wheaton's presentation will take place on January 13 at 9:30 AM. There will be a book signing after his presentation.
Phelps faces jail over drink-driving charge SWIMMING ace Michael Phelps has admitted it was a dangerous mistake after the six-time Olympic champion was arrested for driving under the influence last week.
Emlyn Hughes dies, 57 Liverpool, Nov 9 -- Emlyn Hughes, the former Liverpool and England football captain and TV personality, has died of cancer after battling a brain tumour for the last 15 months on Tuesday, aged 57.
Williams tests two THE hunt for Mark Webber #39;s teammate at Williams narrowed yesterday as the former world champion announced it would test Britain #39;s Anthony Davidson and German Nick Heidfeld.
GP teams see red FERRARI was set to snub key talks at Heathrow today aimed at revolutionising grand prix racing. The other nine teams, led by Melbourne millionaire Minardi team owner Paul Stoddart, were intending to gang up 
Kelley joins hockey #39;s best in Hall of Fame Jim Kelley wondered how some South Buffalo kid with unpretentious dreams of covering hockey for his hometown paper could ever have anything in common with such legends as Ray Bourque, Paul Coffey and Larry Murphy.
WORLD RALLY NEWS Minor scare for Sainz ahead of final event. Carlos Sainz gave his fans and his Citroen team a minor scare ahead of Rally Australia after an accident forced the Spaniard to go to hospital.
Big Deal For NFL If you don #39;t think professional football means a lot to the US networks that own the rights to broadcast the games, check out the deal a few of them just made with the NFL.
US assault on Falluja meets with resistance FALLUJA, Iraq Thousands of US marines and soldiers swarmed over a railroad embankment on the northern edge of Falluja, setting off a wild firefight and making significant advances into the city.
3 killed in Thailand #39;s violence-plagued deep south Three civilians were killed by separatists on Tuesday morning in Thailand #39;s violence-plagued deep south, while village security guards were robbed of weapons.
Israeli coalition partner to quit over Gaza withdrawal Israel #39;s pro-settler National Religious Party (NRP) decided to resign from Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition government after Sharon refused to put his disengagement plan to a national referendum.
Music piracy 'does hit CD sales' A study into online music piracy suggests record sales in the US have fallen because of online piracy.
Dutch Dioxin Scare Spreads to France and Spain (Reuters) Reuters - France and Spain were hit on Tuesday\by a dioxin contamination scare that has forced the closure of\almost 200 Dutch farms after the cancer-causing toxin was found\in animal feed.
EU to Boost Protection of Endangered Bird Species (Reuters) Reuters - European countries agreed on Tuesday\to expand protected bird territories to help save species\threatened by intensive agriculture and climate change.
Oil Price Dive Deepens as Supplies Swell  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid more than a dollar to  7-week lows on Tuesday as growing signs of ample supply ease  concerns over fuel stocks for the northern winter.
Rhode Island Senator to Stay Republican (AP) AP - Republican Sen. Lincoln Chafee, who flirted with changing political parties in the wake of President Bush's re-election victory, says he will stay in the GOP.
Sanofi Weight Loss Drug Effective in 2-Year Study  NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - An experimental Sanofi-Aventis diet  drug helped people lose much more weight than a placebo in an  eagerly anticipated two-year trial, researchers said on  Tuesday.
New UK Airport Scanner 'Undresses' Passengers (Reuters) Reuters - A new X-ray machine at London's Heathrow\airport, which sees through passengers' clothes, has been\attacked by civil liberties campaigners as a "voyeur's\charter."
Abercrombie   Fitch Posts Fall in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Youth-oriented retailer Abercrombie    Fitch Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ANF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ANF.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted an unexpected fall in  quarterly profit as it struggles to boost sales, and said it  remained cautious for the rest of the year.
Arafat Fate Mired in Confusion  PARIS (Reuters) - The fate of Palestinian President Yasser  Arafat was mired in confusion on Tuesday as French medical  sources contradicted reports by senior Palestinian officials  that he had died at a Paris hospital.
New York Times to Sell Its Headquarters  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Times Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NYT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NYT.N&lt;/A&gt; will sell  its midtown Manhattan headquarters building to a partnership  led by Tishman Speyer Properties for \$175 million, the  companies said.
Liberty Media Profit Rises on QVC  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Liberty Media Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=L.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;L.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  posted an eight-fold gain in quarterly net profit following the  purchase of a majority stake in shopping network QVC and a  large gain on the sale of assets.
Defense Lawyers Say Rapport with Milosevic Ruined  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The lawyers appointed to defend  Slobodan Milosevic in his war crimes trial said on Tuesday  their relationship with the defendant had been irreparably  damaged and renewed their plea to be allowed to withdraw from  the case.
IBM System Named Fastest Supercomputer Big Blue has brought the title of the world's fastest supercomputer back to the United States for the first time in three years.
AMD turns to Chartered for help Advanced Micro Devices is building a new plant in Germany but still needs outside assistance to meet expected demand.
Arafat's Health Worsens as Delegation Arrives The condition of the Palestinian leader, Yasir Arafat, has worsened overnight, just before a group of Mr. Arafat's likely political heirs arrived today.
Oil Price Dive Deepens as Supplies Swell  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid more than a dollar to  7-week lows on Tuesday as growing signs of ample supply eased  concerns over fuel stocks for the northern winter.
Fans brave long lines, rain for 'Halo 2' debut They lined up hours before the game's release outside EB Games in San Francisco. "I want it as soon as possible," said one gamer.\&lt;br /&gt; Photos: Halo 2 adventure begins
Photos: Halo 2, the adventure begins Thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of Microsoft's long-awaited Xbox game sequel.
US losing edge in supercomputing, report warns A panel of leading computer scientists warned in a report issued on Monday that unless the federal government significantly increases support for advanced research on supercomputing, the United States will be unable to retain its lead on that 
Jaco injury worry for Boks South Africa fly-half Jaco Van der Westhuyzen faces a race against time to be fit for Saturday #39;s Test match against Ireland in Dublin because of a finger injury sustained against Wales at Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium.
Mutu back at Dinamo after dismissing agents ADRIAN MUTU, sacked by Chelsea after testing positive for cocaine, has dismissed his agents. Mutu came to our office and told us of his decision not to co-operate with our company any more, Gheorghe Popescu said.
IBM to sell supercomputers IBM Corp., the world #39;s largest computer maker, said it is selling versions of its top supercomputer that may be scaled down for businesses and less-intensive scientific use.
US is warned on supercomputer funds SAN FRANCISCO A panel of leading computer scientists has warned in a report that unless the federal government significantly increases support for advanced research on supercomputing, the United States will be unable to retain its lead on that 
F1 teams meeting in London All the F1 teams are meeting today in London to discuss the urgent measures needed to reduce costs in the sport. All the teams? Almost... one team didn #39;t want to be part of the talks: Ferrari. The other nine 
Tuesday #39;s NBA summary AUBURN HILLS, Mich. The Detroit Pistons opened their NBA title defense with an 87-to-79 win over the Houston Rockets. Rasheed Wallace scored 24 points on 10-of-19 shooting to lead five Pistons in double-figures.
Mutu apologizes, turns down offer to become Romanian assistant &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu apologized Tuesday for his positive cocaine test and said he will turn down an offer to become an assistant coach for the Romanian national team.
Sainz injured in pre-rally testing Two-time world champion Carlos Sainz was taken to hospital for observation after crashing his Citroen during practice for the Rally Australia on Tuesday.
Ex-chief of prisons ordered to testify FORT HOOD, Texas -- A military judge yesterday ordered the former commander of US prisons in Iraq to testify at the trial of a soldier who says he was ordered to abuse detainees at Abu Ghraib.
Nuclear fusion negotiations go critical The troubled negotiations over whether to build the world #39;s largest nuclear fusion facility in France or Japan have finally come to a head.
British hostage calls home A British UN worker who was kidnapped in Afghanistan by Islamic militants nearly two weeks ago has telephoned her family to say she is still alive.
Europeans debate software patents, interoperability BRUSSELS -- The European Union's (E.U.'s) planned software patent rules represent a major threat to interoperability unless specific exemptions are made to the legislation, participants at a conference on the issue heard on Tuesday.
New MyDoom variant exploits IE flaw A new variant of the MyDoom worm that exploits an unpatched flaw in Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer (IE) browser is in the wild and posing particular risk to home and small business users, security experts warned this week.
Microsoft placates two foes Editor #39;s Summary: Microsoft announced that it paid an undisclosed amount to the CCIA trade group so that it won #39;t challenge the software maker #39;s US antitrust settlement or participate in a European Union antitrust case.
Marsh  amp; McLennan to Cut 3,000 Jobs Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. , the insurance broker at the center of a bid-rigging probe, on Tuesday said it will lay off 3,000 employees, or 5 percent of its work force, and reported third-quarter profit tumbled 94 percent.
Marks and Spencer unveils major management shake up British retailer Marks and Spencer announced a major management shake-up as part of efforts to revive its fortunes, saying trading has become tougher ahead of the crucial Christmas period.
Abercrombie Earnings Cut by Settlements Abercrombie  amp; Fitch Co. reported a 20 percent drop in third-quarter earnings Tuesday, citing a nearly \$33 million one-time charge to settle three class-action lawsuits related to work force diversity.
AMD turns to Chartered for help The Intel rival known for its Athlon PC and Opteron server processors announced on Tuesday plans to tap Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing, a contract manufacturer, for extra chip-production capacity.
Trial begins over Georgia county #39;s evolution disclaimers in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATLANTA - A suburban Atlanta school district under fire for placing stickers in biology books saying evolution is  quot;a theory, not a fact quot; is expected to argue the disclaimers are simply a way to teach tolerance, not endorse religion.
Microsoft intros supercomputing developer kit Editor #39;s Summary: At a supercomputing conference, Microsoft announced a new tool kit that will let developers create high-performance computing applications.
Parakeets long gone, but DNA makes some wonder The Carolina parakeet, the only parrot that was native to South Carolina, vanished decades ago but in this age of high tech wizardry could DNA be used to bring the feathered creatures back?
Bourque inducted into NHL Hall of Fame Former Boston Bruin great Ray Bourque entered the Hockey Hall of Fame Monday. Not bad for a kid who just wanted to make a good impression as rookie in 1979.
Two Afghanistan Hostages Call Home (AP) AP - A Kosovar woman among three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan has called home to say she is well and expects to be freed soon, a businessman seeking her release said Tuesday.
US troops closing in on central Fallujah There are reports that US troops and crack Iraqi soldiers have surged into rubble-strewn districts in the heart of Fallujah, seizing one third of the city after hours of street fighting with rebels.
Iran mulls critical nuclear decision Tehran: Iran was on Tuesday considering whether to approve a tentative agreement with Britain, France and Germany aimed at limiting its nuclear activities and easing international suspicions.
Sunni Clerics Call for Elections Boycott Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi smiles during a visit with Iraqi troops at Camp Fallujah, on the outskirts of Fallujah, Iraq, Monday, Nov. 8, 2004.
Kanoodle and TypePad / Movable Type Partner for Sponsored Blogs Kanoodle and TypePad / Movable Type Partner for Sponsored Blogs\\Kanoodle, sponsored listings provider, and Six Apart, the maker of Movable Type and TypePad blog software, today announced that the companies will offer TypePad subscribers the ability to easily add Kanoodle's content-targeted sponsored links to their sites.  This marks the ...
Clusty Launches Mozilla Firefox Clustering Search Toolbar Clusty Launches Mozilla Firefox Clustering Search Toolbar\\Vivisimo, the developer of clustering, search and meta-search software for organizing search results, today announced the industry's first clustering toolbar for Mozilla Firefox. The quick, free and easy download is available today at Clusty and offers Firefox users a number of industry-first features and ...
MSN Search Engine Launch December 2004 MSN Search Engine Launch December 2004\\MSN Search Launch December '04? Wouldn't it be a kick, if they stick to effective algorithms and the slick look they're offering in the October tech preview incarnation! That version has me very happy with the rankings of my own sites and those of clients ...
German Professionals' Growth Outlook Dips (AP) AP - German finance professionals grew sharply more pessimistic about the country's economic growth outlook, fearing that the euro's record highs against the U.S. dollar will hurt exports, a monthly survey showed Tuesday.
Online Trading Tips (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Those nice folks at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), charged with (among other things) looking out for the interests of individual investors, never stop trying to help us out. Their sec.gov website, for example, offers a bunch of tips for those of us who trade stocks online.
Microsoft's Legal Cleanup Day (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Perhaps Microsoft was hoping for all eyes to be on the much-ballyhooed launch  today of its "Halo 2"  video game, but the company's efforts to clean up its lawsuit headaches can't be overshadowed by virtual gunslinging.
FCC Exempts Web Phones from State Rule (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Tuesday exempted Internet telephone services from certain state\oversight, a boon for Vonage Holdings Corp. and other providers\aggressively pushing the new service.
Mexico pushes U.S. on immigration (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - After waiting patiently until after the U.S. presidential election, Mexican President Vicente Fox will be applying pressure anew on the Bush administration to adopt immigration reforms during a one-day binational meeting here Tuesday.
Indian family slain in bid to create drugs front, court told (AFP) AFP - Three generations of a family of Indian origin were abducted and murdered in an elaborate plot to turn a successful import-export company into a drugs front, a court in London was told.
FCC Insulates Web Phone Service from State Rule (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Tuesday exempted Internet telephone services from certain state\oversight, a boon for Vonage Holdings Corp. and other providers\aggressively pushing the new service.
New Trojan Sends Spam (PC World) PC World - Virus hijacks PCs and uses them to send short message spam to mobile phones.
Abercrombie Warns of Profit Shortfall (Reuters) Reuters - Youth-oriented retailer Abercrombie  \Fitch Co.  on Tuesday posted an unexpected fall in\quarterly profit, due largely to a lawsuit settlement charge\and warned of a profit shortfall for the current quarter.
Mozilla Launches Firefox 1.0 (PC World) PC World - Alternative browser features protection against online scams.
Oil Price Dive Deepens as Supplies Swell  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid to 7-week lows on  Tuesday as growing signs of ample supply eased concerns over  fuel stocks for the northern winter.
Sanofi Says Diet Drug Works  NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - An experimental diet drug helped  people lose nearly four times as much weight as a placebo in an  eagerly anticipated two-year trial, researchers said on  Tuesday.
FCC Exempts Web Phones from State Rule  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. communications regulators on  Tuesday exempted Internet telephone services from certain state  oversight, a boon for Vonage Holdings Corp. and other providers  aggressively pushing the new service.
Cocoa Price Off, Ivory Coast Shot to Bits  LONDON (Reuters) - World cocoa prices rose from intraday  lows, but exports from the Ivory Coast, the key global  supplier, remain on hold after mob violence and military  clashes paralyze business in the West African country, traders  said on Tuesday.
Eagles DT Rayburn in Car Accident  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles  defensive tackle Sam Rayburn was involved in a two-car accident  Monday night and sustained minor injuries.
Oceans to Rise One Meter by 2100-Arctic Expert (Reuters) Reuters - Global warming is melting the Arctic\ice faster than expected, and the world's oceans could rise by\about a meter (3 feet) by 2100, swamping homes from Bangladesh\to Florida, the head of a study said on Tuesday.
Abercrombie Warns of Profit Shortfall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Youth-oriented retailer Abercrombie    Fitch Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ANF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ANF.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted an unexpected fall in  quarterly profit, due largely to a lawsuit settlement charge  and warned of a profit shortfall for the current quarter.
Dollar Stabilizes on Comments from Europe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar held steady against the  euro on Tuesday, finding support after a wave of warnings from  European officials expressing concerns over the euro's rapid  ascent against the U.S. currency.
Stocks Flat; Oil Falls, Waiting for Fed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks hovered near the unchanged  mark on Tuesday as investors took another pause after last  week's big rally, with the Fed expected to raise interest rates  a quarter point on Wednesday.
Kerry hints at possible 2008 White House run: reports (AFP) AFP - Defeated Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has hinted that he could make another run for the White House in 2008, press reports said.
Under-fire Marsh cuts 3,000 jobs Marsh   McLennan, the US insurance broker being sued for alleged price fixing, is to cut 3,000 jobs as it faces an expected decline in its revenues.
Unrest blocks Ivory Coast cocoa Unrest in Ivory Coast, the world's biggest cocoa producer, stops shipments from the country's two ports despite a lull in fighting.
Arafat Dead, Say Palestinian Sources Amid Confusion  PARIS (Reuters) - The fate of Palestinian President Yasser  Arafat was mired in confusion on Tuesday as French doctors  contradicted reports by senior Palestinian officials that the  veteran leader had died at a Paris hospital.
Sudanese Govt. Ready to Sign Darfur Deals-Minister  ABUJA (Reuters) - The Sudanese government is ready to sign  agreements with Darfur rebels on Tuesday covering aid and  disarmament in the war-torn region, a junior government  minister said, marking a major breakthrough after two weeks of  talks.
Cropp Postpones Vote Linda W. Cropp abruptly removes a bill to build a baseball stadium with public money, announcing that she has a new plan that could provide private funding for the project.
Colts Edge Vikings Mike Vanderjagt kicks a 35-yard field goal with two seconds left to lift the Colts over the Vikings, 31-28, on Monday night.
Oil scandal rocks Polish leadership WARSAW -- The new scandal mesmerizing Poland seems lifted from a Cold War dossier: Spies, oil traders, a polo player, and a billionaire are tangled in a rumored plot by Moscow to manipulate its smaller neighbor.
Microsoft #39;s Novell Settlement Clears Hurdles Goldman Sachs maintained an  quot;outperform quot; rating on Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ), saying the software company #39;s \$536 million settlement with Novell (nasdaq: NOVL - news - people ) clears more antitrust hurdles.
Update 2: Commerzbank to Cut 900 Banking Employees Commerzbank AG said Tuesday it had narrowed its third-quarter net loss but was slashing 900 of the 1,275 jobs in its investment banking division, practically eliminating the unprofitable department.
FCC Insulates Web Phone Service from State Rule US communications regulators on Tuesday exempted Internet telephone services from certain state oversight, a boon for Vonage Holdings Corp.
Oceans to Rise One Meter by 2100-Arctic Expert Global warming (news - web sites) is melting the Arctic ice faster than expected, and the world #39;s oceans could rise by about a meter (3 feet 
Mozilla #39;s Firefox Makes Formal Debut Today The open-source app already has a cult following, a major portion of which like it because no one has written viruses to attack it yet.
Novell: Time for Desktop Linux Yesterday, Novell shipped its Linux Desktop 9 product, the software maker #39;s attempt to unseat Windows on business PCs. Developed with SUSE underpinnings and based on Kernel 2.6, Novell liberally sprinkled 
IBM Retakes Top Supercomputer Rank as NEC Slips IBM IBM.N , the world #39;s biggest computer maker, has regained its position at the head of the Top 500 list of supercomputer installations, dislodging rival NEC Corp.
Worm Breaks Speed Record from Discovery to Life A new computer worm emerged on Tuesday which broke the speed record from the announcement of a security vulnerability in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer to a full-blown virus that spreads in the wild.
Roadmap boosts Bluetooth bandwidth A three-year roadmap for Bluetooth short-range wireless technology will triple bandwidth and allow users to simultaneously multicast signals to seven others.
Trial Begins Over Cobb #39;s Evolution Disclaimers in Textbooks A federal trial began today in Atlanta over evolution disclaimers in Cobb County schools. A group of parents backed by the ACLU argue that the disclaimers in science biology textbooks are a government endorsement of religion.
Phelps Apologizes After DUI Arrest SALISBURY, Md. -- Olympic gold-medalist Michael Phelps has apologized after his arrest for driving under the influence. He was arrested after a state trooper saw an SUV allegedly driven by the 19-year-old 
Becks to play himself in movie The England captain will appear in Goal!, a US\$100 million (\$165m) trilogy about football, reported PA. He will act as himself in the trilogy, which will be directed by Danny Cannon (I Still Know What You Did Last Summer).
Wannstedt Quits Dolphins; Bates to Fill In Miami Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt looks on during the fourth quarter as the New York Jets beat the Dolphins, 41-14, in this Nov. 1, 2004 file photo at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ Wannstedt may have coached his last game for the Miami Dolphins.
Mutu Wants to Set An Example Adrian Mutu is hoping to become an example for youngsters after vowing to bounce back from his drugs ban. Mutu, sacked by Chelsea after testing positive for a drug said to be cocaine and subsequently 
Robinson thrilled with England captaincy JASON Robinson settled into life as England captain and admitted he had no hesitation in accepting the post. Robinson #39;s  #39;fantastic job #39; in leading Sale Sharks to the Zurich Premiership summit was also revealed 
Ferrari - from the firing pan into the fire The Ferrari team did not bother to attend the meeting of the Formula 1 team bosses in London today and so it could not take part in the discussions surrounding the subject of testing.
Mother of soccer star kidnapped THE mother of Robinho, one of Brazil #39;s most exciting young soccer players, had been kidnapped, police said yesterday. Marina de Souza, 43, was abducted by two armed men who invaded a barbecue at Praia Grande 
Robson back at West Brom as coach Birmingham, England (Sports Network) - West Bromwich Albion hired former player Bryan Robson to be their new head coach Tuesday. Robson, 47, began his playing career with West Brom in 1974 and made 249 appearances for the club.
Colts 31, Vikings 28 Manning threw four touchdown passes and Vanderjagt kicked a 35-yard field goal with two seconds left to give the Colts a 31-to-28 win over Minnesota.
DirecT Touchdown Football has come a long way -- and I #39;m talking about a lot more than just the hundred yards that separate the goal lines. Last night DirecTV (NYSE: DTV) announced a \$3.
Update 4: Chipmaker Infineon Sees Net Income Fall Computer chip maker Infineon Technologies AG posted a 10 percent drop in net profit for the fourth quarter after taking large charges to cover potential civil claims from US and European antitrust actions, the company said Tuesday.
Merck shares slide on civil, criminal probes into Vioxx WASHINGTON : Drugs giant Merck and Co. #39;s shares slumped after the firm revealed civil and criminal investigations into the sale of its pain drug Vioxx.
Flowers as Dutch film man cremated AMSTERDAM, Netherlands -- On the day of his cremation, hundreds of people laid flowers, candles and notes at the spot where controversial Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh was killed.
The Berlin Wall: 15 years on It may be 15 years to the day since the Berlin Wall fell, but  quot;die Mauer im Kopf quot; (literally, the wall in the head) is still there for many Germans.
New Battalion  #39;Told to Prepare to Go to Iraq #39; A British battalion of 600 infantry have been told to make ready for deployment to Iraq, the Conservatives claimed today. The soldiers, understood to be from the 2nd 
Ban on hunting with dogs pits British townies vs. rural folks BRENT PELHAM, England -- The morning chill was broken with sherry, served on silver platters to riders in smartly tailored red coats, leather crops tucked neatly under their arms. With the shrill blast of a bugle, the chattering was over and the Puckeridge Hunt -- a tradition since 1725 -- was on.
Sanofi Diet Drug Impressive in 2-Year Study  NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - An experimental diet drug helped  people lose nearly four times as much weight as a placebo in an  eagerly anticipated two-year trial, researchers said on  Tuesday.
Homebuilder Toll Up 4 Pct on Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Luxury homebuilder Toll Brothers Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported record fourth-quarter homebuilding  sales and backlog, citing a growing population of affluent  buyers.
Afghans Again Extend Deadline for UN Hostages  KABUL (Reuters) - A Taliban splinter group that has  threatened to kill three U.N. hostages again extended a  deadline on its demands after the government said it would  respond to them on Wednesday, a spokesman for the group said on  Tuesday.
FCC Rules on Internet-Based Phone Services U.S. regulators ruled Tuesday that providers of Internet-based phone call services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government and cannot be regulated by states. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Worm Breaks Speed Record from Discovery to Life &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A new computer worm emerged on\Tuesday which broke the speed record from the announcement of a\security vulnerability in Microsoft's Internet Explorer to a\full-blown virus that spreads in the wild.&lt;/p&gt;
IBM unveils Power5-based supercomputing server Each skinny server houses eight processors. Plug a few together, and voila! A high-performance machine.\&lt;br /&gt;  Photo: IBM's new supercomputing server\
Photo: IBM's p5-575 server IBM's p5-575, a specialized server geared for high-performance computing, has eight 1.9GHz Power5 processors.
Bomb kills 11 soldiers in Kashmir SRINAGAR -- A roadside bomb blew up an army patrol car in a predawn attack today in disputed Kashmir, killing an army major and 10 other men, police said. The blast in Wachi village, located 40 miles south of Srinagar, left a 10-foot wide crater in the road, police officer Imtiyaz Ahmed said. No one immediately claimed responsibility, but police ...
FCC further deregulates Net calls States are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on Net phone providers.
'Halo 2': Heaven-sent for game players? Long lines greet release of Xbox game sequel. Also: The transformative powers of "Half-Life 2."
Can Jamdat Survive the Hype? Earnings from hot new issue Jamdat Mobile don't live up to analysts' expectations.
Eyeing Laser Care Profits Eye care specialist TLC draws eyes to the field of high-tech vision correction.
Photos: 'Halo 2,' the adventure begins Thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of Microsoft's long-awaited Xbox game sequel.
Rates rise increases to continue WASHINGTON - Another small hike in United States interest rates is seen as a certainty when Federal Reserve policy-makers meet today.
SEC Issues Plan to Standardize Governance Rules for Exchanges Ten US stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange, would be required to file quarterly reports with regulators and maintain a majority of independent directors under a plan published by the agency today.
Another IE flaw, another MyDoom A new variant of the MyDoom worm that exploits an unpatched flaw in Microsofts Internet Explorer browser has emerged to threaten small business and home users in particular, security experts warned this week.
Mother of  #39;new Pele #39; is kidnapped SAO PAULO, Brazil -- The mother of Brazilian star Robinho has been kidnapped at gunpoint as the 20-year-old Santos winger, dubbed the  quot;new Pele quot;, appeared on the brink of a transfer to Real Madrid.
Ben Wallace loses brother to brain cancer West coast trips have been filled with heartbreaking moments for Detroit Pistons All-star Ben Wallace. But it has had nothing to do with the games being played.
Arafat #39;s wife under fire, clashes with PA chiefs PARIS, Nov 9 (AFP) - Suha Arafat, the wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, has held a covetous vigil in the military hospital where her husband may lie dying, protected by a French law that has let her shoulder her way into the Palestinian power 
Pakistan Wins US Praise Over Afghan Vote A senior US official commended Pakistan on Tuesday for its help in ensuring the success of last month #39;s Afghan election and said the United States wanted to accelerate and broaden its cooperation with Pakistan.
Security group sets baseline standard for firewalls Four security software rivals are have teamed up to set a baseline standard for application security firewalls, challenging others in the industry to join them.
Microsoft Sees  #36;100 Million First Day for 'Halo 2' (Reuters) Reuters - First-day sales of Microsoft\Corp.'s  new video game "Halo 2" will reach  #36;100\million, a senior Microsoft games executive said on Tuesday.
Sudan, Rebels to Sign Partial Peace Pact (AP) AP - The Sudanese government and rebel representatives signed accords Tuesday aimed at ending hostilities in the troubled western region of Darfur and guaranteeing aid groups access to 1.6 million civilians uprooted by the conflict.
Security group sets baseline standard for firewalls (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Four security software rivals are have teamed up to set a baseline standard for application security firewalls, challenging others in the industry to join them.
Sudan Signs Darfur Deals with Rebels - Mediator  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan bowed to international pressure  Tuesday for a ban on military flights over the Darfur region,  where 1.5 million have been forced from their homes, and signed  two landmark peace deals with rebels.
Mozilla Firefox 1.0 Ready For Primetime Mozilla Firefox 1.0 Ready For Primetime\\After years of reinventing the wheel with the Mozilla browser, Mozilla seems to have struck a gold stake into the heart of Microsoft with Firefox. As popular as Mozilla's open source browsers have been in the tech world, that niche popularity was a whisper to ...
HP debuts 14 new imaging, printing products Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) showed off 14 new imaging and printing products during an event in Frankfurt, Germany, where executives showcased the HP LaserJet 4345mfp multifunction copier, which they said can crank out up to 45 pages per minute for a third the cost of similar machines.
Mozilla launches Firefox 1.0 browser The Mozilla Foundation has released Version 1.0 of its Firefox browser, an open-source product that has generated lofty expectations that it will offer real competition to Microsoft Corp.'s ubiquitous Internet Explorer.
Dell Plans North Carolina Plant  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it  will open a third U.S. manufacturing plant, a plant in North  Carolina employing 1,500 workers, marking a rare example of a  U.S. high-tech company expanding domestic production.
Microsoft Sees \$100 Million First Day for 'Halo 2'  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - First-day sales of Microsoft  Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; new video game "Halo 2" will reach \$100  million, a senior Microsoft games executive said on Tuesday.
Web business standard gets thumbs up The ratification of Universal Business Language could make it easier for big companies to share documents.
In storm-ravaged Philippines, an urgent plea for food, goods REAL, Philippines -- Helicopters delivered food to famished survivors and picked up casualties as the weather cleared yesterday in villages ravaged by back-to-back storms that left 640 people dead and nearly 400 missing in the northern Philippines.
FCC further deregulates Net calls The Federal Communications Commission ruled that states are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on Net phone providers, which treat calls no differently than any other application on the Internet.
Mozilla Launches Firefox 1.0 The Mozilla Foundation has released version 1.0 of its Firefox browser, an open-source product that has generated lofty expectations that it will offer real competition to Microsoft #39;s ubiquitous Internet Explorer.
Miami Dolphins Coach Dave Wannstedt Resigns After 1-8 Start Miami Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt, whose team has the worst record in the National Football League, resigned after 4 1/2 seasons and was replaced by defensive coordinator Jim Bates.
Sudanese govt, rebels sign security and humanitarian deals (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese government and two rebel groups from the war torn region of Darfur signed two accords to demilitarize their conflict and ensure the safety of 1.5 million displaced people.
Microsoft Shareholders OK \$3 Dividend  BELLEVUE, Wash. (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;  shareholders on Tuesday approved changes to its stock-based  employee compensation plans that would maintain the value of  stock options and awards, allowing the software giant to go  forward with a planned \$3-per-share special dividend.
Arafat's Heart Functioning - Palestinian Minister  PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat was  very ill but his brain, heart and lungs were still functioning,  Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said.
Anthrax hits Ugandan park hippos Scientists struggle to contain an anthrax epidemic which has killed nearly 200 hippos in a Ugandan national park.
Cricket: Sri Lanka keeper quits Sri Lanka wicket-keeper/batsman Romesh Kaluwitharana announces his retirement from international cricket.
Shareholders rubber-stamp Microsoft payout Approval of changes to employee stock compensation paves way for \$32 billion bonanza for shareholders.
Wannstedt Steps Down as Dolphins Coach  DAVIE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Dave Wannstedt resigned  Tuesday as head coach of the Miami Dolphins after the team sunk  to an NFL-worst 1-8 record. Defensive coordinator Jim Bates  will take over as interim coach for the remainder of the  season.
Marsh   McLennan to Cut 3,000 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos., the insurance  broker at the center of a bid-rigging scandal, on Tuesday said  it will lay off 3,000 employees, or 5 percent of its work  force.
UPS to Hire 70,000 Workers for Holidays  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  United Parcel Service Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UPS.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the world's largest package delivery company, said on Tuesday  it plans to hire nearly 70,000 temporary workers to help handle  an estimated 340 million packages from Thanksgiving to  Christmas, exceeding year-ago forecasts.
Spain Unchanged for Davis Cup Final  MADRID (Reuters) - Spain have named an unchanged team for  next month's Davis Cup final against the United States in  Seville as they bid to secure a second title in five years.
Dell Plans North Carolina Plant, to Hire 1,500  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc. said on Tuesday it plans to  open a third U.S. manufacturing plant, based in North Carolina  with 1,500 workers, in a rare example of a U.S. high-tech  company expanding domestic production.
Alcohol ban row rages in Algeria Algeria's chances of joining the World Trade Organisation (WTO) may be scuppered by its parliament's refusal to lift a ban on alcohol imports.
Schilling Has Surgery Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling has surgery to repair his injured right ankle with no complications Tuesday, the team doctor said.
IMF report  #39;not all good news #39; LABOR has accused the Federal Government of engaging in reckless spending which could push up interest rates. The claim came as the International Monetary Fund (IMF) gave the Government and the Reserve Bank a glowing report card.
Infineon Revs Up, But Slowdown Coming Memory was little help to Munich, Germanys Infineon Technologies AG in its now closed fiscal Q4. The company reported Q4 revenues of \$2.
FCC Rules VOIP Not Subject to State Rules In what amounts to a big win for Vonage Holdings Corp., the Federal Communications Commission on Tuesday ruled that the broadband phone company #39;s service was exempt from state and local regulation and tariffs.
Marsh CEO says most of 3,000 layoffs due Wednesday Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Chief Executive Michael Cherkasky on Tuesday said 90 percent of the 3,000 employees the company plans to lay off will be notified on Wednesday.
Profit Tumbles at May Department Stores May Department Stores (MAY:NYSE - news - research) reported dismal third-quarter results Tuesday, weighed down by its acquisition of Marshall Field #39;s and negative sales trends.
Dell makes it official, chooses NC for facility WINSTON SALEM, NC - Dell announced today it is adding to its US manufacturing operations with a third location, to be placed in the Triad area of North Carolina.
SEC seeks more market disclosure The Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday proposed that stock markets disclose more information about their operations, including executive pay and regulatory programs.
Henley: Oracle May Drop Bid If PeopleSoft Investors Nix  #39;Best #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vox populi: Oracle (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ) attorney Michael Carroll says the firm will abandon its legal assault on PeopleSoft #39;s (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people )  quot;poison pill quot; defenses--if investors fail to tender at least 50 of their shares by Nov 
UPS to Hire 70,000 Workers for Holidays (Reuters) Reuters - United Parcel Service Inc. ,\the world's largest package delivery company, said on Tuesday\it plans to hire nearly 70,000 temporary workers to help handle\an estimated 340 million packages from Thanksgiving to\Christmas, exceeding year-ago forecasts.
FCC Rules on Internet-Based Phone Services (AP) AP - U.S. regulators ruled Tuesday that providers of Internet-based phone call services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government, exempting them from some key regulation by states.
Regulators Probe Fund Trades at Bank of NY (AP) AP - Bank of New York Co. Tuesday said regulators are looking into mutual-fund transactions that were cleared by the company's Pershing LLC unit.
Online Learning Has Schools Nervous (AP) AP - A growing number of Colorado school superintendents are devising strategies to soften the blow of losing students to online schools.
Linux: The New Desktop OS? The debate about using Linux as a desktop OS has been going on for years. With each kernel revision and every new distribution release, we hear that Linux has become a feasible alternative.
Spansion Details NOR/NAND Hybrid Roadmap In order to meet the growing demands of the flash memory market, Fujitsu and AMDs flash memory subsidiary Spansion LLC unveiled plans to develop a new ORNAND flash memory architecture that combines the best of NOR code execution with NAND data 
Phelps drink-drive charge American swimmer Michael Phelps, who won six gold medals at the Olympics in Athens, has been charged with driving under the influence by police in Maryland.
Beckham Makes Timely Training Return David Beckhams prospects of skippering England in next weeks clash with Spain at Real Madrids Bernabeu stadium improved today when he returned to training.
Miami coach Wannstedt steps down CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Head coach Dave Wannstedt resigned from the struggling Miami Dolphins Tuesday morning, ending a frustrating season that began with the retirement of star running back Ricky Williams before training camp.
Schilling has successful ankle surgery Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in his right ankle.
Schilling's Ruptured Ankle Tendon Repaired (AP) AP - Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling had surgery Tuesday to repair his injured right ankle. Schilling pitched Game 6 of the American League Championship Series and Game 2 of the World Series last month with the torn sheath of his ankle tendon sutured into place so it wouldn't flop over the bone when he pitched.
Iran cracks down on Internet: rights watchdog (AFP) AFP - Iran is cracking down on Internet communications, one of the country's last forums for free speech and a crucial tool for local social activists, Human Rights Watch said.
Italian police fear Naples mob war chiefs hold emergency meetings over how to combat a mob turf battle in the southern Italian city. were the latest victims of a struggle for control a multi-billion dollar trade in drugs, arms and prostitution.
Microsoft Shareholders OK Stock Changes (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. shareholders on Tuesday approved changes to the company's stock compensation plans, clearing the way for the software giant to award a one-time,  #36;3-per-share dividend that will cost the company an estimated  #36;32 billion.
Apple supported technologies approved by DVB (MacCentral) MacCentral - The Digital Video Broadcasting Steering Board (DVB) has approved a revision to its implementation guidelines for audio and video codecs over a broadcast Transport Stream. The revision includes two technologies supported by Apple Computer Inc., H.264 or Advanced Video Codec (AVC) and High Efficiency AAC (HE-AAC) audio codecs.
T.rex Fancied Ribs, Scientist Says (Reuters) Reuters - Tyrannosaurus rex scraped the meat from\the ribs of its prey in much the same way a human might gnaw on\a serving of barbecued ribs, a meeting of geologists was told\on Tuesday.
No Deal on Nuclear Fusion Reactor Site - Diplomat (Reuters) Reuters - Negotiations on where to build the\world's first nuclear fusion reactor ended without an agreement\on either of the two sides under consideration in France and\Japan, a Western diplomat said on Tuesday.
Golf Courses Make Good Homes for Birds (AP) AP - A new study shows that golf courses can be good homes for more than one kind of birdie.
Sudan Signs Landmark Darfur Deals with Rebels  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan bowed to international pressure on  Tuesday for a ban on military flights over the Darfur region,  where 1.5 million have been forced from their homes, and signed  two landmark peace deals with rebels.
Iran's conservatives seen tightening power in republic TEHRAN -- After eight years of a bold but bungled experiment with reform, Iran's government is in the throes of a takeover by conservatives determined to restore the revolution's Islamic purity, according to Iranian politicians and analysts.
Schilling Has Successful Ankle Surgery (Reuters) Reuters - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling\underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in\his right ankle.
Schilling Has Successful Ankle Surgery  BOSTON (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling  underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in  his right ankle.
Irish Olympic Medal Horse Fails Second Test-Report  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A second blood sample taken from  Waterford Crystal, the horse Cian O'Connor rode to win  Ireland's only gold medal at the Athens Olympics, has also  tested positive for banned substances, local media reported  Tuesday.
Update 9: Oil Prices Briefly Fall Below \$48 a Barrel Crude oil futures prices briefly dipped below \$48 a barrel Tuesday on expectations that US oil supplies will continue to grow and that heating oil inventories will be adequate this winter.
TOSHIBA intente une action en justice contre Hynix Semiconductor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 8, 2004--Toshiba Corporation a annonc ce jour qu #39;elle intentait un procs  Hynix Semiconductor au Japon et aux Etats-Unis pour contrefaon des brevets relatifs aux mmoires  semiconducteurs.
What the Fed Has to Consider at Wednesday #39;s FOMC The Federal Reserve is primed to push up borrowing costs for the fourth time this year at its meeting on Wednesday, and is unlikely to pause at upcoming meetings 
Oracle may drop suit against PeopleSoft WILMINGTON (DELAWARE): An attorney for Oracle says the company will abandon its legal challenge to PeopleSoft #39;s anti-takeover protection if shareholders fail to tender a majority of their shares by November 19.
Suns notebook: Suns pack it in on defense Bo Outlaw is arriving for his second stint with the Suns to stiffen a defense that works a bit differently than when he departed before last season.
Schilling #39;s Ruptured Ankle Tendon Repaired BOSTON Nov 9, 2004 - Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling had surgery Tuesday to repair his injured right ankle. Schilling pitched Game 6 of the American League Championship Series and Game 2 of the World Series 
Second doping test on Irish winner Waterford Crystal positive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A backup doping sample from the horse that won the show jumping gold medal at the Athens Olympics also was positive for a banned substance, the Irish rider #39;s lawyer said Tuesday.
Playing indoors will make for a different game in West Final, says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - Wally Buono expects a different game when the Saskatchewan Roughriders come in from the cold to face the BC Lions in Sunday #39;s CFL West Final.
Spain announce Davis Cup line-up Spain have named an unchanged team for the Davis Cup final against the United States in Seville on 3-5 December. Carlos Moya, Juan Carlos Ferrero, Rafael Nadal and Tommy Robredo will take on the US in front of 22,000 fans at the converted Olympic stadium.
Got Firefox? I #39;m dating myself here, but I can vividly recall the web browser scene ten years ago, when I #39;d eagerly download every new version of Netscape Navigator the moment it was released.
Sunni clerics call for boycott of January elections because of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A powerful group of Sunni Muslim clerics called Tuesday for a boycott of national elections set for late January to protest the US-led attack against the Sunni insurgent stronghold Fallujah.
PORTRAIT OF FALLUJAH: Place of piety was Saddam stronghold Fallujah calls itself the  quot;City of Mosques quot; for its many Muslim houses of worship. The city 40 miles west of Baghdad is also the center of the fiercest resistance to the US presence in Iraq.
IBM Celebrates Supercomputing Triumph The United States grabbed top honors in the race for the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, beating out the Japanese computer that has held the title for more than two years.
Swimming: Phelps charged Six-time Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps has publicly apologised after his arrest for drink-driving. The 19-year-old ran a stop sign in Salisbury, Maryland.
Arsenal Football Club boss charged The Gunners boss has been hit with a charge of improper conduct following his controversial comments after their 2-0 Premiership defeat at Manchester United last month.
Keith highlights CFL Players of the Week Keith finished with a combined total of 125 rushing and receiving yards in a 14-6 upset victory over Edmonton to earn the offensive award.
Mother cleared of murdering baby A mother has her conviction for murdering her four-month-old son 10 years ago quashed during a retrial.
Calm for the Storm: Asset Allocation The market is still down from its March 2000 peak. Here's how to protect your assets from further drops.
Sudan, Rebels Sign Accords The Sudanese government and rebel representatives signed accords Tuesday aimed at ending hostilities in the troubled western region of Darfur and guaranteeing aid groups access to 1.6 million civilians uprooted by the conflict.
Dutch Mourn Murdered Filmmaker Amid Revenge Fears  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The Netherlands mourned the outspoken  filmmaker killed a week ago by a suspected Islamic extremist,  while Dutch Muslims rallied to urge reconciliation on Tuesday  after a wave of apparent revenge attacks on mosques.
News.com Extra: Tech steals ideas from nature Plus: Heathrow airport using 'see through clothes' scanner on passengers.
Marsh   McLennan to Lay Off 3,000 Marsh   McLennan said today that it would lay off roughly 5 percent of its work force, as it moved to right itself after being accused of bid-rigging.
A harsh injection of reality What if baseball had a steroid scandal and nobody cared?  quot;In all honesty, that's an issue, quot; said Gary Roberts, an expert in sports law at Tulane.  quot;For all we know, the American public may not give a damn. They may be happy if all their gladiators were stoked up on steroids and hitting 500 home runs.
Conn. Man Charged with Selling Secret Windows Code  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Connecticut man was arrested on  Tuesday on charges that he illegally sold a secret source code  used for Microsoft Corp.'s Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000  programs, federal prosecutors said.
IBM Plans Web Meeting Service; Takes Aim at WebEx  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM plans to offer Web-conferencing as  a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach small and  medium-sized business customers while taking on more  established rivals in the market, the company said on Tuesday.
Health Holds Back Mesi Jack Mesi was a boxer on the rise until March 13 when several knockdowns brought on subdural hematomas or bleeding on the brain, boxers' No. 1 cause of death.
Ownership of Anti-Spam Measure Queried at Talks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Internet companies have begun to  change the way e-mail works in order to weed out spam, but  experts on Tuesday clashed over whether the underlying  technology should be controlled by any one company.
Moguls Match Up Over News Corp. Rupert Murdoch and John Malone may be fixin' for a fight over the media giant.
EchoStar Dishes Up Value The second-largest satellite entertainment provider adds 350,000 subscribers.
Give Sonic Solutions More Play The digital media software developer deserves more attention from investors.
Is Shanda Overvalued? The online games company's high valuation even more of a concern with the success of its competition.
Cisco 1Q Eyed as IT Spending Indicator Investors will get another glimpse into the pace of corporate spending as Cisco Systems Inc. prepares to deliver financial results after the closing bell on Tuesday.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Marsh   McLennan to Cut 3,000 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  insurance broker at the center of a bid-rigging scandal, on  Tuesday said it will lay off 3,000 employees, or 5 percent of  its work force.
SEC Wants More Disclosure for Markets  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. stock markets would have to  disclose executive pay and provide details of their regulatory  programs, under new rules proposed by the Securities and  Exchange Commission on Tuesday.
Liberty Makes Nice with News Corp.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Liberty Media Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=L.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;L.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said a share-swap transaction that would nearly double its  voting power in News Corp. was a "friendly" move, a day after  News Corp. announced a poison pill to fend off any hostile bid  from the U.S. media conglomerate.
SEC Probes Bank of New York's Pershing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of New York Co. Inc. on Tuesday  said regulators are looking into market-timing trades cleared  by its stock clearing business unit Pershing LLC.
Stocks Rise, Oil Falls, Fed Wait Resumes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on Tuesday as a oil prices  slid below \$48 a barrel, offsetting caution as investors waited  for an expected quarter-point hike in U.S. interest rates and  results from technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Halo fans' hope for sequel Halo 2 has been released in the US, with fans queuing to get their hands on the Xbox title.
Witness: Ovitz Wanted Signing Bonus as Disney President Michael Ovitz initially wanted a signing bonus of \$50 million to join Walt Disney Co. as its president in 1995, a compensation expert who advised Disney during negotiations with Ovitz testified Tuesday.
Champion Irish Horse Fails Second Dope Test  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A second blood sample taken from  Waterford Crystal, the horse Cian O'Connor rode to win  Ireland's only gold medal at the Athens Olympics, has also  tested positive for banned substances.
Microsoft patches software for Mac version The software giant announces several changes and plans for its Virtual PC software, which lets Windows run on Apple machines.
Netanyahu lifts threat to resign Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu lifts his threat to resign over the Gaza withdrawal plan.
Best game in town WALTHAM -- OK, granted, we're not Texas or Florida, and we're not Arkansas, Nebraska, or Alabama, either. In the grand scope of Football America, what we are is quaint.
Microsoft #39;s Novell Settlement Won #39;t Scare Off EU Microsoft has reached legal settlements with two of its biggest adversaries in the software industry, Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association.
Marks  amp; Spencer Dumps Execs Marks  amp; Spencer reported after-tax profits of \$260 million for the six month period ending October 2nd, compared to \$436 million a year earlier.
East Asia: Global Uncertainties Threaten to Mar 2005 East Asia #39;s economies are growing at their swiftest pace since before the financial crisis with fewer people than ever living in extreme poverty, according to the latest East Asia and Pacific Regional Update, the World Bank #39;s twice-yearly look at the 
Powell: FCC Chief Gets Ruling In Favor Of VoIP Ring, Ring. Someone answer the computer. Voice-over-Internet Protocol got a boost today as The Federal Communications Commission ruled that providers of the service are exempt from some major state regulations 
Dell picks NC for third US plant Dell (DELL) said Tuesday that it would build a US manufacturing plant in North Carolina, employing at least 1,500 people within five years.
Heads may roll at Putnam As many as 15 senior execs could lose their jobs in the next few days: source. BOSTON (Reuters) - Putnam Investments is expected to lay off more employees, the chief executive of its parent company said Tuesday 
Anthem merger could be back on fast track California insurance commissioner expected to announce today that he will allow \$16.4 billion deal with WellPoint Health Networks to take place.
SEC proposes plan to strengthen governance at stock exchanges WASHINGTON - Federal regulators on Tuesday proposed a plan to strengthen governance at the nation #39;s stock exchanges and move them toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations to ensure that they serve investors #39; interest.
UPDATE 4-Toll posts strong 4th-quarter homebuilding sales Luxury homebuilder Toll Brothers Inc. (TOL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported record fourth-quarter homebuilding sales and backlog, citing a growing population of affluent buyers.
Genta Can #39;t Catch a Break Genta (GNTA:Nasdaq - news - research) is never boring! Monday night, the company announced that its phase III Genasense study in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) met its primary endpoint, which was tumor shrinkage.
Microsoft Shareholders OK  #36;32 Bln Payout (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. \shareholders cleared the way on Tuesday for the world's largest\software maker to pay out the largest corporate dividend ever\next month and welcomed news of a blockbuster first day of\sales for its video game "Halo 2."
IBM's recycling program goes global Businesses in Europe, Asia can net bucks for outdated computer equipment, company says. \
Irish urged to reduce gas emissions Ireland #39;s leading expert on climate change, Dr John Sweeney, has warned that both the Government and the public urgently need to do more to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Desktop Linux: The Final Hurdles I remember the major turning point that took Linux from an OS that Microsoft used to call competition during their anti-trust case to a serious commercial operating system.
Double MyDoom for Internet Explorer flaw A second version of the MyDoom variant that uses a flaw in Internet Explorer has started to spread, antivirus researchers said on Tuesday.
IBM Sits Atop Supercomputer List As expected, IBM took over the top slot on the Top500 supercomputing list with a BlueGene/L system that shatters previous Linpack benchmarks at 70.
Xbox #39;s  quot;Halo 2 quot; video game expected to be blockbuster (National) Nov. 9, 2004 -  quot;Halo 2, quot; the Microsoft Xbox game released on Tuesday, has been promoted like a box office blockbuster.
Limited EyeToy Support in GT4 November 09, 2004 - In a surprise move, Sony Computer Entertainment and Polyphony Digital revealed today that Gran Turismo 4 will feature limited EyeToy support.
Chartered to Manufacture AMD64 Processors in 2006 AMD64 is a new computing platform that extends the ubiquitous x86 architecture to accommodate 64-bit processing. Formerly known as x86-64, AMDs enhancements to the x86 architecture allow users of laptops 
HyperTransport Broadens Its HPC Scope A technology group working on faster data transfer between devices announced a new specification targeted at improving high-performance computing systems.
 #39;Northern lights #39; possible on LI The  quot;northern lights quot; will be visible this week in the Long Island area, with best chance of seeing them over the next few nights, astronomers said.
West Brom names former star player Bryan Robson manager Bryan Robson is returning to West Bromwich Albion after a 23-year absence. Robson left West Brom in 1981 as one of England #39;s top players to join Manchester United.
UPDATE 1-British and French GPs  #39;a done deal #39; The British and French Formula One grands prix have been saved after teams struck a deal with Bernie Ecclestone on Tuesday, according to Minardi boss Paul Stoddart.
Beckham aims to bend it with Zidane Paris - David Beckham and Real Madrid team-mates Zinedine Zidane and Raul have signed to play themselves in a Los Angeles-produced movie called Goal!. Variety magazine reports that the \$100-million trilogy 
Liverpool great Hughes passes away Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Former English international and Liverpool great Emlyn Hughes passed away Tuesday from a brain tumor.
Clemens wins seventh Cy Young Often, the older a pitcher becomes, the less effective he is on the mound. Roger Clemens apparently didn #39;t get that memo. On Tuesday, the 42-year-old Clemens won an unprecedented 
UPDATE 1-Mutu to continue career in England or Italy Romanian striker Adrian Mutu, dismissed by English Premier League club Chelsea for taking cocaine, said on Tuesday he would continue his career in England or Italy after completing a seven-month ban.
Schilling has surgery on damaged ankle Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling underwent a three-hour operation Tuesday to fix a ruptured tendon in his right ankle. Dr. Bill Morgan, the team physician, performed the surgery.
Irish gold medal in jeopardy A SECOND dope test on a blood sample taken from the horse of Irish Olympic show jumping gold medallist Cian O #39;Connor has tested positive for banned substances.
Transcript of Andy Geiger #39;s Statement at the November 9th Ohio &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GEIGER: I guess I #39;m part two. Greetings, everybody. Obviously many of you have seen and probably have in your possession the story that broke this morning on espn.
\$10b NFL TV deal THE National Football League became \$US8 billion (\$10.57b) richer today after signing a six-year extension to its TV contract with American channels Fox and CBS.
SEC Wants More Disclosure for Markets (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stock markets would have to\disclose executive pay and provide details of their regulatory\programs, under new rules proposed by the Securities and\Exchange Commission on Tuesday.
EU Says No Deal, No Breakdown on Fusion Reactor Talks on where to build the world #39;s first nuclear fusion reactor ended without a deal on Tuesday but the European Union said Japan and the United States no longer firmly opposed its bid to put the plant in France.
Armitage: Osama will be caught ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage says Osama bin Laden will be caught  quot;sooner or later. quot;. Armitage is in Pakistan -- a key ally in the US-led war on terror.
Iraqi Sunni Clerics Urge Election Boycott for Fallujah Siege Sunni Muslim clerics in Iraq have called for a boycott of the country #39;s nationwide elections in January. The chief of the Association of Muslim Scholars, Harith al-Dhari, said Tuesday the boycott 
Strategy for partnership With the European Unions (EU) expansion to 25 countries, it now accounts for 28 of world GDP and a market of 450 million. That closer commercial relationships with EU are desirable is obvious.
Ownership of Anti-Spam Measure Queried at Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Internet companies have begun to\change the way e-mail works in order to weed out spam, but\experts on Tuesday clashed over whether the underlying\technology should be controlled by any one company.
Photo: Unisys' updated ES7000 server line Unisys' updated ES7000 server line includes a top-end Itanium 2  processor with 9MB of high-speed cache memory.
Gateway To Ship New, Cooler Desktops (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The first in a new series of desktop PCs from Gateway will become available later this week, says the company.
Clarett Rips Ohio State Coach, Staff (AP) AP - Maurice Clarett accused Ohio State coach Jim Tressel and his staff of arranging for him to get passing grades, cars, and money for bogus summer jobs. The school immediately denied the claims Tuesday.
Photo: Hewlett-Packard's Integrity rx4640 server Hewlett-Packard's Integrity rx4640 server is available with Intel's new Itanium 2 processor, which has 9MB of high-speed cache memory.
Ferrero, Moya to Lead Davis Cup Team (AP) AP - Former No. 1s and French Open champions Juan Carlos Ferrero and Carlos Moya will lead Spain against the United States in next month's Davis Cup final.
Dell to spend \$115 million on new plant North Carolina facility will open in fall 2005 and employ 1,500 people within the next five years, Dell says.
Mac OS X Update Fixes Some Problems, Creates Others (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) has updated its Unix-based Mac OS X operating system to version 10.3.6. The software release, issued Friday, is Apple's first incremental update to OS X in almost two months.
Rebels Set Off Land mine in Indian Kashmir, 11 Dead  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Separatist militants detonated  a powerful land mine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people,  including nine soldiers in one of the biggest attacks in recent  weeks, police said on Sunday.
NEC Builds Itanium 2 Blade (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - NEC (Nasdaq: NIPNY) has unveiled a blade server powered by the Intel Itanium 2 processor, combining 64-bit computing, InfiniBand capabilities and increased memory, and targeted at the high-performance computing market.
Double MyDoom for Internet Explorer flaw A second MyDoom offshoot is taking advantage of an unpatched security hole in Microsoft's Web browser to spread.
Arafat Dead, Say Palestinian Sources Amid Confusion  PARIS (Reuters) - The fate of Yasser Arafat was mired in  confusion on Tuesday as Palestinian officials insisted in  public he was clinging to life even as aides said privately the  veteran leader had died at a Paris hospital.
Fresh Unrest in Ivory Coast Despite Peace Efforts  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French soldiers fired to disperse  protesters in Ivory Coast on Tuesday after days of rioting in  the main city Abidjan.
Haiti Election Panel in Turmoil as Head Resigns  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - The head of a panel  organizing elections in Haiti next year to replace ousted  president Jean-Bertrand Aristide has resigned, warning that  other panel members were trying to rig the ballot.
Infineon Posts 10 Percent Profit Drop Infineon #39;s net profit fell to \$54.6 million in the fourth quarter from \$63 million in the third quarter of last year. The net result came up short of analyst forecasts of \$169 million.
New Zealand 3G Network Launched The T3G upgrade of Telecom #39;s nationwide mobile network cost 40 million New Zealand dollars (US\$28 million) and took about four months to build, the company says.
Nortel dumps bandwidth exchange suit Company says Arbinet will settle in copyright infringement dispute.   \
IBM Plans Web Meeting Service; Takes Aim at WebEx  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; plans to offer  Web-conferencing as a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach  small and medium-sized business customers while taking on more  established rivals in the market, the company said on Tuesday.
Battle of the big games "Halo 2" for the Xbox shoots first, but for PC gamers, "Half-Life 2" is locked and loaded.
Radical change needed in Indigenous affairs, says leader Aboriginal leader and member of the National Indigenous Council Warren Mundine says it is time radical changes are made to the way Indigenous affairs are handled.
Murdoch Sets Up Poison Pill Defense If any party acquires 15 percent or more of News Corporation, all the other shareholders will be able to buy up to \$80 worth of shares at half-price for every share already owned, under a  quot;poison pill quot; defense adopted by Rupert Murdoch.
Lower oil fails to lift stox Oil prices continued their recent slide as optimism that supply would hold up this winter had more traders shifting money out of energy markets.
Honda to Build Transmission Plant in Georgia ATLANTA, GA (Nov. 9) - Governor Sonny Perdue and Honda officials announced today plans to build a \$100 million plant in Tallapoosa, Georgia to produce automatic transmissions.
Russia #39;s Severstal makes formal offer for Stelco Inc. amid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Russia #39;s Severstal has made an offer to buy Stelco Inc., in what #39;s believed to be one of several competing offers emerging for the restructuring but profitable Hamilton steel producer.
Toll Rings Homebuilders #39; Bell Homebuilders strode upstairs Tuesday after Toll Brothers (TOL:NYSE - news - research) reported record fourth-quarter sales, citing strong demand from affluent buyers.
Boeing tanker deal unlikely The Pentagon #39;s top weapons buyer Tuesday said he expected officials to decide soon whether to solicit new bids for a multibillion-dollar deal to begin replacing the Air Force #39;s aging fleet of KC-135 refueling tankers.
Weekdays at 4:45 PM on Radio 990 in Manitoba More than 300 scientists from 15 countries, including Canada, have released a study that shows the pace of the Arctic ice melt is accelerating.
Football pays tribute to Hughes Friends and former Liverpool players have paid tribute to Emlyn Hughes, who has died from a brain tumour aged 57. Former Reds captain and manager Graeme Souness told BBC Radio Five Live:  quot;He was an absolute legend.
Spain unchanged for Davis Cup final MADRID - Spain has named an unchanged team for next months Davis Cup final against the United States in Seville as they bid to secure a second title in five years.
Clarett says Tressel committed major infractions NEW YORK - Former Ohio State star running back Maurice Clarett said he received improper benefits from head coach Jim Tressel and his brother and that he  quot;took the fall quot; during the NCAA #39;s investigation of the school in 2003, according to ESPN.
Lefty May to Padres in trade for Long With the rival Dodgers expressing interest in David Wells, the Padres yesterday traded for another left-handed starting pitcher, Darrell May, a move they said is unrelated to their attempts to re-sign Wells.
Squeezing jello in Iraq The much-anticipated US-led offensive to seize the Iraqi city of Falluja from anti-American Iraqi fighters has begun. Meeting resistance that, while stiff at times, was much less than had been 
Taipei Opts for Wi-Fi (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The city of Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available throughout the Taiwanese capital by the end of next year.
Virtual PC 7 update fixes RAM-based crashes, more (MacCentral) MacCentral - Microsoft's Macintosh Business Unit on Tuesday issued a patch for Virtual PC 7 that fixes a problem that occurred when running the software on Power Mac G5 computers with more than 2GB of RAM installed. Previously, Virtual PC 7 would not run on those computers, causing a fatal error that crashed the application. Microsoft also noted that Virtual PC 7.0.1 also offers stability improvements, although it wasn't more specific than that -- some users have reported problems with using USB devices and other issues.
Crazy Like a Firefox (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Today, the Mozilla Foundation's Firefox browser officially launched -- welcome, version 1.0. In a way, it's much ado about nothing, seeing how it wasn't that long ago that we reported on how Mozilla had set its sights on chipping away at Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT - News) Internet Explorer browser's ubiquity. However, the Firefox launch does bode mention, especially considering a top story from CNET today pointed to the fact that the MyDoom virus is back in action.
News: Boom times ahead for IT security profession Boom times are ahead for security pros. The information security workforce will expand by an estimated 13.7 per cent annually to reach 2.1m workers by 2008. 
News: Trojan infects PCs to generate SMS spam A Trojan which uses infected PCs to send spam messages to mobile phone users has been discovered.
White House Wants Suicide Law Blocked (AP) AP - The Bush administration asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to block the nation's only law allowing doctors to help terminally ill patients die more quickly.
Stelco gets offer from Russian steel giant Stelco Inc. has received a takeover offer from Russian industry giant OAO Severstal at a time when Bay Street is awash in rumours about possible financing deals for the restructuring Hamilton steel maker.
GT4 Final Spec November 09, 2004 - Three years in the making, and Gran Turismo 4 is finally done. Publisher Sony Computer Entertainment and developer Polyphony Digital held a party in Tokyo today (forgetting to invite us 
SC2004: PathScale Introduces World #39;s Lowest-Latency Cluster &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PITTSBURGH, SC2004 SuperComputing Conference, Nov. 9 /PRNewswire/ -- PathScale, developer of innovative software and hardware solutions to accelerate the performance and efficiency of Linux clusters, announces the PathScale InfiniPath Interconnect.
Solar weather whips up Northern Lights show For about eight hours, an  quot;extreme geomagnetic storm quot; raged in the upper atmosphere, as high-energy particles emitted by the sun three days ago swept over Earth.
Talks on Nuke Fusion Plant End Without Decision  VIENNA/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Talks on where to build the  world's first nuclear fusion reactor ended indecisively on  Tuesday, while the European Union toned down threats to site  the plant in France.
Newsday Replaces Top Editor  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tribune Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt; Newsday  newspaper, which got a new publisher in July after a  circulation scandal, on Tuesday replaced its top editor, Howard  Schneider, who was in the job for about a year.
Dow Slips, Nasdaq, S P 500 Flat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow average declined  slightly, while the Nasdaq and the S P 500 were little changed  on Tuesday as investors waited for an expected quarter-point  hike in U.S. interest rates and results from technology  bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Musharraf Says Bin Laden Trail Has Gone Cold -Post (Reuters) Reuters - The search for al Qaeda leader Osama\bin Laden has gone cold and there is no indication of his\whereabouts, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf told the\Washington Post in an interview published on Sunday.
IBM cranks up client software push Big Blue fills out its Workplace initiative with bundles tailored for medium size-businesses and for specific industries.
HP unveils low-cost copier Streamlined multifunction device aimed at helping company gain ground in business copier market.\
Dow Dips, Nasdaq Up in Wait for Fed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow average ended  slightly lower, while the tech-driven Nasdaq inched higher on  Tuesday as investors waited for hints from the Federal Reserve  about the pace of interest-rate increases on Wednesday.
Lucent, Unions Have Tentative Agreement  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lucent Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said it reached a tentative labor agreement with the  two unions representing about 10 percent of its work force,  ending a month of bargaining over a range of issues including  health care.
Oil Ends Nearly \$2 Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid nearly \$2 a barrel to  end at 7-week lows on Tuesday, as growing signs of ample supply  eased concerns over fuel stocks for the northern winter.
GM Gives Car Buyers 'Locked-In' Rates  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will offer  car buyers nervous about rising interest rates a chance to  lock-in today's low rates in a bid to boost its sluggish U.S.  sales, car dealers briefed about GM's new sales incentive plan  said on Tuesday.
California OKs Anthem-WellPoint Deal  LOS ANGELES/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - California's insurance  commissioner on Tuesday ended his opposition to Anthem Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATH.N&lt;/A&gt; proposed \$16.5 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health  Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt; after Anthem agreed to hike its funding  of state health projects.
SEC Probes Bank of New York Clearing Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of New York Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said regulators are examining whether its Pershing LLC unit  cleared improper stock trades.
Fed Rate Hikes Expected The Federal Reserve is expected to nudge interest rates up for a fourth time this year on Wednesday, acting on the belief that the economy has finally emerged from an extended "soft patch."
Brown rules out pre-poll splurge There will be no pre-election cash giveaway, says Gordon Brown as he suggests he still wants to be premier.
DVD Rentals for \$15.99? As part of a special promotion, Blockbuster has cut prices again. But will it be enough?
Midway to Profitability Video game developer is moving in the right direction, despite an "unprofitable" image it needs to shake.
Fans Flock to Buy Sci-Fi Epic 'Halo 2' (AP) AP - There's a new media king, only he isn't on the radio or in the movies. His name? Master Chief. His role: Interstellar soldier and star of "Halo 2," one of the most anticipated video games ever.
LSU Star Leads Preseason All-America Team (AP) AP - Give Seimone Augustus the basketball and watch her go to work. Nothing is more comforting to the LSU Lady Tigers  #151; or more unsettling for their opponents. Augustus has tormented defenders for two years and the accolades have poured in. She received another Tuesday as the No. 1 choice on The Associated Press' preseason All-America team.
U.S. Will Deal with Iran When Group Meets in Egypt (Reuters) Reuters - The United States would deal with\Iran as part of a group of Iraq's neighbors that will meet in\Egypt this month, although Washington has no diplomatic\relations with Tehran, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on\Tuesday.
Lucent, Unions Have Tentative Agreement (Reuters) Reuters - Lucent Technologies Inc.  on\Tuesday said it reached a tentative labor agreement with the\two unions representing about 10 percent of its work force,\ending a month of bargaining over a range of issues including\health care.
Big Ben Knew He Would Be Good for Steelers (AP) AP - When quarterbacks Eli Manning and Philip Rivers were chosen before the Steelers drafted Ben Roethlisberger No. 11 in April, he responded with words that bordered on anger and were wrapped with a promise to Pittsburgh: Play me, and I'll show you.
Report asserts Kazaa makes the rules Setting aside Sharman Networks #39; objections, an Australian judge accepted on Friday an affidavit with potentially damaging assertions about Kazaa #39;s handling of copyrighted material.
Government building in southern Russia seized in protest over multiple slaying (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ROSTOV-ON-DON, Russia (AP) - Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the region's president, whose former son-in-law has been linked to a multiple slaying.
Giant's Warner Knows Eli's Time Is Coming (AP) AP - Wellington Mara walked through the New York Giants' locker room and smiled when he saw the throng of reporters surrounding Kurt Warner.
Rapids Drop Head Coach Hankinson (AP) AP - The Colorado Rapids fired coach Tim Hankinson on Tuesday, two weeks after the team was eliminated from the 2004 Major League Soccer playoffs with a 2-0 loss to Los Angeles.
Cisco First-Quarter Profits Up 29 Percent (AP) AP - Cisco Systems Inc.'s fiscal first-quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like Internet telephone and home networking gear.
'Canes Confident Heading Into Va. Showdown (AP) AP - There's a certain swagger that typically accompanies the Miami Hurricanes, the only team to play in Bowl Championship Series games each of the last four seasons.
Accused Air India bomber told witnesses to 'keep their mouths shut:' Crown (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - An accused bomber threatened witnesses, telling them to keep their mouths shut about his involvement in an airline attack that killed 331 people, a Crown prosecutor said in closing arguments Tuesday.
ADV: \$175,000 Mortgage for Under \$730/Month Mortgage rates are at record lows. Save \$1000s on your mortgage payment. Free quotes.
Liberty Media reports robust 3Q sales and profit growth NEW YORK, November 9 (newratings.com) - Liberty Media Corporation (LB3A.ETR) has reported an eight-fold increase in its third-year profits, while the company #39;s quarterly sales more than doubled from the year-ago levels.
Toshiba Sues Hynix Semiconductor Toshiba Corp. on Tuesday said it has sued Hynix Semiconductor Japan Inc., accusing the company of infringing on Toshiba #39;s memory patents.
Infineon posts 4Q profit decline; sees chip market downturn ahead LONDON, November 9 (newratings.com) - The German semiconductor company, Infineon Technologies (IFX.ETR), has projected a downturn in the semiconductor industry next year, after reporting a 10 y/y decline in its profits for the fourth fiscal quarter.
Health Insurance Stocks Climb in Trading Health insurance stocks spiked in trading Tuesday after California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi withdrew his opposition to the merger between WellPoint Health Networks Inc.
Mercer seen remaining in MMC fold for now-analysts Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos Inc. #39;s Mercer Consulting unit, facing layoffs and a federal investigation, is expected to remain part of MMC because it is a stabilizing 
Lucent, Unions Have Tentative Agreement Lucent Technologies Inc. (LU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it reached a tentative labor agreement with the two unions representing about 10 percent of its work force, ending 
Cisco's Fiscal 1Q Profit Jumps 29 Percent Cisco Systems Inc.'s fiscal first-quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like Internet telephone and home networking gear. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
US, Airlines Agree on New Water Testing Guidelines (Reuters) Reuters - Most big U.S. airlines will more\frequently test and disinfect aircraft storage and delivery\systems to ensure water used for drinking and washing meets\federal standards, the government and industry said on Tuesday.
Teck Cominco to Appeal U.S. Pollution Ruling (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian miner Teck\Cominco Ltd. will appeal a U.S. judge's refusal to dismiss a\case over cross-border pollution of a lake on the Columbia\River, a spokesman said on Tuesday.
Arctic Melting Fast; May Swamp US Coasts by 2099 The consequences of such a massive meltdown of northern ice would be dramatic, according to the study.  Low-lying coastal areas in Florida and Louisiana could be flooded by the sea.
Fans flock to buy sci-fi epic Halo 2 #39; #39; There #39;s a new media king, only he isn #39;t on the radio or in the movies. His name? Master Chief. His role: Interstellar soldier and star of  quot;Halo 2, quot; one of the most anticipated video games ever.
Chartered Semiconductor To Manufacture AMD Chips Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Tuesday said it has entered a manufacturing agreement with Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing in Singapore.
HP, Unisys, and SGI Intro Itanium Servers Intel #39;s Itanium gains ground as three vendors roll out new servers based on the processor. By Darrell Dunn. Systems based on Intel #39;s Itanium processor this week will gain ground in the high-performance server 
Trojan horse drives spam into cell phones com November 9, 2004, 1:41 PM PT. Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software 
Collisions in Gran Turismo 5 November 09, 2004 - Gran Turismo 4 has just finished its development cycle. While developer Polyphony Digital is still hard at work on Gran Turismo 4 Mobile and, possibly, Gran Turismo For Boys, we #39;re sure 
Computer Associates Fires Latest Round in Spyware Battle Ken Dunham, Director of Malicious Code at iDefense, said he recommends both Adware and Spybot to his friends and family.  quot;We really haven #39;t had good comprehensive solutions to deal with these threats, quot; Dunham told TechNewsWorld.
Sony will release the Ultra Personal Computer in the USA At only over 1 pound, Sony #39;s VAIO U Ultra Portable PC is a full Microsoft Windows XP computer, on a form factor that resembles that of a PDA.
Astros Pitcher Roger Clemens Wins Record Seventh Cy Young Award Roger Clemens of the Houston Astros won the Cy Young Award as the National League #39;s top pitcher, becoming the oldest recipient of a trophy he #39;s won a record seven times.
Worsley misses Canucks FLANKER Joe Worsley has been ruled out of England #39;s Test with Canada at Twickenham on Sunday (Australian time because of a leg injury.
Wannstedt was one of the good guys Almost every single week I spend Monday morning reading the papers, watching TV and talking to my wife -- who is a great football fan.
Mutu sorry for his failings After testing positive for cocaine, former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu apologised on Tuesday and said he hoped to stay clean and be an  #39;example for youths #39;.
Rockies dump vice chairman McMorris The Colorado Rockies dumped vice chairman Jerry McMorris on Tuesday, ending a relationship with one of the team #39;s founding figures.
Playing catch-up with the future Every day they wait on Eli Manning here, the pressure percolates. Behind a crumbling offensive line and a suddenly tenuous season, there will be less and less patience for the NFL #39;s No.
Chelsea skipper Terry signs extension London, England (Sports Network) - Captain John Terry signed a fresh contract with Chelsea Tuesday that will keep him with the club until 2009.
House Democrats to Focus on Debt Ceiling (AP) AP - House Democratic leaders, consigned by the election to a minority role for another two years, said Tuesday they want to hold Republicans more accountable, starting with a vote on raising the  #36;7.4 trillion debt ceiling.
Dutch Mourn Murdered Filmmaker Amid Revenge Fears The Netherlands mourned filmmaker Theo van Gogh killed last week by a suspected Islamic militant, while Dutch Muslims rallied to urge reconciliation on Tuesday after a wave of attacks on mosques and churches.
Sudan, rebels reach Darfur accords The Sudanese government and rebels in the country #39;s Darfur region have signed security and humanitarian agreements in Nigeria after two weeks of talks, the press officer for Nigerian president Olusegun Obasanjo has said.
UN awaits Iran nuclear letter France, Britain and Germany reached a tentative deal with Tehran on freezing enrichment activities during talks in Paris over the weekend.
Rebels  #39;stage show of strength #39; Iraqi rebels seized the centre of the city of Ramadi and attacked police stations elsewhere as US-led troops continued their Falluja assault.
Protesters Ransack Russian Gov #39;t Offices Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the 
HP unveils low-cost corporate copier With streamlined multifunction device, tech giant aims to gain ground in business copier market.\
Microsoft settles \$536m antitrust SEATTLE/NEW YORK: Microsoft has said it will pay \$536m to Novell to settle an antitrust suit. It also resolved a 10-year dispute with a computer trade group.
FCC frees VoIP service from state regulations NOVEMBER 09, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A voice-over-IP service from Vonage Holdings Inc. is not subject to the public utility regulations of individual US states, the Federal Communications Commission declared today.
Toshiba Suits Accuse Hynix of Patent Infringement South Korea-based Hynix said it would respond to the actions and take appropriate  quot;countermeasures quot; after reviewing the lawsuits more closely.
Marsh  amp; McLennan to Lay Off 3,000 The Marsh  amp; McLennan Company, the troubled insurance and investment company, said today that it would lay off 3,000 employees, or roughly 5 percent of its work force, as it moved to right 
Fans throng for first shot at Halo 2 LOS ANGELES: It takes a special kind of person to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long just to buy a video game - but for rabid fans of the first Halo on the Xbox video game console, it was well worth the wait to buy the new Halo 
IBM tops supercomputing table A supercomputer being built by IBM for the US Department of Energy (DOE) has topped a list of the world #39;s fastest computers. The Blue Gene/L beta-system can perform 70,720 billion calculations per second, which 
AMD signs up for extra 64-bit production capacity Advanced Micro Devices Inc. will use Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd. #39;s manufacturing services to produce AMD #39;s Opteron and Athlon 64 processors starting in 2006, adding production capacity as the 
Symantec plays-down security hole in Norton AntiVirus Symantec has admitted its flagship consumer security application, Norton AntiVirus 2005, has a security vulnerability that allows certain types of malicious script to infect a user #39;s personal computer with a virus.
E-mail commerce vs. politics Solving the nation #39;s spam problem will require a balancing act, legal and privacy experts said today in Washington, DC, at a meeting sponsored by the Federal Trade Commission.
David Beckham to act in a movie trilogy on Football Real Madrid star and England Soccer team captain David Beckham has already been an inspiration of a massive international hit movie Bend it like Beckham.
US-Led Forces Thrust Towards Central Falluja, Air Strikes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; . US-led forces met heavy resistance in Falluja as they battled toward the heart of Iraq #39;s most resistant city on Tuesday, officers said.
Kohl blames greed for disunity with east economic troubles still plaguing reunited Germany on the 15th anniversary of the Berlin Wall #39;s collapse. the Wall fell, also admitted in a public debate he had made errors that were contributing 
Liberty Media revenues, cash flow up Englewood-based Liberty Media reported increased operating cash and higher revenue for the third quarter of 2004. Liberty (NYSE: L, LMC.
Gold Up as Traders Worry About Inflation Gold prices rose to 16-year highs on Tuesday, spurred on by buy #39; #39; signals in technical price charts and fears that inflation, seemingly under control, could rise again in the months ahead.
Honda To Build Plant In Northwest Georgia ATLANTA -- Honda Motor Company will build a new auto parts plant in Tallapoosa in Haralson County in northwest Georgia. Officials with Honda and the state held a news conference in Atlanta Tuesday to announce plans for the \$100 million plant.
Video games get serious In my own case, the event is the release of Halo 2 shortly after midnight this morning. It #39;s the sequel to my favorite video game Halo: Combat Evolved, one of the best games ever made for 
Teams vote for 19-race schedule, test cuts. The latest meeting of minds among the nine teams to have signed the Interlagos document detailing cost-cutting proposals has resulted in the ideas being carried forward to the point where they will be presented to the Formula One Commission.
Warner again underwhelming Kurt Warner #39;s woeful performance, combined with the Giants #39; enormous monetary commitment to Eli Manning, made their quintessential quarterback question inevitable in this  #39;What have you done for me today?
AMD Taps Chartered To Meet Chip Demand The Chartered announcement had been signaled when AMD and IBM extended a chip processing deal in September. While the deal centered on jointly developed technology, it also left AMD the option 
Antivirus Subscription Prices Climb Price hikes may be designed to convince you to upgrade to an all-out Internet security suite. Troublesome Trojan horses, virulent worms, nasty viruses--sometimes it may seem like the Internet exists just to let the bad guys attack your PC.
Capital One Financial to Cut 750 Jobs Capital One Financial Corp., the holding company of Capital One Bank, plans to eliminate about 750 jobs as it shifts the majority of its production service operations to a U.S.-based supplier, the company reported Tuesday.
Screen shots: Invasion of "Half-Life 2" Valve Software is experimenting with a model that could substantially transform the video game business.
'Rocket' Clemens Lands Record Seventh Cy Young Award  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens, at 42, became the  oldest Cy Young winner in Major League history on Tuesday,  claiming the award for a record seventh time.
McMorris Removed as Director and Officer of Rockies  DENVER (Sports Network) - Colorado Rockies vice chairman  Jerry McMorris has been removed from the team's board of  directors and also as an officer. The move came during a  meeting of the director and shareholders of the club's general  partner.
Conn. man charged with selling secret Windows code A 27-year-old Connecticut man was arrested today on charges he offered online to sell the source code for Microsoft's Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 programs.
Q A: Open Text CEO on wrestling with regulatory compliance IT managers are struggling to make sure their organizations comply with a raft of regulations on lean IT budgets, according to Open Text CEO Tom Jenkins.
A DVD Burner Too Far? (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - If you've got more of yesterday's videotapes than today's free time, and you'd like to archive all that footage to DVD before your VCR dies, Sony's DVDirect offers an easy, relatively affordable solution.
Oracle to drop PeopleSoft suit if tender fails Oracle has told a Delaware court that it plans to drop a lawsuit pending there against PeopleSoft if PeopleSoft shareholders don't back Oracle's tender offer by next week's deadline.
FCC frees VoIP service from state regulations In a ruling that could have implications for increasingly popular VoIP services, the FCC ruled today that a VoIP service from Vonage Holdings is not subject to the public utility regulations of individual states.
Intel delivers updated Itanium 2 chips Gunning for markets that have long been the domain of RISC-based systems, Intel yesterday delivered updated Itanium 2 processors with larger memory caches.
Review: Halo 2 GamePro reviewer says: This is about as easy an Xbox buying decision as there is -- just do it.
Belgian ECB board member warns over euro #39;s rise Brussels - Belgium #39;s central bank chief and European Central Bank (ECB) board member Guy Quaden added his voice Tuesday to those warning of the surging value of the euro.
US FTC Sues Firms for False Weight-Loss Claims As part of a renewed effort to curb false weight-loss claims, the Federal Trade Commission said on Tuesday it has sued six companies that sold products ranging from cellulite cream to diet teas and patches.
Panel urges Washington to finance fast computer A panel of leading computer scientists warned in a report issued Monday that unless the federal government significantly increases support for advanced research on supercomputing, the United 
HyperTransport consortium approves HTX expansion spec The HyperTransport Technology Consortium today announced the first HyperTransport technology expansion connector specification. The new EATX Motherboard/Daughtercard 
Belkin debuts TuneBase FM for iPod Mini IPod mini portable music player users can power, charge and play the contents of their devices simultaneously while in their automobiles.
Emlyn Hughes KNOWN to players and fans as Crazy Horse, Emlyn Hughes was one of the most talented footballers of the 1970s, and almost certainly the most enthusiastic.
November's coolest gadgets from Japan Cutting-edge game units, TVs, satellite receivers, camcorders and more are introduced.
Oracle to drop PeopleSoft suit if tender fails Oracle Corp. notified Delaware's Court of Chancery of plans to drop a lawsuit pending there against PeopleSoft Inc. if PeopleSoft shareholders reject Oracle's tender offer. The notification is a sign that Oracle is serious about its current offer being the final one.
Study: Information security field to grow steadily WASHINGTON - The number of cybersecurity professionals is projected to grow at an annual compound rate of nearly 14 percent from now until 2008, according to a study released this week during the Computer Security Institute (CSI) trade show in Washington, D.C.
FCC frees VOIP service from state regulation A VOIP (voice over IP) service offered by Vonage Holdings Inc. is not subject to the public utility regulations of individual U.S. states, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) declared Tuesday.
Exabyte adds new tape storage Exabyte has announced the release of the Magnum 1X7 LTO Autoloader, a 2U, rack-mountable, automated backup and restore system for less that \$5,000.
Antivirus Subscription Prices Climb Price hikes may be designed to convince you to upgrade to an all-out Internet security suite.
Cisco 1st-Qtr Net Rises 29 Amid Web-Phone Sales Gain (Update2) Cisco Systems Inc., the world #39;s largest maker of computer-networking equipment, said first- quarter profit rose 29 percent amid demand for Internet phones and devices that link homes to the Web.
Toshiba Sues Hynix for Patent Infringement Toshiba is taking action to protect its patents. The Japan-based company has accused Hynix Semiconductor of violating seven patents in the United States, including ones for DRAM, and three flash-memory patents in Japan.
UPDATE 2-Russia #39;s Severstal makes offer for Canada #39;s Stelco Russia #39;s OAO Severstal (CHMF.RTS: Quote, Profile, Research) made a bid for Stelco Inc. (STEa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday, promising to take on the debts 
Islamic School Set Ablaze in Netherlands (AP) AP - Suspected arsonists set an Islamic elementary school on fire Tuesday amid a string of attacks following the killing of a Dutch filmmaker by an alleged Islamic extremist.
U.S. Lowers Chinese Furniture Tariffs (AP) AP - The government on Tuesday upheld a ruling that Chinese bedroom furniture was being sold in the United States at unfairly low prices, but it scaled back the level of penalty tariffs.
The men who could replace Arafat Analysts say securing the popular vote is key for the credibility of new Palestinian leadership.
Tom Siebel plans to sell a portion of his company shares Siebel Systems Inc. founder Tom Siebel plans to sell up to 18 percent of his company stock over the next two years, the company said Tuesday.
Sanofi Wins Contract for Flu Shot Vaccine (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. government on Tuesday\awarded Sanofi-Aventis  a contract worth up to  #36;41\million through 2008 to ensure enough eggs are available for\future flu vaccine production.
Mozilla Firefox - setting the world on fire After a year in development, today is the day the Mozilla Foundation released their long awaited browser named Firefox officially launching version 1.0.
Is Microsoft taking dead aim at Linux? This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
Latest IE Worm Developed in Record Time While most security firms have designated the threat from the worm in the medium range, it is notable because of how quickly it was developed, Graham Cluley, technology consultant with Sophos antivirus, said.
D.C. Delays Vote on New Expos Ballpark (AP) AP - The District of Columbia Council delayed a vote on funding a new ballpark for the Expos, with Council Chair Linda Cropp proposing another new plan Tuesday.
 #39;Rocket #39; Clemens Lands Record Seventh Cy Young Award Roger Clemens, at 42, became the oldest Cy Young winner in Major League history on Tuesday, claiming the award for a record seventh time.
Clarett Implicates Tressel, Ohio State In this week #39;s issue of ESPN The Magazine, controversial running back Maurice Clarett attempts to perform damage control with NFL owners and general managers concerning his image as the 2005 NFL Draft looms on the horizon.
Fans Calling for Tickets Get Sex Line (AP) AP - Charlotte Bobcats fans were in for a surprise if they dialed an NBA ticket number listed in a local phone book: Instead of getting seats, they were told to call a sex chat line.
The opportunities and dangers of the post-Arafat era Yasser Arafat #39;s increasingly imminent passing from the scene points to the end of a long and complex era that is best left for historians to assess.
Government buildings in Nepal hit by bomb blasts Two powerful bomb explosions have ripped through separate government buildings in Nepal, wounding at least 40 people. Authorities have blamed Maoist rebels for the attacks.
Correct description of missing man's shoes would have helped search: police (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A man with the mind of a toddler who died after wandering off two weeks ago likely wouldn't have survived even if investigators had realized sooner that they'd already found a key clue to his whereabouts, police said Tuesday.
Moguls Match Up Over News Corp. Shares of international media giant News Corp. (Nasdaq: NWSWI) fell nearly 4 yesterday following the company #39;s announcement that it adopted a  quot;shareholder rights plan 
VoIP Gets A Boost From The FCC The Federal Communications Commission voted to bar state regulators from exercising key jurisdiction over VoIP. By W. David Gardner.
Tunnelbound NAB sees distant light National Australia Bank, capping off a horror year, unveiled a 15 per cent fall in annual earnings on Wednesday and warned against expectations of a quick fix for its myriad operational and cultural problems.
North Carolina formally announces Dell plant Governor Easley announced today that the computer maker is building a manufacturing facility somewhere in the Triad cities, creating at least 15-hundred jobs and investing 100 (m) million dollars during the next five years.
Gemstar-TV Guide Intl 3Q Financial Table  gt;GMST LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. (GMST) posted a sharply wider third-quarter loss weighed down by a large impairment charge related to its TV Guide business.
Calif. approves Anthem-WellPoint merger California #39;s insurance commissioner said Tuesday he would approve the proposed merger between health insurance giants WellPoint Health Networks and Anthem.
Int #39;l Paper to Sell Woodlands for \$250M PORTLAND, Maine - International Paper Co., the world #39;s largest forest products company, has agreed to sell all of the 1.1 million acres of woodlands it owns in Maine and New Hampshire to GMO Renewable Resources LLC for \$250 million.
Kyoto Protocol not enough to stop warming: scientists REYKJAVIK, ICELAND - Canadian scientists at an international symposium on climate change say a new report shows the Kyoto Protocol agreement on limiting fossil fuel emissions is not enough to slow the potentially disastrous warming of the planet.
Partners Weigh In On Firefox, IE Faceoff Solution providers applauded the Tuesday launch of Firefox 1.0 as the first viable competitor to Microsoft Internet Explorer, even though they expect the browser #39;s publisher to face an uphill battle.
 #39;Halo 2 Flu #39; Overtakes The Country As Game Goes On Sale NEW YORK - If there was an increase in the number of people who took the day off from work or stayed home from school Tuesday, it may not have been the flu that kept them at home and on the couch.
New MyDoom Variant Aims at IE Hole It #39;s time to face Doom yet again. The latest MyDoom virus variant is once again running amok across the Internet, according to reports from security firms.
Man Charged in MS Windows Leak The man responsible for selling portions of Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) Windows NT and 2000 source code earlier this year was charged with one count of unlawfully distributing a trade secret by the US Attorney #39;s Office in Manhattan Tuesday.
\$1 million bond set for alleged spammer #39;s freedom Alleged spammer Jeremy Jaynes must pay \$1 million in bail for sending as many as 15 million junk e-mails a day and bilking recipients of millions of dollars, a Virginia judge ordered this week.
Ownership of Anti-Spam Measure Queried at Talks Internet companies have begun to change the way e-mail works in order to weed out spam, but experts on Tuesday clashed over whether the underlying technology should be controlled by any one company.
New species of fearsome amphibian uncovered? PITTSBURGH: A geology student on a field trip stumbled across the fossil of an oversized, salamander-like creature with vicious crocodile-like teeth that lived about 300 million years ago, paleontologists said.
Small Vendors Issue Security Challenge To Large Competitors Four vendors of application security products have created an alliance to challenge the ability of large-scale vendors--such as Check Point Software Technologies, Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks 
Microsoft Plugs ISA Vulnerability Microsoft issued a patch for a vulnerability in its server software that could allow an attacker to spoof trusted Internet content.
Dolphins coach quits DAVE WANNSTEDT resigned today as head coach of the Miami Dolphins after the team sank to an NFL-worst 1-8 record. Defensive co-ordinator Jim Bates will take over as interim coach for the remainder of the season.
Clarke in, Katich out Rising star Michael Clarke has been named in the Australian cricket squad for this month #39;s Test series with New Zealand, replacing a luckless Simon Katich.
Names in the Game The Herminator is selling well, just not as well as The Terminator. An Austrian postage stamp depicting Herman Maier, the country #39;s first skiing star to adorn a stamp, sold out in just six weeks after it went on sale Sept.
Patient Describes Ankle Tendon Surgery BOSTON -- Curt Schilling #39;s injury is not common, but another man underwent the same surgery Tuesday. NewsCenter 5 #39;s Liz Brunner took an inside look at the procedure and what patients can expect afterward.
France #39;s Burden in Africa Letting Africans save Africa has become an operating objective for world diplomats. But that #39;s been difficult for one former colonial power, France.
Sunnis quit Iraq government A MAJOR Sunni political party has quit the interim Iraqi Government in protest over the US assault on the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, the party #39;s leader said yesterday.
Madonna weighs in on Iraq Madonna made a rare foray into politics Tuesday, calling for her home country to withdraw its troops from Iraq during an interview with British radio, reports Agence France-Presse.
Vonage Dodges State Regulations The FCC decides that cable, phone and other companies offering internet-based phone services fall under federal jurisdiction. The company calls the ruling a victory for consumers.
Peru Rebel Leader's Lawyer Decries Access The attorney for Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman said Tuesday he has been barred from visiting his client, who is being retried in a civilian court on terrorism charges.
The (mis)information age The online world has once again become a breeding ground for conspiracy theories, this time with allegations that last week's presidential election was rigged in favor of George W. Bush. Missing Links
Sun readies tools line for Solaris 10 Development tools for upcoming upgrade to Unix operating system will be coming soon.
Lawyer 'barred from Peru rebel' The lawyer for Abimael Guzman, ex-leader of Peru's Shining Path rebels, says he is denied access to his client.
Israeli Troops Kill Two Palestinians in New Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli forces shot and\killed two Palestinians on Tuesday in separate incidents in the\West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Moody's Raises New York State Bond Rating (Reuters) Reuters - New York State and its bond investors\got some good news on Tuesday as Moody's Investors Service said\it raised the state's general obligation bond rating to "A1"\from "A2," citing a strengthening economy.
NBA Suspends Bucks' Fizer for One Game (AP) AP - The NBA suspended Milwaukee Bucks forward Marcus Fizer on Tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge.
Liberty denies News Corp plot LIBERTY MEDIA, the second-biggest shareholder in The News Corporation, yesterday denied that it had any hostile intentions towards the media group - a week after it raised its voting 
NAB profit down 20pc NATIONAL Australia Bank Ltd today became the first of the Australia #39;s big banks to report a fall in 2004 annual net profit and said the result reflected problems that had been accumulating for years.
EDS to file for Q3 report extension Technology services firm Electronic Data Systems Corp. plans to seek a five-day extension for its quarterly report from the US Securities and Exchange commission, according to news reports Tuesday.
SEC to Propose Tighter Exchange Governance (Associated Press) The Securities and Exchange Commission will propose soon a plan to tighten governance at the nation #39;s stock exchanges to ensure they are serving the public interest, SEC Chairman William Donaldson said Friday.
Int #39;l Paper to Sell Woodlands for \$250M International Paper Co., the world #39;s largest forest products company, has agreed to sell all of the 1.1 million acres of woodlands it owns in Maine and New Hampshire to GMO Renewable Resources LLC for \$250 million.
US Middle East reform initiative to hold first session in Morocco (AFP) AFP - A Washington-inspired project for Middle East reform will begin in Morocco next month by looking at ways of improving cooperation and strengthening political and economic reform, the foreign ministry said.
Innovation isn't the panacea it seems Innovation has become an all-purpose tonic, the default prescription for every pain associated with the retrenching American economy. Whatever the problem -- slower growth, global competition, fewer well-paying jobs -- innovating, we are told, is the solution.
Halo 2 heads out Following a flurry of midnight sales, one of 2004 #39;s most anticipated Xbox titles is in gamers #39; hands. Almost three years to the day after Halo: Combat Evolved first crash-landed onto the Xbox, its sequel has finally arrived.
HyperTransport Consortium Announces HTX Spec HyperTransport Technology Consortium announced today that is has approved HTX, the industry #39;s first HyperTransport technology expansion connector specification.
Boeing, Northrop Grumman to Team Up on Spaceship (Reuters) Reuters - Two aerospace giants,\Boeing Co. and Northrop Grumman Corp., said on Tuesday they\will form a partnership to compete for the contract to build
English League Cup: Arsenal 3, Everton 1 Italian teen Arturo Lupoli scored two goals to lead Arsenal past Everton 3-1 Tuesday, putting the Gunners in the fifth round of the English League Cup.
Mutu sacks his Romanian agents Romanian striker Adrian Mutu, who was dismissed by English premier league club Chelsea for taking cocaine before being banned by the Football Association last week, fired his agents on Monday.
Australia delays announcing lineup Australia delayed announcing its squad for the first cricket Test against New Zealand next week and Kiwi skipper Stephen Fleming delayed his arrival in Sydney due to illness.
Report: Clarett Claims Cash, Cars Among OSU Benefits COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Former Ohio State tailback Maurice Clarett told ESPN The Magazine that he  quot;took the fall quot; for the school during a 2003 NCAA investigation into the football program.
Schilling set for operation: Expected back in February Two days before results of the 2004 American League Cy Young Award balloting are to be announced, Red Sox stats, schedule right-hander Curt Schilling stats, news 
The conflict without Arafat The imminent passing of Yasser Arafat will mark the beginning of a new era in the Arab-Israeli conflict. For a century, Palestinian national politics has been dominated by two men: Hajj Amin al-Husseini led 
Mozilla considers desktop search integration for Firefox Having launched the much-awaited version 1.0 of the Firefox browser on Tuesday, the Mozilla Foundation is busy planning future enhancements to the open-source product, including the possibility of integrating it with a variety of desktop search tools. The Mozilla Foundation also wants to place Firefox in PCs through OEM (original equipment manufacturer) deals with PC hardware vendors and to continue to sharpen the product's pop-up ad blocking technology.
Browns Place Garmon, Bodden on IR (AP) AP - The Browns placed offensive lineman Kelvin Garmon and defensive back Leigh Bodden on injured reserve Tuesday.
Cisco Systems Earnings Rise, Stock Falls Cisco Systems Inc., the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet, on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for its networking gear.
StreamCast asks Supreme Court to reject RIAA/MPAA requests StreamCast, which owns the Morpheus P2P Network has formally asked the US Supreme Court to reject requests made by the Motion Pictures Association of America (MPAA) and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) to revisit lower court decisions 
NBA suspends Fizer for one game following guilty plea on gun &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The NBA suspended Milwaukee Bucks guard Marcus Fizer on Tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge. Fizer, who signed with the Bucks last Thursday, is currently on the injured list with a knee injury and out four to six weeks.
Legal Woes Swamp Marsh #39;s Quarter The aftershocks of October #39;s insurance scandal continued to punish Marsh  amp; McLennan (MMC:NYSE - news - research) Tuesday. Just weeks after it was hit with kickback and bid-rigging allegations, the New York 
Several dead at Ivory Coast demo Several people have died after shooting at an anti-French protest in Ivory Coast #39;s commercial capital, Abidjan. Several witnesses told the BBC that French peacekeepers opened fire on a crowd of tens of thousands supporters of Ivorian government.
US troops meet fierce resistance in Falluja US troops today pushed further towards the centre of Falluja after a night of artillery and aerial bombardment of the city. The Associated Press reported heavy street fighting in the northern districts from 
No Savior of League Lockout, Says 'Great One'  TORONTO (Reuters) - Wayne Gretzky is an ice hockey god to  millions of Canadians but even the "Great One" is unable to  offer a solution to the labor dispute now threatening to wipe  out the entire NHL season.
Cisco Systems Earnings Rise, Stock Falls  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc., the biggest maker  of equipment that directs data over the Internet, on Tuesday  said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for  its networking gear.
Fusion reactor decision stalled Six nations planning to build the world's biggest nuclear fusion reactor fail to agree where to site the facility.
Microsoft Sees \$100 Million First Day for 'Halo 2' Game  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - First-day sales of Microsoft  Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; new video game "Halo 2" will reach \$100  million, a senior Microsoft games executive said on Tuesday.
Attorney General and Commerce Secretary Resign From Cabinet John Ashcroft and Don Evans are the first members of President Bush's cabinet to leave as he heads into his second term.
Solid growth lifts Cisco fortunes Cisco Systems, the IT systems producer, records a strong start to the year with first quarter profits rising 29.
Halo 2 Rakes in \$100 Million It's the hottest ticket in town, as dedicated fans flock to retailers to grab copies of Microsoft's new video game. The opening-day sales figures catapult the sequel to the top of the entertainment heap.
Fumes 'not winter asthma trigger' Air pollution has been wrongly blamed for worsening winter cases of asthma, say US researchers.
Stress-free shopping with a seasoned pro Bring Jenny DiDomenico a list of 12 friends and relatives, and she could have your holiday shopping done for you in about two hours.
Aviation Key in Climate Change Battle -UK Report (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair must make aircraft\pollution a priority in his drive to confront the problems of\climate change, an expert parliamentary committee of peers said\on Wednesday.
Boston hospital mends its finances Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center this week plans to announce its first annual operating profit since the 1996 merger that brought one of the city's premier medical institutions to the brink of bankruptcy.
Cisco Systems Earnings Rise 29 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet,  on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger  demand for its networking gear.
Amazon CEO Predicts Record Holiday Season  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Amazon.com chief executive Jeff  Bezos on Tuesday said the online retailer was poised for record  holiday sales, with MP3 players and digital cameras leading the  way as this year's hot gift items.
Palestinian Sources Say Arafat Dead, Others Deny  PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat suffered  a brain hemorrhage on Tuesday and aides said he had died at a  French hospital, but confusion over his fate grew as officials  insisted in public that he still clung to life.
Currencies: Dollar firms on euro amid EU warnings NEW YORK The dollar firmed against the euro on Tuesday, finding support from a growing chorus of European officials expressing concerns over the rapid ascent of their currency.
Chambers: Modestly  #39;Pleased #39; As Cisco Profit Rises 29 Cisco Systems (nasdaq: CSCO - news - people ) posted first-quarter results Tuesday, and investors are likely jumping like the firm #39;s financials: Profit rose 29, as the network equipper cited strong activity in both its traditional arenas as well as in 
Embattled US insurer Marsh and McLellan axes 3,000 jobs NEW YORK : US insurance giant Marsh and McLellan Co., facing a lawsuit for allegedly rigging bids, announced it is cutting about 3,000 jobs, five percent of the global staff.
National Foods Suspends Discussions With SPC Ardmona (Update1) National Foods Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest fresh milk producer, ended merger talks with SPC Ardmona Ltd. so investors can consider Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd.
Gemstar 3Q Loss Up on TV Guide Devaluation Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. posted a much wider third-quarter net loss as it wrote off the remaining goodwill on the TV Guide magazine business.
Courting the Pentagon WASHINGTON As a corporate symbol, it #39;s hard to find anyone more all-American than Sammy Pence of Grand Prairie, Texas. With his cowboy hat and boots, and his bold stance in front of a helicopter painted red 
NTSB warns of near airplane collisions On a clear day in Los Angeles last August there was a close call that almost ended in disaster. Tuesday, the NTSB released animation and radio transmissions, revealing a Southwest 737 cleared 
Afghans Need More Help as Next Elections Near -UN  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The world must not neglect  Afghanistan now that its presidential election is over because  upcoming parliamentary and local elections will be far harder  to manage, a top U.N. official said on Tuesday.
The game #39;s no angel, but it #39;s got a halo VANCOUVER - A new computer game launched by Microsoft on Tuesday is graphic, violent - and wildly popular. Halo 2 is a console game where Master Chief,  quot;a genetically enhanced super-soldier, quot; battles to 
Patch in for Microsoft server spoofing flaw A flaw in Microsoft #39;s security server software could allow an attacker to fool business users into thinking that malicious content can be trusted, the software giant warned on Tuesday.
Boeing, Northrop Grumman to Team Up on Spaceship Two aerospace giants, Boeing Co. and Northrop Grumman Corp., said on Tuesday they will form a partnership to compete for the contract to build NASA #39;s next manned spaceship.
Microsoft to Preview New Search Engine Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates speaks Tuesday, Nov. 9, 2004 at Microsoft Corp. #39;s annual shareholders meeting in Bellevue, Wash.
Conn. Man Charged with Selling Secret Windows Code A Connecticut man was arrested on Tuesday on charges that he illegally sold a secret source code used for Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSFT.
Fantastic fossil find by geology student PITTSBURGH - Paleontologists are hailing the discovery by a first-year geology student of a new species of amphibian, a salamander-like creature that lived 300 million years ago.
Israeli Troops Kill Two Palestinians in New Violence  NABLUS, West Bank (Reuters) - Israeli forces shot and  killed two Palestinians on Tuesday in separate incidents in the  West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Silverstone gets green light for GP next year The new broom busily at work in Formula One has swept the British Grand Prix back on the calendar. At a meeting in London described as unprecedented by F1 commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone 
Robinson #39;s captaincy completes cross-code revolution BAGSHOT, ENGLAND - Jason Robinson #39;s appointment as the first former rugby league player to captain England #39;s rugby side amply proves how the previously insurmountable gulf between the codes has been bridged.
Coaching change won #39;t help Dolphins win Here #39;s what you didn #39;t hear from the Dolphins on Tuesday: You didn #39;t hear anyone suggest this day helps them win. You didn #39;t hear anyone pretend this franchise is improved.
Ferguson sure that Fletcher will come good Manchester United #39;s Scottish international midfielder Darren Fletcher is expected to make a rare appearance against Crystal Palace in the Carling Cup.
Ohio State denies Clarett accusations Columbus, OH (Sports Network) - Former Ohio State running back Maurice Clarett has accused Buckeyes head coach Jim Tressel and his staff of giving him cars, cash and improper benefits while he was enrolled at the University.
Drug test could cost Ireland its only Athens gold IRELAND looks certain to be stripped of its only gold medal from the Athens Olympics after the nations most popular horse, Waterford Crystal, tested positive for a banned drug.
Auburn #39;s BCS gripe understandable, but it can #39;t claim a tough &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; You know, I had a feeling I got ripped off by those landscapers last summer. It was like they didn #39;t even do any work. Guess I shouldn #39;t have hired those Ohio State football players.
VIEW: Arafats ghost Barry Rubin Rarely in history has a political movement been so deliberately set by its founder on a course towards chaos. Arafat not only left no successor, but also no order.
Iraq #39;s Sunni Clerics Call for Election Boycott An influential group of Sunni Muslim clerics on Tuesday urged Iraqis to boycott the first democratic election in decades in protest at a US-led offensive against the rebel-held city of Falluja.
Fusion reactor decision must wait The six nations planning to build the world #39;s biggest nuclear fusion reactor ended their latest meeting with no agreement on a site for the facility.
Fifteen years after the fall On November 9, 1989, jubilant Germans breached the ugly concrete wall that separated East and West Berlin. Soon the Wall began to disappear piece by piece, visible evidence the Cold War was over.
Islamic Rebels Behead 2nd Thai Buddhist Suspected Islamic militants beheaded a Buddhist laborer in Thailand #39;s tumultuous south, police said Tuesday, the second such killing in retaliation for the deaths 
Afghanistan says hopes rise for release of UN workers Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. KABUL, Afghanistan -- Afghanistan #39;s government said Tuesday that progress had been made towards freeing three 
Aftershocks of a fender bender In Massachusetts, where the average annual auto insurance premium is nearly \$1,100 and drivers are involved in more accidents than anywhere else in the country, a claim for \$4,000 barely raises an eyebrow.
Deadly Clash in Ivory Coast as Mbeki Seeks Peace  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Gunfire killed at least 10 and wounded  hundreds in a clash involving French troops, protesters and  local security forces in Ivory Coast on Tuesday, the fourth  straight day of chaotic violence in the West African country.
Rocket Wins Record Seventh Cy Young Award (AP) AP - Clearly, sticking around the major leagues was a great career move for Roger Clemens. As dominant as ever after reversing his decision to retire, the 42-year-old Rocket easily won his record seventh Cy Young Award on Tuesday after taking the Houston Astros within one win of the World Series.
Healthcare price tag is coming your way Where would you rather have your baby delivered -- at a prestigious Boston teaching hospital or at a community hospital near your home? My guess is most people would opt for the teaching hospital.
Rockies Oust McMorris From Management (AP) AP - Jerry McMorris was ousted from the Colorado Rockies' board of directors and management, ending a 12-year relationship between the team and the man who controlled the franchise during its first decade.
Wizards, United Prepare for Showdown (AP) AP - The Kansas City Wizards and D.C. United plan to play the same scrappy style in the MLS championship game that they used to get that far.
IBM Plans Web Meeting Service, Takes Aim at WebEx  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; plans to offer  Web-conferencing as a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach  small and medium-sized business customers while taking on more  established rivals in the market, the company said on Tuesday.
Will pocket-size Sony PC take on iPod? Consumers can take music, photos and movies on the road when Sony's Vaio U hits the United States next month.
Microsoft settles anti-trust case  2004-11-09  Microsoft has recently said that it had finally laid to rest the anti-trust case against it in the US, when it reached an agreement with the Computer  amp; Communications Industry Association (CCIA), the final group seeking to overturn its 
TechBrief: States can #39;t regulate Net phones US regulators ruled Tuesday that providers of Internet-based telephone call services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government and cannot be regulated by states.
From mouths of babes: What's hot, what's not How hot are the ''Hot Dozen quot; toys? To find out, The Boston Globe put six toys from the 2004 Toy Wishes magazine Hot Dozen list in front of 13 kids from the Charlestown Boys and Girls Club. The kids, from 6 to 8 years old, spent an hour last week playing with toys ranging from a Cabbage Patch doll to ...
Marsh   McLennan to Cut 3,000 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Marsh   McLennan Cos. , the\insurance broker at the center of a bid-rigging scandal, on\Tuesday said it will lay off 3,000 employees, or 5 percent of\its work force.
Microsoft to Preview New Search Engine (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp., stepping up its efforts to compete with rival Google Inc., will offer consumers a preview of its technology for searching the Internet, beginning Thursday.
S.Korea Says Warns North After Boat Intrudes (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea's navy sent three warning\messages to the North after a North Korean patrol boat briefly\crossed a disputed maritime border, the South Korean military\said on Wednesday.
Texas Performs 21st Execution This Year A former high school football star who helped abduct a man from the parking lot of a gay nightclub, then robbed and killed him, was executed on Tuesday in the 21st lethal injection in Texas this year.
By: Jon Wilcox The biggest game release in the history of videogames creates a highly entertaining if a little predictable experience... Its Halo on fire, going 130mph through a hospital zone, being chased by helicopters 
App-Firewall Vendors Challenge Rivals to a Test Saying that they #39;re fed up with some security vendors claiming that their products protect against application-level attacks, a group of application-firewall vendors on Tuesday will issue a challenge to Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
IBM Plans Web Meeting Service, Takes Aim at WebEx (Reuters) Reuters - IBM  plans to offer\Web-conferencing as a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach\small and medium-sized business customers while taking on more\established rivals in the market, the company said on Tuesday.
British Muslims condemn Fallujah 'slaughter' (AFP) AFP - Muslim organizations in Britain condemned the US-led assault on the Iraqi rebel stronghold of Fallujah, describing the offensive as a  quot;ghastly quot; counterproductive move to pro-democracy efforts.
Cisco First-Quarter Profits Up 29 Percent (AP) AP - Cisco Systems Inc.'s fiscal first-quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant reported continued strength in its traditional markets as well as emerging technologies such as Internet telephones, wireless and home networking gear.
Mozilla Mulls Desktop Search Features for Firefox Browser (PC World) PC World - Mozilla hopes to capture more than 10 percent of the browser market in 2005.
Sun is upgrading enterprise development tool suite Sun Microsystems on Tuesday unveiled Version 7 of the companys enterprise development tool suite, Sun Java Studio Enterprise, and previewed a JVM that will support 64-bit AMD Opteron processors.
Showjumper Faces Losing Gold Medal Irish showjumper Cian OConnor was facing the prospect of losing his Olympics gold medal tonight after a second positive drugs test on his horse.
Oracle Lobbies PeopleSoft on Takeover Bid (AP) AP - Business software maker Oracle Corp. is trying to sway the outcome of its  #36;9.2 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc. by meeting directly with its rival's major shareholders, hoping to persuade them the all-cash offer is their best remaining option.
Sun is upgrading enterprise development tool suite (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sun Microsystems on Tuesday unveiled Version 7 of the company #8217;s enterprise development tool suite, Sun Java Studio Enterprise, and previewed a JVM that will support 64-bit AMD Opteron processors.
Dosanjh slams doctors, pharmacists who give prescriptions to unknown Americans (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Canada's health minister says doctors and pharmacists who give prescriptions to Americans without meeting them first are being unethical.
IBM trots out new Workplace products SAN FRANCISCO -- IBM on Tuesday released a series of new products and services in its Workplace productivity software lineup. IBM Workplace blends collaborative tools from Lotus Notes/Domino with WebSphere Portal and Everyplace technologies.
Safety Board Faults FAA Runway Safety Effort A near-collision between a jumbo jet and another plane in August prompted US safety investigators on Tuesday to classify as unacceptable aviation regulators #39; efforts to improve runway safety.
IBM Expands Workplace Offerings IBM Lotus expanded its lineup of Workplace client-computing software Tuesday, debuting an Express version of the product for small and midsize businesses.
British grand prix thrown a lifeline The British grand prix may, after all, be on next year #39;s calendar after a dramatic development yesterday as nine of the 10 formula one teams agreed to cost-cutting measures that could allow the race to take place on July 3.
B-test proves positive The Irish showjumper Cian O #39;Connor faces losing his Olympic gold medal after a B-tested blood sample confirmed traces of banned substances in the horse he rode to victory in Athens.
Dollar Edges Up After Euro Talked Down (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar crept up on Wednesday,\enjoying some respite from recent falls due to caution ahead of\an announcement on U.S. interest rates and after more European\officials spoke out against the euro's rapid rise.
Trojans Closing in on National Title Game (AP) AP - Here's how well things are going at Southern California: Coach Pete Carroll is worried about ball security even though his top-ranked Trojans are tied for second nationally in turnover margin.
Dollar Edges Up After Euro Talked Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar crept up on Wednesday,  enjoying some respite from recent falls due to caution ahead of  an announcement on U.S. interest rates and after more European  officials spoke out against the euro's rapid rise.
Minaya Heads South, and Things Heat Up KEY BISCAYNE, Fla., Nov. 8 - When Omar Minaya checked into the Ritz-Carlton on Monday for the major league baseball general managers meetings, he had a receiving line of New York reporters waiting for him in the lobby.
Pennington May Be Out for a Month A magnetic resonance imaging test Monday revealed that Jets quarterback Chad Pennington had a strained rotator cuff in his right shoulder.
Seoul Sees Efforts Gathering Pace for N.Korea Talks (Reuters) Reuters - This week's talks between Japan and North\Korea show that efforts to hold another round of six-party\negotiations on the North's nuclear program are gathering pace,\South Korea's foreign minister said on Wednesday.
Insurgents Warn Iraqis to Stay Home (AP) AP - A posting on an Islamist Web site warned Iraqis to stay at home Wednesday in Baghdad and other cities or they would be "putting their lives in danger."
Amazon CEO Bezos Predicts Record Holiday Season (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com chief executive Jeff\Bezos on Tuesday said the online retailer was poised for record\holiday sales, with MP3 players and digital cameras leading the\way as this year's hot gift items.
Bush Cabinet Quote Box (AP) AP - Reactions Tuesday to the resignations of Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans:
Marsh Grass Threatens Plants in S.F. Bay (AP) AP - An exotic marsh grass is spreading throughout San Francisco Bay more rapidly than anticipated, threatening native plants and birds and prompting an urgent search for ways to eradicate it.
Study Shows Golf Courses Good for Birds (AP) AP - A new study shows that golf courses can be good homes for more than one kind of birdie. The study by South Carolina researchers tracked bird mating seasons for two years on 24 golf courses along the Grand Strand. The study found that natural vegetation on the region's courses increases the bird population and variety of birds, as well as drawing other animals.
Solar Sail Craft to Be Launched in March (AP) AP - A solar sail spacecraft designed to be propelled by the pressure of sunlight will be launched early next year, The Planetary Society said Tuesday.
Congo Mine, Source of Atom Bombs, Stays Shut -UN  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A mine in the Democratic  Republic of Congo that provided uranium for the U.S. atomic  bombs dropped on Japan in 1945 -- the first nuclear weapons  used in warfare -- is too dangerous to reopen, the United  Nations said on Tuesday.
FCC Takes VoIP Regulation Out of State's Hands Decision exempts Vonage from Minnesota state telephony laws.
Mozilla Mulls Desktop Search Features for Firefox Browser Mozilla hopes to capture more than 10 percent of the browser market in 2005.
Wireless USB Standard Pledged by Year's End Decision may bring world of wireless peripherals to market.
Amazon CEO Wants to Go Into Space on Own Rocket (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has a\loftier goal than dominating the online retail market -- he\wants to help colonize space.
News.com Extra: Mozilla claims no Google browser in the works Plus: Microsoft ready to launch search engine
Northrop, Boeing to Issue Joint NASA Bid (AP) AP - Defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp. and Boeing Co., the world's largest aerospace company, said Tuesday they will bid as a team to compete for NASA's planned manned and robotic space exploration program.
Verizon expands DSL service Baby Bell extends broadband offerings to 16 more regions in its geographical footprint.
'Heavy fighting' ahead in Falluja The full-scale assault on the Iraqi rebel city of Falluja could intensify, warns the US officer in charge of the offensive.
Clarett Accuses Ohio State of N.C.A.A. Violations Maurice Clarett's contentions in an ESPN the Magazine article were dismissed by the Ohio State athletic director as issues the university had already dealt with.
For Mourning and Others, Higher Stakes Than a Trophy Alonzo Mourning should dwell less on his passion for winning an N.B.A. championship and more on being a champion of the transplant community.
Mets Hire Two Assistants in Front Office (AP) AP - The New York Mets hired two special assistants Tuesday, getting former major leaguer Tony Bernazard from the players' union and grabbing Sandy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
U.S. Team Wins Tommy Bahama Challenge (AP) AP - Americans Hank Kuehne, Chad Campbell, Zach Johnson and Chris Riley beat a foursome of international players on the first playoff hole Tuesday in the inaugural Tommy Bahama Challenge.
Dollar Up, Stocks, Bonds Flat Before Fed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose above an all-time low  against the euro on Tuesday, while stocks and bonds ended  little changed as markets stayed cautious before the Federal  Reserve's Wednesday meeting on interest rates.
Cisco Systems Earnings Rise 29 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet,  on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger  demand for gear such as wireless networks and Internet  telephone equipment.
Cisco boosts Q1 net income, revenue Cisco Systems Inc. on Tuesday reported significant gains in earnings and revenue for its fiscal 2005 first quarter that met analyst expectations.
Antivirus subscription prices climb Troublesome Trojan horses, virulent worms, nasty viruses--sometimes it may seem like the Internet exists just to let the bad guys attack your PC.
Fed to raise US rates to underpin steady growth WASHINGTON: Another small hike in US interest rates is seen as a certainty when Federal Reserve policy-makers meet on Wednesday - a step on the march toward a level of rates necessary to underpin long-term expansion.
Crude futures continue freefall, with prices at seven-week lows? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil futures continued to plummet Wednesday on the belief that fuel supplies in the United States will be adequate to deal with its coming winter.
Euro Disney Sees Capital Increase in Mid-Jan Euro Disney plans a life-saving 250 million euro (\$322 million) capital increase in mid-January if market conditions permit, said its finance 
Cisco Profits Are Higher, but Investors Want More Cisco Systems, the largest maker of Internet networking equipment, reported Tuesday that its first-quarter profit rose 29 percent, squarely in line with Wall Street forecasts.
Insurer will cut 3,000 jobs worldwide Marsh  amp; McLennan, the broker at the centre of America #39;s insurance scandal, yesterday said it was cutting 3,000 jobs worldwide, including about 280 in the UK, as it reported a 94pc slump in third-quarter profits.
Sarkozy says UK cannot  #39;change its address #39; and ignore Europe Britain should look to Europe rather than the US for its economic destiny, the French Finance Minister said yesterday as Gordon Brown launched a scathing attack on the euro system.
Digital Subscribers Help Cablevision Cut Loss Cablevision Systems said yesterday that its loss in the third quarter was 41 percent smaller than in the period last year as demand for its digital television, high-speed Internet and phone services offset higher operating costs.
China Netcom Raises \$1.14 Bln in IPO for Expansion (Update1) China Netcom Group Corp. (Hong Kong) Ltd., China #39;s second-biggest fixed-line phone company, raised \$1.14 billion in an initial public offering to expand and upgrade its telecommunications systems and pay bank loans.
At Last, a Microsoft Search Tool Microsoft is planning to introduce its long-awaited Internet search engine on Thursday, a person knowledgeable about the announcement said.
Connecticut Man Accused of Selling Microsoft Code A Connecticut computer hacker was arrested yesterday and charged with selling copies of Microsoft Windows proprietary source code.
Northrop, Boeing to partner in spaceship deal Northrop Grumman Corp. and Boeing Co. have formed a partnership Tuesday to compete in a deal to build NASA #39;s next manned spaceship -- a deal with multi-billion dollar potential, according to reports.
Emlyn Hughes, a star on the pitch and the screen, dies aged 57 To football fans he will be remembered as the indomitable leader of the Reds. To many others, the defining memory of Emlyn Hughes will be of a jumper-wearing, quiz-show team captain being berated by Princess Anne for his spelling.
Discord in Miami as Wannstedt Quits The departure yesterday of Miami Dolphins Coach Dave Wannstedt adds another layer of unrest to a Miami season that has included the unexpected preseason retirement of the star running back 
Ferdinand:  quot;We #39;re in It Together quot; Rio Ferdinand has rejected Sir Alex Fergusons theory that Manchester United are finding the Barclays Premiership too mundane - and told his team-mates they must all shoulder responsibility 
Equestrianism: O #39;Connor to lose gold as drug test confirmed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Statements issued yesterday by the Irish rider, Cian O #39;Connor, and his solicitor, Andrew Coonan, have confirmed the presence of forbidden substances in a blood sample taken from the horse 
Banned for having weapon MILWAUKEE Bucks forward Marcus Fizer was suspended for one game without pay by the NBA today after pleading guilty to unlawful possession of a weapon.
Arafat said to be on brink of death Yasser Arafat was reported teetering on the brink of death last night, with one wire service quoting a senior Palestinian official saying that the Palestinian leader had died of liver failure.
Sudan signs key peace deals with rebels as Darfur crisis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUDAN and its rebel enemies yesterday signed two  quot;landmark quot; peace deals to try to bring stability to the region of Darfur amid United Nations warnings that the humanitarian situation was getting worse.
Cisco First-Quarter Profits Up 29 Percent SAN JOSE, Calif. - Cisco Systems Inc. #39;s fiscal first-quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant reported continued strength in its traditional markets as well as emerging technologies 
Dell to spend \$115 million on new plant Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Cablevision Captures Customers Few companies see their shares move solidly higher after posting a \$63 million (\$0.22) quarterly loss, but that is exactly the reaction Cablevision Systems (NYSE: CVC) received 
Report: Boeing Probe Widens Government scrutiny of Boeing (BA:NYSE - news - research) appears to be widening, with federal prosecutors reportedly now looking at a \$100 billion Army program Boeing oversees.
Legends remember  #39;bundle of joy #39; Emlyn Hughes #39; passion for football and for life will be the abiding memory of those who knew him. The former England and Liverpool captain Hughes, who died today aged 57, led the Anfield side to two European 
US team wins Tommy Bahama Challenge in playoff Americans Hank Kuehne, Chad Campbell, Zach Johnson and Chris Riley beat a foursome of international players on the first playoff hole Tuesday in the inaugural Tommy Bahama Challenge.
Lehmann in, Katich out ... again Simon Katich has lost a close call for the final batting place to Darren Lehmann for the first Test against New Zealand at the Gabba, starting on November 18.
US-led forces advance towards heart of Falluja US-led forces thrust at least one km (half a mile) into rebel-held Falluja on Tuesday and were not far from the Iraqi citys heart, residents and an Iraqi army officer said.
Cisco Systems Earnings Rise 29 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Cisco Systems Inc. , the\biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet,\on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger\demand for gear such as wireless networks and Internet\telephone equipment.
Powell: U.S., Iran to Talk Iraq Stability (AP) AP - The United States expects to sit down with Iran at an international conference to discuss stability in Iraq, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday. Washington and Tehran have no diplomatic relations.
Japan Account Surplus Expands in Sept. (AP) AP - Japan's current account surplus expanded 9.3 percent in September from a year earlier, for its 15th consecutive month of growth, the government said Wednesday.
FCC Takes on Oversight of Internet Phone Services The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services on Tuesday by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.
Halo 2 Rakes in \$100 Million First-day sales of Microsoft #39;s new video game Halo 2 will reach \$100 million, a senior Microsoft games executive said Tuesday.
Microsoft to Preview New Search Engine REDMOND, Wash. - Microsoft Corp., stepping up its efforts to compete with rival Google Inc., will offer consumers a preview of its technology for searching the Internet, beginning Thursday.
Rocket Wins Record Seventh Cy Young Award Houston Astros starting pitcher Roger Clemens reacts after Astros catcher Brad Ausmus picked off St. Louis Cardinals Tony Womack at first base in the fifth inning during Game 7 of the NL championship series at Busch Stadium in St.
NBA #39;s Fizer suspended one game after weapons guilty plea Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. NEW YORK, New York, United States of America -- Milwaukee Bucks forward Marcus Fizer was suspended one game 
WWW KOTV.com _ Two of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan have called home to say they are OK, officials and relatives said Tuesday, and one hostage said she expected to be released soon.
Japan Navy Mobilized After Sub Seen in Japan Waters  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's navy was mobilized on Wednesday  after an unidentified submarine was found in Japanese waters,  the top government spokesman said, confirming a report by  public broadcaster NHK.
US expecting another interest rate hike WASHINGTON - The unexpected boom in US job creation in October has locked in an interest rate rise Wednesday and will likely encourage another tightening in December, analysts said.
Monday #39;s MLB roundup Seattle Mariners: The team has hired former major league player and manager Don Baylor as hitting coach. Baylor, 55, spent the past two seasons as a bench coach for the New York Mets.
Dutch Hold Memorial for Slain Filmmaker (AP) AP - Dutch Muslims and Christians urged an end to a cycle of retaliatory vandalism of mosques and churches Tuesday as slain filmmaker Theo van Gogh was cremated, a week after his murder by a suspected Islamic radical.
China returns N Korea refugees China repatriates up to 70 North Koreans caught in Beijing while allegedly preparing to seek asylum.
Aides Seeking Arafat Burial in West Bank As Yasir Arafat lay in a deep coma, Palestinian officials asked Israel for permission to bury him in Ramallah.
Even Digital Memories Can Fade The problem of preserving digital photos and other electronic records for future decades confounds even the experts.
Malaysia's laws on gay sex need to be amended: Anwar (AFP) AFP - Malaysia's laws on homosexuality need to be amended, says former deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim, whose conviction and nine-year jail sentence for sodomy were recently overturned on appeal.
Clemens May Take His 7 Cy Youngs and Go Home Roger Clemens sounded like a relieved pitcher who had thrown his last fastball after easily winning an unprecedented seventh Cy Young Award.
Jets' Carter Back in the Kitchen, Heat and All Because of quarterback Chad Pennington's strained rotator cuff, Quincy Carter, a four-year veteran, is being thrown into the fire again.
Cricket: Warne back to face NZ Australia's Darren Lehmann and Shane Warne return to take on New Zealand.
Malone #39;s side:  #39;We don #39;t have hostile intentions #39; Liberty Media CEO Robert Bennett did his part Tuesday to try to quash growing speculation that his company #39;s chairman, John Malone, is positioning himself to take a run at Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp.
Rose wields the axe as M amp;S slide continues Marks  amp; Spencer chief executive Stuart Rose yesterday took hands-on control of the underperforming retailer, announcing the departure of four main board directors and two other senior executives.
Marsh cuts 3,000 jobs as lawsuit slashes profits by 90 Marsh  amp; McLennan, the insurance broker grappling with allegations of fraud, yesterday announced plans to cut 3,000 jobs and reported a fall in third quarter profits of more than 90.
FCC Rules Vonage is Not Subject to State Jurisdiction The FCC ruled that Vonage #39;s broadband telephony service is not subject to traditional state public utility regulation and asserted its federal authority over VoIP.
California Backs Merger of 2 Giant Blue Cross Plans TV quot; gt; Anthem and WellPoint Health Networks, two giant Blue Cross plans, finally won approval yesterday from California #39;s insurance commissioner for their \$16.
London analysts hard hit by Commerzbank cuts Commerzbank is almost halving the number of people in its London securities operation in a drastic effort to boost the profitability of the loss-making operation.
Lloyds TSB transfers 1,000 more jobs to India Lloyds TSB is moving another 1,000 jobs to India, increasing its workforce in Bangalore and Mumbai to 2,500 by the end of next year.
Russia offers to buy Canadian steel company Russian steel giant OAO Severstal on Tuesday made a formal takeover offer for Canadian #39;s insolvent Stelco Inc. which is in the midst of bankruptcy protection.
Nets Nip Blazers 64-60 in Offensive Dud (AP) AP - Alonzo Mourning scored 14 points, including two layups down the stretch, and the New Jersey Nets found some late offense to beat the Portland Trail Blazers 64-60 Tuesday night in what was nearly the lowest scoring game in modern NBA history.
Mozilla launches Firefox 1.0 Mozilla Foundation, creators of the open-source browser Firefox, has released version 1.0 of its highly successful browser today. Firefox 1.0 browser will strongly compete against Microsofts Internet Explorer with more features and functionalities.
Microsoft launches Halo 2 Microsoft Corp. finally came through with Halo 2 and ended the waiting period of millions of gamers worldwide today by announcing Halo 2 in the market.
Intel Fleshes out Itanium 2 Line with High-performance, Lower &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Intel is shipping six new processors aimed at filling out its burgeoning Itanium 2 server CPU lineup. But, more than that, Intel hopes that the new CPUs will provide it with traction 
 #39;Ice volcano #39; on Titan WASHINGTON: The European-American Cassini-Huygens space probe has detected traces of ice flowing on the surface of Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan, suggesting the existence of an ice volcano, NASA said Tuesday.
Knicks Top 76ers Day After Helm Resigns (AP) AP - Lenny Wilkens gained some job security despite coaching without a hand-picked assistant for the first time in his career as the New York Knicks defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 96-88 Tuesday night.
SWIM ACE ON DRINK DRIVE RAP The American swimmer, who won eight medals in Athens this year, was stopped by police after he sped through a stop sign. A state trooper in Salisbury, Maryland, saw signs of intoxication in the 19-year-old 
Marbury sees point in Iverson As if he didn #39;t have the ball in his hands often enough in previous seasons, scoring machine Allen Iverson also is now the point guard for Philadelphia.
Kaluwitharana calls it a day Diminutive yet dynamic Sri Lankan wicketkeeper Romesh Kaluwitharana has retired following his omission from a Sri Lankan training squad due to face New Zealand next month.
Falluja advance encounters sporadic resistance US and Iraqi forces have faced less resistance than expected and suffered minimal casualties, a commander said Tuesday, as the troops continue their second day of assaults on militant-controlled Falluja.
Netanyahu Drops Resignation Threat The Israeli finance minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, on Tuesday retracted a threat to resign unless Prime Minister Ariel Sharon set a date for a referendum on plans to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip.
US promises enhanced security, economic ties: Islamabad-Delhi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD, Nov 9: The United States on Tuesday assured Pakistan of continuity and expansion of bilateral ties in all spheres, particularly economic and security matters.
Kabul in Touch With Captors of UN Aides The Afghan government announced Tuesday that contact had been made with the three United Nations election officials kidnapped nearly two weeks ago and expressed hope that they would be released soon.
Blues' AHL Team to Move to Peoria for '05 (AP) AP - The Worcester IceCats will move to Peoria, Ill., next season after the sale of the AHL team by the St. Louis Blues is completed.
Launch Date Set for Cosmos 1, The World #39;s First Solar Sail &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Cosmos 1 team announced today that the worlds first solar sail spacecraft will be set for launch on March 1, 2005 from a submerged submarine in the Barents Sea.
Isiah Thomas, Nobody #39;s Fool, Won #39;t Coach These Knicks WITH the Knicks shedding assistant coaches like a volcano emits warning rumbles, and the Nets reverting back to the bad old days, it could be a long winter for New York.
Legal Woes Cut Into Bottom Line at Riggs Riggs National Corp. said Tuesday that it lost \$10 million in the third quarter, largely the result of \$13 million in fees for a small army of lawyers and consultants to help it navigate a growing list of criminal, regulatory and civil matters.
Priming the Public For Hydrogen Fuel  The new pump at the Shell station on Benning Road NE in the District doesn't look much different from the others, but it represents a new concept in automotive technology: hydrogen power.
FTC Admonishes Media On False Diet Ads As part of a crackdown on false and deceptive diet claims, letters sent Tuesday reminded media companies to stop publishing ads for bogus weight-loss products.
Marsh Plans to Cut 3,000 Jobs to Offset Recent Setbacks Staggered by accusations that it cheated its customers, Marsh   McLennan will lay off 3,000 employees, or 5 percent of its work force.
Heat Hold Off Wizards Shaquille O'Neal has the Miami Heat off to their best start ever after scoring 20 points in a 103-93 victory over the Wizards.
New Study Links Pfizer's Bextra, Similar to Vioxx, to Heart Attacks Patients given Pfizers painkiller Bextra have more than twice as many heart attacks and strokes as those given placebos, according to preliminary results of a study.
As American as Cowboy Boots? The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company is using patriotic imagery in its new marketing campaign to gain a toehold inside the Pentagon.
California Backs Merger of 2 Giant Blue Cross Plans Anthem and Wellpoint Health Networks finally won approval from Californias insurance commissioner for their \$16.4 billion merger.
Union, Agents Clash The NFLPA may discipline at least one of the agents involved in a string of high-profile contract controversies that occurred recently.
Rimando's Prime-Time Net Work A game-winning save in penalty kicks last Saturday marked the pinnacle of a tumultous season for United keeper Nick Rimando.
Dreams turn sour for young Indian doctors in Britain (AFP) AFP -  quot;Don't come here! It's a trap! quot; warns Sanjay Teotia, an Indian doctor whose dream of travelling to Britain for better training and higher income has become a nightmare.
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Tuesday, Nov. 9, 2004, at least 1,145 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 877 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
20 years later, the pain from Bhopal lingers on (AFP) AFP -  quot;I wanted to jump out of the plane because the headache was so unbearable, quot; said Champa Devi Shukla, still in pain after inhaling toxic fumes in the world's largest industrial disaster in India 20 years ago.
Mulroney urges Bush to repair damaged relations with Canada, world (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - It's time for U.S. President George Bush to begin repairing the rift with Canada and other countries opposed to the war in Iraq, says former prime minister Brian Mulroney.
Dollar Edges Up After Euro Talked Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar crept up on Wednesday,  enjoying some respite from recent falls ahead of an  announcement on U.S. interest rates and after more European  officials spoke out against the euro's rapid rise.
No Urban renewal for fading Notre Dame NEW YORK - When Notre Dame fired Tyrone Willingham earlier this week, there was a strong feeling among certain influential Board of Trustees members that the university had to move immediately or risk losing coveted Utah coach Urban Meyer to another school 
Seoul Sees Efforts Gathering Pace for N.Korea Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - This week's talks between Japan and North  Korea show efforts to hold more six-party talks on the North's  nuclear plans are gathering pace and most countries want a  meeting before the year ends, South Korea said on Wednesday.
Lonard claims another win Peter Lonard pipped third-round leader and fellow Australian James Nitties to win the Australian PGA in Melbourne. Lonard, winner of the Australian Open last week, carded a seven-under par round of 65 to finish 
Marketers Plan Holiday Blitzes Ad campaigns for the holiday season from retailers like Best Buy and Target aim to forge emotional bonds with consumers.
Peace Corps Opens Office in Mexico The Peace Corps has opened its first office in Mexico, staffed largely with a new breed of volunteers -- older people with expertise in computers, engineering and business, Peace Corps Director Gaddi H. Vasquez said Tuesday.
Riggs National Subject of Investigation Riggs National Corp., the parent of Riggs Bank, disclosed Tuesday that both the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia and the Department of Justice are conducting an investigation into the bank holding company.
China Netcom Prices IPO At HK\$8.48/Shr;Raises US\$1.14B -2 HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Netcom Group Corp. (Hong Kong) Ltd. (0906.HK) Wednesday priced its initial public offering at HK\$8.48 a share, allowing it to raise US\$1.
Studies: Arctic Thaw Threatens Livelihoods According to the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment, the  quot;Arctic climate is now warming rapidly and much larger changes are projected.
Wizards Fall to Heat In Round 2 Near the end of the third quarter of the Miami Heat #39;s 103-93 win over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday, Shaquille O #39;Neal leaned against the scorer #39;s table in AmericanAirlines 
Former high school football star executed for slaying Houston man HUNTSVILLE, Texas A former high school football star has been executed in Texas for a 1994 slaying. Demarco McCullum was arrested the day that he was supposed to leave for a junior college where he had an athletic scholarship.
Manmohan Singh returns from The Hague Prime Minister Manmohan Singh returned early on Wednesday after a  quot;successful quot; three-day visit to The Hague where he attended the India-EU Summit.
Clinton to Democrats: Discuss Convictions (AP) AP - Former President Clinton, noting an "astonishing turnout among evangelical Christians" in this year's election, warned Tuesday that Democrats "cannot be nationally competitive when we don't feel comfortable talking about our convictions."
FCC Takes VoIP Regulation Out of State #39;s Hands WASHINGTON -- The Federal Communications Commission Tuesday yanked jurisdiction on Internet telephony away from states, a decision that could set a major precedent for the industry.
Halo 2: It is more than just a game A line nearly 250 people long was standing all the night and thats just in order to buy a new video game from Microsoft  quot;Halo 2 quot;.
Microsoft ready to launch search engine Microsoft on Thursday will launch its long-promised Internet search engine, which will compete directly with market leader Google, sources close to the company said Tuesday.
Microsoft Fixes ISA Server Spoofing Flaw A bug in Microsoft #39;s Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0 can let hackers spoof Web content, such as a trusted site, with their own fake content, the Redmond 
More Gran Turismo 4 Info Nike will release a special edition of Gran Turismo 4 on December 3rd in Japan that will come with the game, a special pair of GT4 shoes, an aliminium case, and a special GT4 T-Shirt that when scanned by the Sony EyeToy will unlock a Nike car in-game that 
Robinho: Leave us in peace RIO DE JANEIRO: Brazilian footballer Robinho appealed for his family to be left in peace as he spoke in public for the first time since his mother was kidnapped on Saturday.
NBA ROUNDUP Recovering Hill Powers Magic Past Mavericks By The Associated Press. Grant Hill had 17 points and 9 rebounds, and Steve Francis nearly posted a triple-double in the Magic #39;s 94-84 victory over the Dallas Mavericks last night in Orlando, Fla.
resignation should be no surprise DAVIE - General manager Rick Spielman #39;s voice cracked as he spoke about his good friend and -ulp  -mer colleague. President Eddie Jones said he sat in the auditorium crying as head coach Dave Wannstedt 
Backers In Line for Reward DC Mayor Anthony A. Williams has persuaded seven of the council #39;s 13 members to line up in support of his baseball financing plan by slipping more than \$70 million in 
FCC Rules in Favor of Net Phone Industry (AP) AP - Federal regulators gave a boost Tuesday to the fledgling Internet phone industry, removing a regulatory hurdle that threatened to drive up the cost of making calls through cyberspace.
Digital Memories, Piling Up, May Prove Fleeting The problem of preserving digital photos and other electronic records for future decades confounds even the experts.
At Last, a Microsoft Search Tool Microsoft will introduce its long-awaited Internet search engine on Thursday, a person knowledgeable about the announcement said.
F.C.C. Takes on Oversight of Internet Phone Services The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.
Mudslinging Weasels Into Online History Collaborative history is a wild ride, as Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia maintained by users all over the world, discovered during election season.
Digital Subscribers Help Cablevision Cut Loss Cablevision Systems said that its loss in the third quarter was 41 percent smaller than in the period last year as demand for its digital television, high-speed Internet and phone services offset higher operating costs.
InterMune Gets Subpoena from Justice Dept (Reuters) Reuters - Biotechnology company InterMune Inc. \on Tuesday said it received a subpoena from the U.S. Department\of Justice demanding information related to its key drug\Actimmune, which is designed to spur the immune system.
Kobe Nets 31, Lakers Sting Hornets 106-98 (AP) AP - The Los Angeles Lakers gave new Hornets coach Byron Scott every reason to wish he was still a part of Showtime.
FCC Asserts Role as Internet Phone Regulator The ruling, which asserts that the federal government, not states, has the authority to regulate phone service provided over the Internet.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
NASA Shoots for Mach 10 The agency plans to prove that the 40-year-old dream of "hypersonic" flight -- using air-breathing engines to reach speeds above 3,800 mph is a reality. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
GMU Plans Terrorism Defense Lab in Va. The \$40 million high-security laboratory will test and develop new vaccines and treatments to defend the public against bioterrorism, officials announced Tuesday.\&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Asia #39;s economic growth drives down poverty A fifth year of powerful economic growth in East Asia and the Pacific has driven the number of people living in poverty in the region to its lowest level ever, but the World Bank warned yesterday that oil prices could dampen the boom next year.
Cisco Systems Earnings Rise 29 Percent Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO), the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet, on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for 
Anthem deal looks healthy for state Our position is: Anthem #39;s ability to move forward with merger is an important victory for Indiana #39;s economy. Thanks to California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi #39;s decision to finally relent and approve 
Update 3: Commerzbank to Cut 900 Banking Workers Commerzbank AG said Tuesday it had narrowed its third-quarter net loss but was slashing 900 of the 2,000 jobs in its investment banking division, practically eliminating the unprofitable department.
Microsoft to preview search engine MICROSOFT has stepped up its efforts to compete with rival Google, offering consumers a preview of its technology for searching the internet this week.
Teams agree deal to save grand prix for Silverstone FORMULA Ones teams last night put on a united front to come to the rescue of the British Grand Prix with a 20 million package that should put the nations most important motor race back on the calendar next year.
Knicks 96, 76ers 88 Lenny Wilkens gained some job security despite coaching without a hand-picked assistant for the first time in his career as the New York Knicks defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 96-88 Tuesday night.
Military recovers Italian worker (10:39 am) ITALIAN aid worker Andrea Cianferoni was released was released unharmed early Wednesday, the military said. Cianferoni, who was seized Tuesday by four hooded gunmen in Lanao del Norte province, was released 
Germany marks 15th anniversary of Walls fall BERLIN: Germany marked the 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall Tuesday with fond memories of that days euphoric celebrations and somber ceremonies in honor of those killed in a desperate dash for freedom.
Japan #39;s navy gives chase to suspicious sub The government ordered the Maritime Self-Defense Force (MSDF) to chase an unidentified submarine that was spotted in Japan #39;s territorial waters around southwestern Okinawa Prefecture Wednesday morning, a government spokesman said.
Italian Hostage Released in Philippines (AP) AP - An Italian aid worker abducted in the Philippines was released unharmed early Wednesday, the military said.
Mets Said to Consider Piazza for Green A baseball executive said that there have been preliminary conversations between the Mets and Dodgers about a trade of Mike Piazza for Shawn Green.
Microsoft to back customers in infringement cases Nearly all its customers will be indemnified against claims that their use of Microsoft software infringed on any intellectual property claims.
Phnom Penh counts on donors as it braces for a tough economic year PHNOM PENH : Cambodia, one of the world #39;s poorest countries, is counting on international donors to make new financial commitments next week to prepare the nation for what is destined to be a harsh new economic year.
Rebuilding What the Assault Turns to Rubble Weeks before Marine and Army units stormed into Fallujah, blowing up buildings and blasting holes in insurgent positions, Navy Lt. Cmdr. Larry Merola was already working on a plan to fix the damage.
Onuaku Picks Syracuse Episcopal forward Arinze Onuaku will make his choice official when he signs a national letter-of-intent to play for Syracuse Wednesday.
Nets Win Ugly Shooting 34.2 percent from the field, the Nets down the worse-shooting Blazers (24.4 percent), 64-60, in one of the NBA's lowest scoring games in history.
Pacers Bench Artest Pacers Coach Rick Carlisle benches Ron Artest on Tuesday night and for Wednesday's game against the Clippers for an unspecified reason.
Satellites track albatross flight A satellite tracking project shows the ocean hotspots where albatrosses come into conflict with longline trawlers.
Chapter 11 Filing Possible, Flyi Says The parent of Dulles-based low-cost carrier Independence Air warned for the first time Tuesday that it will be "forced to consider" a Chapter 11 filing for protection from its creditors if it cannot renegotiate aircraft lease payments of \$83 million that it owes in January.
SEC Backs Stock Market Rules The Securities and Exchange Commission unanimously proposed  rules yesterday that would require a majority of board members at the nation's stock exchanges to be independent from management, and compel exchanges to disclose how much they pay their  five top executives.
Skype ready for both telephone worlds An adapter made by Siemens allows phones to make calls using the Internet or the traditional phone network.
Cisco's router market takes a hit Company reports a decline in its router business during its quarterly earnings, which barely met analyst expectations.
California Backs Merger of 2 Giant Blue Cross Plans Anthem and Wellpoint Health Networks finally won approval from John Garamen, Californias insurance commissioner, to create the nation's largest health insurer.
Cisco Profits Are Higher, but Investors Want More Cisco Systems, the largest maker of Internet networking equipment, said its first-quarter profit rose 29 percent.
Cool tools: music players, camera phone and mouse for a PDA Check out new gadgets as holiday season approaches.
Oil Fades Toward  #36;47, Awaits U.S. Data (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices fell to seven-week lows\near  #36;47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another\increase in U.S. oil and gas inventories.
Venezuelan, Colombian Leaders Hold Talks (AP) AP - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, after meeting with his Colombian counterpart in this Spanish colonial city, swore to treat any illegal, armed Colombian group that enters his country as an enemy of state.
Rockets Defeat Winless Grizzlies 90-87 (AP) AP - Juwan Howard scored 20 points, Yao Ming added 14 points and 11 rebounds, and the Houston Rockets kept Memphis winless this season, beating the Grizzlies 90-87 on Tuesday night despite losing Tracy McGrady to a hip injury.
Oil Fades Toward \$47, Awaits U.S. Data  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices fell to seven-week lows  near \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another  increase in U.S. oil and gas inventories.
F1: British GP 'saved by deal' Formula One bosses agree a cost-cutting deal which could save the British Grand Prix.
More Search and Browsing Fun with Firefox Mozilla Firefox has features and extensions that go far beyond what you get with Internet Explorer.  Here's how to turbocharge the browser to enhance your online experience.
Marsh  amp; McLennan to lay off 3,000 workers as it deals with fallout &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK -- Marsh  amp; McLennan, the nation #39;s largest insurance brokerage, said Tuesday it will lay off 3,000 employees, or about 5 percent of its work force, because of fallout from a bid-rigging scandal that has engulfed the insurance industry.
World Bank: East Asia growth may have peaked China will continue to drive East Asia #39;s growth next year, but the world #39;s fastest-growing region may have reached its peak in expansion, according to the World Bank.
Cisco #39;s router market takes a hit Cisco Systems, the world #39;s largest maker of equipment that routes traffic across the Internet, barely met analyst expectations on Tuesday when it reported quarterly earnings and noted a sequential decline in revenues for its IP router business.
China Netcom prices IPO and raises \$1.13bn China Netcom, the smallest of Chinas four big telecoms carriers, raised US\$1.13 billion from a Hong Kong and New York IPO priced just above the mid-point of its indicated range, sponsor Goldman Sachs said on Wednesday.
Proposal Would Require Independent Board Majorities The Securities and Exchange Commission unanimously proposed rules yesterday that would require a majority of board members at the nation #39;s stock exchanges to be independent 
NC should cheer Dell deal, but we must weigh wisdom of incentive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There #39;s a new game in town concerning luring businesses to a state, and we have to point out that North Carolina, under the leadership of Gov.
Firefox ignites demand for alternative browser Strolling between classes at Stanford University in Palo Alto, Calif., Blake Ross looks like any other bleary-eyed sophomore. Few would guess that the laptop-carrying 
Microsoft expands software indemnification program Microsoft is expanding its indemnification program for Windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes.
Northrop Grumman, Boeing team up on a space contract LOS ANGELES - Defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp. and aerospace giant Boeing Co. said Tuesday that theyll bid as a team to compete for NASAs planned manned and robotic space-exploration program.
Skype ready for both telephone worlds An adapter made by Siemens to extend Internet access to cordless phones is now loaded with Skype Internet telephone software, allowing the same phone to make calls using the Internet or the traditional phone network.
Justin Merriman/Tribune-Review Adam Striegel, a 23-year-old senior at the University of Pittsburgh, went on a field trip this past spring to study rocks. This week, Striegel revels in the fame that comes with discovering the skull of a 
Liverpool legend Emlyn Hughes dies at 57 LONDON: Former England and Liverpool captain Emlyn Hughes, right, has died from a brain tumour aged 57. Hughes had been battling the illness for the last 15 months but deteriorated in the last few days, his wife Barbara said.
NFL Notebook: Wannstedt out as Miami coach Miami Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt called it quits yesterday midway through a dismal season that began with the retirement of running back Ricky Williams and has left the team with the NFL #39;s worst record at 1-8.
Quakes Staying Put...For Now It #39;s likely that Yogi Berra has never kicked a soccer ball in his life. Yet one of his more famous utterances could easily be applied to Tuesday #39;s press conference held by the San Jose Earthquakes: It #39;s dj vu all over again.
Arafat #39;s condition deteriorating Senior Palestinian officials, after consulting with doctors treating Yasser Arafat and visiting his hospital, said Tuesday his condition had deteriorated dramatically 
Israeli Minister Retracts Threat to Quit Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on Tuesday took back his threat to withdraw from the governing Likud Party, but a minority religious party quit Prime 
Top US official begins talks in Pakistan ISLAMABAD : The visiting US Deputy Secretary of State Mr. Richard Armitage opened meetings with Pakistani officials on Tuesday on regional and international issues of interest including post election Afghanistan, war on terrorism, Pakistan-India dialogue 
No euthanasia for Arafat: Shaath Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath has denied reports that President Yasser Arafat is dead, adding that Islam did not allow for him to be taken off life-support.
British troops return to southern Iraq after mission near Baghdad LONDON - Hundreds of British troops returned to their base in southern Iraq yesterday, ending a monthlong deployment requested by the United States for an offensive in a restive region near Baghdad.
10 armymen among 12 killed in Kashmir explosion: India News: Srinagar, Dec 5 : Twelve persons, including ten army troopers, were killed in a landmine explosion around midnight Saturday night in south Kashmir #39;s Pulwama district.
US stocks: Dow dips, Nasdaq up in wait for word on rates NEW YORK - The blue-chip Dow average ended slightly lower, while the tech-driven Nasdaq inched higher on Tuesday as investors waited for hints from the Federal Reserve about the pace of interest-rate increases on Wednesday.
SEC wants to strengthen governance at exchanges The stock exchanges in the United States would be forced to tighten their governance and move toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations under a plan proposed by federal regulators on Tuesday.
GM Offers Locked Rates on Next Two Cars DETROIT - General Motors Corp. said Tuesday that people who buy 2005-model vehicles with loans from the automaker #39;s financing arm through Nov. 30 will also be able to lock in the interest rate on their next vehicle.
UNDATED: fourth quarter. Chris Webber had a triple-double to help Sacramento win its first game of the season and hand Toronto its first loss. Webber had 21 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists -- his 18th 
Health ; Arafat #39;s condition described  #39;very serious #39; (LEAD &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Health News, Clamart (France),Amid wildly contradicting rumours Tuesday about the condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, a French official said Arafat was not dead as of 3:30 pm (14:30 GMT).
Stock Markets Wait for the Fed The Dow Jones industrial average ended slightly lower while the Nasdaq composite index inched higher yesterday as investors waited for hints from the Federal Reserve about the pace of interest-rate increases.
Microsoft Appeases Novell And CCIA Microsoft has reached a \$536 million legal settlement with Novell, resolving all outstanding antitrust claims by Novell against Microsoft involving NetWare and its other products.
Greenspan, Fed Governors Warn on Spending as Succession Looms Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan says the growing US budget deficit could destabilize the economy. Fed Governor Susan Bies says Congress spends like it #39;s dipping into a a cookie jar.
Boeing CEO talks around Druyun problems Straight Talking Harry C. Stonecipher, Boeing Co.s chief executive, appears to be splitting hairs on the subject of disgraced former Air Force negotiator Darleen A. Druyun, who worked briefly as an executive at Boeing.
New Mydoom Worm Exploits IE Flaw A new variant of the Mydoom worm that exploits an unpatched flaw in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer browser is in the wild and posing particular risk to home and small business users, security experts warn.
India can be among worlds top five by 2010 The success of Indias broadband policy will depend on the government clearly articulating the strategic role it expects broadband to play in delivering socio-economic gains to all stakeholders.
Dolphins GM may not have total job security Replacing coach Dave Wannstedt isn #39;t the only major management shakeup the Dolphins are facing in the offseason. President Eddie Jones confirmed Tuesday that he is retiring in March.
The Dotted Line The Colorado Rapids fired coach TimHankinson, two weeks after the team was eliminated from the MLS playoffs. Hankinson, who led the team to a 39-45-30 record in four seasons, led the team to three postseason appearances overall.
Kidnapped Italian freed in southern Philippines MANILA, Nov 10 (AFP) - A kidnapped Italian aid worker was recovered unharmed in the southern Philippines on Wednesday, the military said.
Brokerage firm to lay off 3,000 as earnings plunge amid probe Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc. announced disappointing earnings for the third quarter and said it will lay off 3,000 employees, or about 5 percent of its work force, because of fallout from a bid-rigging 
Marsh Mac #39;s Deepening Morass Nobody was expecting good news to come out of Marsh  amp; McLennan (MMC ) when it announced third-quarter earnings on Nov. 9. After all, the world #39;s largest insurance broker has lost its chief executive -- and 
Commission calls VOIP interstate; other issues open SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- In what is considered a victory for Internet phone-service companies, the Federal Communications Commission ruled Tuesday that such services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government and not individual states.
California OKs WellPoint-Anthem deal WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi said he dropped his opposition Tuesday to the merger of Wellpoint Health Networks and Anthem, adding the two health insurance giants met his criteria in order to complete the deal.
InterMune Gets Subpoena from Justice Dept Biotechnology company InterMune Inc. on Tuesday said it received a subpoena from the US Department of Justice demanding information related to its key drug Actimmune, which is designed to spur the immune system.
Pentagon Widens Procurement Investigation The Pentagon #39;s investigation into the actions of a former Air Force official who admitted giving preferential treatment to Boeing Co.
Buy a GM Car at 0 Now, Get the Same Deal in 5 Years General Motors has a new pitch for car shoppers to coincide with an expected rate hike Wednesday from the Federal Reserve. GM #39;s program, called  quot;Lock  #39;n #39; Roll, quot; will give shoppers who buy a 
Microsoft to roll out search service Microsoft Corp. plans to roll out a preview version of its new Internet search service on Thursday, according to a media report. Free!
Virus writers exploit Microsofts monthly patch cycle The creators of the Bofra worm, which exploits the recently discovered iFrame vulnerability in Internet Explorer, may have timed the release of their worm to throw Microsofts monthly patch cycle into disarray, say security experts.
Trojan horse can spread spam to mobile phones Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. ANTIVIRUS firm Sophos has warned mobile phone users that spammers are using a newly 
EIT has some supercomputer bragging rights Endicott Interconnect Technologies can claim some ownership rights to the fastest computer in the world. IBM Corp. this week brought the title of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer back to the United States for the first time in three years.
Log in, rock on GONE are the days of having to buy a music album to get one good song - and of having to traipse to a music shop to do so. Online music stores have taken off in the past year, thanks in no small part to Apple #39;s 
Liverpool legend Hughes dies Hughes had been battling the illness for the last 15 months but deteriorated in the last few days, his wife Barbara said.  quot;He died at his home in Sheffield with his family around him, quot; she added on Tuesday.
Clemens claims his magnificent 7th Cy Young Award Roger Clemens says he will pitch next year. Whether it #39;s throwing batting practice to his kids or split-fingered fastballs to major-league hitters remains to be seen.
LA restructures baseball operations Dodgers general manager Paul DePodesta restructured his baseball operations department with two new hires and a promotion on Tuesday.
Bidding on  #39;The Curse #39; ends without buyer The contract that sent slugger Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees and started the legendary curse on the Red Sox that kept them from winning the World Series, has failed to sell on an Internet auction site, where bids had topped \$1 
Kidnapped Italian freed in southern Philippines An Italian volunteer worker kidnapped earlier by an unidentified group in the southern Philippines has been released, the Philippine military said Wednesday.
Unidentified submarine found in Japanese waters An unidentified submarine was found in the Japanese waters Wednesday morning, Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroyuki Hosoda said. The submarine was spotted in Japan #39;s territorial waters 
International environment for India #39;s development highly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said international environment for India #39;s development was  quot;highly favourable quot; and there was  quot;tremendous goodwill quot; for the country in the outside world.
Koders - Source Code Search Engine \\Found this really cool search engine (Koders ) via ResearchBuzz: \\"An article at Newsforge pointed me to Koders ( http://www.koders.com ) a search\engine for finding programming code. Nifty. The front page allows you to specify\keywords, sixteen languages (from..."\\This is pretty dead on.\\I had a similar idea about 3 years ago I was calling SourceEngine which for a\while was my Alexandria  project under Jakarta.  Some of this technology\morphed into Gump .\\Heres one innovation which I don't think Koders has picked up yet; use source\includes as indegree to compute a CodeRank.\\There you go... I'm giving you guys that one for free!  This is the Google\innovation but applied to source code ...\\
Burma military officers 'jailed' Three senior intelligence officers are reportedly jailed in further fallout from an apparent high-level power struggle.
National Basketball Association Game Capsules  ORLANDO, Fl. (Sports Network) - Hedo Turkoglu came off the  bench to contribute 19 points and Dwight Howard netted 15  points with 11 rebounds, leading the Orlando Magic over the  Dallas Mavericks, 94-84, at TD WaterHouse Center. Steve Francis  fell just shy of a triple-double, finishing with 16 points, 10  boards and nine assists while Grant Hill collected 17 points  with nine rebounds for Orlando, which handed the Mavericks  their first loss of the 2004 season.
New MyDoom Worms Exploit Unpatched IE Bug New versions of the MyDoom worm that began spreading late Monday afternoon are among the fastest-ever exploits of an unpatched Microsoft vulnerability, security experts said Tuesday.
Japan on alert as suspected Chinese sub found in territorial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : Japan was on alert after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its territorial waters, prompting Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to voice concern, officials and reports said.
Iraq ; Black Watch soldiers remain defiant Iraq News, Baghdad: Black Watch soldiers in Iraq #39;s  quot;triangle of death quot; said the killing of four of their comrades had strengthened their resolve to stay and see their task through.
U.S. Rules Out Deals with Afghan Kidnappers (Reuters) Reuters - A senior U.S. official said on Wednesday\deals should not be done with hostage-takers ahead of the\latest deadline set by Afghan Islamic militants who have\threatened to kill three kidnapped U.N. workers.
China's October industrial output up 15.7 percent (AFP) AFP - China's industrial output growth in October slowed to 15.7 percent year-on-year after a 16.1 percent gain in September, suggesting government lending curbs are cooling the economy.
Powell Tackles Illegal Immigrant Issue (AP) AP - An end to the U.S. political season coupled with enhanced border security has significantly improved the climate in the United States for comprehensive immigration reform, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
Microsoft Expands Intellectual Property Indemnification Coverage (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Redmond execs say the company will provide IP protection for all current and past versions of its software, hoping to present yet another differentiator with open-source vendors.
HAL to showcase its wares for Putin Bangalore: Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) will line up its newly developed fighter aircraft, including the first Sukhoi 30 Mk1 that it assembled for the Indian Air Force (IAF), when the Russian President, Vladimir Putin, visits its Bangalore complex on 
Bush Wants Line-Item Veto to Be Revived (AP) AP - Six years after the Supreme Court took away the president's ability to veto specific parts of legislation, President Bush is asking Congress to bring back the line-item veto to let him make precision strikes against projects and tax provisions he doesn't like.
Kerry hints White House run in his future (AFP) AFP - Defeated Democrat John Kerry, who has hinted he may run again for president in 2008, vowed to continue fighting for the issues he campaigned on as his party's presidential candidate.
SUICIDE BOMB IN IRAQ At least 17 Kurdish militiamen have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul. The bombing came hours after two car bomb explosions in the capital, Baghdad, killed at least four policemen and wounded 49 others.
Seoul Sees N.Korea Talks Movement; Japan Sees Sub  SEOUL (Reuters) - This week's talks between Japan and North  Korea show efforts to hold more six-party talks on the North's  nuclear plans are gathering pace and most countries want a  meeting before the year ends, South Korea said on Wednesday.
Cisco #39;s quarter strong; sales weak Cisco Systems, the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet, said Tuesday its quarterly earnings rose 29 percent with stronger demand for its networking gear.
MyDoom Spreading Fast The latest variant of the MyDoom mass-mailing worm is spreading fast, even as security firms raise the worm #39;s threat assessment.
Aerospace giants hope to build next craft Boeing NASA Systems of Houston will team with another aerospace giant to bid on building the successor to the space shuttle, a spacecraft that would take explorers to the moon and Mars, officials from the two companies announced Tuesday.
Mets reportedly to consider trading Piazza for Green KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. -- On the opening day of his first general managers meeting as the man in charge of the Mets, Omar Minaya moved in a direction the Mets have long been avoiding.
Germans arrest fourth man in suspected attack on Iraqi prime &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BERLIN German authorities have arrested a fourth man suspected of plotting an attack on Iraq #39;s prime minister. Three Iraqis are already in custody for their alleged roles in the al-Qaida-linked plot.
NBA Wrap: Magic Beat Mavericks, Lakers Defeat Hornets  ORLANDO, Fl. (Sports Network) - Hedo Turkoglu came off the  bench to contribute 19 points and Dwight Howard netted 15  points with 11 rebounds, leading the Orlando Magic over the  Dallas Mavericks, 94-84, at TD WaterHouse Center. Steve Francis  fell just shy of a triple-double, finishing with 16 points, 10  boards and nine assists while Grant Hill collected 17 points  with nine rebounds for Orlando, which handed the Mavericks  their first loss of the 2004 season.
Israeli Minister Retracts Threat to Quit Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on Tuesday took back his threat to withdraw from the governing Likud Party, but a minority religious party quit Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition in protest over the plan to remove Israeli settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank.
December pause still possible, many economists suggest WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- There #39;s little doubt that the Federal Open Market Committee will raise its short-term interest rate target by a quarter-percentage point at Wednesday #39;s meeting, economists and traders say.
Probe hurts stock price, 3,000 job cuts announced BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- The other shoe dropped Tuesday for about 3,000 workers at embattled Marsh  amp; McLennan. Free! Sign up here to receive our Internet Daily e-Newsletter!
FCC denies states control of VoIP Providers of Internet-based phone services, such as Overland Park-based Nuvio Corp. and Time Warner Cable, notched a victory Tuesday when the Federal Communications Commission said states could not regulate the futuristic service.
SEC plan would end exchange free rein The nation #39;s stock exchanges would be forced to tighten their governance and move toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations under a plan proposed by federal regulators yesterday.
Brokerage to Lay Off 3,000 Marsh  amp; McLennan, a subject of New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer #39;s investigation of insurance bid-rigging, said it will lay off 3,000 employees, about 5 percent of its workforce.
Peak Downloads For Firefox Slows Mozilla Site Firefox 1.0- Mozilla Foundation #39;s first product aimed at users looking for an alternate browser, has met with an overwhelming response from users worldwide.
Northrop, Boeing plan joint bid for spaceship Northrop Grumman Corp. and The Boeing Co. are teaming up to design a replacement for the space shuttles, leaving NASA two lead competitors for the contract on a spaceship that could carry astronauts to the moon and Mars.
Minardi boss says British and French GPs saved A deal has been agreed to ensure next year #39;s British and French Formula One Grands Prix take place, according to Minardi boss Paul Stoddart.
FANS FALL IN LOVE WITH ARIZA It is crystal clear there is no single player in blue and orange who fills the Garden with more energy than the youngest player on the team.
New York Mets hire two more special assistants in front office The New York Mets hired two special assistants Tuesday, getting former major leaguer Tony Bernazard from the players #39; union and grabbing Sandy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
US rules out deals with Afghan kidnappers A senior US official said on Wednesday deals should not be done with hostage-takers ahead of the latest deadline set by Afghan Islamic militants who have threatened to kill three kidnapped UN workers.
Fed Seen Likely to Raise Interest Rates  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With the U.S. economy picking up  steam, the year's fourth straight interest-rate hike looked  like a certainty at Wednesday's meeting of the Federal  Reserve's Open Market Committee, economists said.
S.Africa Says to Host Ivory Coast Peace Talks  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Thabo  Mbeki has invited warring parties in the conflict in Ivory  Coast to peace talks and the meeting could take place this  week, Mbeki's spokesman said on Wednesday.
Time isn't in his corner NEW YORK -- Evander Holyfield knows that life, like boxing, is about adjustments. On Saturday night, we will see whether he has made the biggest adjustment of his career -- the adjustment to a boxing life of diminished skills.
Patriots shift Nov. 28 start Sunday at 1 o'clock. Time for football. That's the way it was for Patriots fans pretty much every fall weekend for four decades. Then Bill Belichick  amp; Co. had to go and win two of the last three Super Bowls, and now they're TV stars.
Wannstedt steps down Dave Wannstedt resigned yesterday as Miami Dolphins coach, forced from the job by lousy luck, relentless speculation about his future, and eight losses in nine games.
AHL's IceCats will be leaving Worcester for Peoria, Ill. St. Louis Blues president Mark Sauer said the team will sell its American Hockey League Worcester IceCats to Bruce Saurs and Anne Griffith of Peoria, Ill., and move the team to Peoria for the 2005-06 season. The team will continue to operate as the Blues' AHL affiliate and be renamed the Rivermen. The sale and relocation are subject to approval ...
Jefferson is getting crash course in NBA The coach already has a nickname for his teenage hoop hunk: Moses. It has nothing to do with tablets and everything to do with talent. In this case, we're not talking about the biblical Moses, but the basketball player who is in the Hall of Fame and who, like the teenager in question, went into pro basketball directly ...
O'Neal is turning up the Heat Shaquille O'Neal has the Heat off to their best start ever after scoring 20 points, grabbing 9 rebounds, and blocking 3 shots in a 103-93 victory over the Washington Wizards last night in Miami.
Harvard and Penn's Ivy tale a familiar story Something has to give -- either 15th-ranked Harvard's status as the nation's only undefeated Division 1-AA team or 17th-ranked Penn's 20-game Ivy League winning streak -- when the teams square off Saturday in Philadelphia.
Clarett accuses Ohio St. Former Ohio State football star Maurice Clarett accused coach Jim Tressel, his staff, and school boosters of arranging for him to get passing grades, cars, bogus summer jobs, and thousands of dollars in cash. The school denied the claims yesterday.
Defense steps up for Oliver Ames The top-seeded Oliver Ames girls' soccer team has outscored opponents, 11-0, in the first two rounds of the Division 1 South Sectional tournament, and its all-star forwards have not scored most of those goals.
Transactions BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Signed bench coach Joe Maddon, third base coach Ron Roenicke, first base coach Alfredo Griffin, hitting coach Mickey Hatcher, bullpen coach Orlando Mercado, pitching coach Bud Black, and bullpen catcher Steve Soliz. Colorado (NL): Removed vice chairman Jerry McMorris from board of directors. Florida (NL): Named Mark Wiley pitching coach and Harry Dunlop bullpen coach. Los Angeles ...
As Arafat worsens, leaders prepare funeral PARIS -- Yasser Arafat's coma deepened and his condition deteriorated dramatically yesterday according to the Palestinian leadership, who visited him at a Paris hospital and then returned to the West Bank to declare that his life was now ''in the hand of God. quot;
Advancing forces meet sporadic resistance FALLUJAH, Iraq -- US and Iraqi forces, facing sporadic but stiff resistance, advanced into the heart of Fallujah yesterday on the second day of a major offensive to wrest control of the insurgent stronghold.
Ivory Coast snapshot Rebels have been in control of the northern regions since a failed coup in 2002. Recent unrest has unraveled a 2003 cease-fire between the government and rebels.
Dutch call for end to violence amid memorial for slain filmmaker AMSTERDAM -- Suspected arsonists set an Islamic elementary school on fire yesterday amid a string of attacks following the killing of a Dutch filmmaker by an alleged Islamic extremist.
Chirac belatedly calls Bush over win PARIS -- France's president, Jacques Chirac, finally phoned George W. Bush yesterday to congratulate him a week after his reelection as US president, and Chirac's foreign minister, Michel Barnier, called for better trans-Atlantic ties.
Netanyahu backs off threat to quit JERUSALEM -- Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday took back his threat to withdraw from the governing Likud party, but a minority religious party quit Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition, protesting the plan to remove Israeli settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank.
Russia warns about elections; UN fears for civilians MOSCOW -- The intense US-led assault on Fallujah could undermine Iraq's upcoming elections, the Russian Foreign Ministry warned yesterday, and the UN refugee agency expressed concern about the tens of thousands of civilians who have fled the besieged city.
No direct vote in Hong Kong, China tells legislators BEIJING -- China warned Hong Kong legislators yesterday to forget the idea of holding a referendum on whether residents should be able to directly elect their leaders.
Shaq Helps Heat to Team's Best Ever Start (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal promised to bring a championship to Miami. And although it's way too early to be thinking about titles, he can't wait to show off his new team to his old Western Conference rivals.
Selling lifestyle and TVs Tweeter is caught in the Wal-Mart pickle. Known for top-of-the-line electronics and custom installations, the Canton retailer has been squeezed ever since Wal-Mart began selling televisions en masse.
Why Karp backed out Once upon a time, not so long ago, great local families built great local buildings. Exhibit A in Boston, of course, was Norman Leventhal and his family, developers of Rowes Wharf, 75 State St., and South Station to name just three.
Flaherty blasts BRA over Fan Pier Boston City Council President Michael F. Flaherty yesterday lambasted the Menino administration's suggestion of a compromise on public amenities on Fan Pier in an effort to speed up development of the languishing land.
Putnam to pay \$40m to settle SEC probe Putnam Investments will pay \$40 million to settle yet another regulatory probe, while corporate parent Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. yesterday said it would cut 3,000 jobs in the fallout from the price-fixing and bid-rigging scandal enveloping its insurance brokerage unit.
Gamers get a crack at Halo 2 Long-awaited sequel debuts There's a new media king, only he isn't on the radio or in the movies. His name? Master Chief. His role: Interstellar soldier and star of Halo 2, one of the most anticipated video games ever.
Oil prices hit lowest level in 7 weeks Crude oil futures tumbled below \$48 a barrel yesterday, closing at their lowest level in seven weeks, on rising expectations that the US supply of transport and home-heating fuels will be adequate this winter.
China's boom comes off the boil Chinese industrial output slows in October, the latest evidence that its booming economy is being reined in.
Analogic, partner reach agreement L-3 Communications Corp., which sells equipment to detect bombs in airport luggage, settled a lawsuit in which it claimed business partner Analogic Corp. violated a contract by submitting independent proposals to the Transportation Security Administration. Peabody-based Analogic said terms of the settlement were kept confidential and that the agreement didn't entail a payment by either side.  quot;We look forward to ...
No. 8 Georgia Starts Freshman in Key Game (AP) AP - Mark Richt knows he'll have to get a little creative when he divvies up playing time for Georgia's running backs next season. Not so on Saturday. Thomas Brown is the undisputed starter for the biggest game of the season.
Verizon's dim-dad ad for DSL ignites a protest A TV ad showing a computer-illiterate father being chided for trying to help his Internet-savvy daughter with her homework has roused the anger of fatherhood activists, who are calling on Verizon Communications Inc. to take it off the air.
Dell to build plant in N.C. Dell Inc. said yesterday that it would build its third US manufacturing plant in North Carolina, employing at least 1,500 people within five years. The new facility, scheduled to open in the fall of 2005 at a site to be determined, will produce desktop computers.
'Me-too' prescription drugs win support in Tufts study An independent academic center at Tufts University said yesterday that critics who blast the American pharmaceutical industry for developing  quot;me-too quot; prescription drugs are wrong.
Fed seen pushing rates up The Federal Reserve is expected to nudge interest rates up for a fourth time this year today, acting on the belief the economy has finally emerged from an extended  quot;soft patch. quot;
Magic Wins With Hill; Pacers Making Do (AP) AP - The Orlando Magic are seeing just what they missed when Grant Hill was sidelined by injury year after year. Without Ron Artest and a slew of injured players, the Indiana Pacers haven't missed a beat.
Cable   Wireless to cut 600 jobs Telecoms group Cable   Wireless is to shed 600 jobs in the UK and Europe as part of an ongoing restructuring.
North Carolina holds on NO. 9 NORTH CAROLINA 91, NO. 8 KENTUCKY 78: At Chapel Hill, NC - Rashad McCants scored 28 points, Sean May had 14 points and 19 rebounds and Jawad Williams tipped in a miss to thwart a second-half rally by 
Japan Navy Mobilized After Mystery Submarine Spotted  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Japanese navy was mobilized on  Wednesday for the first time in five years after an  unidentified submarine was spotted in waters off Japan.
When invention turns to innovation Technological "inventions" are not going to have the same kind of transformative value that they did in the past.
Meyer says he #39;s headed for Florida SALT LAKE CITY Urban Meyer confirms he #39;s leaving undefeated Utah to become the head football coach at Florida. Meyer said that at Florida everything is in place to make a run at the whole thing, and that was a factor in his decision.
Fed Seen Likely to Raise Interest Rates With the US economy picking up steam, the year #39;s fourth straight interest-rate hike looked like a certainty at Wednesday #39;s meeting of the Federal Reserve #39;s Open Market Committee, economists said.
Oil Prices Continue to Plummet Crude oil futures continued to plummet today on the belief that fuel supplies in the United States will be adequate to deal with its coming winter.
AXE  amp; SPENCER MARKS  amp; Spencer sacked six executives yesterday as the troubled giant announced profits were down by 128million. New boss Stuart Rose halved the board and is likely to continue price cuts in stores.
FCC: States can #39;t regulate Net phones Washington - Phone calls made over the Internet cannot be regulated by states, the Federal Communications Commission said Wednesday.
Rivals Boeing, Northrop find common ground in space Northrop Grumman and Boeing said yesterday they will bid as a team to compete for NASA #39;s planned manned and robotic space-exploration program.
FTC warns news media on diet ads As part of a crackdown on false and deceptive diet claims, the Federal Trade Commission sent letters to nine media companies yesterday, reminding them to stop publishing ads for bogus weight-loss products.
Trading scandal haunts NAB earnings Sydney - National Australia Bank on Wednesday reported a near 20 percent drop in its net profit for the year to September in the aftermath of a foreign exchange trading scandal that rocked Australia #39;s biggest lender early this year.
States may rethink terms Though California regulators have signed off on the merger between WellPoint Health Networks Inc. and Anthem Inc., states that had approved the deal months ago may raise new concerns based on the settlement terms here.
GM offers car now, 2nd later, same rate So badly, in fact, that it is willing to offer you what could amount to a deal of the decade: a chance to lock in a low interest rate on a new GM car or truck, as well as your next vehicle, for as long as 10 years.
Vodafone begins 3G mobile service Vodafone launches its third-generation services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads and games.
Arctic ice melting twice as fast as expected In a new study commissioned by eight countries of the Arctic region, scientists point to an accelerated ice thaw with far-reaching consequences for global climate change and human activity.
Is Microsoft rolling out its search engine? Microsoft #39;s MSN division is planning to make an announcement today related to online-search technology, giving rise to expectations that the company will begin offering its own Internet search engine tomorrow.
ISA Flaw Shows Way In To Phishing Attacks Microsoft ISA and Proxy Server are prone to an Internet domain name spoofing vulnerability that could allow an attacker to spoof Internet sites.
Mission to surf sun #39;s rays Within a converted barn on the Planetary Society #39;s campus Tuesday, a group of scientists, engineers and volunteers began the countdown for a March launch of the 
Vodafone begins 3G mobile service Vodafone has launched its UK third-generation (3G) services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads and games. The 3G technology enables users to download data at a faster rate than before 
Shaq keeps Heat perfect Shaquille O #39;Neal helped Miami improved to 4-0 for the first time in team history, but he was concerned about the Heat #39;s defensive effort in Tuesday night #39;s 103-93 win over the Washington Wizards in Miami.
Clemens earns Cy Young No. 7 Ordinarily, the overriding question for Roger Clemens would have been how, in a season when he turned 42, could he have pitched well enough to become the first pitcher in baseball history to win a seventh Cy Young Award.
Teams agree test cut The money saved will go towards an eighteenth and nineteenth grand prix next year -- in Britain and France.  quot;A commercial deal with Bernie Ecclestone is done, quot; Australian Stoddart revealed at the Hilton.
Charlton, Spurs linked with sacked Chelsea striker Mutu The Telegraph says Mutu is in rehabilitation and if he comes through that successfully, the Romanian international will be free to join another club next year.
Kobe, Los Angeles are getting adjusted to NBA life without Shaq in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Lakers were in town. So, automatically, the first thing you did was look around for the big guy. You kept searching for a guy named Shaquille O #39;Neal, who once played for LSU.
Wenger still considering options Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger revealed that he is still weighing up whether to defend his outspoken attack on Ruud van Nistelrooy as he looked to a bright future with his Carling Cup youngsters.
Toledo frustrates Huskies DEKALB -- Toledo doesn #39;t just beat Northern Illinois University. It torments the Huskies. Teases their defense. NIU gets the Rockets right where it wants them.
No doubt they got message Who knew that 71-year-old assistant coach Dick Helm was the Knicks #39; problem? One day after his head rolled, so did the Knicks.
UN backs sanctions against Ivory Coast The UN Security Council yesterday gave wide support to a resolution that would impose sanctions against Ivory Coast if the government and rebels dont return to a peace process by the beginning of December, diplomats said.
Terrorism isnt just US, Israeli problem When the controversial Dutch artist and filmmaker Theo van Gogh was slain in an Amsterdam street last week by a Muslim suspect, it was more than a murder story.
ECU professors: Arafat #39;s death unlikely to bring major change While Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat lingers in a coma, the world contemplates what his death will mean to the Middle East #39;s future.
Germans grumpy 15 years after wall #39;s fall Germans marked a subdued 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall on Tuesday, with high unemployment in the formerly communist east and a sense in people #39;s 
Big 12 notes Blame Bret Culbertson. Just don #39;t let Iowa State coach Dan McCarney hear you do it. In case you don #39;t remember, Culbertson is the freshman kicker whose missed 24-yard field 
High profile BJP leader suspended India's main opposition party takes action against senior party member Uma Bharti after a public row.
Australia's Lonard Wins Third in a Row (AP) AP - Australia's Peter Lonard won for the third straight week, shooting a 7-under 65 on Sunday in the Australian PGA for a two-shot victory over third-round leader James Nitties.
Confusion Over Arafat, Palestinians Prepare Burial (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinians looked to their leadership\to lift confusion over Yasser Arafat's fate in a French\hospital on Wednesday as preparations gathered pace to bury the\icon of their fight for statehood. Arafat, 75, suffered a brain\hemorrhage on Tuesday at the hospital where he was flown from\the West Bank on Oct. 29 and had lain in a coma. Officials\insisted in public that he was alive, though aides said\privately that he was dead.
FCC Asserts Role as Internet Phone Regulator (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Federal Communications Commission said yesterday that the federal government, not states, has the authority to regulate phone service provided over the Internet.
AP: Iliescu Hopes Romania Will Join EU (AP) AP - Outgoing President Ion Iliescu, Romania's leader for most of the last 25 years, defended his record as leader, saying concerns about press freedoms are exaggerated and efforts to stamp out corruption are progressing.
Arafat to Be Buried at His West Bank HQ (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat will be buried at the battered West Bank headquarters that had been his virtual prison for the last three years, his aides decided after the Palestinian leader sank deeper into a coma.
Researchers Show Supercomputer Projects (AP) AP - They help predict the path of weather halfway around the world or in space, shed light on the death of dinosaurs and train pilots to fly in Alaska. They're supercomputers, capable of high-speed calculations that would take people trillions of years to do.
Japan on alert as suspected Chinese sub detected in territorial waters (AFP) AFP - Japan was on alert after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its territorial waters, setting off a chase on the high sea amid mounting disputes between the Asian powers.
Iraqi PM Allawi's Family Targeted by Kidnappers  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Three members of Iraqi Prime Minister  Iyad Allawi's family have been kidnapped by gunmen, a spokesman  for the Iraqi interim government said on Wednesday.
So much for the  #39;soft patch #39; Satisfied that the economy is back on track, the Federal Reserve is likely to increase interest rates today, and in December as well.
Liberty declares  #39;no hostile #39; intent Liberty Media Corp., addressing industry speculation that it might launch a takeover bid for Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp., said Tuesday it has  quot;no hostile intentions quot; toward the media giant.
Australian shares back in record territory on NAB strength SYDNEY : Australian share prices returned to record territory, adding 0.28 percent as investors shrugged off disappointing results from National Australia Bank to send the market higher, dealers said.
GM offers to lock rates for 2 automobile purchases General Motors Corp. is offering customers the chance to lock in low-interest financing on their next two vehicle purchases as it seeks to boost US sales this month after a 5 percent decline in October.
Hacker flogged Microsoft source code THE FEDS have fingered the collar of a Connecticut computer hacker. He #39;s been charged with flogging copies of Microsoft Windows proprietary source code.
 #39;Only hollow victories in store for Ferrari #39; Ferrari #39;s rivals have warned them that only  quot;hollow quot; victories await them if they don #39;t agree to reduce the number of days they will spend testing during next year #39;s Championship.
O #39;Neal is turning up the Heat Shaquille O #39;Neal has the Heat off to their best start ever after scoring 20 points, grabbing 9 rebounds, and blocking 3 shots in a 103-93 victory over the Washington Wizards last night in Miami.
Rog still best Retirement is once again pulling at Roger Clemens. Only this time, he thinks he actually might follow through on it for more than a few months.
No Artest, no problem No matter who #39;s hurt, no matter who #39;s suspended, no matter who plays, it doesn #39;t seem to matter. The shorthanded Indiana Pacers won their fourth game without a loss Tuesday, in their most difficult game.
Top Islamic cleric rushes to bedside of comatose Arafat in French &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A top Islamic cleric was rushing to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s hospital bedside Wednesday after his coma deepened and his caretaker government chose a burial site.
Powell gives no hint that he will leave post Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, whom many analysts had expected to leave his post in a second Bush administration, has shown little sign 
Putnam will miss majority of Marsh cutbacks Marsh  amp; McLennan, the parent company of Hub funds firm Putnam Investments, announced 3,000 job cuts yesterday as it battles a scandal and a collapse in earnings.
Convictions send stern warning to spammers Spammers will find that the money to be made by bombarding computers with junk e-mails is not worth the risk. A Virginia jury sent a sobering message last week to the unscrupulous purveyors of junk e-mail.
NBA Game Summary - Toronto at Sacramento Toronto has now dropped seven straight and is just 1-8 all-time at ARCO...Sacramento improved to 15-5 in its home opener since the 1985-86 season...Sacramento took both meetings with the Raptors last season and has won nine of the last 10...Toronto #39;s only 
Plan May Keep Bird Off Endangered List An initiative by the Bureau of Land Management to conserve the habitat of the northern sage grouse is complicating efforts to earn the bird designation as an endangered species.
BT offers free net phone calls As an incentive to buy broadband from BT, the telco is offering free calls via the internet.
US Expected to Hike Interest Rates Today The US Federal Reserve is expected to hike interest rates today for a fourth time this year. Analysts say the central bank is feeling more confident about the US economy, partly because of the strong payrolls 
NAB slide  #39;unacceptable #39; says Stewart SCOTSMAN John Stewart - drafted in to turn around Australia #39;s largest bank - said today the overhaul of National Australia Bank will take several years as he unveiled an  #39;unacceptable #39; 15 fall in the group #39;s full-year cash earnings.
Strength of global recovery in question - Gordon Brown A mixture of problems including sharp currency fluctuations has led to uncertainty about how strong and durable the world recovery will prove, British finance minister Gordon Brown said yesterday.
Telecom rockets amid buyback, 600 job cuts LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Cable  amp; Wireless, the UK and Caribbean business telecoms group, unveiled a restructuring and management reshuffle on Wednesday that will see around 600 jobs cut.
University wins animal rights bid Oxford University succeeds  in gaining a continuation of a wide-ranging injunction against animal rights activists.
Oil industry feels global warming heat A top level report on artic climate change spurred by global warming has outlined possible oil industry benefits, but also many potential pitfalls.
Halo 2 blasts off shelves Two years of hype for Microsoft video-game sequel Halo 2 began to pay off yesterday as fans snapped up millions of copies of the alien-blasting game for the Xbox console.
Skype goes cordless with Siemens Skype has announced its free software is now available for the Siemens Gigaset DECT cordless phones, meaning that users can now utilise a cordless phone to place calls to other telephones, over the Internet.
Competition Aims To Take Bite Out Of iPod #39;s Business The players are all about convenience and size. They are like carrying around hundreds of CDs without the load. The iPod dominates the MP3 scene, but new competitors hope to take a bite out of Apple #39;s business.
Stem cell research a battle of the coasts A \$3 billion stem cell research initiative in California means the Garden State faces stiff competition to secure and retain top researchers, experts warned Tuesday.
Romanian Federation asks FIFA to clarify Mutu position The Romanian Soccer Federation (FRF) has asked FIFA to clarify whether striker Adrian Mutu can train during his seven-month ban for taking cocaine.
Clemens awarded seventh Cy Young No matter where he goes, the Cy Young Award always seems to find Roger Clemens, who was halfway around the globe and just off a Japanese bullet train when learning yesterday that he #39;d won 
O #39;Neal, Heat keep rolling Shaquille O #39;Neal has the Miami Heat off to its best start ever after scoring 20 points, grabbing 9 rebounds and blocking 3 shots in a 103-93 victory over the visiting Washington Wizards on Tuesday night.
O #39;Connor snubbed in Texaco awards Irish Olympic gold medallist Cian O #39;Connor has been snubbed by the organisers of the 2004 Irish Texaco Sport Stars awards. Despite winning Olympic gold, O #39;Connor has been ignored in the prestigious awards.
All #39;s well for Schilling after 3-hou After helping the Red Sox stats, schedule win their first World Series championship in 86 years and supporting President Bush in his bid to win a few red states, the man with the red spot 
France, UN launch evacuations from Ivory Coast ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast The UN says it #39;s starting to evacuate its staff from the west African nation of Ivory Coast, following four days of chaotic violence there.
Gunmen Kidnap Three Members of Allawi #39;s Family BAGHDAD, Nov. 10- Gunmen kidnapped a first cousin of interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi and two other members of his extended family from their Baghdad home on Tuesday, an Allawi spokesman said Wednesday morning.
Afghan Kidnappers Say Government Agrees Deal Kidnappers of three UN workers in Afghanistan said on Wednesday the government had agreed to terms for their release, despite indications from Afghan and US officials that a compromise was not possible.
Italian hostage released in Philippines AP - An Italian aid worker abducted in the southern Philippines was released unharmed after Muslim separatist rebels reportedly helped authorities corner his kidnappers.
Japan puts navy on alert after unidentified submarine intrudes in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Japan #39;s navy went on alert Wednesday when an unidentified submarine made a brief incursion into the country #39;s southern waters near Okinawa and Tokyo was trying to determine where the vessel came from.
EU wants nuclear reactor built in France Vienna - Negotiations on where to build the world #39;s first nuclear fusion reactor ended without an agreement on either of the two sites under consideration in France and Japan, a Western diplomat said on Tuesday.
Afghan Kidnappers Say Government Agrees Deal  KABUL (Reuters) - Kidnappers of three U.N. workers in  Afghanistan said on Wednesday the government had agreed to  terms for their release, despite indications from Afghan and  U.S. officials that a compromise was not possible.
Confusion Over Arafat, Palestinians Prepare Burial  PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinians looked to their leadership  to lift confusion over Yasser Arafat's fate in a Paris hospital  on Wednesday as preparations gathered pace to bury the icon of  their fight for statehood. Arafat, 75, suffered a brain  hemorrhage on Tuesday at the hospital where he was flown from  the West Bank on Oct. 29 and had lain in a coma. Officials  insisted in public that he was alive, though aides said  privately that he was dead.
France Prepares to Evacuate Citizens from Ivory Coast  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Protesters in Ivory Coast massed to  support President Laurent Gbagbo for a fifth day on Wednesday  as France prepared to airlift citizens from its former West  African colony, once a model of post-independence prosperity.
War Not an Option Against Iran - Germany's Fischer  BERLIN (Reuters) - War is not an option against Iran and no  one expects the standoff over Iran's nuclear program to lead to  an "Iraq-like confrontation," German Foreign Minister Joschka  Fischer was quoted as saying on Wednesday.
Israeli Forces Kill 3 Palestinians Israeli troops on Tuesday shot and killed two Palestinians who entered an unauthorized area in the Gaza Strip, military sources said.
Microsoft to launch own search engine Microsoft on Thursday will launch its long-awaited internet search service that is expected to compete with market leaders Google and Yahoo, The Wall Street Journal said.
Hooton confident, Stoddart certain over British GP After weeks of negotiations that, at last viewing, appeared to be forcing the British Grand Prix off the Formula One calendar, Tuesday #39;s teams #39; meeting in London has once again resurrected hopes that the Silverstone race will take place in 2005.
Knicks rebound for first win of season A crisis of confidence was averted last night as the suddenly determined Knicks went to work on the Philadelphia 76ers and posted a relatively easy 96-88 victory at Madison Square Garden.
Vodafone launches 3G services VODAFONE, the world #39;s largest mobile phone network, launched its third-generation services in 13 countries today, including the UK.
Baseball #39;s image getting Creamed it #39;s the sport that won #39;t die, no matter what. You can have gamblers, psychotic fans, spouses that blab and players who cork.
Students Fight Copyright Hoarders College students around the country start groups to teach their peers about copyright law and how Hollywood and record companies abuse it. To fight vacant stares, they frame the issue like this: Save the iPod. By Katie Dean.
US envoy opposes kidnapper talks US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage says in Kabul there should be no talks with kidnappers of three UN workers.
Sportsview: Don't Count Out Clemens (AP) AP - Roger Clemens has waited a half-dozen years now for some telltale sign that his time is up.
Timberwolves Topple Clippers 107-100, OT (AP) AP - Sam Cassell scored eight of his season-high 30 points in overtime and Kevin Garnett added 22 points and 15 rebounds, helping the Minnesota Timberwolves beat the Los Angeles Clippers 107-100 Saturday night for their fifth straight victory.
 #39;Crazy Horse #39; Hughes dies  #39;Emlyn started with Liverpool in midfield. As his career went on, he finished up playing centre-half and that was probably when we started to play football from the back and the way Liverpool Football Club moved up a gear.
Isiah calls it all, except own number The more that Isiah Thomas insisted yesterday he will never coach the Knicks, the more you wanted to ask,  quot;Well, why would you?
Darfur deal signed Abuja, Nigeria - Sudan and Darfur rebels signed accords on Tuesday to end hostilities and guarantee aid groups #39; access to 1.6 million civilians uprooted by conflict in the troubled western Sudan region of Darfur.
Unidentified submarine detected in Japanese waters TOKYO - An unidentified submarine was detected moving in Japanese waters near Okinawa on Wednesday, prompting Japan #39;s Defense Agency chief Yoshinori Ono to dispatch a Maritime Self-Defense Force team to step up security in the area.
Ties with Pakistan a high priority: Armitage ISLAMABAD: The US government would not only maintain continuity in its policy towards Islamabad but also strive to enhance bilateral relations in economic, commercial, defence and security spheres, US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage assured the 
Anthem-WellPoint merger deal wins approval in California NEW YORK, November 10 (newratings.com) - California #39;s insurance commissioner has approved the proposed \$16.5 billion merger between Anthem Inc (ATH.
Zo, Nets break the ice The score was in the low 60s. The teams combined to shoot 29 and make an NBA record-low 44 field goals. Several players added floor burns to their tattoos and Shareef Abdur-Rahim even suffered a bloody gash on his head.
Kidnapped Italian freed in southern Philippines (AFP) AFP - An Italian aid worker walked free from the southern Philippines jungle, a day after he was abducted by local gunmen, officials said.
Seventh wonder Winning an unprecedented seventh Cy Young Award, his first in the National League, only makes the question of Roger Clemens's return for the 2005 season even more compelling.\   The answer probably won't be long in coming.
Generic AIDS drugs off WHO list WASHINGTON -- A major maker of generic AIDS medicines voluntarily removed all its antiretrovirals from the World Health Organization's list of approved drugs yesterday, a move that could potentially affect tens of thousands of AIDS patients in poor countries who have only recently entered treatment.
Grim Signs Mark Global Warming Reports released this week offer evidence of climate change's impact: Plants and animals are dying and showing up in places they shouldn't, the Arctic is heating rapidly and sea levels are rising. By Stephen Leahy.
Aussies to Bear Missile Shield Australia re-elected a conservative government recently, which will allow the expansion of a crucial part of the U.S. missile defense shield. Critics say the Pine Gap facility could start an arms race in Asia. Patrick Gray reports from Brisbane, Australia.
GTA Throws in the Kitchen Sink Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas serves up a little something for everyone, unless you're against mayhem and dark humor. By Lore Sjberg.
A Kinder, Gentler 911 With services like 311, a better, smarter city is just a phone call away. By Steven Johnson from Wired magazine.
Nine out of 10 teams say that Silverstone is saved The British Grand Prix at Silverstone seems certain to be reprieved after a deal between Formula One teams. Nine of the 10 teams agreed to cut testing by 50 per cent to bear the cost of two extra races at 
Baseball Notes - Nov. 10 The chairwoman of the District of Columbia Council delayed a vote on a plan to build a baseball stadium on the Anacostia River in southeast Washington that would host the Montreal Expos.
Islamic cleric in France to see Arafat CLAMART, France - A senior Islamic cleric arrived in France on Wednesday to visit the bedside of the ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Palestinian officials said.
Dutch police wounded in anti-terrorist raid Three Dutch police officers have been wounded in a grenade explosion during an anti-terrorist raid in The Hague. Police said two of the officers were seriously injured.
European stocks start on positive note (AFP) AFP - European stock markets pushed upwards in early deals as company news provided a fillip in otherwise cautious trading ahead of a US interest rate decision.
Majority Leader Faces Balancing Act in Senate (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; Leading the majority party in the Senate, a job that has been likened to herding cats, is tough enough in ordinary times. For Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.), last week's Republican election triumphs paradoxically made the job tougher yet.
Three Dutch Police Injured in Anti-Terror Raid  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Suspects sought in a Dutch  anti-terrorism raid threw a hand grenade in a standoff with  police on Wednesday, injuring three officers, amid a spiral of  violence following the killing of an outspoken filmmaker.
New media clampdown in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe MPs agree to amend a tough media law, threatening unregistered journalists with jail.
Euro Disney rides to new low with a 145m loss EURO DISNEY, the financially crippled French theme park operator, has admitted that its annual losses more than doubled last financial year as it was hit by a surge in costs.
NAB profits tumble after scandal National Australia Bank, the country #39;s biggest lender, has seen its profits slump following a trading scandal. Increased competition and rising costs have also taken their toll, producing what boss John Stewart called a  quot;poor and unacceptable result quot;.
Rapid East Asian growth lifts 250m out of poverty A QUARTER of a billion people in some of the worlds poorest and most populous countries in East Asia have been lifted out of extreme poverty by rapid economic growth over 
Internet phone victory Federal regulators sent a powerful message Tuesday to California and other states to leave the fledgling Internet telephone industry alone for now.
Anthem-WellPoint deal OKd Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi dropped his objection to Anthem Inc. #39;s purchase of WellPoint Health Networks Inc. after the companies agreed to spend \$265 million, more than double their previous commitment 
Firefox 1.0 open-source Web browser After a year in development, The Mozilla Foundation has finally released the full  #39;official #39; version of its already popular open-source Web browser, Firefox.
Microsoft extends legal protection to most users In a bid to further differentiate itself from its Linux rivals, Microsoft has said it will expand its legal indemnification programme to cover almost all its customers.
Trojan spams Russian mobile phones An ingenious new trojan is hijacking PCs to send SMS-based spam to mobile phones. After a PC has been infected, the Delf-HA trojan contacts a website for details on which spam campaign to run and then randomly 
Itanium 2 stuffed with cache Intel has delivered updated Itanium 2 processors with larger memory caches aimed, in part, at high-volume data warehouse transaction markets that have long been the domain of Risc systems.
GTA Throws in the Kitchen Sink In the three years since Grand Theft Auto III was released for the PlayStation 2, titles from The Simpsons: Hit  amp; Run to Spider-Man 2 have incorporated aspects of the game #39;s groundbreaking open-ended play.
MICROSOFT AIMS AT IPOD MARKET Microsoft Corp. is fighting to expand its online music share and break the hold Apple #39;s iPod has on the market. Microsoft #39;s MSN music service began a free song promotion yesterday sponsored by American Express.
Shaq helps Heat to best start in franchise history Shaquille O #39;Neal promised to bring a championship to Miami. And although it #39;s way too early to be thinking about titles, he can #39;t wait to show off his new team to his old Western Conference rivals.
Source: Phelps Nearly Hit Trooper, Took Breathalyzer Test SALISBURY, Md. -- The 11 News I-Team has uncovered more information in connection with the drunken driving arrest of Olympic swim star Michael Phelps.
Beckham goes to Hollywood Hollywood beckons for David Beckham after he agreed to take on the challenging role of...David Beckham in a new football movie. The Real Madrid star will be joined in Goal!
Wannstedt Quits As Miami Coach Miami Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt called it quits today midway through a dismal season that began with the retirement of running back Ricky Williams and has left the team with the NFL #39;s worst record at 1-8.
Sonics hand Nuggets their 4th loss DENVER -- Ray Allen scored 30 points Tuesday night to help the Seattle SuperSonics prolong Denver #39;s early-season misery with a 106-88 victory.
Seminary native, 30, executed in Texas Convicted killer Demarco McCullum, who grew up in Seminary, Miss., was executed Tuesday for the abduction, robbery, beating and fatal shooting of a Houston man 10 years ago.
And the beat(ing) goes on This time there was no inspiring rally, nothing that could be labeled a moral victory and no reason for the crowd of 17,595 not to voice its displeasure with a chorus of boos.
Iraqi Premier #39;s Relatives Kidnapped - Threatened with Beheading Two members of the Iraqi prime ministers family have been abducted from their Baghdad home, his spokesman confirmed today. Kidnappers claimed to be holding three relatives.
War Not an Option Against Iran - Germany #39;s Fischer War is not an option against Iran and no one expects the standoff over Iran #39;s nuclear program to lead to an  quot;Iraq-like confrontation, quot; German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer was quoted as saying on Wednesday.
German exports booming despite strong euro (AFP) AFP - German exports were booming in the first nine months of the year and are heading for record levels despite the strong euro, data released by the federal statistics office showed.
Oil Fades to \$47, Awaits U.S. Stock Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell to seven-week lows below  \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another  increase in U.S. oil and natural gas inventories.
EADS Offers to Split US Tanker Deal With Boeing European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co., the parent of aircraft maker Airbus SAS, has proposed splitting a contested US Air Force contract for refueling tankers with its rival 
Mbeki set to meet rebel leaders Abidjan - President Thabo Mbeki will on Sunday depart for talks with rebel leaders in the central Ivorian stronghold of Bouake, as part of an African Union-backed peace drive in the divided west African country, his spokesperson said.
Japan on alert as suspected Chinese sub detected in territorial waters (AFP) AFP - Japan was on alert after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its waters near a disputed gasfield, setting off a high seas chase amid mounting disputes between the two countries.
Thousands line up for Halo 2 game (AFP) AFP - Hordes of video game fans lined up outside more than 6,500 stores across the United States overnight to get a copy of the new Halo 2 game whose first day takings are expected to rival a Hollywood blockbuster.
MSN Search Beta Set to Launch Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN division on Thursday will launch a public beta of its Web search technology, according to sources familiar with the plans.
Technology ; Fans Throng for First Crack at New Game  #39;Halo 2 #39; Technology News, LOS ANGELES - It takes a special kind of person to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long just to buy a video game -- but for rabid fans of the first  quot;Halo quot; on the Xbox video game console, it was well worth the wait 
Global warming #39;s impact on US plants, animals determined from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;Other recent syntheses of biological impacts, including my own, have focused on very large datasets across the globe, quot; said Parmesan.
Why Robson is right man for the job Jeremy Peace researched the subject of Bryan Robson to such an extent that the West Bromwich Albion chairman would have no problems writing a detailed biography of his new manager.
Clemens wins record seventh Cy Young Award NEW YORK Roger Clemens could have ended his career last year in the World Series -- just like Sandy Koufax (KOH #39;-faks) did in 1966.
Grenade Thrown as Police Lay Siege to Suspected Terror House Dutch police were laying siege to a house in The Hague today where an unknown number of terrorism suspects were holed up. Three policemen were injured by a hand grenade thrown when a raid was launched on the house, officials said.
Better living--and smarter rats--through chemistry Forget ginseng--News.com's Michael Kanellos says a chip in the head could be just the thing to improve your memory power.
New round of job cuts for Cable  amp; Wireless CABLE  amp; Wireless has unveiled another round of job cuts, with the announcement that it plans to reduce its head count in the UK and Continental Europe by 600.
House price fears prompt Bank jitters Fears of a house price crash and the impact of cheap imports have tempered Bank of England expectations of an inflationary spurt. The Bank #39;s Monetary Policy Committee, in its quarterly 
Battle of the searches begins New York - Microsoft Corp will roll out its long-awaited internet search service on Thursday, adding fresh competition to Google Inc, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
 #39;Halo 2 #39; debuts to crowds (November 10, 2004) - They stood out in the cold, in the snow, in the middle of the night like concert junkies waiting for tickets to see their favorite band.
Microsoft adds IP indemnity to Linux fight Borrowing a line from Allstate Insurance, Microsoft wants customers to know they are in good hands when they choose its software. The software maker plans to announce on Wednesday that it will indemnify nearly 
Watching Global Warming A new non-partisan study shows global warming is happening faster than anyone expected with effects in our own backyards. Biologist Doctor Camille Parmesan studies how living creatures respond to environmental 
UT reigns on NIU For the 11th straight time, the University of Toledo defeated Northern Illinois, and this time it is was a Northern Illinois team that had been unbeaten in the Mid-American Conference and seemingly headed for its first appearance in the league 
Three Dutch Police Injured in Anti-Terror Raid Suspects sought in a Dutch anti-terrorism raid threw a hand grenade in a standoff with police on Wednesday, injuring three officers, amid a spiral of violence following the killing of an outspoken filmmaker.
Microsoft to launch its own search engine (AFP) AFP - Microsoft will launch its long-awaited Internet search service that is expected to compete with market leaders Google and Yahoo.
Vodafone launches mass-market 3G mobile (AFP) AFP - After a four-year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays, Vodafone finally rolled out mass-market third-generation (3G) mobile telephone services.
Miss Peru crowned Miss World 2004 SANYA, CHINA -- Miss Peru, Maria Julia Mantilla Garcia, an aspiring high school teacher, was crowned Miss World 2004 last night in this southern Chinese beach resort.
Fans Flock to Buy Sci-Fi Epic 'Halo 2' There's a new media king, only he isn't on the radio or in the movies. His name? Master Chief. His role: Interstellar soldier and star of "Halo 2," one of the most anticipated video games ever. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Microsoft to Preview New Search Engine Microsoft Corp., stepping up its efforts to compete with rival Google Inc., will offer consumers a preview of its technology for searching the Internet, beginning Thursday.
Dell Plans 3rd U.S. Plant, to Hire 1,500 &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Eric Auchard&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;DELL.O&gt; plans to open a\third U.S. manufacturing plant, the world's largest personal\computer maker, said on Tuesday, in a rare example of a\high-tech company expanding U.S. production.&lt;/p&gt;
Scientists Show Off Supercomputer Projects They help predict the path of weather halfway around the world or in space, shed light on the death of dinosaurs and train pilots to fly in Alaska. They're supercomputers, capable of high-speed calculations that would take people trillions of years to do.
Solar sail craft gets launch date The world's first spacecraft to use a solar sail for propulsion is set to be launched from a submerged Russian submarine on 1 March next year.
Fed #39;s Tough Decision Comes in December A fourth interest rate hike may be a foregone conclusion Wednesday but the Federal Reserve #39;s next move in December is far from certain, and analysts say it #39;s likely to remain that way for a while.
FCC Gives Internet Calls Half A Push NEW YORK - You could almost hear the sighs of relief when the US Federal Communications Commission ruled on Tuesday that Internet-based phone services should be regulated by the federal government, not by the states.
Cable and Wireless plan major restructuring London - Cable and Wireless, the struggling British telecoms group, said Wednesday it would cut 600 jobs across Europe, part company with a top executive and shut its London headquarters.
Cisco #39;s Chambers Forecasts Slowing Second-Quarter Sales Growth Cisco Systems Inc. Chief Executive Officer John Chambers said sales growth will slow this quarter and it #39;s too early to say #39; #39; whether customers are becoming more optimistic about the economy.
ProMOS to pay Infineon DRAM license fees ProMOS Technologies has agreed to pay Infineon Technologies license fees for 0.17-, 0.14- and 0.11-micron DRAM trench technologies.
Anthem merger closer to reality California #39;s insurance commissioner Tuesday dropped his opposition to Anthem Inc. #39;s proposed \$18.4 billion purchase of WellPoint Health Networks Inc.
Russia freezes Yukos #39; shares in Sibneft oil company MOSCOW : The battered Russian oil giant Yukos said a Moscow court had frozen its 34.5 percent stake in rival Sibneft, halting a reversal of their merger that would provide cash for Yukos to settle massive tax bills.
LinkedIn looks to premium services for profit Social-networking site will launch premium services next year. Among possibilities: helping recruiters do "back door" reference checks.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Staffing executive uses LinkedIn.
SunTrust Fires 3 Finance Execs (Reuters) Reuters - SunTrust Banks Inc., a large U.S.\southeast regional bank, on Wednesday said it fired three\finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after\uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans.
Microsoft to add rivalry to Google on search service The US software giant Microsoft said it would launch its Internet search service on Thursday amid the fierce competition with rival Google.
Microsoft expands intellectual property protection Microsoft today expanded its end user intellectual property protection policy to cover customers using a wider range of its software, including Windows Server System, SQL Server and Exchange Server, Microsoft Office System and the Windows client software.
Vodafone unleashes 3G live! service Vodafone has flicked the switch for the start of its  #39;Vodafone live! With 3G #39; service. Its portal of mobile services has had a 3G makeover for UMTS-based (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) video 
Vodafone launches 3G in UK Vodafone, the world #39;s largest mobile phone operator, today finally launched its third generation (3G) services as it seeks to recoup 16.
Skype Internet Telephony Goes Cordless; Siemens and Skype Combine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The adapter works with the recently launched Gigaset C340/345 and Gigaset CX340/345isdn, Gigaset S440/445 and Gigaset SX440/445isdn, Gigaset S645 and Gigaset SL440.
Vampire goes head to head with Half-Life 2 Activision has revealed that it plans to ship Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines on November 16th in the USA, meaning that the game will be in direct competition with Valve #39;s Half-Life 2 - the Source Engine technology for which Bloodlines uses under 
Nike, a magic camera and Gran Turismo  Shots and explanation &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; So yesterday SPOnG began receiving shots of a suitcase from Japan. The suitcase contained some Nike Shox trainers, a t-shirt, and a copy of Gran Turismo 4. There was talk that the t-shirt unlocks a special 
 #39;Emlyn #39;s enthusiasm was unbelievable #39; NORWICH CITY assistant manager Doug Livermore has paid tribute to his former Liverpool team-mate Emlyn Hughes. Hughes, who skippered the great Liverpool side of the 1970s and was famed for his charisma and 
Arsenal midfielder Edu breaks foot Arsenal #39;s Brazilian international midfielder Edu broke his foot in Tuesday #39;s 3-1 League Cup win over Everton at Highbury. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said:  quot;He has a broken foot.
WTAs elite on display in LA Lindsay Davenport and Amelie Mauresmo are in a battle for the No. 1 ranking at the WTA Championships this week at the Staples Center, however, both players downplay the faceoff.
Beckham ready to return for Real Madrid David Beckham should be fit to return to action for Real Madrid this weekend after a month out with a rib injury, the club said on their website on Wednesday.
Ohio State fans react to Clarett #39;s accusations com. The most storied Buckeye football player in recent memory -- some say for the wrong reasons -- Maurice Clarett has lashed out against Ohio State, claiming he was a 
Layoff ends for Wolves #39; Griffin Eddie Griffin begins a new chapter in his life as a professional basketball player more than 18 months after the book seemed to close on his promising NBA career.
Australia recall Warne and Lehmann for first NZ test Shane Warne and Darren Lehmann have been recalled to Australia #39;s squad for next week #39;s first test against New Zealand after the selectors dropped Simon Katich and Nathan Hauritz.
Iran issues nuclear warning could take drastic steps if the talks did not proceed as Tehran wants. Mehr news agency quoted him as saying on Wednesday. that could be used 
Click refresh for updates Tony Blair faces MPs today for the first time since the launch of the US-led assault on Falluja and the death of four members of the Black Watch just south of Baghdad.
10 World Briefs ROSTOV-ON-DON, Russia -- Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the region #39;s president, whose former son-in-law has been linked to a multiple 
Dell to build factory in N.C., hire 1,500 workers (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - No. 1 PC maker Dell announced plans Tuesday to build a new computer factory in North Carolina and hire 1,500 workers within five years. The site for the approximately  #36;115 million, 500,000 square-foot factory has not yet been chosen, but it will likely be near Winston-Salem.
Members of Allawi's Family Kidnapped Gunmen kidnapped a first cousin of interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi and two other members of his extended family in Baghdad Tuesday, an Allawi spokesman said Wednesday. In Fallujah, meanwhile, the U.S. military claimed control of 70 percent of the rebellious city.
Stocks Seen Up as Oil Falls; Fed on Tap  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly higher market open on Wednesday as oil prices hit  seven-week lows, while Wall Street awaits an anticipated  interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve.
NBA Wrap: Magic Beat Mavericks, Heat Beat Wizards  ORLANDO, Fla. (Sports Network) - Hedo Turkoglu came off the  bench to contribute 19 points and Dwight Howard netted 15  points with 11 rebounds, leading the Orlando Magic over the  Dallas Mavericks, 94-84, at TD WaterHouse Center.
Mortgage Applications Fall Last Week-MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  fell last week as 30-year mortgage rates reached their highest  levels in a month, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Hurricanes #39; offense adds injury to insult MIAMI - The University of Miami sustained several injuries on offense during Saturday #39;s 16-10 loss to Virginia Tech. Injuries knocked out tight end Kevin Everett and fullback Talib Humphrey, both starters, as well as backup running back Tyrone Moss.
Cleric at Arafat's Bedside During 'Final Phase' A top Islamic cleric rushed from the West Bank to Yasser Arafat's hospital bedside Wednesday in what an aide to the Palestinian leader called the "final phase" of his life.
U.S. Forces Claim Most of Fallujah American forces battled through boobytrapped lanes in a swift advance to city center. The military said at least 71 militants and 10 U.S. troopers were killed as of the beginning of the third day of intense urban combat.
SunTrust Fires 3 Finance Execs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;, a large  U.S. southeast regional bank, on Wednesday said it fired three  finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after  uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans.
Revlon 3rd-Quarter Loss Widens  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cosmetics maker Revlon Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=REV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;REV.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said its third-quarter net loss widened on  refinancing costs and declining sales.
Marsh  amp; McLennan CEO Might Be the First of a Breed Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. #39; new boss Michael Cherkasky may be the prototype of the new CEO -- where the E stands for enforcement.
Cisco reports record profit but outlook disappoints (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Cisco Systems' fiscal first-quarter profits jumped 29 as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like Internet telephone and home networking gear.
Vodafone rolls out 3G mobile phone After a four-year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays, Vodafone finally rolled out mass-market third-generation (3G) mobile telephone services on Wednesday.
Former N.C. Congressman Pleads Guilty (AP) AP - Former Rep. Frank Ballance pleaded guilty Tuesday to a charge that he used a charitable foundation to bilk the government and funnel money to his law firm, church and family.
Brazil Forests Seen Doomed Without Int'l Aid (Reuters) Reuters - The forests on Brazil's\agricultural frontier will disappear without international\financing to provide alternatives to slash-and-burn farming,\the farm secretary of Brazil's leading soybean state said.
Auto industry lifts French output French industrial output soared in September as the car sector bounced back from a summer slowdown, figures show.
Wannstedt officially steps down The Miami Dolphins are headed in a new direction and Dave Wannstedt wont be along for the ride. The final blow for Wannstedt came this Sunday when the Dolphins let two leads slip away, losing to the Arizona 
Arctic Thaw May Open Ship Lanes, But Risks High (Reuters) Reuters - A faster-than-expected thaw of the\Arctic is likely to open legendary short-cut routes between the\Pacific and the Atlantic but experts say icebergs and high\costs will prevent any trans-polar shipping boom.
Business: Legacy Costs Washington Post business columnist Steven Pearlstein will be online to talk about his latest column, which looks at the possibility that the "Big Three" automakers may wind up in the throes of a "death spiral."
Court looks at dogs, drugs, privacy (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Wednesday, the U.S. Supreme Court will consider whether  constitutional rights were violated because a dog sniffed a vehicle even though police did not have reason to suspect  a crime.
Iraqi PM #39;s relatives kidnapped, face execution threat Two members of the Iraqi prime minister #39;s family were nabbed from their home in Baghdad, his spokesman said Wednesday. The kidnappers said they would execute them in two days if their demands are not met.
Afghan Kidnappers Say Government Agrees Deal  KABUL (Reuters) - Kidnappers of three U.N. workers in  Afghanistan said on Wednesday the government had agreed to  terms for their release, despite indications from Afghan and  U.S. officials that meeting the militants' demands was  impossible.
Muslim Cleric Rushes to Arafat's Side Amid Confusion  PARIS (Reuters) - A top Muslim cleric rushed to Yasser  Arafat's bedside in a French hospital on Wednesday, insisting  the veteran Palestinian leader was still alive even as aides  pushed ahead with burial preparations.
France Citizens Queue to Leave Ivory Coast  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French citizens queued at Ivory Coast's  main airport on Wednesday to flee their former West African  colony as violent anti-French protesters massed for a fifth day  in support of President Laurent Gbagbo.
Losing 60 years of experience STUART Rose conceded that more than 60 years of Marks  amp; Spencer experience was walking away with the clutch of top-tier departures.
Money Talks: Microsoft settle with Novell and the CCIA Microsoft has paid \$536 million to rival Novell as part of its ongoing programme to settle legal disputes that have formed the cornerstone of European regulators #39; action against the software giant.
DR Horton Beats, Guides Up Homebuilder DR Horton (DHI :NYSE - news - research) Wednesday reported a 52 jump in fourth-quarter profit, as the nation #39;s housing boom roared along despite the latest predictions of a long-awaited slowdown.
DR Horton sets record backlog, eyes  #39;strong #39; FY-05 WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- DR Horton Inc. (DHI) posted earnings of \$349.6 million, or \$1.47 per share, for the fourth quarter ended Sept.
Cisco Slips on In-Line Quarter Cisco (CSCO:Nasdaq - news - research) disappointed Wall Street Tuesday with a first quarter profit that was merely in line with estimates, rather than the customary penny ahead.
Arctic Thaw May Open Ship Lanes, But Risks High A faster-than-expected thaw of the Arctic is likely to open legendary short-cut routes between the Pacific and the Atlantic but experts say 
Skype lures developers with software giveaway Voice-over-IP software maker Skype starting today will include the beta of its Skype API (Application Program Interface) with its Skype for Windows product.
Injured Sainz forced to retire five days early Twice world rally champion Carlos Sainz retired five days earlier than planned on Wednesday when injury forced him to pull out of the Rally of Australia.
Hope Rises for Release of Afghanistan Hostages Taliban-linked kidnappers of three UN election workers, including a British woman, claimed today that a deal could be close for their release.
US wants closer ties with Pakistan US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage (L) shakes hands with Pakistani Foreign Minister Khurshid Kasuri prior to their meeting in Islamabad, 09 November 2004.
Israeli NRP quits gov #39;t to protest pullout plan The Israeli far-right National Religious Party (NRP) voted Monday night to quit the coalition in protest of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan, localnewspaper Haaretz reported on its website.
DSL wars come down to a battle of the bundles DSL, cable providers offer new discounts--with a catch.
DON #39;T KID YOURSELF December 5, 2004 -- THE meetings this week in Toronto be tween the NHL and the NHLPA will mark the beginning of the end, either the beginning of the end of the lockout or the beginning of the end of the NHL in any recognizable form.
Microsoft to launch new search engine technology Microsoft Corp. is set to unleash its much-anticipated search technology on Thursday, as it ramps up efforts to take on market leader Google Inc.
We can #39;t place much stock in Bonds #39; credibility Barry Bonds, the fastidious health and fitness expert, would have us believe he accepted a tube of mystery goo from his personal trainer, followed the instructions, massaged the potion into his skin and didn #39;t know he was using illegal steroids.
EU objects to Microsoft-Time Warner ContentGuard deal BRUSSELS -- The European Commission has issued a formal set of objections to Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. taking control of ContentGuard Holdings Inc., a digital rights management (DRM) company, according to sources familiar with the case.
Dell opens another call center in India BANGALORE, INDIA -- Dell Inc. is setting up a third customer contact center in India, in the Chandigarh metro area in the north of the country, the company announced Wednesday. Operations at the center are likely to begin by March next year with about 300 employees.
Arsenal back on track with new  #39;keeper LONDON -- Arsenal won for the first time in five matches yesterday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0, while Chelsea and Manchester United also earned comfortable wins in the English Premier League.
Microsoft to indemnify most users from legal threats In a bid to further differentiate itself from open-source rivals, Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday said it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers. The move, experts said, is great marketing but will have little impact on users.
Update: Cisco boosts Q1 net income, revenue Cisco Systems Inc. on Tuesday reported significant gains in earnings and revenue for its fiscal 2005 first quarter that met analyst expectations.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714255;9651165;g?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730403idlp"&gt;SBC Datacomm White Paper&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Find out how Crate   Barrel expects to save \$180,000 by moving to VoIP, compared to a traditional PBX.&lt;/p&gt;
Apple launches iTunes music store in Canada Apples iTunes online music store is one of the largest music stores currently with over one million downloads thus far. The company has launched its online stores subsidiaries in 14 countries including 
Microsoft to Launch New Search Engine Software giant hopes to challenge Google with new search technology.
DR Horton Net Profit Jumps in 4Q Home builder DR Horton Inc. said Wednesday that fourth-quarter net income surged 52 percent on improved results in all its markets.
Infineon and ProMOS kiss and make up Infineon and ProMOS have finally ended a long running argument over licensing for DRAM chips. The two were part of a joint venture with Mosel Vitelic which ran from 1996.
Solar sail craft gets launch date The world #39;s first spacecraft to use a solar sail for propulsion is set to be launched from a submerged Russian submarine on 1 March next year.
Big Dig found riddled with leaks Engineers hired to investigate the cause of September #39;s massive Big Dig tunnel leak have discovered that the project is riddled with hundreds of leaks that are pouring millions of gallons of water into the \$14.
Robbo ready to prove a point Bryan Robson has done the managerial equivalent of swimming the channel in landing a Premiership job after three years out of the top flight.
Doctor repairs famous ankle BOSTON - Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling had surgery Tuesday to repair his right ankle.  quot;The three-hour procedure proceeded as planned, with no complications, quot; team doctor Bill Morgan, who performed the surgery, said in a statement.
Majority of Taiwanese See Island as Independent, Sovereign Pacific Rim Bureau (CNSNews.com) - Highlighting a growing assertiveness and sense of national identity, a new opinion survey has found that a large majority of Taiwanese consider the island to be independent and sovereign.
Cable   Wireless to Cut 600 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Cable   Wireless posted its\first net profit in over 3 years and announced plans to cut 600\jobs and return cash to investors, sending the telecom\company's shares racing to 5-month highs on Wednesday.
Parliament Speaker to Succeed Arafat (AP) AP - The Palestinian parliament speaker will become temporary president of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Yasser Arafat's death, PLO leaders decided Wednesday.
Delta to Cut 6,000-6,900 Jobs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  said it plans to eliminate between 6,000 and 6,900 jobs during  the next 18 months, implement a 10 percent across-the-board pay  reduction and reduce employee benefits.
SunTrust Fires 3 Finance Execs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc., a large U.S.  southeast regional bank, on Wednesday said it fired three  finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after  uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans.
Delta to Cut 6,000-6,900 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines  on Wednesday\said it plans to eliminate between 6,000 and 6,900 jobs during\the next 18 months, implement a 10 percent across-the-board pay\reduction and reduce employee benefits.
Rate Hike Seen as Federal Reserve Meets The Federal Open Market Committee, the rate-setting panel for the US Federal Reserve, began its deliberations Wednesday with a rate hike widely expected.
Music, games, porn - Vodafone launches 3G The UK #39;s biggest service provider, with million customers, is leading the 3G push with 10 new handsets, seven of which will be exclusive to Vodafone - with the Sharp 902 debuting as Europe #39;s first two-megapixel camera phone.
Cosmetic company #39;s Q3 loss widens as sales slip 7 NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Revlon, Inc reiterated its 2004 financial outlook as the cosmetics firm reported a wider-than-expected third quarter loss.
Martha Stewart Wants Aid with Legal Bills Martha Stewart, the imprisoned celebrity homemaker, is asking her company to help pick up about \$3.7 million in legal expenses stemming from her criminal trial.
Back to basics to save bank JOHN Stewart, Michael Ullmer and Ahmed Fahour have devised a simple plan to restore the fortunes of National Australia Bank - they are returning to an updated version of the management systems used by former chief executive Don Argus in the first half of 
Exports rise narrrows US trade gap The US trade gap shrank by a sharper than expected 3.7 in September as exports rose to a record high, despite a new record deficit with China.
UPDATE 1-DR Horton 4th-quarter earnings jump Homebuilder DR Horton Inc. (DHI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 52 percent increase in quarterly profit on strong new home sales orders and forecast stronger-than 
Bank set to meet inflation target The Bank of England today hinted that interest rates may have peaked as it said it was on course to meet its inflation target assuming that rates remain unchanged.
Microsoft to Launch New Search Engine Microsoft is set to unleash its much-anticipated search technology this week, as it ramps up efforts to take on market leader Google.
Firefox 1.0 Released Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer has a serious rival in the long-awaited Firefox 1.0 web browser, which has just been released. Few people get excited when some new software is released, especially when the program is not a game or a music or movie player.
Microsoft to indemnify most users from legal threats In a bid to further differentiate itself from open source rivals, Microsoft Tuesday said it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers.
For gamers, a midnight wait in line for  #39;Halo 2 #39; In just a few minutes,  quot;Halo 2 quot; would officially be released, and these gamers couldn #39;t wait to get their first taste of the most marketed, and perhaps most anticipated, video game ever.
Alarm raised over yet another MyDoom bug Dubbed MyDoom.AH by security firms, this latest variant in the MyDoom family of worms is exploiting the recently publicised vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer #39;s (IE) IFRAME buffer overflow.
Skype offers free wireless voice calls Internet telephony firm Skype today promised free wireless voice calls for millions of European surfers via a version of its software for the recently launched Siemens Gigaset DECT cordless phones.
Planetary Society sets date for launch of solar sail spacecraft PASADENA, Calif. There could be something new under the sun next year -- the first controlled flight by a spaceship designed to run off solar wind.
Man charged with selling Windows source code Months after launching a federal investigation, authorities yesterday arrested a Connecticut man for selling the source code for Microsoft #39;s Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 operating systems over the Internet.
Russian Trojan sends SMS spam A Trojan virus has that uses infected computers to send SMS spam to mobile phones in Russia has been discovered. The Delf-HA Trojan uses the infected PC to exploit the  quot;send an SMS for free quot; service common on a number of Russian mobile operator websites.
Former Speaker reverses stand on stem cell research Former Massachusetts House Speaker Thomas M. Finneran, who opposed embryonic stem cell research while on Beacon Hill, now says state lawmakers should support the research in order for the Bay State to keep up with California.
SunTrust Fires Three After Investigation (AP) AP - SunTrust Banks Inc. has fired its chief credit officer, Sandra W. Jansky, and two others in its credit division after an investigation found errors in its calculation of auto loan default reserves, the company said Wednesday.
Pires dropped by France Robert Pires, the Arsenal midfielder, has been dropped from the France squad following a public outburst against coach Raymond Domenech.
Soccer: Arsenal midfielder Edu breaks toe LONDON : Arsenal #39;s Brazilian international midfielder Edu broke the toe on his right foot in Tuesday #39;s 3-1 League Cup win over Everton at Highbury.
West Bromwich Albion Football Club midfielder retires from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Andy Johnson has decided to end his Wales career and concentrate on his West Bromwich Albion Football Club position. Johnson has won 14 caps for Wales, the last of which came against Latvia in a friendly in August.
Adidas and Soccer Look to Hollywood to Boost Presence in US Adidas-Salomon AG aims to lift sales in the US and soccer #39;s ruling body FIFA plans to raise its profile there by endorsing three Hollywood films part-produced by Mel Gibson and featuring David Beckham.
Japanese stars beat Clemens Roger Clemens didn #39;t look like a pitcher who is about to retire. Pitching on just a few hours sleep, Clemens held the Japanese all-stars to three runs on eight hits over 5 2-3 innings Wednesday 
Katich in form, but axed again AUSTRALIA #39;S ageing cricketers have been promised they will not be axed prematurely after batsman Simon Katich became the fall guy for the second time this year.
NFL: Miami #39;s Wannstedt quit to avoid being focal point DAVIE, Fla. - Dave Wannstedt tried to steer the Miami Dolphins through a lot of obstacles this season, but he finally found one distraction he couldn #39;t overcome: Worried that the heat surrounding his job status 
Iraqi PM #39;s Cousin Kidnapped, Islamists Threaten Gunmen have abducted three relatives of Iraq #39;s prime minister from outside their Baghdad home, the interim Iraqi government said on Wednesday.
Chinese submarine puts Japan on Red alert JAPAN was on alert yesterday after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its territorial waters. The submarine was detected in Japanese waters near islands disputed with China about 300km southwest 
Thousands in Kashmir protest alleged rape Police in Kashmir fired tear gas and used batons Wednesday to disperse thousands of people protesting the alleged rape of a woman and her daughter by soldiers.
How to Learn a Language I've been a linguophile for a long time, and I'm always studying a little bit of some language or another. However, it's only recently that I've finally figured out the way that works best for me, with the help of modern technology. Perhaps this might help those of you who have been planning on learning a language some day.  
Election Fraud - 20004 Fraud is not a word that one uses lightly. Indeed, in the context of a Presidential election, using it exposes one to dismissal as the very thought of it is distasteful. This time, however, the evidence is clear and unmistakable. 
State Coffers Benefit From Boom in N.Va. Economists say growth in federal defense and anti-terrorism spending has fueled economic recovery and boosted tax collections.
Rebel Fighters Who Fled Attack May Now Be Active Elsewhere Insurgent leaders in Falluja probably fled before the American-led offensive and may be coordinating attacks in Iraq.
US deficit pushes euro over \$1.30 The dollar slumps to a new record low against the euro, breaching the \$1.30 level on news of another large trade deficit.
Odd Question on West Bank: Who Is Arafat, Really? Like so much else they consider beyond their control, Palestinians in Nablus are adjusting to the prospect of Yasir Arafat's death.
Israel Agrees to Ramallah Burial Site for Arafat Egypt has agreed to a Palestinian Authority request to hold funeral services in Cairo for Yasir Arafat.
Land 'gift' from Benetton spurned Argentine indigenous leaders reject an offer by clothing giant Benetton to hand over land to end a dispute.
Microsoft Expands Software Indemnification Program  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; is expanding  its indemnification program for Windows and other software  products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent  disputes, the world's largest software maker said on Tuesday.
Nigeria court overturns stoning An Islamic court in northern Nigeria acquits a woman who had been sentenced to death by stoning for adultery.
Estonian defence minister quits Estonian defence minister Margus Hanson resigns after admitting confidential documents were stolen from his home.
No freedom for  nuclear scientist Pakistan's supreme court rejects a petition to free from house arrest disgraced nuclear scientist AQ Khan on health grounds.
Turning invention into innovation Technological "inventions" are not going to have the same kind of transformative value that they did in the past.
The tree-climbing rhino protectors Anti-poaching measures mean Tanzania's rhino populations have a chance to recover, reports Tira Shubart.
France Citizens Queue to Leave Ivory Coast (Reuters) Reuters - French citizens queued at Ivory Coast's\main airport on Wednesday to flee their former West African\colony as violent anti-French protesters massed for a fifth day\in support of President Laurent Gbagbo.
Microsoft to Launch New Search Engine (PC World) PC World - Software giant hopes to challenge Google with new search technology.
European Businesses Protest Possible Ban (AP) AP - European business leaders in Japan lambasted on Wednesday a plan by the nation's ruling party to ban prepaid cell phones as a move that would raise questions about discrimination against a foreign-owned carrier.
Microsoft Expands Software Indemnification Program (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  is expanding\its indemnification program for Windows and other software\products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent\disputes, the world's largest software maker said on Tuesday.
Trade Gap Narrows on Record Exports  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. trade deficit narrowed more  than expected in September as a rise in exports to  unprecedented levels offset the impact of record-high prices  for imported oil, a government report showed on Wednesday.
US opposes negotiations with Afghan kidnappers: Armitage (AFP) AFP - The United States is opposed to negotiations with hostage-takers who abducted three United Nations staffers in Afghanistan last month, US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said.
Federated Department Stores Posts Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Federated Department Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FD.N&lt;/A&gt;, parent of Macy's and Bloomingdale's, posted  higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on Wednesday and said  it was encouraged by October sales, nudging its shares up.
Tech Stocks Open Lower on Cisco; Dow Flat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. tech stocks opened lower on  Wednesday, as results from technology bellwether Cisco Systems  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; disappointed Wall Street, while investors await  an expected hike in interest rates from the Fed later in the  day.
Satellite Tracking Finds Albatrosses' Deadly Zones (Reuters) Reuters - Satellite tracking data have\pinpointed parts of the world where longline fishing trawlers\and albatrosses cross paths, often with fatal results for the\majestic sea birds, a report released on Wednesday said.
SunTrust Axes 3 Finance Execs, to Restate  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 7  U.S. bank, on Wednesday said it fired three finance executives,  including its chief credit officer, after finding "numerous  errors" in how much to set aside for bad loans.
Developed nations needn #39;t fear outsourcing: IMF The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has debunked fears of job losses in industrialised nations due to outsourcing of services to developing nations.
Mining the Moon, the Gateway to Mars (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - GOLDEN, COLORADO -- Any high hopes of sustaining expeditions on the Moon, Mars or beyond will depend on getting "down and dirty" on those worlds -- in the form of using on-the-spot resources.
New Images Reveal Clouds on Planet Uranus (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - New images of the planet Uranus reveal more diversity in cloud features than ever seen before.
Cases examine alcohol shipments and ad campaign The US Supreme Court serves up a pair of tasty cases this week, one involving interstate sales of wine and the other exploring a government ad campaign for beef.
Darfur Peace Talks Adjourn After Security, Aid Deal  ABUJA (Reuters) - Peace talks between the Sudan government  and Darfur rebels ended on Wednesday, a day after Khartoum  bowed to international pressure and signed agreements on  security and humanitarian issues with rebels.
Three Dutch Police Injured in Anti-Terror Raid  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Suspects sought in a Dutch  anti-terrorism raid threw a hand grenade in a tense standoff  with police on Wednesday, injuring three officers, amid a  spiral of violence following the killing of an outspoken  filmmaker.
Killer of Sweden's Lindh Seeks Leniency in Appeal  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh's  confessed killer sought leniency in a Supreme Court appeal on  Wednesday, with his lawyer arguing he was mentally ill when he  attacked her and should not be jailed for murder.
Photos: Sony's pocket-size PC The 1.2 pound Sony Vaio U is powered by a 1.1GHz Intel Pentium M 733 processor, 512MB of RAM, and a 20GB, 1.8-inch hard drive.
Fed opens meeting, poised to raise interest rates WASHINGTON : US Federal Reserve policymakers opened a meeting, nearly certain to raise key interest rates amid signs of a resurgent American jobs market.
Stocks Are Mixed Ahead of Fed Meeting Stocks were mixed Wednesday as the Federal Reserve prepared to meet and investors looked ahead to an another hike in interest rates.
News rebound lifts All Ords index past 3850 NEWS Corp led the sharemarket into record territory yesterday as investors here grew accustomed to the US way of corporate control, taking Monday #39;s poison pill move by chairman Rupert Murdoch in their stride.
Revlon #39;s loss widens in third quarter Revlon Inc. #39;s third-quarter loss widened amid a 7 percent drop in sales as the cosmetics giant completed an ambitious refinancing effort.
NAB #39;s crumb of comfort NATIONAL Australia Bank shares rose sharply yesterday despite a 19.7 per cent fall in annual net profit to \$3.2 billion. Investors took comfort in chief executive John Stewart #39;s 
Cable  amp; Wireless to cut 600 more jobs The telecommunications firm Cable  amp; Wireless today said it would cut another 600 jobs and return 250m to investors as it reaches the halfway mark in a three-year recovery plan.
MSN To Launch Search Engine Microsoft Corp. is planning to launch its own Web search engine on Thursday, according to several reports published Tuesday evening.
What #39;s Next For Mozilla? ezberry writes  quot;After releasing version 1.0 of Firefox, what #39;s ahead for the Mozilla Foundation and the venerable Firefox browser?
Astronaut discusses Martian frontier Astronaut Pam Melroy has logged more than 560 hours in space. She slowed down long enough Tuesday to discuss the future of space exploration at Stennis Space Center.
Miami Heat Team Report - November 10 (Sports Network) - Dwyane Wade followed up his career-high 37-point effort on Monday night with 22 points and nine assists to lead the Miami Heat to a 103-93 victory over the Washington Wizards in the back end of a home-and-home set on Tuesday at 
Train driver  #39;not to blame #39; for accident The driver of the train which crashed into a car on a level crossing killing him and six others had just two or three seconds to stop, an official report has found.
Clarett: I  #39;took the fall #39; for Buckeyes Like a zombie punching its fist through the soil on a stormy night, former Ohio State running back Maurice Clarett reemerged from isolation in an interview in a story appearing in ESPN The Magazine released on ESPN #39;s Web site yesterday.
2 members of Iraqi interim leader #39;s family abducted Two members of the Iraqi interim prime minister #39;s family were abducted from their Baghdad home, his spokesman confirmed Wednesday.
Finally, some deals for Darfur As the clock keeps fatally ticking for Darfurian refugees, the Sudanese government and rebels from Darfur finally reached landmark security and humanitarian agreements yesterday.
Sunnis drop out In the first major political backlash over the assault on Fallujah, Iraqs most prominent Sunni political party said Tuesday it was withdrawing from the interim Iraqi government, while the leading group of Sunni clerics called for Iraqis to boycott the 
Anger wells up in Srinagar over rape Srinagar witnessed widespread public anger on Wednesday over the alleged rape of a woman and her daughter by an army officer. Youths took to the streets burning tyres in the morning.
Sarkozy defends French backing for Alstom CBI director general Digby Jones yesterday clashed with French finance minister Nicolas Sarkozy over the state-backed rescue of one of France #39;s biggest industrial companies.
SunTrust Cleans House SunTrust (STI:NYSE - news - research) fired three executives in its credit division in the wake of an accounting snafu, vowing that a conservative credit culture should never  quot;interfere with the application of generally accepted accounting principles.
US trade gap shrinks to \$51.6 billion WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - A strong euro and a strong hurricane helped cut the US trade deficit by 3.7 percent to \$51.6 billion in September.
Jobless Claims Lower Than Expected The number of Americans filing initial claims for jobless pay rose last week to 333,000, the Labor Department said on Wednesday, but was still lower than expected by Wall Street.
Risks vs. benefits The removal of painkiller Vioxx shows no drug is perfect. It is linked to heart attacks and strokes, but it has helped many. Patients must evaluate medications more carefully than ever.
Mining the Moon, the Gateway to Mars GOLDEN, COLORADO -- Any high hopes of sustaining expeditions on the Moon, Mars or beyond will depend on getting  quot;down and dirty quot; on those worlds -- in the form of using on-the-spot resources.
IRS Probing Bank of America's Pensions (AP) AP - The Internal Revenue Service is auditing the 1998 and 1999 tax returns of Bank of America Corp.'s pension and 401(k) plans, which have been the subject of a class-action employee lawsuit.
Hard work ahead, warns Robbo Bryan Robson has warned his players they are in for a long-hard season - but he wants them to work with a smile on their face. That #39;s the formula new manager Robson sees as vital 
Mutu set to meet Juve officials Romania striker Adrian Mutu, banned for seven months for taking cocaine, is to hold talks with Serie A leaders Juventus, an Italian club official says.
Coaching a real possibility The Great One hit town yesterday and he sure was welcome. He made it feel a bit more like winter. Wayne Gretzky was a pretty fair player in his day, and his time as an executive have been equally well spent.
Rolling Moss gathers win The immortal words of Spinal Tap while they were lost in the maze of backstage hallways couldn #39;t have suited the Edmonton Road Runners any better.
France to expand public stake in nuclear giant Areva to 35-40 pct PARIS : The French government will further privatise Areva in the first half of 2005, bringing the listed capital to 35-40 percent of the world #39;s leading civilian nuclear energy group, Economy Minister Nicolas Sarkozy revealed.
O #39;Connor #39;s medal now  #39;tarnished #39; Avril Doyle, president of the Irish Equestrian Federation, believes Cian O #39;Connor #39;s Olympic medal is tarnished following a positive blood test.
Foreigners flee Ivory Coast The United Nations and France have begun mass evacuations of UN staff and foreign nationals following days of violence and looting in Ivory Coast, a UN spokesman said.
Death by stoning sentence overturned An Islamic appeal court in Nigeria today overturned a sentence of death by stoning handed down to a 29-year-old pregnant woman for having sex out of wedlock.
MSN Search to Challenge Google and Yahoo MSN Search to Challenge Google and Yahoo\\The new MSN Search is a full speed ahead effort for Microsoft to catch Google and Yahoo in the search engine race and are about ready to release their MSN Search Engine. Microsoft has offered a search engine since long on their MSN website ...
Search Engine for Programming Code Search Engine for Programming Code\\An article at Newsforge pointed me to Koders ( http://www.koders.com ) a search engine for finding programming code. Nifty.\\The front page allows you to specify keywords, sixteen languages (from ASP to VB.NET) and sixteen licenses (from AFL to ZPL -- fortunately there's an information page to ...
Higher Rankings the Higher Revenue Per Click on AdSense Higher Rankings the Higher Revenue Per Click on AdSense\\Shaw, aka DigitalPoint, has posed an interesting observation. He has seen a correlation between the natural rankings of a page for a keyword term and the earned revenue per click on the AdSense ads for that page. He said, and its just ...
Is Google the Next Netscape? Microsoft is trailing badly in the search-engine wars.  But Google, Yahoo and other search powers shouldn't rest too easy. Remember what happened to Netscape? &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Vodafone launches 3G service Vodafone have launched the long-awaited third generation, 3G, mobile phone service that offers video calls and music downloads. The use of 3G technology promises faster data rates for mobile users that will 
US weekly jobless claims rise 2,000 to 333,000 WASHINGTON : The queue of newly jobless Americans lengthened a little last week, government figures showed. The number of people lodging new unemployment benefit claims rose 2,000 to a seasonally adjusted 
Vodafone Launches 3G Services in Europe Cell phone giant Vodafone Group PLC, which has spent years struggling to recoup billions spent on 3G licences, finally launched the cutting-edge service Wednesday in much of Europe and introduced or beefed up its operation in a dozen other countries.
Scotland Joins Growing Anti-Tobacco Movement (Reuters) Reuters - Scotland became the latest country to\take a stand against tobacco on Wednesday by announcing a ban\on smoking in public buildings.
Is Google the Next Netscape? (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft might be king of the software world, but it's having to play catch up in the increasingly important world of Internet and desktop search, chasing the substantial leads of Google, Yahoo and others.
Britain condemns bomb attack in Kathmandu (AFP) AFP - A visiting British deputy minister condemned the bombing by suspected Maoist rebels of an office block in the Nepalese capital Kathmandu which injured 38 people.
Bosnian Serbs sorry for massacre Bosnian Serb leaders apologise for the first time to relatives of up to 8,000 Muslims killed in Srebrenica in 1995.
NBA Wrap: Magic Stun New Grizzlies Coach Fratello  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Grant Hill posted 23 points and seven  assists to hand Mike Fratello his first defeat as team coach as  the Orlando Magic downed the Memphis Grizzlies 96-91 Saturday.
Stocks Flat; Cisco, Pfizer Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were near the unchanged  mark on Wednesday as results from technology bellwether Cisco  Systems disappointed Wall Street, while investors await an  expected interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve later in  the trading session.
Boycott slams ICC 'chucker's charter' (AFP) AFP - Geoff Boycott has slammed the International Cricket Council's proposal to relax the rules on chucking as the result of pressure from Sri Lanka on behalf of star spinner Muttiah Muralitharan.
U.S. Commanders: Fallujah Fight Not Over (AP) AP - American commanders are expressing confidence that the Fallujah offensive will restore order in that hotbed of Sunni resistance, but they caution that much fighting remains.
Genetic Code (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - BIOMARIN PHARMACEUTICAL (4, BMRN) is the classic biotech, convertible-debt-laden and intensely unprofitable. But Quinterol Mallette, portfolio manager at Mallette Capital Management, argues that Aldurazyme, BioMarin's treatment for a children's enzyme-deficiency disease, is about to take off. What's more, BioMarin acquired Ascent Pediatrics, a profitable biotech with its own pediatrics sales force.
Rebels Set Off Land mine in Indian Kashmir; 11 Dead Separatist militants set off a powerful land mine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest guerrilla attacks in weeks, police said on Sunday.
WTO Eyes U.S. Offshore Web Gambling Ban (AP) AP - In a ruling that could open the United States to offshore Internet gambling, a World Trade Organization panel Wednesday said Washington should drop prohibitions on Americans placing bets in online casinos.
Merck Boosts Blue Chips, Cisco Fells Tech US blue chip stocks rose on Wednesday, helped by drugmaker Merck  amp; Co. Inc. (MRK), but technology stocks fell as results from technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc.
Oil Fades to \$47 as Supplies Build Oil prices fell to seven-week lows below \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another increase in US oil and natural gas inventories ahead of winter.
SunTrust Fires Credit Executives Over Reserve Errors (Update4) SunTrust Banks Inc., the eighth- largest US bank, fired its chief credit officer and two other executives and said it made numerous errors #39; #39; in determining how much to set aside for bad loans in this year #39;s first half.
EC promises Microsoft anti-trust fight will continue The European Commission has said it will pursue its anti-trust case against Microsoft despite the loss of two of the Commission #39;s principal supporters from the IT industry.
USDA: Devastating Soybean Disease Found (Reuters) Reuters - The first case of soybean rust, an\economically devastating disease for farmers, has been found in\the mainland United States, the U.S. Agriculture Department\said on Wednesday.
HP Unveils an Array of Printing Products (PC World) PC World - Multifunction devices, workgroup printers, and a new digital pen debut.
Female Genital Mutilation Lives on in Djibouti (Reuters) Reuters - Late one evening on a stony hill above\Djibouti's northern town of Tadjourah, an old Afar woman is\squatting comfortably on a thin mat, tiny limbs wrapped tidily\up around her.
Microsoft to enter battle of the search engines Microsoft is set to launch a trial version of its long-awaited Internet search engine, as it reacts to the growing threat of Google.
Microsoft Extends Legal Protection To All Customers Nov. 10, 2004. Microsoft is extending the policy that currently protects some of its business customers from potential legal costs associated with intellectual-property disputes to all of its customers, including consumers.
Halo 2 gets down to Earth You #39;ve read the ads, heard the buzz and seen the long lineups on the news, but does Halo 2 live up to the hype? Yes. Played from an immersive first-person perspective, the original Halo: Combat Evolved was 
Firefox eyes 10 per cent browser share in US The organisation behind Firefox is hoping that the open source Web browser can grab 10 per cent of the US market in 2005, it said yesterday.
Microsoft Fixes ISA Server Spoofing Flaw A bug in Microsoft #39;s Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2 can let hackers spoof Web content, such as a trusted site, with their own fake content, the Redmond 
A glimpse of SpaceShipOne #39;s historic flights Members of the Mojave Aerospace Ventures team: (from left) Peter Diamandis, Paul Allen, Burt Rutan, pilot Brian Binnie and Richard Branson celebrate with champagne after SpaceShipOne #39;s second suborbital flight in early October.
Samsung develops ultra-fast Flash memory for mobiles Samsung Electronics has developed ultra-fast 1Gb OneNand Flash memory designed for next-generation mobile phones which it claims boasts a fourfold read speed increase over conventional Nand Flash performance.
Aurora Presents Spectacular Display With eruptions from a large and complex sunspot group sending a series of solar storms to Earth, the stage is set for spectacular displays of the Northern Lights or Aurora Borealis this week.
Gran Turismo 4 finished; Sony annouces Nike bundle for Japan Sony Computer Entertainment held a party in Tokyo yesterday to celebrate the completion of Polyphony Digital #39;s long-awaited Gran Turismo 4, which is set for release in Japan - and, apparently, in North America - this December.
Defending Harsh Sentences for Spammers BMcWilliams writes  quot;Russell McGuire, one of the government lawyers who prosecuted spammer Jeremy Jaynes, has published an article justifying the tough sentence recommended by a Virginia jury.
Robson Leads Kanu Super Eagles Nwankwo Kanu #39;s West Bromwich have named Bryan Robson as their new manager. Robson, 47, has agreed a two-and-a-half year deal, with Nigel Pearson moving to The Hawthorns as his assistant.
Lewsey: We need confidence boost World Cup winner Josh Lewsey has underlined the importance of England delivering a confidence-building performance against Canada this weekend.
Rugby union-Lomu still hopeful of return to action Former All Black winger Jonah Lomu says he is still hopeful of a return to competitive rugby following his kidney transplant earlier this year.
Tressel:  #39;Allegations Made Against Me Totally False #39; COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Ohio State football coach Jim Tressel issued a statement Tuesday afternoon, saying that allegations made about the program by former tailback Maurice Clarett were  quot;totally false.
Six shots that helped shaped the PGA Tour season The first sign that Vijay Singh would be a relentless force on the PGA Tour came in a tournament he didn #39;t win, with a putt that ultimately didn #39;t matter.
Bosnian Serbs apologize for Srebrenica massacre (AFP) AFP - Bosnian Serb authorities apologized for the first time to relatives of around 8,000 Muslims killed by Serb forces in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, Europe's worst atrocity since World War II.
Behind the Curtain Veal Kandal is the kind of village the Cambodian government doesn #39;t want anyone to know about. The 40 farming families that live among dusty, drought-stricken paddies were facing 
Microsoft Offers Users Legal Protection (PC World) PC World - Software giant expands its indemnification program to cover the majority of its customers.
France, United States and other nations evacuate foreigners &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; France and the United States on Wednesday began evacuating thousands of foreigners trapped for days by violent attacks targeting French civilians and troops in this West African nation.
Israel #39;s Netanyahu lifts resignation threat JERUSALEM - Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced on Tuesday he was lifting his threat to resign over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s refusal to put a Gaza pullout plan to a national referendum.
China Shipyard Announces Order for Ships (AP) AP - A Shanghai shipyard has agreed to build up to five giant container ships the China's biggest shipping line, the shipyard company said Wednesday.
Fed to Raise Rates as Economy Strengthens  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Federal Reserve policy-makers  met on Wednesday amid universal expectation they will nudge  interest rates up for a fourth time this year and growing  speculation that they will carry on with rate hikes.
Girl Saves Infant Sister From Wild Dog (AP) AP - A 5-year-old girl saved her infant sister from a possible attack by an Australian dingo in a hotel room on an island where the wild dogs killed a boy three years ago.
Dollar Falls to New Low Vs Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar remained under pressure  against the euro on Wednesday, after falling to a record low in  a selloff that followed a report on a narrowing U.S. trade gap.
Pennsylvania Avenue walkable again (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A redesigned pedestrian mall on Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House opened to the public Tuesday.
Oil Up After U.S. Inventory Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices edged up from seven-week lows  below \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as U.S. crude oil inventories  grew again ahead of winter but heating oil stocks fell.
Delta to Issue 75 Million Shares  CHICAGO (Reuters) - No. 3 U.S. airline Delta Air Lines Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, fighting to avoid bankruptcy, on Wednesday said it  will sell up to 75 million common shares, sparking a 4 percent  drop its stock.
Treasuries Slip Before Auction, Fed Meet  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries eased into an auction of  new U.S. government debt on Wednesday, just hours before the  Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates for the  fourth time this year.
Update 1: SunTrust Fires 3 on Errors Causing Delay SunTrust Banks Inc. has fired its chief credit officer and two other employees because of errors that will delay third-quarter earnings and force the company to restate some financial results.
New EU Members to Transition Smoothly The European Union #39;s head office on Wednesday predicted a smooth transition to the euro in the 10 new EU nations that are hoping to adopt the common currency by 2010.
Microsoft to launch search engine that competes with Google, Yahoo It #39;s going to be difficult, if not impossible, to beat Google at its own game. Google is king of the search engine world for a very good reason: Google works.
Randy no match for Rocket One pitcher in the history of baseball has won more Cy Young Awards than Randy Johnson, and he widened his lead Tuesday. Houston Astros ace Roger Clemens earned his record seventh Cy Young 
Rugby: Recovering Lomu sets his sights on World Cup glory ROME : All Blacks legend Jonah Lomu said he was hoping to make a return to competitive rugby in 12 months #39; time and then help New Zealand win the 2007 World Cup in France.
Egil  quot;Drillo quot; Olsen returns to Norwegian soccer Norway #39;s best-known soccer coach, Egil  quot;Drillo quot; Olsen, will return to active duty when he takes over the head job at elite division club Fredrikstad next season.
Darfur Peace Talks Adjourn After Security, Aid Deal  ABUJA (Reuters) - Peace talks between Sudan's government  and Darfur rebels ended on Wednesday, a day after Khartoum  bowed to international pressure and signed agreements on  security and humanitarian issues with rebels.
Casino giant in \$4bn Vegas plan Casino giant MGM Mirage is building a \$4bn gambling resort complex in the centre of Las Vegas.
EU to monitor anti-piracy efforts The European Commission is to start monitoring China, Ukraine and Russia to see if they are making genuine efforts to stop counterfeit goods.
Netflix Sees Green Netflix spins the color wheel for a spell and it's a much brighter color than red.
Cisco #39;s Chambers Expects Slower 2nd-Qtr Sales Growth (Update4) Cisco Systems Inc. shares had their biggest decline in three months, dragging down other technology stocks, after Chief Executive John Chambers said sales growth will slow this quarter 
Martha Stewart asks company to pitch in on legal bills Imprisoned homemaking mogul Martha Stewart has asked the company she founded, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., to reimburse her for \$3.
Swisscom Plans Job Cuts, Reports Earnings Telecommunications company Swisscom AG reported Wednesday that third-quarter net income fell 10 percent and said it would cut about 390 jobs, or 2.5 percent of its fulltime work force, next year.
New EU set for quick euro switch Brussels has said the EU #39;s newest members should adopt the euro in one step, in contrast to the currency #39;s original phased introduction.
USDA Finds Devastating Soy Rust in Louisiana The first case of soybean rust, an economically devastating disease for farmers, has been found in the mainland United States, the US Agriculture Department said on Wednesday.
MS search engine rumours abound Microsoft #39;s search engine is due to appear on MSN tomorrow, Thursday, according to an awful lot of anonymous sources. The New York Times heard from  quot;a person knowledgeable about the announcement quot; while Reuters made do with  quot;sources close to the company quot;.
Microsoft Offers Users Legal Protection In a bid to further differentiate itself from open-source rivals, Microsoft this week says it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers.
Skype Calls on Siemens Phones Skype Technologies is teaming with Siemens to offer cordless phone users the ability to make Internet telephony calls, in addition to traditional calls, from their handsets.
Talking face to face, far away November 10, 2004  If you #39;ve needed an excuse to buy a new phone, now you #39;ve got one, provided that you have some extra cash lying around: SK Telecom and KTF said yesterday that they will begin offering video phone services in Korea within a couple of 
=== Davenport, Serena ready for Day-1 action in LA === Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Current world No. 1 Lindsay Davenport and former top-ranked superstar Serena Williams will be among those seeing action Wednesday night at the season-ending \$3 million WTA Tour Championships.
From horrible contracts to hideous play, Isiah #39;s Knicks are &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Yes, the product is overpriced and the constant barrage of piped in sound effects is enough to drive Seinfeld #39;s Lloyd Braun into another nervous breakdown (hearing Ric Flair #39;s patented  quot;Wooo!
Clarke seeks club warm-up for NZ test SYDNEY: Australian legend-in-the-making Michael Clarke trained with New South Wales yesterday, but has stuck to his pledge to play club cricket rather than face New Zealand today.
Gretzky hasn #39;t said no to coaching The Great One hit TO yesterday and made it feel a bit more like winter. Wayne Gretzky was a pretty fair player in his day, and his time as an executive has been equally well spent.
Kidnapped Italian freed in southern Philippines An Italian aid worker walked free from the jungles of the southern Philippines on Wednesday, a day after he was abducted by local gunmen, officials said.
Thai riot official death toll questioned A Thai legislator says the death toll from a riot and its aftermath in the largely Muslim south may be far higher than the officially acknowledged 85, most of whom suffocated in army custody.
Injury after Camp Dogwood attack A soldier in the Black Watch battle group has been injured after a mortar round was fired into the troops #39; central Iraq base. The attack on Camp Dogwood came two days after a fourth member of the 850-strong group was killed in a suicide bomb attack.
At lest 22 die in north Iraq clashes, curfews slapped on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSUL, Iraq, Nov 10 (AFP) - At least 22 people were killed in a wave of violence in northern Iraq Wednesday, prompting the government to slap curfews on the Sunni Muslim cities of Mosul and Baiji.
Scripps Raises Forecast for TV Ad Revenue  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media company E.W. Scripps Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SSP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SSP.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Wednesday raised its forecast for broadcast television  advertising revenue in the current quarter, citing a  stronger-than-expected market for political commercials in  October.
Worm exploits Microsoft patch cycle The Bofra worm was released Monday--one day before the software giant's monthly patch update.
Warriors Whack Pacers 104-96 (AP) AP - Mickael Pietrus gave Golden State just the lift it needed, contributing 15 points and six rebounds off the bench as the Warriors ended a four-game losing streak with a 104-96 win over the Indiana Pacers on Saturday night.
New Firefox supplies patches in nick of time In the very week Mozilla Firefox Version 1.0 was launched, a series of potentially nasty security holes have been uncovered in older versions of the browser.
Siemens' cordless phones gain access to Skype Skype Technologies SA is teaming with Siemens AG to offer cordless phone users the ability to make Internet telephony calls, in addition to traditional calls, from their handsets.
Microsoft Offers Users Legal Protection Software giant expands its indemnification program to cover the majority of its customers.
HP Unveils an Array of Printing Products Multifunction devices, workgroup printers, and a new digital pen debut.
Samsung SDI develops world's first '3D' mobile display (AFP) AFP - South Korea's Samsung SDI Co., the world's leading display maker, said that it has developed the first all-angle three-dimensional (3D) display panels for mobile phones.
Oil Climbing Back Up After Supply Report  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rebounded from seven-week  lows on Wednesday as U.S. heating oil stocks fell for an eighth  straight week ahead of winter.
Back to 'School' for Walton, and 167 Other Hopefuls  LONDON (Reuters) - Ireland's Philip Walton, who holed the  winning putt for Europe at the 1995 Ryder Cup, tees off this  week in a field of 168 at the European Tour qualifying school  finals in Spain.
Nasdaq on the slide Tech weakness hurts composite, while broader market little changed ahead of expected Fed rate hike. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Techs slumped early Wednesday on disappointment about Cisco #39;s earnings, while the 
States #39; rights lose out to VoIP VoIP has escaped regulation by individual states in the US after a ruling by the Federal Communications Commission. The FCC decided that Vonage Holdings #39; DigitalVoice service could not be governed by dual 
UPDATE 3-DR Horton earnings jump, sees strong 2005 Homebuilder DR Horton Inc. (DHI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 52 percent increase in quarterly profit on strong orders for new homes and forecast better-than-expected results for 2005.
MGM Mirage Sees a City The casino company Wednesday announced ambitious plans to create a 66-acre city-within-a-city on the Las Vegas Strip between the Bellagio, which MGM Mirage owns, and the Monte Carlo, in which it holds a 50 stake.
BoE report suggests rates on hold Interest rates may have peaked, the Bank of England has signalled as it warned that house prices could fall further in the coming months.
We disclosed credit card fees say banks Major banks being investigated by the Commerce Commission for not properly disclosing credit card fees, insisted yesterday they have been upfront with the public over the fees for the past few years.
Skype Offers Free Wireless Voice Calls The Siemens handset has been designed to provide cordless access to Skype features including free Skype-to-Skype calling, buddy lists, the Skype Global Directory and conference calling.
Bluetooth v2.0 Introduced On Monday, the Bluetooth SIG, the organization behind the Bluetooth specification, announced the launch of the Bluetooth v2.0 spec.
Mutu in talks with Juventus Sacked former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was in Italy today for talks with Serie A leaders Juventus. The disgraced Romanian international is banned from all football until 
Orlando Magic Team Report - November 10 (Sports Network) - The much-improved Orlando Magic will take aim at their fourth win in five games tonight, when they take on the Washington Wizards at the MCI Center.
Toronto Raptors Team Report - November 10 (Sports Network) - The Toronto Raptors continues its Western Conference road trip tonight when they play the Utah Jazz at the Delta Center.
Vodafone targets iPod generation Young adults are the prime target of Vodafone's first video phones, which supports music downloads and TV clips.
Fifteenth Anniversary of the Berlin Wall #39;s Fall Fifteen years ago, Berliners took to the streets in a spontaneous explosion of disbelief and jubilation as they realized that the wall that had divided their city for 28 years had crashed to the ground literally and figuratively.
India ; India-EU summit was very successful: Manmohan India News, New Delhi: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh returned home early today after attending the India-EU summit at The Hauge. He was received by Minister of State in the Prime Minister #39;s Office Prithviraj Chauhan at the Palam Technical Area.
Microsoft Enters Legal Agreements with Novell, CCIA Microsoft this week reached legal and financial settlements with two of its most vocal antitrust critics -- Novell and the Computer  amp; Communications Industry Association.
Hercules falls to loss in 3Q on charge WILMINGTON, Del. -- Chemical company Hercules Inc. posted a third-quarter loss, weighed down by a charge, and said it will restate results for certain quarters after it reviewed its accounting practices.
Federated #39;s 3Q beats Wall Street Federated Department Store Inc. posted better-than-expected earnings in the third-quarter of 2004 thanks to a sales rebound in Florida, where hurricanes had dampened sales in September.
Shoppers Drug Mart Q3 profit up 21 at \$92.5M as sales rise 9 to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Shoppers Drug Mart Corp. has rung up a healthy 21 per cent increase in third-quarter profit to \$92.5 million, as total sales increased nine per cent from a year earlier to \$1.
FCC Wants No State Strings Attached to VoIP The FCC has ruled against state regulation of voice-over-IP phone services, saying that disparate state regulations would slow their rollout.
Microsoft Has Your Back Microsoft is expanding its indemnification program for Windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes.
MGM #39;s Mini-Metropolis for Vegas Still pushing for its big merger with Mandalay Resort Group (MBG ), casino giant MGM Mirage (MGG ) pulled another card out of its sleeve on Nov. 10 with a giant residential and casino project it claims will 
US airlines agree to anti-coliform steps on aircraft The Environmental Protection Agency said yesterday it has agreed with 12 US airlines on steps to improve aircraft water quality after the agency #39;s tests discovered coliform bacteria generally found in feces in water on 12 percent of airplanes.
Microsoft to launch new search engine Seattle - Software giant Microsoft is hoping to repel a challenge from Internet rivals Google and Yahoo by launching its own search engine on Thursday, according to reports on Wednesday in the American technology press.
Microsoft to indemnify most customers from legal threats NOVEMBER 10, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - In a bid to further differentiate itself from open-source rivals, Microsoft Corp. yesterday said it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers.
Vodafone targets iPod generation Vodafone is targeting the iPod generation with its third-generation cell phones, putting music and video downloading at the heart of its sales push.
ISA Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0 Internet Content Spoofing This update resolves a newly-discovered, privately reported vulnerability. The vulnerability is documented in the Vulnerability details section of this bulletin.
Man arrested for selling Windows source code A man has been arrested for selling portions of the Windows 2000 and Windows NT 4.0 source code on-line after the software was illegally leaked onto the internet in February, according to reports.
Latest Trojan delivers SMS spam payload IT security experts have intercepted a previously undocumented Trojan virus with a novel payload that attempts to send spam SMS messages to mobile phones.
IBM plans Web meeting service, takes aim at WebEx NOVEMBER 10, 2004 (REUTERS) - IBM said yesterday it plans to offer Web conferencing as a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach small and midsize business customers while taking on more established rivals in the market.
Cobb County tells its side of evolution flap A metro Atlanta school district under fire for putting evolution disclaimers in biology books is making its case today for why the stickers should stay.
AMD inks manufacturing deal with Singapore company Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NYSE: AMD) has entered into sourcing and manufacturing technology agreements with Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd.
Arsenal midfielder Edu suffers broken toe Arsenal midfielder Edu, who had just returned to the lineup after a calf injury, broke a toe in the Gunners #39; 3-1 Carling Cup win over Everton on Tuesday.
Interview: Iraqi society in need of intensified dialogue: Sunni &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraqi society, plagued by violenceand disputes over an all-out offensive in Fallujah, is in greatneed of intensified dialogue, a prominent Sunni politician said onWednesday.
Two soldiers hurt in Iraq attacks Two British soldiers have been injured, one seriously, in separate attacks close to the Camp Dogwood military base, south of Baghdad.
Trade Gap Narrows Thanks to Weak Dollar  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. trade deficit narrowed  sharply in September, aided by a slide in the value of the  dollar, which helped push exports to record levels, a  government report showed on Wednesday.
USDA Finds Devastating Soy Rust in Louisiana  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The first case of soybean rust has  been found on the mainland United States and could affect U.S.  crops for the near future, costing farmers millions of dollars,  the Agriculture Department said on Wednesday.
Oil Prices Rebound After Heating Report  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rebounded from seven-week  lows on Wednesday as U.S. heating fuel stocks fell again ahead  of winter.
Delta to Issue Shares, Cut Jobs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, fighting  to avoid bankruptcy, will issue up to 75 million shares to  employees and creditors. The news sparked a 5 percent drop its  stock on Wednesday.
D.R. Horton Profit Up 52 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Homebuilder D.R. Horton Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DHI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DHI.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a 52 percent increase in quarterly profit on  strong orders for new homes and forecast better-than-expected  results for 2005.
Strike threat to Christmas post A union warns of "very serious problems over Christmas" if its members vote to strike in a row over pay.
Austrialia Attacks Against Jews Increasing (AP) AP - Attacks against Jews have increased in Australia, a report by a major Jewish organization released Sunday showed.
Saturn moon may have ice volcano Saturn's largest moon Titan may have water-rich liquid welling up on to the surface from its warm interior, data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests.
UEFA Approve Use of Artificial Pitches Next Season  VIENNA (Reuters) - UEFA have approved plans for artificial  pitches to be used at national and club level from the 2005/06  season, European soccer's governing body said on Wednesday.
Group Seeks Union Election Spending Probe (AP) AP - An anti-union group is urging the Federal Election Commission to investigate one of the largest unions in the country, claiming the Service Employees International Union unlawfully spent workers' dues to elect Democrats in last week's election.
Microsoft Has Your Back The software monolith extends an intellectual property plan to all.   Also: U.S. opposes the WTO's online gambling plan   hellip;.  Microsoft will offer a long awaited preview of its search-engine technology   hellip;. and more.
USDA Finds Devastating Soy Rust in Louisiana (Reuters) Reuters - The first case of soybean rust has\been found on the mainland United States and could affect U.S.\crops for the near future, costing farmers millions of dollars,\the Agriculture Department said on Wednesday.
Dutch Anti-Terror Raid Over, Two Held  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Dutch police stormed an apartment and  arrested two people on Wednesday, ending a 14-hour stand-off  that began when suspects sought in anti-terrorism probe wounded  three officers in a hand grenade blast.
MyDoom targets Microsoft again Timing of viruses that exploit a flaw in IE could be sign that creators are trying to unsettle Microsoft.
Viruses exploit Microsoft patch cycle Are MyDoom offshoots an attempt to throw Microsoft off-balance?
Good Times End With a Thud for Buffaloes (AP) AP - If heart and resiliency won championships, Colorado would have hoisted the Big 12 trophy before the title game even started.
La. Reports First Case of Soybean Rust (AP) AP - The first U.S. cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday.
French citizens flee chaos in Ivory Coast About 150 American, Australian, Canadian and Spanish nationals gathered at Abidjan #39;s sleek, modern airport. A Spanish air force plane.
Vodafone targets iPod crowd Young adults are the prime target of Vodafone's first video phones, which support music downloads and TV clips.\&lt;br /&gt;  Photos: Vodafone's 3G explosion\
Japanese Finally Beat the MLB All-Stars (Reuters) Reuters - Roger Clemens pitched well\just hours after winning his seventh Cy Young Award, but\Hisashi Iwakuma allowed just two hits to lead Japan to a 3-1\victory over the Major League All-Stars on Wednesday.
Photos: Vodafone's 3G generation Vodafone will primarily target the under-35's, a group which it characterized as the "young, active, fun" market.
Photos: Pocket-size PCs The 1.2 pound Sony Vaio U is powered by a 1.1GHz Intel Pentium M 733 processor, 512MB of RAM, and a 20GB, 1.8-inch hard drive.
Japan gives OK to Sun desktop suite Ministry of Economy Trade and Industry will consider company's open-source desktop suite for future bids. 
Security Council The Russian president had been speaking of the need to maintain the effectiveness of the UN #39;s top council, the Indian government said.
FireFox 1.0 Roundup \\So FireFox 1.0 is released and the world rejoices (congrats guys !).  I sure\hope that Mammonsoft  has started working on IE 7.0 or they'll start to fall\behind.  Granted we have a long way to go before we catch up with Microsoft but\when you're on top you really have only one way to go (and thats down).\\Over at EWeek they're running an inteview with Mitchel Baker which is worth\checking out:\\"There's a whole set of things leading to interest in Firefox. One is the\product itself, which, once people have tried it, people love it. So it's both\innovative, it's got new features, it makes the Web a more enjoyable\experience, it makes people more comfortable, and it's fast. It's a set of\thi ...\\
Shoppers Drug Mart 3rd-Qtr Profit Rises 21 to C\$92.5 Million Shoppers Drug Mart Corp., Canada #39;s biggest pharmacy chain, said third-quarter profit rose 21 percent to C\$92.5 million (\$77.3 million).
WTO backs Antigua, rules US online gaming ban is illegal Antigua and Barbuda, the Caribbean island nation, won a World Trade Organization ruling that US legislation criminalizing online betting violates global laws.
Northrop Grumman, Boeing team up to bid on space contract LOS ANGELES Boeing and defense contractor Northrop Grumman say they #39;ll bid as a team to compete for NASA #39;s manned and robotic space exploration program.
Microsoft Widens Protection Plan Microsoft is raising the bar on intellectual property rights protection among software vendors -- particularly open source developers -- by extending its existing indemnification policy to 
VIDEO GAME REVIEWS:  quot;Halo 2 quot; a worthy sequel that mostly lives up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Even if you don #39;t play video games, chances are you #39;ve heard about  quot;Halo 2. quot;. Microsoft Corp. made sure of that with a massive PR blitz, boldly proclaiming  quot;there hasn #39;t been this much anticipation 
Saturn moon may have ice volcano Saturn #39;s largest moon Titan may have molten ice welling up to the surface from its warm interior, data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests.
Rockets 90 Grizzlies 87 Juwan Howard scored 20 points for the Rockets, who dropped the Grizzlies to 0-and-4. Yao Ming added 14 points and eleven rebounds to the win.
Nuggets in land of the lost What once looked a like a promising Denver Nuggets season rapidly is going into the deep freeze. On Tuesday night at the Pepsi Center, the Nuggets were crushed by, egads, the Seattle SuperSonics 108-88.
Vodafone Launches 3G Services in Europe (AP) AP - Cell phone giant Vodafone Group PLC, which has spent years struggling to recoup billions spent on 3G licences, finally launched the cutting-edge service Wednesday in much of Europe and introduced or beefed up its operation in a dozen other countries.
Arafat #39;s immediate successor a moderate Rauhi Fattouh, the man chosen as Yasser Arafat #39;s immediate successor as Palestinian Authority president, is a 55-year-old moderate who only became parliament speaker six months ago.
Holland: Police raid ends terror siege Dutch police stormed a house tonight to end a day long siege of terror suspects holed up inside. Three suspects were arrested. Special forces had launched an earlier, pre-dawn, raid on the house in the capital 
British Troops Wounded as Families Campaign Against War A helicopter pilot and a Black Watch soldier were wounded close to Baghdad today as Prime Minister Tony Blair came under pressure from families of serving troops and over the future of Scottish regiments.
Netanyahu to PM: I #39;ll stay in gov #39;t Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu announced his long-awaited decision to remain in the government on Tuesday in a meeting with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, but it came with a catch: Netanyahu demanded a reassessment of unilateral disengagement.
Shots heard near Dutch building where terror suspects holed up THE HAGUE, Nov 10 (AFP) - Shots were heard Wednesday near a building in The Hague where suspected terrorists are holed up and which is under siege by Dutch police, witnesses told Dutch television.
U.S. Embassy's Legal Attache Shot (AP) AP - The legal attache for the U.S. Embassy was shot as he got out of his car in what appeared to be a botched robbery attempt, an embassy spokeswoman said Wednesday.
Iraqi foreign minister stops unexpectedly in Saudi Arabia (AFP) AFP - Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari arrived unexpectedly in the holy city of Mecca Wednesday where he met Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz, the official SPA news agency reported.
Analysts Laud British Telecom's Pursuit of Infonet (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Industry analysts say there are many pluses to BT buying Infonet Services, including giving BT more resources to be a more effective global networking player.
Football. Fake grass approved  Uefa says it will allow European matches to be played on artificial pitches from the start of next season.
Dogpile Adding Topix.net News Headlines Dogpile Adding Topix.net News Headlines\\Topix.net announced a deal with InfoSpace to add Topix.net's news headlines to InfoSpace's Dogpile metasearch service, and also to help Dogpile's new IntelliFind technology determine when news content is likely to be relevant to users' Web search queries.\\Through this agreement, Topix.net alerts Dogpile to breaking news ...
News: Bofra worm sets trap for unwary A new family of worms which uses an unpatched vulnerability in Internet Explorer is spreading widely across the net.
Rugby: Vyvyan called up as England save Worsley for Boks and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : Saracens captain Hugh Vyvyan has been called up to the England replacements #39; bench for Saturday #39;s Test match against Canada at Twickenham as a result of an injury to back row forward Joe Worsley.
Mad Catz Signs Games Accessory Deal with Disney  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game accessory maker Mad Catz  Interactive Inc. will release a series of game-related products  based on Disney properties starting with "The Incredibles," Mad  Catz Chief Executive Darren Richardson said on Wednesday.
To Forecast Climate Change, Scientists Core Antarctic Ice Braving some of the world's coldest temperatures and wickedest winds, researchers are drilling ice cores in Antarctica to answer questions about global climate change.
Projects Remember Vets This November 11 Veterans Day, November 11, recognizes U.S. soldiers who have seen combat on the nation's behalf. Two groups are working to ensure that veterans are remembered for their service.
Arctic Melting Fast; May Swamp U.S. Coasts by 2099 Scientists have found that the ice in Greenland and the Arctic is melting so rapidly that most of it could be gone by the end of the century. Low-lying lands could be flooded and polar bears could go extinct, among other possibilities.
Toxic Frogs, Birds May Get Their Poison From Beetles The Colombian poison-dart frog and six South Pacific bird species use the same rare neurotoxin in their skin and feathers. Now researchers say the animals may eat beetles to obtain the poison.
Beyond "Polar Express": Fast Facts on the Real North Pole With &lt;i&gt;The Polar Express&lt;/i&gt; chugging into movie theaters and a fictional North Pole, we're finding out that sometimes truth really is stranger than fiction. &lt;b&gt;Photo Gallery&lt;/b&gt;
Birding Column: "Blind" Views of Quail and Jays Birder Mathew Tekulsky reveals the effectiveness of a concealed location for viewing birds, as he describes the behavior of quail and jays in his yard.
Stocks mixed ahead of Fed meeting Stocks were mixed Wednesday as Federal Reserve policymakers met and investors looked ahead to another hike in interest rates. In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial 
WTO confirms ruling against US in gambling dispute with Antigua The World Trade Organization confirmed that a US prohibition the cross-border gaming and gambling over the Internet was illegal under global trade rules.
Novell Buries One Hatchet with Microsoft, but Files Suit on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; November 10, 2004 - On Monday, Novell and Microsoft announced that the Redmond giant has agreed to pay \$536 million in cold, hard cash to settle an antitrust dispute regarding Novell #39;s Netware.
France to Sell About One-Third of Areva PARIS - France said Wednesday it plans to sell about one-third of Areva SA in a partial privatization of the state-owned nuclear group.
Grinstein: Delta Board OKs Stock Plan; 6,000 To Be Axed Dimmer switch on those holiday lights. The board of Delta Air Lines (nyse: DAL - news - people ) gave its OK to use an exception to the New York Stock Exchange #39;s investor approval policy.
Canadian Natural Resources snaps up Anadarko gas assets for \$698M CALGARY (CP) - Canadian Natural Resources, one of Canada #39;s largest natural gas and heavy oil producers, entered the acquisition market for a fourth time this year, buying energy properties from Houston-based Anadarko for \$698 million.
Federated Earnings Up 10 Percent in 3Q The retailing giant Federated Department Stores Inc. on Wednesday reported a 10 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, citing improvements after Florida hurricanes hurt September sales.
EPA Announces More Airliner Water Tests The US Environmental Protection Agency launched new drinking water quality inspections on airliners Tuesday after it found coliform bacteria in the drinking water of one of every eight passenger planes it tested.
Vertex Gains on Novartis Deal Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX :Nasdaq - news - research) shares rose in premarket trading Wednesday after the company announced a drug development deal with Switzerland-based Novartis (NVS :NYSE - news - research).
French Citizens Flee Ivory Coast Violence  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Hundreds of French citizens fled their  former colony Ivory Coast on Wednesday after days of  anti-French riots and looting in a country once seen as a model  for Africa of post-independence prosperity.
Beta Version Of Microsoft Search Goes Out Thursday After at least a year of talk and sneak peeks, Microsoft starts its run at Google. By Gregg Keizer, TechWeb News. Microsoft will push its homegrown search software into beta tests Thursday, its first real move 
Microsoft Patches ISA Server 2000 Flaw November 10, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Software giant Microsoft (microsoft.com) issued a patch for a flaw in Internet Security and Acceleration Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0 on Tuesday.
Siemens Unveils Cordless Phones For Skype Users VoIP provider Skype has teamed up with Siemens Communications to offer cordless phones in a move that gives Skype users the ability to drop their headsets and use Siemens phones for free Web telephoning.
New Star Wars RTS Coming? November 10, 2004 - Could it be? Another bit of videogame goodness graced by the Star Wars universe? It looks that way, as LucasArts President Jim Ward told Reuters that a new Star Wars RTS title for the PC is on the way.
Stem cell advocates to request \$1B Emboldened by the success of a stem cell ballot initiative in California last week, two scientists who have long pushed for an ambitious research center for the biotechnology 
GTA Dominates Britain November 10, 2004 - The Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association announced this morning that Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has become the United Kingdom #39;s fastest-selling videogame of all time.
Man Charged with Peddling Stolen Windows Source Code A Microsoft lawyer said the arrest was  quot;significant, quot; given the value of the source code.  quot;It is our secret recipe, our secret formula like the Coke formula, quot; associate general counsel Tom Rubin said.
Blue Gene Supercomputer Joins IBM #39;s eServer Family November 10, 2004 - Its not just the wonderful iSeries that comes out of IBM Rochester. The clever folks at the Minnesota hotbed of technical innovation are also responsible for the BlueGene/L supercomputer 
ECI Conferencing Services Renews WebEx Contract; Adds Enterprise &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WAYNE, NJ --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 10, 2004 -- ECI Conferencing Services, the largest, privately-held full-service audio and web conferencing provider, today announced it has renewed its partnership contract 
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of  its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook  or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
U.S. Links Peru Airline to Trafficking The Treasury Department added a Peruvian airline Wednesday to the U.S. government's list of entities suspected of links to drug trafficking.
Oil Rebounds \$1 as Heating Supplies Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices rebounded from seven-week  lows Wednesday, jumping \$1 as a drawdown in U.S. heating fuel  stocks rekindled worries about thin supply levels ahead of the  northern winter.
US interest rates to rise to 2 The US Federal Reserve, headed by Alan Greenspan, raises interest rates by 0.25 in a widely anticipated move.
Clemens talks retirement after 7th Cy Young win But after saying the same thing this time last year, the pitcher known as  quot;The Rocket quot; acknowledges the other one-tenth keeps the door open for a possible return.
NASCAR to give hard-liquor ads green flag NASCAR officials e-mailed a bulletin to team executives Tuesday afternoon advising them that a longstanding ban on hard-liquor advertising will be lifted for next season.
Anwar chides Thailand over deaths Ex-Malaysian deputy PM Anwar Ibrahim attacks Bangkok's handling of Muslim unrest in southern Thailand.
Cox, Showalter Honored Bobby Cox is voted NL Manager of the Year for leading the Braves to a 13th straight division title, and Buck Showalter wins the AL honor  after his Rangers became a contender.
Liquor Ads Allowed NASCAR returns to its roots by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored by distilled spirits.
Some Canadian citizens trapped in Ivory Coast to be evacuated ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast (CP) - Two planes chartered by Canada were on standby Wednesday to evacuate citizens who have been trapped, along with thousands of French and other foreigners, for days by violent attacks targeting French civilians and troops in this 
Arafats Demise  a Never-Ending Story Wednesday saw another twist in the drawn-out cliffhanger on Yasser Arafats demise which started 13 days ago. The senior Palestinian Muslim cleric Sheikh Taissir Tamimi who was dispatched to the Percy hospital 
EDITORIAL  Get the kidnappers There was relief all around after an Italian volunteer aid worker was freed unharmed yesterday in Lanao del Norte. Andrea Cianferoni was lucky to be kept in captivity for only a day, but the swiftness of his 
Union  #39;Cautiously Optimistic #39; About Landing World #39;s First Fusion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A consortium of major industrial nations has not been able to agree on where to build the world #39;s first nuclear fusion reactor, but the European Union is making it clear that one will be built in France, in any case.
US faces criticism in British government human rights report LONDON : The United States faced rare criticism over human rights from close ally Britain, with an official British government report taking Washington to task over concerns about Iraq and the Guantanamo Bay jail.
Russian hostel fire kills at least 14 A fire in a Russian workers #39; hostel killed at least 14 people and may have injured many more, the Emergencies Ministry said on Wednesday.
U.S. Pressed Halliburton in Kuwaiti Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. ambassador to Kuwait and  other senior U.S. officials put pressure on Halliburton &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  to award a contract to a Kuwaiti company suspected of  overcharging to bring fuel into Iraq, according to State  Department documents released on Wednesday.
Two Held in Dutch Anti-Terror Raid, Police Hurt  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Dutch police stormed an apartment and  arrested two people on Wednesday, ending a 14-hour stand-off  that began when suspects sought in an anti-terrorism probe  wounded three officers with a hand grenade.
Measured Fed Rate Hike Sends Stocks Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday after  the Federal Reserve reassured by indicating that further  interest-rate rises were likely to remain at a "measured" pace,  as it increased rates by a quarter point.
Russian Hostel Fire Kills at Least 19  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A fire in a Russian workers' hostel  killed at least 19 people and may have injured many more, the  Emergencies Ministry said on Wednesday.
This Winter to Be Colder Than Last Year's  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Private weather forecaster EarthSat  updated its winter weather outlook on Wednesday to slightly  milder than its forecast three weeks ago, but it is still  calling for this winter to be colder than last year's.
ITER parties fail to agree on reactor construction site MOSCOW. Nov 10 (Interfax) - Parties to the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor project (ITER) failed to agree on the site of building the first reactor at their meeting in Vienna this week.
Harvick, Kahne Fined Kevin Harvick and Kasey Kahne were put on probation through the end of NASCAR's season and fined \$10,000 each Wednesday for deliberately crashing into each other after a race at Phoenix International Raceway.
Clarett causes controversy for Ohio State again Unless you #39;ve spent the last 24 hours on Neptune, or if you read something besides the sports section, you #39;ve heard all about former Ohio State star running back Maurice Clarett #39;s recent allegations to an ESPN The Magazine reporter of loaned cars, cash 
Federal Reserve Raises Key Interest Rate The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point Wednesday, the fourth increase this year.
FLYi Says Bankruptcy Possible; Airline Shares Lose Altitude Shares of FLYi Inc., operator of fledgling low-cost carrier Independence Air, dove as much as 36 percent in Wednesday trading after the company confirmed it may file for bankruptcy if it is unable to make \$83 million aircraft lease payments in January.
Intel Doubles Dividend, Expands Buyback Chip giant Intel Corp. reported Wednesday that its board doubled the company's quarterly dividend and authorized an expansion of its ongoing stock repurchase program.
WTO Eyes U.S. Offshore Web Gambling Ban In a ruling that could open the United States to offshore Internet gambling, a World Trade Organization panel Wednesday said Washington should drop prohibitions on Americans placing bets in online casinos.
Nanotech's new definition Everyone seems to have a different definition of nanotechnology, each one deficient in its own way. Missing Links
Man accused of shooting at France's Chirac faces trial (AFP) AFP - A right-wing militant accused of shooting at French President Jacques Chirac during the Bastille Day parade in 2002 is to go on trial for attempted murder in Paris on Monday.
Linux Networx signs pact with Novell Company plans to help software companies certify products for SuSE Linux operating system.
ADV: Free Insurance Quotes and Help Free quotes on mortgages, annuities, life and auto insurance, and all your financial and insurance needs. A local MostChoice expert helps you at no cost or obligation. Quick and easy form.
Microsoft skips Itanium with new Windows In yet another blow to Intel's Itanium ambitions, Microsoft says its big-server version of Windows won't run on the new chip.
La. Reports First Case of Soybean Rust BATON ROUGE, La. Nov 10, 2004 - The first US cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday.
Update 1: Sarkozy Partially Privatizes Areva Nicolas Sarkozy lifted the veil Wednesday on what is likely to be his last major sell-off as France #39;s finance minister - the partial privatization of the state-owned nuclear group Areva SA.
UPDATE 3-Delhaize Q3 net profit jumps 33 pct, ups outlook Belgian-based supermarket group Delhaize (DELBt.BR: Quote, Profile, Research) raised its outlook for the year after beating expectations with a 33-percent third 
Firefox launch roundup USA Today:  quot;Firefox proponents acknowledge it will have to do a lot more than swipe a few percentage points of market share to pose a significant threat to Explorer.
Robinson  #39;blessed #39; by captaincy Jason Robinson has said that he turned to his faith after he was asked to be England captain by coach Andy Robinson. Robinson, who is a devout Christian, will lead England against Canada at Twickenham on Saturday.
Israeli forces kill two Palestinians in Gaza gunfight JERUSALEM - Israeli forces shot dead two Palestinian gunmen Wednesday during a firefight in the northern Gaza Strip, Israeli military sources said.
About-face for Heels Rashad McCants wasn #39;t thinking about last year at Kentucky. Jawad Williams said last year was last year. And Sean May was thinking more about his last game than North Carolina #39;s Jan. 3 defeat at Rupp Arena.
New wireless reseller to aim at 'urban ethnic' market Launching in 2005, Uphonia is the latest of the "just add water" virtual cell phone networks.\
Fed Raises Rates Again, to 2, and Sees No Reason to Stop The Fed repeated its assertion of the past several months that it would raise short-term rates at a "measured pace."
=== Castillo split-decisions Casamayor === Las Vegas, NV (Sports Network) - Jose Luis Castillo successfully defended his World Boxing Council lightweight championship with a split decision over Joel Casamayor at Mandalay Bay Casino in Las Vegas.
Google laces Gmail with POP3 support Google Inc. will roll out POP3 (Post Office Protocol) support gradually over the coming weeks to Gmail users, who will be able to use the feature to download e-mail messages from Gmail servers to e-mail applications on devices such as PCs and wireless devices.
IBM readying tools for SMB IBM on Wednesday announced the pre-release of several tools for SMBs (small and midsize businesses) designed to speed development of solutions built on IBM middleware.
BCS Maintains Its Imperfect World Shakedown Saturday came and went. Nothing changed. So the Bowl Championship Series has its annual nightmare. When the final BCS standings are released today, the USC Trojans (12-0) and Oklahoma Sooners (12-0) are expected to be matched in the Jan.
Photos: Gateway's wind-tunnel designs Gateway's new motherboard design helps machines run cooler and more quietly than other Gateway desktops.
CSC lands \$52 million biometrics deal Contract with Department of Defense is part of homeland security boom.
American giant: Schlopy snares sixth BEAVER CREEK - Ski racing requires a rare blend of fearlessness, stellar reactions and bionic will - the latter being vital to longevity.
Ford May Again Help Parts Maker Visteon  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. may again help its  former unit Visteon Corp., but the struggling parts maker has  some hard decisions to make first, Ford Chairman and Chief  Executive Bill Ford Jr. said Wednesday.
EU-Iranian nuclear talks hit snag - diplomats EU-Iranian talks to get Iran to suspend uranium enrichment in order to avoid possible UN sanctions have hit a snag, even as deadlines are beginning to fall towards resolving the crisis, diplomats told AFP Wednesday.
Cat Stevens gets peace prize ROME - Cat Stevens, the singer known for hits like Peace Train, has been honoured with a peace prize from former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.
Burundi President Fires VP for Blocking Peace Process Burundi #39;s President Domitien Ndayizeye has fired his vice president, Alphonse Kadege, for allegedly undermining a peace process aimed at ending the nation #39;s civil war.
Philip Morris Challenges  \$10.1 Billion Consumer Fraud Ruling Philip Morris USA challenged a \$10.1 billion consumer fraud ruling Wednesday, telling the Illinois Supreme Court that its "light" cigarettes performed as advertised.
Delta gets share incentive boost Delta Air Lines is to issue millions of new shares without shareholder consent as part of moves to ensure its survival.
PeopleSoft board rejects Oracle bid PeopleSoft's board turns down Oracle's "best and final" offer. But the database software giant is still on the prowl.
Mandrakesoft on the fiscal mend Nearly two years after filing for bankruptcy protection, the Linux vendor is making a profit.
Stocks mixed as Fed raises rates; Cisco pressures tech shares Lower-than-expected sales at Cisco Systems Inc. sent tech stocks tumbling Wednesday while the overall market was little changed after the Federal Reserve announced a widely expected interest rate hike.
Oil Rebounds \$1 as Heating Supplies Fall Oil prices rebounded from seven-week lows Wednesday, jumping \$1 as a drawdown in US heating fuel stocks rekindled worries about thin supply levels ahead of the northern winter.
Barrett: Intel Doubles Dividend, Will Buy Back 500M Shares Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) on Wednesday said that it doubled its quarterly dividend, to 8 cents from 4 cents. Led by Chief Executive Craig Barrett, the firm said it expects to pay out about \$2 billion in dividends next year.
Is Inept Competition Reason To Punish Microsoft? No doubt you saw that Microsoft is coughing up \$536 million to pay off an antitrust claim brought by Novell on behalf of its NetWare operating system.
Delta to cut up to 6,900 jobs CHICAGO - Delta Air Lines (DAL) said Wednesday it plans to eliminate between 6,000 and 6,900 jobs during the next 18 months, implement a 10 across-the-board pay reduction and reduce employee benefits.
Pfizer defends Bextra after new report on risks NEW YORK (AFP) - Pfizer dismissed a report on the safety of its pain reliever Bextra, but the new controversy weighed on the stock price of the US pharmaceutical giant.
MGM Mirage #39;s Next Big Thing This morning, MGM Mirage (NYSE: MGG) announced its latest plan for the Las Vegas Strip: a multibillion-dollar  quot;urban metropolis quot; spanning 66 acres between Bellagio and the Monte Carlo on the Strip.
Fletcher Building Considering Bid for Parts of Amatek Group Fletcher Building Ltd., New Zealand #39;s largest building products maker, said it is considering buying parts of Australian construction group Amatek Holdings Ltd.
Stewart: Martha Seeks \$3.7M In Legal Fees From Namesake Firm I know why the caged mogul sings. Celebrity jailbird Martha Stewart has asked the eponymous firm she founded to reimburse her for \$3.
Kinder Morgan to Close Pipeline for While Pipeline operator Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP reported Wednesday that a fatal accident involving one of its pipelines in San Jose, Calif.
Microsoft Joins Search Party Never shy about arriving late, Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) is expected to launch a new version of its search service Thursday as the software titan seeks a stronger spot in that lucrative corner of Internet advertising.
Review: Firefox impresses as IE alternative Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape #39;s pioneering browser.
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook Web search leader Google Inc. said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
Fix Released for ISA Server Microsoft posted a patch on Tuesday afternoon for Internet Security  amp; Acceleration Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0. The patch fixed a spoofing vulnerability that Microsoft rated an  quot;important quot; problem.
Vodafone Targets iPod Vodafone is aiming for the iPod generation with its third-generation cell phones, putting music and video downloading at the heart of its sales push.
EPA Suspends Study on Kids And Pesticides The Environmental Protection Agency has suspended a controversial study aimed at exploring how infants and toddlers absorb pesticides and other household chemicals, officials said yesterday.
Top toys list released by testing council OTTAWA - The best new toys on Canadian store shelves as the shopping season approaches include a dancing robo t and an electronic guessing game, according to a new report.
Microsoft skips Itanium with new Windows Microsoft will come out with a special version of Windows next year for clusters, but it won #39;t run on Intel #39;s most powerful server chip, at least for now.
Russian Mobile Phone Users Say Hello to Trojan This summer mobile phone operators in Europe were warned that within a year the heavy reliance on Java-powered cell phones and handhelds would make the devices a likely target for attackers.
FBI Charges Hacker With Selling Stolen Windows Source Code A Connecticut man was arrested Tuesday by the FBI and charged with selling stolen source code of Windows NT and Windows 2000. William P. Genovese, 27, of Meriden, Conn.
French court won #39;t force Apple to open up iTunes The French Competition Council has dismissed a case brought by Virgin #39;s French arm against Apple Computer for alleged abuse of market dominance.
Gateway aims to reduce hot air The Irvine, Calif., PC maker on Thursday will revamp its E-Series line of desktop PCs for businesses with three new models, including a 6300 that sports a new motherboard design, dubbed Balanced Technology Extended (BTX), that helps machines run cooler 
Two agencies may clash over rare bird Two US Interior Department agencies may clash over separate and apparently incompatible efforts to help the northern sage grouse. The Fish and Wildlife Service is trying to 
Farewell, Crazy Horse EMLYN Hughes. Arguably the greatest player ever to wear a Liverpool shirt, died yesterday from a brain tumour. He had been battling the illness for the last 15 months.
Sprinter Young banned for life Sprinter Jerome Young was banned for life by the US Anti-Doping Agency on Wednesday following the former 400-metre world champion #39;s second positive test for an illegal steroid.
Cox, Showalter honored as top managers New York, NY (Sports Network) - Bobby Cox, who has guided the Atlanta Braves to a record 13 straight division titles, has been named the 2004 National League Manager of the Year.
That #39;s the Spirits - NASCAR Allows  #39;Spirits #39; Sponsors NASCAR announced Wednesday morning that it will now allow sponsorship from distilled spirits for teams in the sport.  quot;We felt the time was right to allow distilled spirits companies into NASCAR, quot; said Mike Helton, president of NASCAR.
Cornhuskers must stop Peterson As we head down the stretch of the season, the significance of each game will be amplified. While it is difficult to envision any team looking past an opponent at this juncture of the season 
Ricky Ray to be Jets third QB HEMPSTEAD, NY (AP-CP) - Quarterback Ricky Ray, who guided the Edmonton Eskimos to a Grey Cup title last year, has been signed to the New York Jets active roster.
Murali on course to bowl doosra again London: Sri Lanka spinner Muttiah Muralidharan will be able to bowl his controversial doosra if a recommendation from an ICC expert panel is ratified and accepted.
Lyx - WYSIWYM Document Processing   WYSIWYG is dead; long live WYSIWYM - What You See Is What You Mean!    Well, perhaps that's an exaggeration.  WYSIWYG seemed like a great idea last century ;-).  With all the latest display and print technology, one could craft a document on screen and see it how it would be printed.  The WYSIWYG paradigm has become so entrenched in UI design it's almost taken for granted by users and developers.  
Valley erupts in rape rage Srinagar, Nov. 10: Srinagar erupted in widespread public anger on the fourth day of protests against an alleged double rape by an army major even as a separatist leader was detained.
Navy thwarts infiltrator #39;s landing Israeli soldiers shot and killed a man swimming towards the northern Gaza Strip settlement area and arms were found in the area, the army reported.
Car Bomb Targeting Iraqi Police Kills 10 A car bomb targeting police exploded on a crowded Baghdad street Wednesday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 15 others, police said.
Cox, Showalter Voted Managers of Year (AP) AP - Bobby Cox was voted NL Manager of the Year on Wednesday for leading the rebuilt Atlanta Braves to a record 13th straight division title, and Buck Showalter won the AL honor after his Texas Rangers went from also-ran to contender.
Photos: Gateway's wind-tunnel design Gateway's new motherboard design helps machines run cooler and more quietly than other Gateway desktops.
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of  its free Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft  Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
Hairballs Haunt Cisco Rising sales and net income isn't always what it seems, especially when there's a big, fat inventory hairball in the way.
Opening the Lions' Floodgates Independent film producer and distributor Lions Gate has a roaring second quarter.
1  1 = Value at Blackboard Blackboard is turning in good growth and rising margins with two hot education software products.
Federated Leads Retail Upswing The department store chain is gaining momentum going into the holiday season.
New Dolphins Coach Inherits Troubled Team (AP) AP - The last time Jim Bates was head coach of a football team, it was with the San Antonio Gunslingers of the USFL. In 1985. The Miami Dolphins' new interim coach expects some things have changed.
Starbucks Profit Climbs, Extra Week Helps (Reuters) Reuters - Starbucks Corp. , the\world's largest coffee shop chain,  on Wednesday said quarterly\net profit rose 47 percent, helped by its aggressive store\expansion and an extra week in the period.
It's Official: No Moss Again for Vikings (AP) AP - As expected, the Minnesota Vikings will play another game this week without All-Pro wide receiver Randy Moss.
Intel Doubles Dividend, Expands Buyback (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp. , the world's\largest maker of computer chips, said on Wednesday it would\double its quarterly dividend to 8 cents a share, the second\time this year it has doubled its cash payout.
N.C. State Eyes Florida State Wins (AP) AP - North Carolina State has the most turnovers in the Atlantic Coast Conference. Florida State is among the conference leaders in takeaways.
Computer Sciences lands \$52 million biometrics deal Contract with Department of Defense is part of homeland security boom.
Serena Williams Keen on Fashion Career (AP) AP - Serena Williams still loves playing tennis, although her passion for fashion is undeniable.
Deal Said Struck Over Afghan Hostages (AP) AP - Taliban-linked militants holding three U.N. hostages claimed Wednesday the Afghan government has agreed to free some of their jailed comrades to prevent the killing of the foreign captives.
Fed Lifts Rates for Fourth Time This Year  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve on Wednesday  nudged U.S. interest rates up a quarter percentage point for  the fourth time this year, citing healthier job markets and  indicating it will press on with a rate-rise campaign.
Antigua beats odds: WTO confirms ruling against US on web gambling (AFP) AFP - Antigua and Barbuda beat long odds as the World Trade Organization confirmed a ruling that a ban in the United States on Internet gambling violates global trading rules.
Starbucks Profit Climbs, Extra Week Helps  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Starbucks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBUX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBUX.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest coffee shop chain,  on Wednesday said quarterly  net profit rose 47 percent, helped by its aggressive store  expansion and an extra week in the period.
iPod Socks coming in Dec. (MacCentral) MacCentral - Some may have thought Apple's iPod Socks, first show at Apple's special event in San Jose, Calif. in October, were an elaborate joke. If so, the joke's on them, because iPod Socks are now available for pre-order from the Apple Store for US #36;29. Apple plans to ship the iPod holders in early December. iPod Socks ship six to a box, and come in hues including green, purple, grey, blue, orange and pink. The knit holders fit all iPod models, according to Apple.
Intel Doubles Dividend, Expands Buyback  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest maker of computer chips, said on Wednesday it would  double its quarterly dividend to 8 cents a share, the second  time this year it has doubled its cash payout.
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Web search leader Google Inc.\said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of\its free Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft\Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
Young Given Lifetime Ban for Second Offense  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colorado (Reuters) - World 400 meters  champion Jerome Young has been given a lifetime ban from  athletics for a second doping offense, the U.S. Anti-Doping  Agency (USADA) said Wednesday.
New open-source browser from Mozilla aims to challenge Microsoft (AFP) AFP - A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft's dominant Internet Explorer.
Oracle: PeopleSoft Board to Reject Bid  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Software maker Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it will let PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;  shareholders decide for themselves whether to accept Oracle's  \$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid after learning that  PeopleSoft's board of directors will reject it.
Dole May Lead GOP Senate Campaign Panel (AP) AP - Sen. Elizabeth Dole has secured more than half of the votes she needs to become the first woman to lead the GOP campaign committee that works to help elect Republicans to the Senate.
Eagles' Rayburn, Akers Nursing Injuries  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles  defensive tackle Sam Rayburn is listed as questionable for  Monday's game against the Dallas Cowboys at Texas Stadium,  while kicker David Akers is probable. Neither player practiced  on Wednesday.
Oracle ready to walk away from PeopleSoft, sees offer rejected (AFP) AFP - Oracle Corp. said it was prepared to walk away from its bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft, saying it had learned that its  quot;final quot; offer was on the verge of being rejected.
Stocks Close Flat After the Fed Rate Hike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished little changed on  Wednesday after comments from the U.S. Federal Reserve left  investors expecting a rate increase in December, while  technology stocks slid following disappointing earnings from  bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Treasuries Fall on Prospect of More Hikes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices fell on Wednesday  after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates and suggested  in its post-meeting statement that further tightening was  likely.
Court Considers When Cops Can Use Canines (AP) AP - Driving 6 mph over the speed limit got Roy Caballes pulled over. But what happened next landed him at the Supreme Court, which considered Wednesday when police can use drug-sniffing dogs.
Whole Foods Quarterly Profit Rises 27 Pct  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Grocery retail chain Whole Foods  Market Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WFMI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WFMI.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a 27 percent rise in  quarterly profit as demand for organic and natural food  outstripped rising expenses.
Defense Lawyers Say Rapport with Milosevic Ruined (Reuters) Reuters - The lawyers appointed to defend\Slobodan Milosevic in his war crimes trial said on Tuesday\their relationship with the defendant had been irreparably\damaged and renewed their plea to be allowed to withdraw from\the case.
Medical supply firm to sell patient RFID chips Henry Schein will distribute Applied Digital's implantable VeriChips to doctors' offices across the country.
Standards for Anthrax Tests Developed (AP) AP - Scientists working for the government have developed standards to measure the accuracy of anthrax detection tests, hoping to steer first responders away from tests that have delivered too many false readings.
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Report  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos  received a chilling report on Wednesday from a government  commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to  chronicle for the first time the systematic use of torture  during Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatorship.
i2 looks to technology rollout for a rebound i2 Technologies is hoping to continue its rebound by rolling out new technology aimed at retailers and manufacturers and forming partnerships that will help make its applications easier to integrate.
Brief: PeopleSoft revises Q3 earnings up PeopleSoft has increased its earnings results for the third quarter after recalculating the income tax benefit related to the severance package for its former CEO, Craig Conway.
Pakistani PM to meet with Blair Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was preparing Saturday to meet in London with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, the BBC reported.
Panel: Government backing for supercomputers can benefit business Corporate America needs to find ways to leverage government investments in powerful supercomputers to make sure the technology finds its way into the private sector, according to a panel at this week's SC2004 Supercomputing Conference.
Mozilla mulls desktop search integration for Firefox The Mozilla Foundation is busy planning enhancements to its new open-source Firefox Web browser, including the possibility of integrating it with a variety of desktop search tools.
Microsoft to indemnify most customers from legal threats Microsoft yesterday said it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers in a move to set itself apart from open-source rivals.
Cisco Q1 revenue up slightly Cisco yesterday reported net revenue of \$6 billion for its first quarter, a slight uptick compared with the previous quarter but 17.1 more than in the year-ago quarter.
Eudora adds ScamWatch URL protection The update for the e-mail program focuses mainly on security enhancements and adds a feature dubbed ScamWatch, which aims to combat "phishing" on the Internet.
PeopleSoft board rejects Oracle bid PeopleSoft board members on Wednesday rejected Oracle #39;s  quot;best and final quot; offer in the often contentious 17-month hostile takeover battle--but the database software giant remains on the hunt.
South Korean airliner avoided mid-air collision by 12 seconds &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES : A South Korean Boeing 747 carrying hundreds of passengers came within 12 second of hitting another jet at Los Angeles airport after a ground traffic control mix-up, a report showed.
The iMac G5: A PC user migrates to a Mac Computerworld columnist Yuval Kossovsky touts the new iMac G5 to his wife and she makes the switch from her PC -- with the help of a few migration tools.
Robinson  quot;blessed quot; to lead England Jason Robinson, who will lead world champions England for the first time against Canada on Saturday, says he feels blessed to have been appointed captain.
ESPN: Fiesta Bowl turning point for freshman Clarett In the week leading up to the 2003 Fiesta Bowl, Maurice Clarett was denied the chance to attend a friends funeral in Youngstown.
Dollar dodging at the Fed Sure the currency is tumbling, but don #39;t expect the FOMC to do much out of the ordinary today. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - It #39;s pretty clear that another interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve today will not be much of a headline maker.
Oil: Price surges 3 per cent as US heating stocks fall NEW YORK - Oil prices recovered from seven-week lows on Wednesday, surging more than 3 per cent as a drawdown in US heating fuel stocks rekindled worries about thin supplies ahead of the northern winter.
Firefox renews browser war A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer.
Cox, La Russa up for NL manager of year NEW YORK - Atlantas Bobby Cox and St. Louis Tony La Russa, among the top nine winningest skippers of all-time, are the leading contenders for the National League Manager of the Year honors, which will be announced Wednesday.
Stottlemyre, Mattingly back in Bronx; Girardi bench coach Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Contrary to previous reports, Mel Stottlemyre will return to the New York Yankees as their pitching coach for the 2005 season.
Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative\\Security flaws have long plagued Internet Explorer (IE), the market-dominating web browser from Microsoft. IE won the early browser wars, not only because it was free and bundled with Windows, but because it had some features and capabilities that its only real ...
Interest Rates Expected To Rise The Federal Reserve is likely to announce a quarter-point rise in the federal funds target rate from 1.75 percent to 2.0 percent, economists and traders agree.
Skype, Siemens To Hook Up Cordless VoIP The Siemens USB adaptor is loaded with Skype software that enables users of Siemens phones to access Skype #39;s free Internet calling service as well as other features, such as buddy lists and conference calling.
Hoping for a new kind of Mukata Muhammad Bardawi, 77, has witnessed Ramallah #39;s Mukata compound in all its incarnations: as a British Mandate police station, a Jordanian army post, an Israeli civil administration camp, the seat of the Palestinian Authority government, and now a shrine to 
Davis Getting Frustrated With Knee Injury (AP) AP - Carolina running back Stephen Davis said Wednesday he expects to play again this season. He didn't sound very convincing.
Injured Tracy McGrady Likely to Miss Game (AP) AP - Tracy McGrady missed most of the Houston Rockets' practice Wednesday because of nagging hip and groin injuries, though the two-time NBA scoring champ could still play Thursday against Minnesota.
Sri Lanka Tigers take flack over enlisting child soldiers (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka's truce with Tiger rebels has brought fear instead of the expected peace dividend because of the continued forced recruitment of thousands of child soldiers, a rights group said.
PeopleSoft Rejects Oracle Bid  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said its board had again unanimously rejected Oracle  Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; \$8.8 billion hostile tender offer, and Oracle  immediately appealed to PeopleSoft's shareholders, saying it  would leave the decision up to them.
Stocks End Flat After Rates Go Up US stocks finished flat on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for a fourth time this year and indicated it would keep its moderate campaign of tightening 
Delta Says 185 Workers Take Pay Cut Delta Air Lines (DAL:NYSE - news - research) said Wednesday its 185 flight superintendents have approved a new contract including 10 wage cuts.
EU To Persist in Case Against Microsoft The European Commission says it will go forward with its antitrust case against Microsoft, despite the software giant #39;s recent settlements, which led to Novell and the Computer and Communications 
US should drop ban on offshore Internet gambling, world trade &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A World Trade Organization panel on Wednesday ruled that the United States should drop its ban on Americans wagering with offshore Internet casinos.
Steak N Shake Doubles 4th-Qtr. Earnings Casual dining chain Steak n Shake Co. reported Wednesday that fourth-quarter earnings doubled while same-store sales of company-owned restaurants increased for the period.
USDA Confirms Coybean Rust in United States The US Department of Agriculture #39;s Animal and Plant Inspection Service on Wednesday confirmed the presence of soybean rust on a soybean leaf samples taken from two plots associated with a Louisiana State University research farm Nov. 6.
Microsofts search-and-destroy mission Look out, Google: the Redmond giant will make its long-awaited big splash into the search engine market tomorrow. The moment of truth has arrived.
Siemens and Skype Combine to Offer Internet Telephony Skype #39;s free Internet telephony software works with Siemens phones via the Gigaset M34 USB adapter, an open interface adapter that is plugged into the USB connection point of a users #39; PC.
Trojan spams Russian mobile phones NOVEMBER 10, 2004 (TECHWORLD.COM) - LONDON - A new Trojan horse is circulating that hijacks PCs and uses them to send SMS-based spam to mobile phones.
Pick a Number, It #39;s Sequel Season THE sequel is king, and games with titles like The Sims 2, Burnout 3 and Myst IV receive far more attention than those increasingly rare games with no pedigree.
Pesticide study using children as test subjects postponed WASHINGTON Ethical concerns have prompted the government to postpone a study of how children #39;s bodies absorb pesticides and other chemicals.
Hacker Arrested for Selling Microsoft Code Federal prosecutors are charging a Connecticut man with illegally selling source code for the Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 operating systems.
Rangers beat Celtic for first time in seven matches Rangers rallied to beat crosstown rival Celtic for the first time in seven matches Wednesday, with Shota Arveladze scoring in extra time for a 2-1 win in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
Liverpool, Man United reach League Cup quarter-finals Big guns Liverpool and Manchester United reached the League Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday with 2-0 wins over holders Middlesbrough and an under-strength Crystal Palace 
Dolphins Terminate Edwards #39; Contract DAVIE, Fla. Nov 10, 2004 - The Miami Dolphins terminated the contract of starting free safety Antuan Edwards on Wednesday, citing his subpar play and the emergence of his backups as reasons for the surprising move.
NASCAR lifts ban on liquor sponsorship NASCAR lifted a decades-old ban on liquor ads on cars Wednesday, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits.
UEFA approves use of artificial turf The governing body of European soccer has approved artificial turf for its competitions at the club and national team level beginning next season, UEFA #39;s chief executive said Wednesday.
Lyon suffer first defeat of season PARIS, France -- Lille handed Lyon their first defeat of the season on Wednesday, beating the champions 3-2 after extra time in a League Cup first round match.
MLS to start reserve league in new Adidas deal Major League Soccer plans to start a reserve league for developmental players, part of its 10-year sponsorship deal with Adidas that is the latest battleground between the Germany-based sportswear manufacturer and its US rival Nike Inc.
Young Banned for Life for Second Offence  SALVO, North Carolina (Reuters) - Controversial U.S.  sprinter Jerome Young has been banned for life after failing a  second doping test, the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) said on  Wednesday.
Japan on alert after intrusion by suspected Chinese nuclear sub TENSION between Japan and China grew yesterday when an unidentified nuclear submarine sailed into Japanese waters. The submarine, which had been tracked since Monday and whose nationality remains unknown, was 
Black Watch pilot shot by rebels AN ARMY pilot attached to The Black Watch battle group was critically injured last night after being shot while at the controls of his helicopter.
Stocks End Flat After Rates Go Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished flat on Wednesday  after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for a fourth  time this year and indicated it would keep its moderate  campaign of tightening credit instead of shifting to a more  aggressive gear.
Financing Plan Backed Mayor Anthony A. Williams backs the idea of considering private investors to reduce the city's cost of building a ballpark for the Expos.
Spanish PM Having Trouble Congratulating Bush  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - World leaders have been flooding  President Bush with congratulatory calls since his reelection  victory, but at least one -- Spain's Jose Luis Rodriguez  Zapatero -- appears to be having trouble getting through.
Rodman Heads to Minors Ex-NBA forward Dennis Rodman attempts a comeback with the Orange County Crush of the American Basketball Association on Wednesday.
Cyber Crime Tools Could Serve Terrorists -FBI  MIAMI (Reuters) - The hacking and identity theft tools now  earning big money for mainly eastern European organized crime  could be used by terrorists to attack the United States, an FBI  official said on Wednesday.
Ecuador impeachment drive dropped Ecuador's opposition parties fail in efforts to begin impeachment proceedings against President Lucio Gutierrez.
The phone-y music business Vodaphone, the biggest cell phone company in the world, has launched a music download service for mobile phones. Broadband Blog
Chart: Cable-DSL growth over past 12 months Price cuts and bundles have helped drive steady broadband growth.
'Halo 2' clears record \$125 million in first day Lofty figure backs up predictions that game would eclipse even the biggest Hollywood openings.
E-mail authentication: Cost, standards remain problems WASHINGTON - E-mail authentication can help fight the growing spam e-mail problem, but vendors need to come up with a single, open standard to avoid confusion and crippling costs for small ISPs (Internet service providers), participants in a U.S. government summit said Wednesday.
PeopleSoft Rejects Oracle Bid PeopleSoft (PSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) Wednesday publicly rejected Oracle #39;s (ORCL:Nasdaq - news - research) \$24-a-share takeover offer, saying the \$8.
Apple details plans to Spotlight desktop search Recently posted document throws a little light on a key feature of the next edition of Mac OS X.
Towerstream beams into Los Angeles Broadband-for-business provider goes Hollywood, with the City by the Bay next in line.
Samsung raises flash memory bar Company says it will come out with 1-gigabit chip for mobile devices next year.
PeopleSoft Rejects Oracle Bid PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its board had again unanimously rejected Oracle Corp. #39;s (ORCL.
US blue chips gain on rate rise US blue-chip stocks rallied to the day #39;s high, after initially trimming earlier gains, overnight as the Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a quarter percentage point.
Stocks Flat, Investors See Dec. Rate Hike US stocks ended flat on Wednesday, as tech stocks came under pressure from disappointing earnings from technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc.
Ford CEO asks for government help on health costs Bill Ford, Ford Motor Co. #39;s chairman and chief executive officer, called Wednesday for federal help with health-care costs and the development of hydrogen-powered vehicles.
Paris plans partial sale of Areva in early 2005 PARIS The French government forged ahead on Wednesday with a plan to sell a one-third stake in the nuclear power group Areva on the Paris stock exchange early next year, a transaction that could raise more than 3.
Vodafone unveils advanced service LONDON Vodafone, the world #39;s biggest mobile phone operator, introduced long-delayed services like video calling across much of Europe on Wednesday, showing its cards four years after it got caught up in a \$100 billion-plus bidding frenzy that gripped the 
Intel Doubles Cash Dividend and Authorizes Repurchase of 500 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTA CLARA, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 10, 2004 -- Intel Corporation today announced that its board of directors has approved a doubling of the quarterly cash dividend to 8 cents per share beginning 
Microsoft Extends Legal Protection To All Customers The company will shield all customers from legal costs and damages involving patent, copyright, trademark, or trade-secret disputes.
Sequel to Video Game  #39;Halo #39; Debuts Description: Game reviewer Robert Holt explains the new Xbox game Halo 2, released Tuesday. It #39;s expected to bring in an estimated \$80 million; the original Halo lured many gamers into buying Microsoft #39;s Xbox in the first place.
Trojan horse targets mobile phones A new Trojan horse that sends unauthorized spam to mobile phones via sms has been detected by anti-virus authority Sophos, marking a new trend in the convergence of viruses and mass-mail attacks.
Microsoft Nixes Intel #39;s Itanium An upcoming Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) software product for clustered servers won #39;t run on Intel #39;s (INTC:Nasdaq - news - research) high-end Itanium 2 chip, according to a report first published on News.
Charles Arthur On Technology Three years ago, the first people to order an Apple iPod - announced as a  quot;breakthrough digital device quot; on 23 October 2001 - started receiving boxes in the post.
Ht Rangers 0 Celtic 0 Prso, whose forehead was swathed in a white bandage, was ready to come on to replace Thompson in the 27th minute after the striker had gritted his teeth to head a cross over.
Italy: Juventus win, AC Milan held by Brescia ROME, Nov 10 (SW) - Juventus increased the gap with Milan to six points, beating Fiorentina while the Rossoneri were held to a scoreless draw by Brescia.
Carling Cup: United and Liverpool through as Newcastle are out United who fielded effectively a reserve side, overcame Crystal Palace with first half goals from Louis Saha and Kieran Richardson.
FANS WANT MORE PLASTIC - LEISHMAN He has urged UEFA to give the go-ahead for major competition matches to be played on artificial surfaces. The European governing body #39;s executive committee convenes for its latest gathering in Vienna on Wednesday.
MLS finalizes landmark deal with Adidas New York, NY (Sports Network) - Major League Soccer, Soccer United Marketing and Adidas agreed to a 10-year partnership that makes Adidas the official sponsor and licensed product supplier for the United States #39; top soccer league.
Dolphins release safety Edwards The Dolphins have released free safety Antuan Edwards, who has started eight of nine games this season. Agent Brian Levy said Wednesday the Dolphins told him the franchise wanted to take a look at younger players at the position.
Soccer: Bayern beat Stuttgart 3-0 to reach last eight of German &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BERLIN : Bayern Munich manager Felix Magath showed no sentiment towards his former club VfB Stuttgart with his new side triumphing 3-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the German Cup.
Sudanese government and rebels to sign security protocol ABUJA (AFP) - Sudanese government and rebel leaders from the war-torn region of Darfur agreed to sign two accords on the humanitarian and security crises in the western area, delegates said.
Iran official warns of nuclear pact pullout if pressurised TEHERAN - Iran will pull out of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) and develop its atomic programme in secret if Western countries threaten or put pressure on Tehran, a senior Iran diplomat was quoted as saying on Wednesday.
Burundi: President Ndayizeye Sacks His Deputy Burundian President Domitien Ndayizeye dismissed Vice-President Alphonse Marie Kadege on Wednesday for failing in his main mission of assisting the head of state.
Israeli troops kill two Hamas gunmen GAZA: Israeli forces shot dead two Palestinian gunmen belonging to Hamas on Wednesday, Israeli and Palestinian sources said. An Israeli military spokeswoman said that the two gunmen had fired homemade rockets 
Arabic TV shows tape of captured Iraqi guardsmen BAGHDAD, Iraq Al-Jazeera has aired a videotape from a militant group that claims it #39;s captured 20 Iraqi soldiers in Fallujah. The tape shows the men in Iraqi National Guard uniforms, with their backs to the camera.
Wanted by the Police: A Good Interface How the flawed interface design of a police dispatch system became a municipal issue in San Jose.
Pick a Number, It's Sequel Season Halo 2 and Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, two hit video game sequels, have had tremendous advance sales. What's all the fuss about?
Keeping Better Track From Factory to Checkout Using radio scanners to wirelessly identify consumer products is simple in concept but dauntingly complex in reality.
Does Grandma Need a Hug? A Robotic Pillow Can Help A new robot is intended to serve the elderly by dispensing affection in the form of long-distance hugs.
A Sailor Man, 75, Gets a Digital Nip and Tuck This week, Popeye made his debut as a computer-generated 3-D character in a 44-minute movie called "Popeye's Voyage: The Quest for Pappy," available on DVD.
Nikkei Opens Firmer on Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose 0.24 percent at  the open on Thursday as a recovery in the dollar helped  exporters, though trade was slow as investors awaited key  domestic economic data and earnings reports from companies such  as Rohm Co.
Carling Cup Wednesday Wrap: Big Guns Progress Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea all made it through to the quarter finals of the Carling Cup on Wednesday night. First-half goals from Louis Saha and Kieron Richardson saw Manchester United to a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace at Old Trafford.
Israel offers burial place for Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat can be buried at his battered headquarters here as the Palestinians requested, the Israeli government decided Wednesday in a gesture to his likely successor, Mahmoud Abbas.
Inflation remains well contained: US Fed US Federal Reserve said Wednesday that rate hikes can continue at a  quot;measured pace quot; as  quot;inflation and longer-term inflation expectations remain well contained quot;.
PeopleSoft board rejects Oracle #39;s best and last offer Defining the word unsurprising, PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors unanimously rejected Oracle #39;s  quot;best and final quot; \$24 per share offer for the company.
Oil fades to \$47, awaits US stock data LONDON: Oil prices fell to seven-week lows below \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another increase in US oil and natural gas inventories.
Vodafone enters 3G battle against Hutchison Vodafone finally launched its long awaited third-generation (3G) mobile phone services yesterday, prompting rival 3 to immediately dismiss them as a threat.
Stewart Seeks Reimbursement From Own Co. Imprisoned homemaking mogul Martha Stewart has asked the company she founded, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., to reimburse her for \$3.
Intel Doubles Cash Dividend Intel Corp. has taken some lumps this year due to weakening market conditions and several strategic errors, but the semiconductor supplier remains loyal to its shareholders.
Cyberonics Post 2nd-Quarter Loss of \$2M Cyberonics Inc., a maker of medical devices to treat neurological disorders, said Wednesday that it swung to a loss in the fiscal second quarter as it struggled to regroup following regulators #39; rejection of a depression treatment.
Proprietary MSN Search Beta launches tomorrow Tomorrow, Microsoft finally releases the beta version of its proprietary search engine. For over a year, webmasters and SEOs have seen evidence of MSNbot spidering their sites as MSN-Search gathered information and compiled its database.
Report: Tobacco Industry Hid Smoking Dangers NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - The tobacco industry for many years claimed that it was unaware of biological evidence that smoking is harmful to health, but that was untrue according to a medical journal report.
Skype Launches Free Wireless VoIP  quot;Skype is expanding the range of complementary platforms to provide consumers with choice and flexibility alongside the quality gains and cost-savings of modern calling, quot; says Skype CEO Niklas Zennstrm.
Google to support POP connection Looks like Gmail is about to officially offer POP access, according to this message in their support database. This function has already been enabled by lots of third party tools, but has been expected from Google themselves for quite a while.
There seems no end to Arsenal #39;s reserves of vivid youthful talent Two Premiership managers have now felt the full force. Kevin Keegan was left totally embarrassed and David Moyes, judging by the shouts coming from the away team dressing room on Tuesday night, was just plain livid.
Injured Sainz forced out of swansong The Rally Australia should have been the grand finale of Carlos Sainz #39;s career, a respectful send-off to one of the sport #39;s greatest drivers.
Plastic pitches ready to bounce back into fashion UEFA is contemplating dragging its European competitions down to the level of the average local five-a-side league by paving the way for the return of plastic pitches.
Stottlemyre returns for one more Mel Stottlemyre announced his retirement on Wednesday, but that retirement won #39;t begin for another 11 or 12 months. The long-time Yankees pitching coach will return for 
Ray activated by Jets CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Former Edmonton Eskimos quarterback Ricky Ray is a step closer to throwing his first pass in the NFL. Ray, 24, was activated Wednesday by the New York Jets and will serve as third-string 
Girl, 5, saves baby sister from dingo in island hotel horror WHEN Belinda Corke heard her five-year-old daughter, Georgia, shout  quot;Dingo, dingo quot;, she thought the child had spotted one of the wild dogs near their hotel.
Military operation in Pakistan #39;s tribal area only against foreign &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistani Interior Minister Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao has said that the ongoing military operation in the country #39;s tribal area is being carried out only against foreign terrorists.
Pakistan urges India to avoid disrupting arms balance Pakistan Wednesday urged India to avoid disrupting conventional arms balance as it was against the quest for peace and security, being pursued by both the countries, the official Associated Press of Pakistan reported.
Seven Held in Dutch Anti-Terror Raids, Police Hurt  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Dutch police stormed a flat after a  14-hour stand-off in which four officers were wounded,  arresting two people, and detained five more elsewhere -- all  suspected of links with a network of radical Muslims.
Microsoft, Google Square Off in Search Arena  SEATTLE/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - As Microsoft Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; prepares to launch its own Web search engine to take  on Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=GOOG.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;, industry watchers are already  speculating over which rival will be left standing in the  high-stakes competition.
UN in 'forgotten crises' appeal Kofi Annan willl seek \$1.5bn to deal with what the UN calls the world's forgotten emergencies, many in Africa.
Oracle: PeopleSoft #39;s Board to Reject  #39;Final #39; Buyout Offer PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors is refusing yet again to entertain Oracle #39;s all-cash tender offer, according to a news release issued by Oracle on Wednesday afternoon.
Cable  amp; Wireless slashes jobs but rewards investors Cable  amp; Wireless drew a line under 50 years of corporate history yesterday by announcing it was relocating its London head office to Bracknell while unveiling a new organisational 
Wineke: Global warming is a moral issue For years, we #39;ve been subjected to warnings that  quot;global warming quot; might one day change the way we live our lives. That day, pretty much, is today.
Rangers 2 Celtic 1 (aet) Rangers came from behind to defeat Celtic 2-1 in extra time of an epic CIS Insurance Cup quarter-final at Ibrox. Shota Arveladze was the man who fired the home side ahead after fellow substitute Dado Prso 
Cat Stevens wins peace prize The singer once known as Cat Stevens -- branded by the United States as a potential terrorist risk -- has been awarded a peace prize in Rome for his humanitarian work.
Racist graffiti painted on homes in Belfast Several non-national families in a loyalist area of north Belfast are considering whether to relocate today following overnight racist attacks on their homes.
PeopleSoft Rejects Oracle Bid  PHILADELPHIA/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; board  on Wednesday again unanimously rejected Oracle  Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; \$8.8-billion hostile tender offer, leaving  Oracle to appeal directly to PeopleSoft shareholders to decide  on the bid for themselves.
Dollar Recovers from Lows After Fed, Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar recovered from record lows  against the euro and clung near two-week highs versus the yen  on Thursday after the Federal Reserve indicated it would press  on with its tightening campaign.
Microsoft, Google Square Off in Search Arena As Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O prepares to launch its own Web search engine to take on Google Inc. GOOG.O , industry watchers are already speculating 
Sudanese police raid Darfur camp: UN The United Nations says Sudanese police have raided a camp in Darfur and destroyed makeshift homes, fired into the air and shouted at terrified villagers.
Evidence of hostage murders discovered Iraqi forces fighting alongside US troops in Fallujah yesterday claimed to have found the houses in which civilian hostages were held by militants and beheaded in front of a camera.
Spanish PM Having Trouble Congratulating Bush World leaders have been flooding President Bush with congratulatory calls since his reelection victory, but at least one -- Spain #39;s Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero -- appears to be having trouble getting through.
Peoplesoft turns down Oracle bid The directors of software firm Peoplesoft reject a fifth takeover offer from rival Oracle, decribing the \$8.8bn bid as inadequate.
Apple no longer reviewing itself Apple Computer is still the apple of its own eye, but the company is trying to take a more modest tack with the public. Missing Links
HP opens bidding on computing power New program called Tycoon lets groups jockeying for needed computing power bid for the resources.
Sun talks up Java advances SANTA CLARA, CALIF. -- Simplifying Java programming is on the minds of Java development executives at Sun, but making the language available via an open source format remains off the table, according to executives at a Sun Chalk Talk session here on Wednesday.
PeopleSoft board gives thumbs down to Oracle's offer PeopleSoft's Board of Directors voted Wednesday to recommend that its stockholders reject Oracle's takeover offer of \$24 per share. Oracle CEO Larry Ellison quickly responded, saying the offer is final and that it is now up to PeopleSoft's shareholders to make a determination.
Bank warns of fall in house prices as economy slows House prices will suffer a  quot;modest quot; fall over the next couple of years, the Bank of England warned yesterday as it cut its forecast for economic growth.
Martha Stewart pleads for legal aid Martha Stewart, the jailed celebrity homemaker, has filed a claim with her company for \$3.7m (2.85m) for help with her legal bills.
Meltdown: Arctic wildlife is on the brink of catastrophe Polar bears could be decades from extinction, a survey into global warming has found. Steve Connor reports on the crisis that threatens the polar ice-cap.
Canada slides past Sweden at Four Nations Cup CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It was sloppy game for Team Canada at the Four Nations Tournament, but Danielle Goyette saved the day. The 38-year-old veteran scored with just 1:16 left in the third period to lift her 
Afghan deal to free UN hostages NEGOTIATORS claim to have secured a deal to free Annetta Flanigan, the kidnapped United Nations official, and her two colleagues in Afghanistan.
Stabbing and petrol bombs highlight rise of racism in Ulster Extra police are patrolling in Northern Ireland in an attempt to stem a tide of racist attacks on immigrants after more violence on Latvians and Filipinos.
Superfast Notebook Graphics: NVidia's GeForce Go 6800 PC World's initial test results for this gaming chip are impressive.
Baseball GMs Weigh in on Instant Replay (AP) AP - After a pennant race and postseason dotted with reversed rulings, baseball will get another chance to see who else wants to give replay a look. The topic is on the agenda for Thursday at the GM meetings. And there seems to be growing support among teams to join the NFL, NBA and NHL in using instant replay on calls such as fair or foul and homer or not, but definitely not balls and strikes.
Wake Forest rebounds from Illinois loss WINSTON-SALEM - To shake its latest ailment, the Wake Forest men #39;s basketball team fed Eric Williams. He was eating it up in the second half, propelling the top-ranked (not-for-long) Demon Deacons to a 90-73 
Red Sox Induct Alumni Into Team Shrine (AP) AP - Pedro Martinez, Jason Varitek and more than a dozen other Red Sox free agents might want to take advice from some people who know: Stay in Boston, or you'll regret it.
Starbucks Profit Meets Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - Starbucks Corp.  on\Wednesday said quarterly net profit rose 47 percent, helped by\sales of new products like Frappuccino Light, aggressive store\expansion, and an extra week.
NASCAR Lifts Ban on Liquor Ads on Cars (AP) AP - NASCAR lifted its ban on hard-liquor ads on cars Wednesday, easing restrictions aimed at cleaning up the image of a sport that traces its roots to good ol' boys running moonshine through the hills of Georgia and the Carolinas.
Dollar Recovers from Lows After Fed, Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar recovered from record lows\against the euro and clung near two-week highs versus the yen\on Thursday after the Federal Reserve indicated it would press\on with its tightening campaign.
Chargers Sign TE Baber to One-Year Deal (AP) AP - Tight end Billy Baber signed a one-year contract with the San Diego Chargers on Wednesday, taking the roster spot of suspended backup fullback Andrew Pinnock.
Wizards Hold Singles Night at Magic Game (AP) AP - The Washington Wizards unveiled a singles night promotion Wednesday against the Orlando Magic.
Nuggets too quick for Heat Denver  This was Western Conference basketball, running, soaring and scoring, and the Denver Nuggets were the latest team from the West to remind the Heat it really isn #39;t suited for that kind of game.
Red Sox Claim Lefty Traber Off Waivers (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox claimed left-handed pitcher Billy Traber off waivers from the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday.
Spurrier Wants to Return to College Ranks (AP) AP - Steve Spurrier wants to return to college coaching.
Hopes thin for future of Astra #39;s blood drug THE future of AstraZenecas blood-thinning medicine, Exanta, was thrown into fresh doubt last night after Frances leading drugs regulator confirmed that it was reviewing the medicines approval status.
Exporters Lead Nikkei Up, Trade Slow The Nikkei average was up 0.37 percent in mid-morning trade on Thursday as a recovery in the dollar helped auto makers among other exporters, but trade was slow as investors waited for important Japanese economic data.
French Citizens Flee Ivory Coast Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of French citizens fled their\former colony Ivory Coast on Wednesday after days of\anti-French riots and looting in a country once seen as a model\for Africa of post-independence prosperity.
Bush Administration Divide Re-Emerges Over N. Korea (Reuters) Reuters - As President Bush prepares for a\second term, hard-liners are pressing once again for a more\coercive approach if six-party talks make no progress on\resolving the North Korea nuclear issue.
Vodafone Unveils High-Speed Net Services (AP) AP - Vodafone Group PLC launched high-speed Internet services for mobile phones across much of Europe on Wednesday, ending a wait of several years since the world's biggest cell phone company spent billions for new wireless licenses at the height of the technology bubble.
Federer Drawn with Hewitt, Roddick Up Against Safin World number one and defending champion Roger Federer of Switzerland was grouped with Australia #39;s Lleyton Hewitt in the draw on Wednesday for the season-ending ATP Tennis Masters Cup.
Medvedenko returns for Lakers CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Los Angeles Lakers activated fifth-year veteran Slava Medvedenko from the injured list for Wednesday #39;s game at Memphis.
Motorola to Introduce 20 New Cell Phones (AP) AP - Motorola Inc., which is introducing 20 new cell phones as it tries to avoid slipping to No. 3 in the market, signaled its confidence Wednesday for strong holiday sales and said there are no further product delays in sight.
Burial preparations in Ramallah underway Yasser Arafat, who suffered a brain haemorrhage at a Paris hospital, was in a deep coma, when a top Muslim cleric has rushed to his bedside.
UN staff, foreigners to be evacuated from Ivory Coast France will begin evacuating its nationals and other Europeans from Ivory Coast starting Wednesday, the spokesman of French forces in the troubled west African country said.
Reebok Unveils High-Tech Sneaker Pump 2.0 (AP) AP - Hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also was ridiculed when it was introduced 15 years ago, Reebok Inc. on Wednesday rolled out a next- generation high-tech sneaker with a name that takes a cue from computer software launches: the Pump 2.0.
Dutch Forces Nab 2 Suspects in Standoff (AP) AP - Special forces overpowered two suspected Islamic extremists Wednesday after a 15-hour armed standoff, adding to Dutch concerns that global terrorism has spread into their corner of Europe.
Stage set for Miss World showdown The 2004 Miss World is about to be chosen - and for the first time TV audiences will be taking part. They can vote for their favourite beauties by phone, SMS text messaging, TV remote control and online.
Judge Reduces Jail Time for Calderon (AP) AP - A judge on Wednesday reduced the time former President Rafael Angel Calderon must spend in jail while being investigated on corruption charges.
Fox to Offer Cell Phone Version of '24' TV Show (Reuters) Reuters - Fox Entertainment Group Inc. will\bring a spinoff of its hit television series "24" to cell\phones next year in a tie-up with mobile phone carrier Vodafone\Group Plc, Fox said on Wednesday.
Fox to Create Series for Wireless Phones (AP) AP - The Twentieth Century Fox studio, a veteran of the big screen and the TV screen, is about to break into an entirely new realm: the really little screen, the kind that comes on a cell phone.
Annan: East Timor Mission Should Continue (AP) AP - Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Wednesday recommended against reducing the U.N. mission in East Timor in its final six months, saying the new nation hasn't reached "the critical threshold of self-sufficiency."
Sun talks up Java advances (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SANTA CLARA, CALIF. -- Simplifying Java programming is on the minds of Java development executives at Sun, but making the language available via an open source format remains off the table, according to executives at a Sun  #8220;Chalk Talk #8221; session here on Wednesday.
PeopleSoft Board KOs Oracle Takeover Bid (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors rejected Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid Wednesday and vowed to continue its staunch resistance even if a majority of the business software maker's shareholders decide to accept the offer.
PeopleSoft board gives thumbs down to Oracle's offer (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - PeopleSoft's Board of Directors voted Wednesday to recommend that its stockholders reject Oracle's takeover offer of  #36;24 per share. Oracle CEO Larry Ellison quickly responded, saying the offer is final and that it is now up to PeopleSoft's shareholders to make a determination.
Bush Names Gonzales to Succeed Ashcroft (AP) AP - President Bush on Wednesday nominated White House counsel Alberto Gonzales, who helped shape the administration's controversial legal strategy in the war on terror, to be attorney general. He would be the first Hispanic to serve as the nation's top law enforcement officer.
Bush Moves to Privatize Social Security (AP) AP - Fresh from re-election, President Bush is dusting off an ambitious proposal to overhaul Social Security, a controversial idea that had been shelved because of politics and the administration's focus on tax cuts and terrorism.
Woes of Warming Arctic to Echo Worldwide Via Birds (Reuters) Reuters - The decline of migratory birds due to\an accelerating Arctic thaw may also disrupt the delicate\ecosystems of their far-flung winter homes from Africa to South\America, experts said on Wednesday.
FEC Union Election Spending Probe Sought (AP) AP - An anti-union group is urging the Federal Election Commission to investigate one of the largest unions in the country, claiming the Service Employees International Union unlawfully spent workers' dues to elect Democrats in last week's election.
Rare Okapi Calf Doing Well at Mo. Zoo (AP) AP - A rare okapi  #151; something of a cross between a giraffe and a zebra  #151; born at the St. Louis Zoo this summer is doing well despite a shaky relationship with its mother, zoo officials said Wednesday.
La. Reports First Cases of Soybean Rust (AP) AP - The first U.S. cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday.
Bush Nominates His Top Counsel for Justice Post President Bush said that Alberto R.Gonzales had been "a calm and steady voice at times of crisis" as his White House counsel.
Assault Slows, but G.I.'s Take Half of Falluja Also, insurgents kidnapped three relatives of the Iraqi prime minister, Ayad Allawi, from their home in Baghdad.
Foreign-student enrollment declines Engineering is among graduate fields with decline in new enrollment, a trend raising questions about U.S. tech leadership.
Nikkei Edges Up Before Machinery Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average was up 0.34 percent by  midsession on Thursday as buyers went after companies with  solid earnings prospects such as Furukawa Electric Co. and  Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd., while the dollar's recovery helped  auto makers.
Vodafone calling - with fun and games Vodafone finally took the wraps off its 3G services yesterday, just in time for Christmas. It vowed to attract 10 million customers across 12 European countries and Japan to the new technology with a mixture 
NAB turnaround to take time National Australia Bank, despite reporting a healthy operating profit for its wealth management business, has ended an otherwise tough year on a bad note after today reporting a significant fall in cash earnings for 2004.
Stewart bills her company for \$3.7m of defence costs Shareholders in Martha Stewart #39;s company have already paid heavily for the businesswoman #39;s personal woes. Now she is coming back for more.
US online gambling ban is unfair The US government #39;s ban on cross-border gambling is an unfair trade barrier against the island nation of Antigua, the World Trade Organization said.
Delta to cut 7,000 jobs by 2006 Delta Air Lines yesterday announced plans to cut up to 6,900 jobs over the next 18 months as it struggles to avoid bankruptcy. The airline is in the midst of a restructuring designed to cut \$5bn (2.
New Zealand Unemployment Rate Declines New Zealand #39;s unemployment rate fell to 3.8 percent in the three months to Sept. 30, the second lowest rate in the industrialized world and the country #39;s lowest level in at least 18 years.
OFT says MasterCard overcharges retailers Retailers and their customers face unduly high fees when using MasterCards, the Office of Fair Trading said yesterday in its latest provisional findings into the way card charges are set.
New legume disease discovered in the US United States authorities have confirmed they #39;ve found a new legume disease for the first time. Asian soybean rust has been confirmed in two plots at a research station in Louisiana.
Coca-Cola Amatil Shares Halted Amid Transaction Talks (Update2) Coca-Cola Amatil Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest soft drink maker, had its stock halted from trading, after the Australian Financial Review reported it may bid A\$480 million (\$365 million) for fruit canner SPC Ardmona Ltd.
More Skype add-ons showing up on the Internet Siemens has announced a USB dongle that connects Skype users to a cordless phone. But it only works with Siemens #39; own handsets.
Google Gives Gmail POP3 Support, Plans Antivirus Google will gradually roll out POP3 (Post Office Protocol) support over the coming weeks to users of its Gmail service, allowing them to use the feature to download e-mail messages from Gmail servers to e-mail applications on devices such as PCs and 
Athletics: Young handed life ban The US anti-doping agency banned the sprinter Jerome Young for life yesterday after the world 400-metre champion #39;s second positive test for an illegal steroid.
Battle of Old Trafford resumed Premiership adversaries Manchester United and Arsenal will have another chance to do battle at Old Trafford after last night #39;s League Cup quarter-final draw brought the teams together again.
Magical Evening For the Wizards and that was before Larry Hughes gave an announced crowd of 15,042 at MCI Center good reason to go crazy.
A land brought low Cold-blooded murder in broad daylight, exchanges of fire with terrorists, tit-for-tat attacks on mosques and churches - hardly the sort of news associated with the tolerant, civic-minded Dutch, happy people of a wealthy, stable country.
Yusuf Islam awarded peace prize The singer formerly known as Cat Stevens, branded by the US as a potential terrorist risk, was awarded a peace prize in Rome yesterday for his humanitarian work.
Search underway for resort dingo Queensland Parks and Wildlife officers have begun searching for the dingo that entered a resort room on Fraser Island in the state #39;s south-east and approached a baby lying on a bed.
20 terrorist gangs busted: Sherpao ISLAMABAD, Nov 10: Law-enforcement agencies of the country in their war on terror have busted 20 gangs of terrorists and arrested 200 terrorists who were operating countrywide, said Federal Interior Minister Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao.
Finally, the Knicks Waive Anderson Shandon Anderson got his freedom yesterday, and the Knicks got some roster flexibility.
Chile Issues Report on Pinochet Torture Chile took a key step Wednesday toward confronting the grim legacy of abuses under the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet, completing a lengthy report on torture and political imprisonment with testimonies from some 35,000 victims.
Colombian Government Removes Army Chief The head of the Colombian army was dismissed Wednesday with no explanation just short of a year in the post.
Tupa Is a Key Cog Punter Tom Tupa has emerged as one of Washington's most valuable players, and has played well enough for Pro Bowl consideration.
Bowden Begins Work Jim Bowden, general manager of the franchise scheduled to move to Washington next spring, said he is exploring trades for players.
Cavs Big Men Move The manner in which the Cavaliers pull their offensive linemen has been a key to their ground attack's success this season.
No Free Passes With three teams in the preseason top four and six in the top 25, the ACC is loaded this year. However, it &lt;em&gt;is&lt;/em&gt; the preseason, and &lt;em&gt;nothing &lt;/em&gt;is certain in college basketball.
Dolphins Dump Edwards The Dolphins terminated the contract of starting safety Antuan Edwards on Wednesday.
Sixers Outgun Nets in Overtime, 108-100 (AP) AP - Allen Iverson hit the tying jumper with 7.2 seconds left in regulation and Corliss Williamson scored seven of his 15 points in overtime to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-100 win over the New Jersey Nets on Wednesday night.
Replay in Play Baseball will put instant replay on the agenda for Thursday at the GM meetings and there seems to be growing support among teams.
UCLA Guard Bozeman Undergoes Knee Surgery (AP) AP - UCLA guard Cedric Bozeman underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Wednesday and will miss the season.
'Final hours' for Yasser Arafat Palestinians prepare for the funeral and burial of their veteran leader as officials warn of his imminent death.
Ireland Suffers Case of Mad Cow Disease (AP) AP - Ireland has suffered its first homegrown case of the human form of mad cow disease, the government said Wednesday.
Chile Issues Report on Pinochet Torture (AP) AP - Chile took a key step Wednesday toward confronting the grim legacy of abuses under the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet, completing a lengthy report on torture and political imprisonment with testimonies from some 35,000 victims.
Nigerian Stoning Death Sentence Quashed (AP) AP - An Islamic court in northern Nigeria on Wednesday threw out a death by stoning sentence against a pregnant 18-year-old girl who had been condemned for adultery.
Ohio Still Counting Provisional Ballots (AP) AP - Thanks to John Kerry's concession speech, Ohio's election workers don't exactly have the eyes of the nation on them, but their job of checking and counting the state's provisional ballots is as difficult and time-consuming as ever.
Officials Blame Contractors in Tunnel Leak The tunnel containing this city #39;s sunken highway - the crown jewel of the Big Dig, Boston #39;s mammoth \$14.6 billion highway project - is leaking because of improper construction 
CNET News.com Coverage of Mozilla Firefox 1.0 CNET News.com has a special section about the launch of Mozilla Firefox 1.0. First up is a two-page article about the release, which includes some factual errors (for example, the article says the success 
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook SAN FRANCISCO -- Web search leader Google Inc. said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
Enter a Category Regardless of what he may have told Carlos Beltran when their paths crossed last May, Bernie Williams made it clear yesterday that he won #39;t be conceding centerfield until the Yankees tell him to do so.
Pedro should take Boston #39;s best pitch Pedro Martinez is one of the top free agents this offseason, but his scenario is one where the veteran right-hander #39;s value to the Red Sox is higher than it is to any other team, and in turn 
Chile #39;s Lagos receives torture commission report Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to chronicle 
PeopleSoft Rejects Latest Oracle Bid as Inadequate PeopleSoft's rejection puts the company's fate in the hands of its shareholders and shows that its new management team intends to continue to fight the merger with Oracle.
Rise and Fall of Oil Prices Result in a Mixed Forecast Is the recent fall in oil prices a turning point or merely a lull before demand picks up in the winter months?
Microsoft Unveils Its Internet Search Engine, Quietly Microsoft rolled out its long-planned response to Google and Yahoo in the Internet search industry on Wednesday.
Oil boom over, says think-tank A LEADING international energy think-tank said the oil boom on world markets is over and predicted that prices are likely to fall over the coming months.
Shell And GM In Hydrogen With the opening of the first hydrogen dispenser at a conventional filling station in Washington, DC, Shell has increased the number of these joint facilities in North America and the UK from zero to one.
Watchdog threatens credit card industry over charges THE Office of Fair Trading yesterday threatened to crack down on the credit card industry over its charging policy. It announced it was issuing the MasterCard network with a final warning to justify the fees 
NVIDIA launches GeForce Go 6800 GPU NVIDIA today announced the GeForce Go 6800 graphics processing unit (GPU). The next generation architecture and support for Microsoft DirectX 9.0 Shader Model 3.0, allows the GeForce Go 6800 to deliver the 
Italian Roundup AC Milan failed to take full advantage of Juventus #39; slip-up on Saturday, as Roma came away from San Siro with a share of the spoils in a 1-1 draw on Sunday night.
Sainz to sit out his farewell rally Motorsport.com. One the eve of the start of the World Rally Championship season finale and what would have been the final WRC competition for Carlos Sainz, the Spaniard and co-driver 
Carter and Jets Ready to Step Into the Unknown He was the walking insurance policy the Jets did not want to cash and perhaps the one player his teammates hoped would never see extended time on the field.
Arafat Officially Announced Dead -Al Jazeera  PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has  been officially announced dead in a Paris military hospital,  Arab broadcaster Al Jazeera said on Thursday.  
Bloodlines bites Half-Life 2 #39;s release date The second game to use the Source engine will be released on the same day as the first one--November 16. Since last fall, the release date of Half-Life 2 was put on hold because its Source engine had been compromised by hackers.
Sainz To Miss Rally Australia Carlos Sainz and co-driver Marc Marti have pulled out of this weekend #39;s Rally Australia, the final event in the World Rally Championship - and what was intended to be Carlos #39;s last WRC drive before he retires.
Cardinals Keep Rolling Stefan LeFors throws three touchdown passes and No. 12 Louisville waltzes to a 55-28 victory over TCU on Wednesday night.
Clippers Crush Pacers With Ron Artest asking for days off, the Pacers play like they took the day off themselves as the visiting Clippers hammer Indiana, 102-68.
Microsoft seeks top search spot Microsoft claims its new MSN search engine indexes more web pages than any of its rivals.
Oil Below \$49, Fears of U.S. Cold Snap  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices stayed close to \$49 a  barrel on Thursday, supported by a forecast for an early cold  snap in the United States that could put a strain on a thin  supply cushion of winter heating fuel.
Political Debate at Minn. School Gets Ugly (AP) AP - Three high school students, one allegedly armed with a bat, were charged with attacking a pro-President Bush classmate after he reportedly said only gays would support Sen. John Kerry.
Arafat to Be Flown to Cairo on Friday - Aide  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Dead Palestinian leader  Yasser Arafat's body will be flown to Cairo for a ceremony  Friday and then to the West Bank city of Ramallah for burial  the same day, a former aide said Thursday.
Mets Ready to Deal; All They Need Is a Trade Partner Mets General Manager Omar Minahas has met with most of the teams that may be willing to trade big-money marquee players in blockbuster deals.
Freeing the Grapes? It bothers Juanita Swedenburg that many of her customers are criminals in the eyes of the law. Swedenburg sells premium handmade wines from grapes that she grows on her 130-acre farm in northern Virginia, and 
Arafat Forced His People's Plight Into the World Spotlight The Palestinian leader spent his final days in a coma at a French military hospital outside Paris.
Jones Is Said to Be Near a Deal for Barneys The Jones Apparel Group, a \$4.3 billion clothing company with a middle-brow reputation, is close to making a deal to buying the Barneys chain.
PeopleSoft Directors Reject Oracle #39;s Offer The board of PeopleSoft Inc. yesterday rejected Oracle Corp. #39;s \$24-a-share hostile takeover bid as too cheap, but said it was open to a deal at a higher price.
Washington Station Offers Gas, Snacks and Hydrogen At an ordinary filling station about a mile east of the Capitol that has the usual selection of regular, premium and diesel at the pumps and chewing gum and soda next 
Australian jobless rate hits 27-year low CANBERRA, Australia -- Australia #39;s jobless rate fell to 5.3 percent last month, the lowest level for 27 years, the government said Thursday.
Record Exports Help Bring US Trade Deficit Down a Bit The United States trade deficit shrank to \$51.6 billion in September, as exports posted their best month on record. In another report, new claims for jobless 
Merck Chief Is Asked to Testify A top Republican lawmaker called Wednesday for Merck  amp; Company to answer questions about its withdrawn drug Vioxx on Nov. 18 at the first Congressional hearing to address the drug #39;s safety problems.
Ex-Disney Director Says He Was Briefed on Ovitz #39;s Pay By Bloomberg News. Michael D. Eisner, the chief executive of Walt Disney, kept board members abreast of the negotiations to hire the talent agent Michael S. Ovitz as the company #39;s president 
Profit Rises 27 at Whole Foods By Bloomberg News. Whole Foods Market Inc., the largest natural-foods grocer in the United States, said yesterday that fourth-quarter profit rose 27 percent as sales increased.
MGM Mirage hotel-condo complex would be Vegas  #39;hub #39; Gaming giant MGM Mirage (MGM) announced plans Wednesday for a \$4.7 billion luxury complex of hotels, condominiums and shopping centers on the Las Vegas Strip.
After Accord, Sudan Camp Raided Just hours after the government agreed to a peace deal Tuesday aimed at ending violence in Darfur, Sudanese police arrived at this battered camp in the middle of the night, beating residents with wooden poles, bulldozing and burning shelters and firing tear gas into a health clinic, residents and aid workers reported.
Seeking Salvation in the City of Insurgents FALLUJAH, Iraq -- He first tried to get to Iraq in April 2003, when U.S. troops established control over the country and jihad became a place on a map.
3 Abu Ghraib Trials Moved to U.S. The U.S. military announced Thursday that the courts-martial of three Army reservists charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison would be transferred from Baghdad to Fort Hood, Tex.
G.M. Enlists Orman to Pitch Financing Promotion Suze Orman, a financial planner and CNBC talk show host, wants to tell you about a can't-miss car deal.
Young banned for life after 2nd doping violation United States sprinter Jerome Young was banned for life by the US Anti-Doping Agency yesterday following his second positive test for an illegal steroid in a case that could affect a US relay team #39;s gold medal from Sydney.
Clippers Thrash Artest-Less Pacers Clippers 102, Pacers 68 INDIANAPOLIS -- All the injuries and Ron Artest #39;s benching finally caught up with Indiana, in historic fashion. Elton Brand had 19 points and 16 rebounds and the Los Angeles Clippers took control of the lethargic 
NC State seeks offensive turnaround The time for redemption is at hand for the North Carolina State football team, and if the Wolfpack don #39;t follow through, a once-promising season will end with the program #39;s first losing record since 1996.
No. 21 Wisconsin 81, Wis.-Parkside 42 Alando Tucker, who missed all but four games last season with a foot injury, scored 14 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to lead No. 21 Wisconsin to an 81-42 exhibition victory over Wisconsin-Parkside Wednesday night.
Fighters Look to Separate Themselves From Crowd Since Lennox Lewis #39;s retirement, the heavyweight division has been knocked for having more quantity than quality. Eight heavyweights on Saturday night #39;s card at Madison Square Garden hope to change that perception, at least for one night.
Cat Stevens gets peace prize Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev honored the singer formerly known as Cat Stevens with a peace prize. Yusuf Islam was awarded the  quot;Man for Peace quot; award in Rome at the opening of a meeting of Nobel Peace Prize laureates.
Police fire tear gas on rape claim protesters SRINAGAR: Police detained a separatist leader and fired tear gas shells to scatter protesters in Kashmir yesterday, the fourth straight day of protests against the alleged rape of a young girl and her mother by an Indian soldier.
For Arafat, His Life Personified His Dream For virtually his entire adult life, Yasser Arafat had one dream, and he pursued it with such energy and zeal -- some would say fanaticism -- that he came to personify the dream itself.
Falling dollar may raise problems The world used to be green with envy over the greenback, but now the stuff in your wallet can #39;t seem to shake the blues. It #39;s not that the United States is on the verge of singing  quot;Brother, Can You Spare a 
Cavs Rally Past Suns 114-109 in Overtime (AP) AP - On his souvenir bobblehead night, Zydrunas Ilgauskas shook Gund Arena and the Phoenix Suns. Cleveland's 7-foot-3 center drained three long jumpers, including a tying 3-pointer at the end of regulation, and the Cavaliers rallied for a 114-109 overtime win against Phoenix on Wednesday night, the Suns' first loss this season.
Search Swagger That #39;s the game Google Inc. and Microsoft Corp. are playing as the search-engine war heats up. Microsoft is rolling out a new search engine today, touting it as  quot;the largest index of information, quot; with more than 5 billion Web documents.
NASA Tries to Break Speed Record With Last Plane Test (Update1) NASA will test its latest jet-powered aircraft for the final time next week, aiming to set a world record by flying at 10 times the speed of sound.
LeFors, No. 12 Louisville Crush TCU 55-28 (AP) AP - Stefan LeFors threw three touchdown passes and No. 12 Louisville rolled to a 55-28 victory over TCU on Wednesday night.
Oil Below  #36;49, Fears of U.S. Cold Snap (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices stayed close to  #36;49 a\barrel on Thursday, supported by a forecast for an early cold\snap in the United States that could put a strain on a thin\supply cushion of winter heating fuel.
Oh Ho Ho, Those Holiday Sales! Gavin Reynolds (Rochester, NY) 12/03/04 - From dawn until dusk retailers are pulling out all the stops to make every weekend like the day after Thanksgiving.
Update: PeopleSoft rejects Oracle's 'final' offer PeopleSoft's board of directors today rejected Oracle's latest \$24-per-share "best and final offer" for the company, leaving the outcome in the hands of PeopleSoft shareholders.
Google gives Gmail POP3 support, plans antivirus features With POP3 support, Gmail users will be able to transfer their messages to a client-side e-mail application and store the messages on their local hard drives, making them accessible off-line.
Microsoft Unveils its New Search Engine - At Last After months of speculation and two 'preview' releases, Microsoft has taken the wraps off of its new MSN search engine, the first major competitor to join the big leagues of web search in nearly a year.
Lawmakers to Question FDA, Merck Over Vioxx Merck  amp; Co. Inc. Chief Executive Officer Raymond Gilmartin and FDA officials have been called to testify before Congress on Nov. 18 over safety problems with the company #39;s withdrawn 
Microsoft: Firefox does not threaten IE #39;s market share Internet Explorer (IE) is no less secure than any other browser and does not lack any important features, according to Microsoft. But the managing director of Cisco admitted that he wouldnt use IE without additional protection.
Microsoft Expands Software Indemnification Program Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is expanding its indemnification program for Windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent 
Reebok #39;s revives Pump shoe, marking industry shift to high-tech Hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also ridiculed when it was introduced 15 years ago, Reebok Inc.
NCAA Game Summary - TCU at Louisville Louisville, KY (Sports Network) - Stefan LeFors threw three touchdown passes to lead 12th-ranked Louisville to a 55-28 rout over TCU at Papa John #39;s Cardinal Stadium.
Arsenal youngsters punch above their weight again ARSENALS first team may not have won for five matches, the slump threatening their progress in the Premiership and Champions League, but their second-stringers, the young and inexperienced 
UNDATED: seven assists. Pau Gasol scored 22 points and Shane Battier added 18, and Memphis won for the first time in five games this season. Kobe Bryant, guarded by a three-man rotation, had 20 points on 4-for-19 shooting for the Lakers.
Raptors look to cool off Jazz CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Raptors will face yet another Western team that has manhandled them over the years. Fresh off a 108-92 drubbing at the hands of the Sacramento Kings, the Raptors head to Utah 
Israeli Troops Kill 3 Palestinian Militants-Sources (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot dead\three Palestinian militants near the West Bank city of Nablus\on Thursday, Palestinian security sources said.
Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat Dies at 75 Yasser Arafat, the leader for decades of a fight for Palestinian independence from Israel, has died at a military hospital in Paris, according to news reports.
Blair heads to US under growing pressure to shed "poodle" image (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to fly to Washington for talks with President George W. Bush under more pressure than ever to reap rewards for his support of the unpopular US-led war in Iraq.
Microsoft Launches Its Own Web Search Tool (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. unveiled a preliminary\version of its Web search engine late on Wednesday, in its\first attack on Google Inc. leading position in the market.
Intel Readies Centrino-Style Push for Desktops (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  will unveil\next year a bundle of chips designed for home entertainment\computers, and support the move with a branding campaign\modeled on the successful launch of its Centrino chips for\notebook computers, a person briefed on the matter said.
Palestinians Mourn Death of Yasser Arafat (AP) AP - Palestinians reacted with tears and tributes to the death of their leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday.
PeopleSoft's board recommends shareholders reject Oracle takeover bid (AFP) AFP - Senior executives at business software group PeopleSoft unanimously recommended that its shareholders reject a 8.8 billion dollar takeover bid from Oracle Corp, PeopleSoft said in a statement Wednesday.
SunTrust Fires 3 Executives Over Miscalculations SunTrust Banks said yesterday that it had fired its chief credit officer and two other executives after finding numerous errors in calculating how much to set aside for bad loans.
Alabama A amp;M coach is in game of his life In another time and place, a spot in the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic would have been about an opportunity for Alabama A amp;M of the Southwestern Athletic Conference to gain exposure and build upon last season #39;s 13-17 record.
Jaish gives more time to Afghan govt PESHAWAR: The Jaishul Muslimeen on Wednesday said it had agreed to an Afghan government request to give it more time to locate the 26 prisoners whose release has been demanded in return for the freedom of the three UN hostages.
Annan Urges Greater Effort on Middle East Peace  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan was "deeply moved" by the death of Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat and urged renewed efforts by the Palestinians and  the Israelis to reach peace, a spokesman said late on  Wednesday.
Palestinian Leaders to Transfer Arafat Powers  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders  prepared on Thursday to transfer President Yasser Arafat's  powers to three key figures who will take on the most important  roles he held, officials said.
Norway to talk with Tamil Tigers Norway's foreign minister is due to meet  Tamil rebel leader Velupillai Prabhakaran  to revive the peace process in Sri Lanka.
Tributes to Arafat led by Blair Tony Blair pays tribute to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat after his death in a French hospital aged 75.
James Rallies Cavs LeBron James pulls the Cavaliers back with a 17-point fourth-quarter to eventually deal the Suns their first loss of the season, 114-109, on Wednesday.
State for Palestinians and Peace With Israel Left Unrealized Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, died early Thursday morning in a Paris hospital, a French military spokesman announced.
Dollar Up After Fed, Tokyo Shares Slide  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded on Thursday,  lifting shares of some Asian exporters, after the Federal  Reserve raised interest rates as expected and indicated it  would press ahead with further increases at a measured pace.
Some Fight Baseball Tax Various groups are lobbying efforts to shift the brunt of a \$26 million annual baseball stadium tax onto other companies.
Trade Deficit Falls, But Big Gap Persists September trade data prompted economists to warn anew that the dollar, which briefly hit a record low against the euro Wednesday morning, is likely to continue moving downward in the months ahead.
Fannie Regulator's Budget Loses Key Backer, for Now  A senior House Democrat said yesterday that he will not support a budget increase for the federal regulator of Fannie Mae until questions raised in a confidential report have been addressed.
Waxman Seeks New Halliburton Inquiry  Citing newly disclosed State Department documents, Rep. Henry A. Waxman (D-Calif.) called yesterday for further congressional hearings on Halliburton Co.'s contracts in Kuwait and Iraq.
N.Y. Mayor Has Plans To Import Flu Shots Scrambling to ease a vaccine crunch, New York City joined other jurisdictions ordering vaccine from Europe, putting pressure on the Bush administration to authorize the shipments.
Australia jobless at 26-year low Unemployment in Australia sinks to the lowest level since 1978, giving a further boost to the re-elected government of John Howard.
PeopleSoft Directors Reject Oracle's Offer The board of PeopleSoft Inc. Wednesday rejected Oracle Corp.'s \$24-a-share hostile takeover bid as too cheap, but said it was open to a deal at a higher price.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Holiday Forecast: Online Sales to Grow When I ordered Christmas presents last week from L.L. Bean's 295-page holiday catalog, I visited the Web site because I thought it might offer bargains and be as quick as a phone call.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
E-Mail Authentication Will Not Stop Spammers For consumers and businesses increasingly shaken by the growing onslaught of unwanted e-mail and computer viruses, any hope for quick relief was dashed Wednesday during a government-hosted gathering of technology experts.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Latest Conspiracy Theory Hits the Ether Even as Sen. John F. Kerry's campaign is steadfastly refusing to challenge the results of the presidential election, the bloggers and the mortally wounded party loyalists and the spreadsheet-wielding conspiracy theorists are filling the Internet with head-turning allegations.
Fed warns of growing budget gap Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan says the growing US budget deficit might destabilize the economy. Fed Governor Susan Bies says Congress spends like it #39;s dipping into a  quot;a cookie jar.
Cisco Systems Q1 net up 29 Net sales for the fiscal Q1 rose 17.1 percent to \$6.0 billion, the sixth straight quarter of sequential growth. directs data over the Internet, said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for 
Fungus hits US soybeans An aggressive fungal disease known as soybean rust has been found on plants in Louisiana, the first US case, threatening a crop valued at \$17.
Magnitude of problem called unclear Water is accumulating on the underground roof of the Big Dig tunnels, according to Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly, who said yesterday that his office is trying to determine whether the pools of water pose any threat of damage to the \$14.
Pilots Saying Yes to Less Money May Save Delta Air The labor cost and productivity problems of major airlines have been intractable for a couple of decades, which makes imminent pay concessions by Delta pilots a hopeful event for the airline, lenders, investors and the industry.
MGM has lofty plans for Strip MGM Mirage on Wednesday unveiled its largest building project ever, a multibillion-dollar plan to create a high-rise neighborhood on the Las Vegas Strip that keeps up with the city #39;s growing population and tourist trade.
Tokyo Stocks Drop After Machinery Data Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average closed down 1.35 percent on Thursday after an unexpected fall in core machinery orders data worsened investors #39; concern over Japan #39;s economic outlook and triggered selling of a wide range of stocks.
Australia jobless at 26-year low Australia #39;s jobless rate is at a quarter-century low, giving a further reward to Prime Minister John Howard following his recent election victory.
Condo Pandemonium Nothing makes New Yorkers pant like a luxury apartment, so when the city announced a few months ago that it would auction off seven high-end condos, a crowd was expected.
Microsoft to double ad revenue: CEO Will double its advertising revenue in five years as it ramps up its search services to rival Web search leader Google Inc. BELLEVUE: Microsoft Corp.
Firefox boy Gatecrashes Bills party A software that 17-year-old Blake Ross started building in 2002 has got Microsoft worried. Its called Firefox, its free, and it beats the pants of Microsofts Internet Explorer.
City man charged with selling Microsoft source code His online profile lists William P. Genovese #39;s profession as  quot;hacking bum quot; and  quot;getting arrested quot; among his likes.
Nelson living magical dream The expression rarely changes, but for a moment, Orlando Magic point guard Jameer Nelson let his guard down. An all-American point guard and consensus college player of the year last season at St.
HOUSTON DRAW FAVOURS HENMAN Tim Henman #39;s hopes of success at the Tennis Masters Cup in Houston were given a major boost by last night #39;s draw. In the group stage, the Briton has avoided Swiss world number one Roger Federer and Australian 
Familiar ref for Ruiz-Golota The New York State Athletic Commission will announce today that Randy Neumann will be the referee for Saturday night #39;s John Ruiz-Andrew Golota fight at Madison Square Garden.
Louisville routs TCU 55-28 LOUISVILLE, KY. - Louisville needed less than seven minutes to shake off Conference USA nemesis TCU and roll to another big victory.
Italian kidnap victim freed CAGAYAN DE ORO CITY -- Andrea Cianferoni, an Italian kidnapped 2:30 pm yesterday by four armed men in the hinterland village of Delabayan of Kauswagan town, Lanao del Norte was released 10:30 am today, in barangay Inudaran of the same town, according to 
Australia getting wetter: CSIRO While the south-east of Australia has gone through years of drought, new research shows the rest of the country including the centre, is getting wetter.
No. 20 Notre Dame Defeats Quincy 80-61 (AP) AP - Chris Quinn scored 25 points to lead No. 20 Notre Dame to an 80-61 exhibition victory over Quincy on Wednesday night.
Microsoft Debuts Own Web Search Technology (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. finally debuted its own Web search technology on Thursday, hoping to challenge Google Inc.'s long dominance of the field with results tailored to a user's location and answers from its Encarta encyclopedia.
Palestinian Leaders to Transfer Arafat Powers (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian leaders\prepared on Thursday to transfer President Yasser Arafat's\powers to three key figures who will take on the most important\roles he held, officials said.
Norway FM takes peace message to Tamil Tigers (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka's President Chandrika Kumaratunga offered to revive stalled peace talks with the Tamil Tigers in a message conveyed to rebels by Norway's Foreign Minister Jan Petersen, her office said.
India lauds Arafat's lifetime devotion to Palestinian cause (AFP) AFP - President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam led India's condolences on the death of Yasser Arafat, praising the Palestinian leader's lifetime devotion to his people.
Australia to require Aboriginals to make agreements in return for welfare (AFP) AFP - Australia signalled a new hardline approach on welfare for its Aboriginal people as it vowed to end  quot;sit-down money quot; -- generous handouts for doing little.
Pageantry Planned for Bush Inauguration (AP) AP - When President Bush takes his second oath of office Jan. 20 it will be his family's fifth inauguration ceremony, a day of pomp and pageantry set amid the icons of democracy only this city can provide: the U.S. Capitol, the White House, Pennsylvania Avenue.
What future for the Palestinians? The death of their symbol could force the Palestinians to choose between negotiating for the best deal they can get or continue fighting for a dream.
World reaction US President Bush and French President Chirac are among the first to send condolences for the Palestinian leader's death.
SuperSonics Clobber Kings 108-78 (AP) AP - Ray Allen scored 20 points and Rashard Lewis added 18, leading the surprising Seattle SuperSonics to their fourth consecutive victory, 108-78 over the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night.
Dollar Keeps Gains After Trade Data, Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar held gains against the euro  and traded near two-week highs versus the yen on Thursday after  data showed the U.S. trade gap shrank and the Fed indicated it  would press on with monetary tightening.
After Vioxx recall, the FDA and Merck both claim that all other &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;We were wrong about Vioxx, but you can trust us on all those other meds, quot; the FDA seems to be saying. If you enjoy this article, you may also be interested in an article entitled  #39;The FDA remains in state of denial about drug safety questions.
Soy fungus spotted in US The first US cases of Asian soybean rust, a fungus that hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday.
Bextra report questions effects on heart patients A study suggesting arthritis drug Bextra doubles patients #39; heart attack and stroke risks drew a sharp rebuttal Wednesday from the drug #39;s maker, Pfizer (PFE), as its stock price dipped.
Microsoft gets in on search party Microsoft (MSFT) unveils its much-talked-about revamped Internet search engine on Thursday to compete with Google and Yahoo - but at a test site rather than the main MSN page.
Rowntree Admits: it #39;s Brilliant to Be Back Graham Rowntree still vividly recalls the painful Sunday morning when his World Cup dream was shattered, and admits to this day: You cant prepare yourself for a disappointment like that.
BERNIE LEAVING CF HOT OFFSEASON TOPIC The challenge Kenny Lofton posed to Bernie Williams a year ago turned out to be a bug versus windshield. However, if the Yankees ink free agent Carlos Beltran he will be 
Sonics clobber Kings A game between two of the league #39;s top scoring teams from last season wasn #39;t pretty. Both the Kings and Sonics shot below 42 percent in the first half of last night #39;s NBA game at KeyArena.
LeBron leads Cavs back LeBron James has helped Cleveland overcome a 19-point deficit to down Phoenix 114-109 in an overtime NBA thriller. The teenage sensation scored 17 of his 38 points in the fourth quarter, helping the home side 
Europeans evacuated from I Coast European nations led by France were evacuating their nationals from Ivory Coast on Thursday, where an explosion of anti-French violence has made even long-time residents rush to pack their bags.
What is Arafat #39;s legacy? Amin Saikal, the director of the Centre for Arab and Islamic Studies at the Australian National University, talks to ABC News Online #39;s Nadia Farha about Yasser Arafat #39;s 
Burma crackdown on luxury cars Burma investigates illegally imported luxury cars, the latest repercussion of former PM Khin Nyunt's ouster.
Key interest rate at 2 The Federal Reserve didn #39;t surprise anyone yesterday, as its policy-making body increased its key interest rate by one quarter percent, to 2 percent.
Oracle Promoted A STINGY Offer Oracle Corp. recently learned that PeopleSoft will reject Oracle #39;s \$24.00 a share- its best and final offer. The cash tender offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of PeopleSoft, Inc.
Soybean rust invades US The first US cases of soybean rust, a fungus that hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday.
Blame game begins over Big Dig leaks A whistleblower complained about leaks and shoddy construction in a Big Dig tunnel as far back as 2001, but his concerns were ignored by Massachusetts Turnpike Authority officials who downplayed 
Business briefs, November 11 The number of Americans filing initial claims for jobless benefits rose less than forecast last week and held below the year #39;s average, a government report showed today.
US Shows Its Muscle In International Trade US trade policy is far from perfect, of course. But election year rhetoric, particularly that on  quot;outsourcing quot; of jobs, may have given some Americans a distorted view of reality.
Ford #39;s out to put a lid on costly incentives Ford Motor #39;s (F) striking market-share plunge should be over within six months, and the company is banking on new products to regain share while allowing it to cut back incentives, CEO Bill Ford said Wednesday in an interview with USA TODAY.
MOUSE MADE OVITZ CHEESY DEAL Hollywood dealmaker Michael Ovitz quietly got a very stingy options package before joining Walt Disney - because insiders thought he might flop.
Merck, FDA to face Congress over withdrawn Vioxx A top Republican lawmaker on Wednesday called on Merck  amp; Co. Inc. to answer questions about its withdrawn drug Vioxx at the first congressional hearing on Nov.
High dose vitamin E death warning People who take even moderately high doses of vitamin E could be putting their lives at risk, mounting evidence suggests.
Microsoft pushes search technology to market Microsoft Corp. #39;s Web search technology, debuting in test form Thursday in 11 languages, promises to answer plain-language questions and give results tailored to a user #39;s region, among 
Arctic thaw may open ship lanes, but risks high A faster-than-expected thaw of the Arctic is likely to open legendary short-cut routes between the Pacific and the Atlantic but experts say icebergs and high costs will prevent any trans-polar shipping boom.
Microsoft Expands Indemnification Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has expanded the scope of its intellectual property protection policy to cover customers using current and earlier versions of its software.
THE NEW PUMP The original version of Reebok Pump introduced in 1989 was inflated with the press of a pump button on the shoes tongue.  The new Chinese-produced 2.0 silently inflates itself after you slip into it and take about five steps.
Hypersonic research craft set to fly Monday NASA engineers and researchers are gearing up to end a hypersonic research program with a world-record flight approaching 7,000 mph over the Pacific Ocean.
Singer Love denies bottle attack Courtney Love pleads not guilty to assault with a deadly weapon after being accused of an attack with a bottle.
Kuznetsova wins WTA Tour Championships opener Svetlana Kuznetsova didn #39;t show the form that saw her win the US Open, but she was good enough on Wednesday to win her opening round-robin match at the WTA Tour Championships against an erratic Vera Zvonareva.
FOOTBALL: THIS IS FOR YOU EMLYN ON A night when they came to remember a glorious past, Liverpool #39;s grieving fans were offered a glimpse of their immediate future.
Tooth and nail: Pierce, C #39;s bite Blazers at buzzer With a little more than 34 seconds to go last night, Portland #39;s Ruben Patterson brought his left forearm down across Paul Pierce news #39;s face in rebound traffic, bringing major pain to Pierce #39;s surgically repaired mouth.
Bernie still maintains claim on centerfield Regardless of what he may have told Carlos Beltran when their paths crossed last May, Bernie Williams made it clear yesterday that he won #39;t be conceding centerfield until the Yankees tell him to do so.
Singapore: Arafat #39;s death chance for peace Singapore hopes President Yasser Arafat #39;s death will be  quot;an opportunity for a lasting, just and peaceful solution to the Arab-Israeli issue, quot; a spokesman said.
Blair to meet Bush The Prime Minister flies to Washington today for talks with the newly re-elected Republican president, George Bush. Talks are likely to cover the Iraq war, the  quot;road map quot; for peace in the Middle East, the 
Darfur warring parties sign new pacts Displaced Sudanese women waiting for food to be distributed Nov. 9, in el-Sereif refugee camp, on the outskirts of Nyala town in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region.
Train driver had just two seconds to brake before hitting car The train driver killed in the Berkshire rail disaster applied his emergency brakes two to three seconds before ploughing into a car parked on the track at a level crossing, an official report revealed yesterday.
Troops find kidnapper sites American and Iraqi military commanders said yesterday that troops had found at least one house in Fallujah that appeared to be the base of some of the hostage-takers 
N.Korea Urged to Hold Talks But No Dates-Source Countries involved in six-way talks on North Korea #39;s nuclear program have urged Pyongyang to return to the table sooner rather than later but have not proposed specific 
Row over Australian army photo A Sydney newspaper has published a photograph of Australian soldiers posing as members of the Ku Klux Klan. The Daily Telegraph said the soldiers were dressed like that to intimidate young Aboriginal recruits.
Palestinian leader Arafat dies at 75 PARIS -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died early today at a French military hospital where he had lingered in a coma between life and death for the last week. He was 75.
Hostage takers cite pact to free comrades KABUL -- Taliban-linked militants holding three UN hostages said yesterday the Afghan government has agreed to free some of their jailed comrades to prevent the killing of the foreign captives. Afghan state television reported that President Hamid Karzai had decreed the release of prisoners for Eid, the end of the Muslim fasting month, expected on Sunday. But there was no ...
Bosnian Serbs issue apology for massacre BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina -- The Bosnian Serb government issued an apology yesterday for the 1995 massacre of 7,800 Muslim civilians in Srebrenica, saying it ''shares the pain quot; of the victims' families.
Bush cites opening for peace, leadership WASHINGTON -- President Bush offered a powerful incentive to Palestinians yesterday to rally behind a moderate leadership, signaling the promise of US reengagement and a new opening for peace following Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death.
Cisco hurt on worries about sector #39;s recovery Shares of Cisco Systems fell sharply Wednesday after the company #39;s chief executive, John Chambers, said sales growth would slow this quarter and that it was too early to say whether customers were more optimistic about the economy.
Witness Testifies on Ovitz #39;s Option Terms GEORGETOWN, Del. - The terms on the options Walt Disney Co. gave its former president Michael Ovitz when he was hired were less generous than the terms for many other industry executives, a former compensation consultant testified Wednesday.
Mich. plant workers reach tentative deal REDFORD, Mich. -- Representatives for about 1,300 United Auto Workers members at DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Detroit Diesel engine manufacturing plant reached a tentative agreement Wednesday, one day after going 
NBA Wrap: Wins for Celtics, 76ers, Lakers Lose  BOSTON (Sports Network) - Paul Pierce nailed a jumper at  the buzzer to give the Boston Celtics a 90-88 victory over  Portland at the FleetCenter.
Mass evacuations begin in Ivory Coast ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast -- France, the United States, and other nations launched one of the largest evacuations of Africa's postindependence era yesterday, requisitioning commercial jets to fly out thousands of foreigners following attacks on civilians and peacekeeping troops.
Court reverses some Falun Gong convictions HONG KONG -- A Hong Kong appeals court cleared some convictions yesterday against 16 Falun Gong followers for protesting outside China's liaison office but upheld more serious verdicts in a case seen as a test of this territory's freedoms under Chinese rule.
Concern many will regroup elsewhere SULAIMANIYAH, Iraq -- This week's invasion of Fallujah is a direct test of Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld's yardstick for measuring American success against terrorism: The question is whether US and Iraqi forces can capture or kill more insurgents in the rebel city than are being recruited and deployed elsewhere in Iraq.
At times, a fight against boredom FALLUJAH, Iraq -- Through the tiny rectangular windows of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle the five infantrymen peered out at a junkyard of twisted metal and burned-out trucks. They were chafing to get out.
Fortson keeps it  #39;simple #39; as Sonics stick it to Spurs Pink bubble gum popped from Danny Fortson #39;s mouth as he moseyed around the KeyArena court on Sunday night. Moving slower than traffic across the 520 bridge, the Sonics forward definitely travels at a different pace than his teammates do.
Racers tap new sponsors NASCAR teams struggling to finance cars with lucrative sponsorship deals now can begin negotiating with liquor companies after the stock car sanctioning body gave the go ahead Wednesday.
LeFors keeps Cardinals rolling LOUISVILLE, Ky.  Stefan LeFors threw three touchdown passes Wednesday night as No. 12 Louisville rolled to a 55-28 victory over TCU.
Artest gets bum rap from Pacers CLIPPERS 102, PACERS 68---At Indianapolis, Pacers F Ron Artest said yesterday that he asked coach Rick Carlisle for time off because of a busy schedule that included promoting a soon-to 
Another road test for  #39;Noles Near the back of its football media guide, the Atlantic Coast Conference lists 71  quot;procedures quot; for determining its Bowl Championship Series representative in case of a tie atop the final league standings.
YOUNG GUNS BRING BACK THE SMILES THE SMILE had been missing from Arsene Wenger #39;s face ever since the Battle of the Buffet. But watching it return at Highbury on Tuesday night, you could see exactly why Wenger has pledged his long-term future to Arsenal.
Down 19, Cavs rally past Suns Cleveland #39;s 7-foot-3 center drained three long jumpers, including a tying 3-pointer at the end of regulation, and the Cavaliers rallied for a 114-109 overtime win against Phoenix on Wednesday night, the Suns #39; first loss this season.
National Basketball Association Game Capsules Boston, MA -- Paul Pierce nailed a jumper at the buzzer to give the Boston Celtics a 90-88 victory over Portland at the FleetCenter.
Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat  CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, will host  a military funeral for the Palestinian president on Friday  before he is buried in the West Bank, officials said.
Afghan UN Kidnappers Await Release of 26 Taliban  KABUL (Reuters) - Kidnappers of three U.N. workers in  Afghanistan said on Thursday they expect the government to  release 26 Taliban prisoners in exchange for their hostages  before the Muslim Eid festival this weekend.
Detroit Diesel deal saves jobs The United Auto Workers union reached a tentative labor agreement with DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Detroit Diesel Corp. Wednesday that is expected to preserve jobs at the company #39;s Redford plant.
Not just bigger, it #39;s the best When it was revealed developer Rockstar Games #39; Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas would be three times larger than the previously epic GTA: Vice City, I cringed.
Green players, gold future? Just a week ago, following an astonishingly poor effort in their season-opening loss to the Clippers, the plan seemed clear: Hope for the top pick in the lottery.
WTO rules against US gambling ban The World Trade Organisation confirms a ruling that says the US cannot ban internet gambling.
Insurgents resist across Iraq Fallujah is not the only flashpoint. Violence continues to sweep the rest of Iraq. A car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in Eastern Baghdad, killing at least seven people.
Red Sox owners differ with Boras Let history repeat itself, Jason Varitek's agent, Scott Boras, urged the Red Sox owners in lobbying for them to sign the 32-year-old catcher for five years with a full no-trade clause at a premium wage.
Showalter, Cox are tops Bobby Cox and Buck Showalter were given little chance of success after payroll purges pushed out key players. Proving the predictions wrong, their teams won, anyway, and so did the managers.
Surgical precision With time expiring, Paul Pierce hit a fadeaway 21-footer over the outstretched left arm of Ruben Patterson, giving the Celtics a 90-88 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers last night. Pierce jumped on the scorer's table before teammates quickly lifted him back to the safety of the FleetCenter parquet. Given Pierce's condition, it was a jubilant, yet cautious, celebration.
Votes are in, and so is Remy He planted the seeds for this most improbable ascension to national prominence nearly 20 years ago, shortly after becoming a member of the PGA of America. Back then, Jim Remy was an assistant pro at Worcester Country Club, and while he was just one of the thousands of PGA of America members, hardly anyone could have envisioned him being their ...
BC's Bulman ready to tackle Mountaineers Long before the college football season started, followers of Boston College and West Virginia were eyeing Nov. 13 on their schedules. With Miami and Virginia Tech gone to the Atlantic Coast Conference, it seemed likely that the battle for the Big East title, and a trip to a BCS bowl, would be contested between the Mountaineers and Eagles, 1-2, respectively, ...
Pandolfo gives Rockets a lift When a tournament winds down to the final rounds, the teams with the best players usually hold the advantage. Fortunately for Reading, it had the best field hockey player in the game last night.
Against Clarett, Vrabel lines up alongside OSU There's little doubt Mike Vrabel is the quintessential Patriot, but there's another team he loves and is loyal to -- his alma mater, Ohio State.
Slowing exports hit German growth Germany's economy expands just 0.1 in the third quarter as weak exports offset a growth in domestic demand.
Memphis police ask questions A report on the Memphis Commercial Appeal's website yesterday said Memphis police were investigating every angle of a reported burglary at the apartment of players on John Calipari's basketball team.
Pacers are at a loss All the injuries and Ron Artest's benching finally caught up with Indiana. Elton Brand had 19 points and 16 rebounds and the Los Angeles Clippers took control of the lethargic Pacers from the start in a 102-68 win last night, the worst home loss in franchise history.
Boston in running for marathon trials The 2008 US Olympic team marathon trials could be crossing paths with the Boston Marathon.
Today's schedule College hockey: Men -- Suffolk at Stonehill, 7:45 p.m.; Wentworth at WNEC, 8 p.m. Pro hockey: AHL -- Portland at Lowell, 2 p.m.
College football on TV tonight FLORIDA ST. (7-2) vs. N.C. STATE (4-5) When, where: Tonight, 7:30, at Raleigh, N.C. TV, radio: ESPN, WESX (1230). Last season: Florida State won, 50-44. Comments: Last week, the No. 11 Seminoles beat Duke, 29-7, but North Carolina State is reeling after three consecutive losses. Quarterback Wyatt Sexton will get the start for the Seminoles; he replaced Chris Rix last ...
Spielman says he'll be back Miami Dolphins general manager Rick Spielman said yesterday he's been assured by owner Wayne Huizenga he will return in that role next season.
Fed raises key rate to 2, a 3-year high The Federal Reserve yesterday raised its key interest rate to the highest level in three years, suggesting more increases will follow as the economy gains strength.
Mass. legislators back work on embryonic stem cells Legislative leaders voiced new backing for embryonic stem-cell research yesterday, speaking out after Californians voted to spend \$3 billion to lure the companies and scientists engaged in the much-debated research.
Bills' patience paying off The savior? The Buffalo Bills have always thought so. Bills general manager and president Tom Donahoe believed if the organization was patient in waiting for Willis McGahee's rebuilt knee to respond, he would be a huge success.
Trade gap shrinks to \$51.6b WASHINGTON -- The US trade deficit shrank to \$51.6 billion in September, an improvement brought about as exports posted their best month on record.
Concord company recalls defibrillators A Concord company is recalling 10,000 automated external defibrillators because they didn't work properly and, at times, turned themselves on. Access CardioSystems Inc. is recalling defibrillators that are used by fire departments and hospitals around the nation. Some of the devices are currently in use, while others remained at distributors awaiting shipment.  quot;They're no longer in business. They can't correct ...
Bank's retirement plans face IRS audit CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- The Internal Revenue Service is auditing the 1998 and 1999 tax returns of Bank of America Corp.'s pension and 401(k) plans, which have been the subject of a class-action employee lawsuit. The nation's third-largest bank disclosed the audit in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing.
Retail rivals moving to town A town that hasn't had a grocery store for at least a decade may soon have two. A Super Stop  amp; Shop is set to open today on Plymouth Street in Halifax, and about a year from now, Wal-Mart expects to open a nearby ''supercenter quot; that would include a full-scale supermarket.
Retirees recycle passion into a new career It's a fall weekday, and retired Bedford residents Bob and Lee Evans are hard at work in their new career: leading mud-splattered, middle-aged suburbanites on mountain bikes over a root-laced trail through Chelmsford's Cranberry Bog Reservation.
Consumers flock to online shops E-commerce is looking healthy in the UK although the exact figures are in dispute.
Brazil Defeats Mexico 2-1 (AP) AP - Romario celebrated his retirement from international soccer by scoring two goals to give Brazil's 1994 World Cup team a 2-1 victory Wednesday night over Mexico's World Cup team from that year.
Is Syracuse Football on Permanent Slide? (AP) AP - The players hear it and so do the coaches. The perception is out there that Syracuse football is in a downward spiral.
New EU chief seeks rapid deal in budget haggle (AFP) AFP - The new European Commission hopes to exploit divisions among Europe's richest countries to push through an agreement on the EU's next medium-term spending round as early as next June, officials say.
Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his\political life and where biographers say he was born, will host\a military funeral for the Palestinian president on Friday\before he is buried in the West Bank, officials said.
Holiday Forecast: Continued Growth Of Online Sales (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When I ordered Christmas presents last week from L.L. Bean's 295-page holiday catalog, I broke my usual routine and did not call the company's toll-free line. Instead I visited the Web site because I thought it might offer bargains and be as quick as a phone call.
Former Prime Minister Named Leader of PLO (AP) AP - Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas, a critic of the most recent Palestinian uprising in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, was named leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization on Thursday within hours of the death of Yasser Arafat.
PeopleSoft Directors Reject Oracle's Offer (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The board of PeopleSoft Inc. yesterday rejected Oracle Corp.'s  #36;24-a-share hostile takeover bid as too cheap, but said it was open to a deal at a higher price.
Trying to Make the Pen as Mighty as the Keyboard Researchers are devising new (and hopefully better) ways to interact with Tablet PC's and other pen-based computers.
Spinach Power Adds Muscle to Batteries Using the photosynthesis of spinach to produce electric current.
PeopleSoft Rejects Oracle; Ellison Appeals To Shareholders He says he will walk away if the majority of shareholders don #39;t themselves sell to Oracle by Nov. 19. By Rick Whiting. PeopleSoft #39;s fate is in the hands of its shareholders.
Vodafone launches 3G services in Europe LONDON -- Cell phone giant Vodafone Group PLC, which has spent years struggling to recoup billions spent on 3G licences, finally launched the cutting-edge service Wednesday in much of Europe and introduced or beefed up its operation in a dozen other 
Harmony  #39;driven by shareholder value #39; The board and management of world number six gold miner Harmony are driven by value creation for Harmony shareholders, Harmony Chief Executive Bernard Swanepoel said in a letter released on Wednesday.
Testimony: Ovitz Was Denied Signing Bonus Michael Ovitz wanted a \$50 million signing bonus to become president of the Walt Disney Co., but the directors who eventually hired him were not willing 
Delta Outlines New Liquidity Requirements Delta Air Lines said on Monday it will need an additional USD\$135 million in liquidity in early 2006 to meet the requirements of certain financing agreements.
Merck CEO vows firm will survive Vioxx recall Merck  amp; Co. CEO Ray Gilmartin said the embattled drugmaker will  quot;absolutely survive quot; the fallout caused by its decision to pull the arthritis drug Vioxx off the 
Still awaiting Microsoft #39;s search entry Microsoft is expected to launch a beta version of its Web search technology on Thursday, with ambitions to catch up to rivals Google and Yahoo.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers launches the LIFEBOOK T4010 Fujitsu Siemens Computers, the leading international IT company, has introduced the LIFEBOOK T4010, its latest convertible notebook with a modular bay that weighs less than 2 kg and integrates the functions of a high-powered notebook with those of a 
Sprinter Young banned for life Sprinter Jerome Young, a central figure in a doping case that could cost the US relay team its gold medal from Sydney, was banned for life by the US Anti-Doping Agency yesterday following his second positive test for a banned drug.
NASCAR lifts its ban on liquor ads NASCAR lifted its ban on liquor ads Wednesday, opening the door for teams to be sponsored by distilled spirits.  quot;We felt the time was right, quot; NASCAR president Mike Helton said.
76ers: Williamson helps OBrien capture first home win PHILADELPHIA -- From all indications, this is going to be the year of living dangerously for the 76ers. As they have in their four previous games this season, the Sixers allowed the New Jersey Nets to build a big lead in the first half.
Dutch violence ends with the arrest of two Dutch police arrested two people after a violent 15-hour standoff at a house in the Hague, in which four officers were wounded by a hand grenade.
Train Crash Driver  #39;Had Two Or Three Seconds to Stop #39; The driver of the train which smashed into a car on a level crossing, killing seven people and injuring dozens of passengers, had just two or three seconds to brake 
Dollar Steady, Off Record Low Vs Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held more than a cent above  this week's record low on the euro on Thursday and traded near  a two-week high on the yen, with the market wary of protest  comments out of Europe about the euro's recent rise.
Oil Prices Fall on Signs of Rising Supply  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices eased on Thursday as  signs of strong supply on physical crude markets encouraged  dealers to take profits from a bounce in the previous session.
Sri Lanka rates rise unexpectedly Sri Lanka's central bank raises interest rates by half a percentage point, taking the financial markets by surprise.
Consumers flock to online shops Online shops look set to have a good Christmas as UK web-users get the online buying habit.
A DVD Burner Too Far? If you'd like to archive all of yesterday's footage to DVD before your VCR dies, Sony's DVDirect offers an easy, relatively affordable solution.
State won't recoup all lost jobs till '08 WESTBOROUGH -- Massachusetts faces several years of lackluster job growth unless innovations spur the state's listless economy, according to an economic forecast.
Hybrid Phones Keep Getting Smarter The big deal with the Treo 650 is its beautiful, sharp screen and a color liquid-crystal display that offers four times the resolution as the Treo 600's LCD.
A breed apart As a child, Adam Levesque would sit with his grandfather, watching televised nature documentaries featuring exotic animals in their natural habitats. These days, Levesque creates his own wild kingdoms in a Waltham office park with a few clicks of a computer mouse.
PeopleSoft rejects Oracle #39;s takeover bid again NEW YORK, November 11 (newratings.com) - PeopleSoft Inc (PSFT.NAS) has again rejected Oracle Corporation #39;s (ORCL)  quot;best and final quot; takeover bid, while urging its shareholders to reject Oracle #39;s \$24 per share tender offer as well.
Bank of Ireland Posts Rise in Profit The Bank of Ireland reported a 7.8 percent rise in half-year profits Thursday but also revealed a significant drop in investor confidence at its asset management unit.
Nation #39;s first hydrogen fuel pump opens The dilemma: Auto manufacturers have been reluctant to build fleets of hydrogen-powered vehicles before the existence of public hydrogen stations in the United States, while fuel 
Fee cuts take toll on stock exchange profits Cuts in listing fees forced by an Office of Fair Trading inquiry have left London Stock Exchange swallowing a 6 per cent fall in interim operating profits.
Vanunu arrested by Israeli police Israeli former nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu is arrested, seven months after release from jail.
Heating oil fears drive up crude Crude oil futures rose more than \$1 a barrel yesterday after the government reported that the nation's supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil, shrank for the eighth consecutive week.
Darfur camp raid 'unacceptable' US Secretary of State Colin Powell says he will pursue with Sudan an assault by security forces on a refugee camp.
Microsoft To Spoil Google  amp; Yahoo #39;s Search Party With the announcement of its new search engine, Microsoft is all geared to spoil the search engine party of Google and Yahoo. The software giant today released a beta version of its new MSN search service, claiming 
Are MS Idemnification Claims For Real? Microsoft Corp. announced today the expansion of its end-user intellectual property (IP) protection policy to cover customers using a wide range of current and earlier versions of its software.
Trojan invades Russian mobiles A TROJAN HORSE with a name that takes over a PC so that it sends SMS spam to mobile phones has been spotted in Russia. The Delf-HA Trojan contacts a Web site for details on which spam campaign to run and then 
Game on: Fans are fired up for release of Halo #39; sequel Three years is an eternity to wait for a sequel. Early Tuesday morn ing,  quot;Halo quot; fans received deliverance with the launch of  quot;Halo 2, quot; one of the most anticipated video games of all time.
NASA to Attempt Mach 10 Flight NASA will attempt to break the aircraft speed record next week by flying a jet plane at 7,000 mph, or nearly 10 times the speed of sound, say planners for the agency #39;s experimental X-43A project.
Intel nuances Itanium; Microsoft ignores it It #39;s no longer Sun Microsystems and IBM working to undermine the Itanium processor. Both the chip #39;s maker - Intel - and close software partner Microsoft are doing the dirty work now.
Philip Morris lab discovered passive smoking risk in 1982: Lancet PARIS (AFP) - A lab owned by US tobacco giant Philip Morris uncovered evidence in the early 1980s about potential risks from passive smoking but its findings were never made public, a study charges.
Gran Turismo 4 finished Sony Computer Entertainment held a party in Tokyo yesterday to celebrate the completion of Polyphony Digital #39;s long-awaited Gran Turismo 4, which is set for release in Japan - and, apparently, in North America - this December.
IBM drives Euro-supercomputer grid European researchers can now use a new supercomputing network to help them in their work.  quot;We have just completed testing, quot; said David Henty with the Edinburgh Parallel Computing Centre, a member 
Serena fights back, Davenport off to a flier in LA Serena Williams came back from a set and two breaks down to beat Anastasia Myskina 4-6 6-3 6-4 on the opening night of group play at the WTA Championships on Wednesday.
ONeill unhappy at Celtic Football Club defeat Martin ONeill felt Celtic Football Club should not have lost their lead in last nights Old Firm game. John Hartson gave the Bhoys a 1-0 lead midway through the second half but a late goal from Dado Prso 
Juventus beats Fiorentina 1-0, increases lead atop Serie A Uruguayan midfielder Ruben Olivera scored his first Serie A goal in the 72nd minute Wednesday to help Juventus increase its Italian league lead to six points with a 1-0 win over rival Fiorentina.
Alan Henry: British Grand Prix Ferrari sources have said unofficially that they will support the commercial arrangements agreed on Tuesday by the other nine formula one teams which should remove the last hurdle preventing the 2005 British grand prix from being confirmed on the final 
NASCAR OKs liquor sponsorships NASCAR returned to its roots Wednesday by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits.
Pires feels wrath of the France national coach IT RARELY pays for players publicly to question their coach or manager, and after criticising Raymond Domenech, the France coach, Robert Pires was yesterday dropped from the national squad to play Poland in a friendly on Wednesday.
Grizzlies find Lakers perfect cure for 0-4 start MEMPHIS, Tenn. - After four opening losses, the Memphis Grizzlies were reeling and irritable. The intensity and fastbreak offense that led them to a franchise-record 50 wins and first playoff appearance last season were missing.
Seminoles may have finally solved leadership puzzle When Alonzo Jackson had his much-publicized finger-pointing episode after a loss to Notre Dame two years ago, it became the impetus for Bobby Bowden #39;s decisions to close the locker-room doors 
SL vindicated over Murali The head of Sri Lanka Cricket has expressed relief and gratitude that Muttiah Muralitharan will be able to use his full weaponry under new laws.
'Huge' potential for gene therapy \Scientists have taken an important step towards a new way of treating disease by switching off key genes.
Current Quotations  quot;With him disappears the man of courage and conviction who, for 40 years, has incarnated the Palestinians #39; combat for recognition of their national rights.
Israeli police detain nuke whistleblower Vanunu Israeli police have detained nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu for questioning, a security source told Reuters without citing reasons.
20 dead in Russian hostel blaze AT LEAST 20 people had died in a fire which engulfed a hostel in a remote Siberian town, news agencies reported today. Rescuers have found 20 bodies in the charred remains of the hostel in Kyzyl, ITAR-TASS reported.
World Scene ABUJA, Nigeria - Sudan bowed to international pressure yesterday for a ban on military flights over the Darfur region, where 1.5 million people have been forced from their homes, and signed two landmark peace deals with rebels.
Author Chang found dead aged 36 Best-selling writer Iris Chang is found dead in her car in California with a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Japan chasing mystery submarine \Japan's navy keeps pace with an unidentified submarine spotted inside the country's waters on Wednesday.
Q A: What follows Arafat? The BBC News website looks at the key questions arising from the death of Yasser Arafat, the leader of the Palestinian cause for more than 40 years.
A Dreamer Who Forced His Cause Onto World Stage  For virtually his entire adult life, Yasser Arafat had one dream, and he pursued it with such energy and zeal -- some would say fanaticism -- that he came to personify the dream itself.
Cup draw serves up Gunners clash HOSTILITIES between Manchester United and Arsenal could well resume after the sides were paired in the quarter finals of the Carling Cup.
Brit deal  #39;one year only Even if British and French grands prix are held next year, negotiations will go back to square-one when a 2006 deal is mooted. Minardi #39;s Paul Stoddart said an eleventh hour teams #39; agreement to stage the voluntary 
US holds most of Fallujah as fight goes on FALLUJAH, Iraq -- US forces have seized control of up to 70 percent of this rebel stronghold, US and Iraqi officials said yesterday, as American and Iraqi troops battled insurgents along the city's main street and confronted isolated pockets of gunmen who had slipped back behind US lines.
Despite Tour Championship loss, Woods back to No. 2 in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHILADELPHIA, Pa. (Sports Network) -- Tiger Woods may have squandered a 54-hole lead for only the third time in his PGA Tour career Sunday at the Tour Championship, but his second-place finish was enough to 
Palestinians Attack Settlement After Arafat Dies  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants angry over Yasser  Arafat's death attacked a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip  on Thursday in what they said signaled the start of a new round  of clashes against Israel.
Milestone for 'land of the lemur' Madagascar moves to protect its remarkable biodiversity, more than trebling the area of forest and wetland in special reserves.
California Hangs on to Beat Southern Miss  HATTIESBURG, Miss. (Sports Network) - Thomas Decod blocked  a potential game-tying point after touchdown and Wendell Hunter  returned it for a two-point conversion as fourth-ranked  California hung on for a 26-16 win over Southern Mississippi at  M.M. Roberts Stadium.
Norway FM takes peace message to Tamil Tigers COLOMBO - Sri Lankas president Chandrika Kumaratunga offered to revive stalled peace talks with the Tamil Tigers in a message conveyed to rebels by Norways foreign minister Jan Petersen, her office said on Thursday.
MetLife plans debut sterling bond -leads MetLife Inc. (MET.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 1 US life insurer, plans to issue a debut sterling-denominated bond, joint bookrunners Deutsche Bank, HSBC and Royal Bank of Scotland said on Thursday.
Lawyers hold high noon in Marlboro Lights case SPRINGFIELD -- Lawyers squared off Wednesday over whether the Illinois Supreme Court should overturn the largest verdict for damages in the state #39;s history: a \$10.
Taiwan Chip Giant Seeks Strong Partnerships The head of the world #39;s largest contract chip manufacturer said Thursday it will cost an estimated \$1 billion (euro 776 million) for his company to develop the latest chip production technology.
Microsoft pushes search technology to market SEATTLE Microsoft launches Web search technology today that it hopes will give it a share of the market dominated by Google. The new search engine will initially be available only on a special test site.
Firefox 1.0 Makes Flashy Debut A decade ago, geeks greeted the release of Netscape #39;s new web browser with great anticipation. A similar sense of expectation surrounded each subsequent version of Netscape Navigator and, to a much lesser 
Google delivers POP3 Gmail Google will introduce POP3 (Post Office Protocol) support in the next few weeks for Gmail users, allowing them to download their email from the service using mail clients.
Passive smoking risk  #39;kept secret #39; A LAB owned by US tobacco giant Philip Morris uncovered evidence in the early 1980s about potential risks from passive smoking but its findings were never made public, a new study charges.
Euro supercomputer network boots up A new pan-European supercomputing network has opened to help scientists in the EU with their research.  quot;We have just completed testing, quot; said David Henty of the Edinburgh Parallel Computing Centre, a member 
IBM readies SME tools IBM will announced the pre-release of several tools for SMEs designed to speed development of solutions built on IBM middleware. The tools support the IBM Solutions Builder Express Portfolio, which provides 
American sprinter banned for life American sprinter Jerome Young was banned from competition for life Wednesday by the United States Anti-Doping Agency. For the second time, Young tested positive for a banned 
Booze boost to Nascar Nascar will allow liquor companies as sponsors for its Nextel Cup and other stock-car racing next season, ending a 30-year ban and creating a new funding source for racing teams.
France coach offers hope to Anelka France coach Raymond Domenech has insisted Nicolas Anelka remain in his plans, but not in the near future. Along with Arsenal #39;s Robert Pires, Anelka was left out of the national squad to face Poland in a friendly at the Stade de France on November 17.
Wolfpacks slim bowl hopes ride on beating Florida State tonight RALEIGH - Its about to strike midnight on North Carolina States football team unless it can deliver tonight. The Wolfpack is one loss away from elimination from bowl consideration when it plays its home finale against No.
Blair to push for Mid East peace BRITISH Prime Minster Tony Blair called for new efforts to revive the Middle East peace process today after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and just hours before he sets off to visit US President George W. Bush.
Report: Chinese fighter jets interfere with The Taiwanese president #39;s flight to an outlying island several weeks ago was diverted because 28 Chinese fighter jets were spotted in the area, a major Taiwanese newspaper reported Thursday.
Google #39;s index expands and Gmail goes POP In a posting on the company #39;s own blog on Wednesday, Bill Coughran, vice-president of engineering, announced that Google #39;s index now exceeds eight billion pages.
No charity at Nets #39; stripe A night after they managed to score a measly 64 points in a win over Portland, the Nets reached 100 in Philadelphia. But they still could not score when they needed to.
Taiwan offers to cut troops by 100,000 Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian Wednesday offered to cut the island #39;s troops by 100,000 to ease military tensions with mainland China.
Israel Arrests Nuke Whistleblower Vanunu for 'Leak' (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli police arrested nuclear\whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu on Thursday on suspicion of\spilling more state secrets seven months after he completed an\18-year prison term for treason.
Afghan UN Kidnappers Await Release of 26 Taliban (Reuters) Reuters - Kidnappers of three U.N. workers in\Afghanistan said on Thursday they expect the government to\release 26 Taliban prisoners in exchange for their hostages\before the Muslim Eid festival this weekend.
EBay Acquires Web Site From Netherlands (AP) AP - Online auction giant eBay Inc. has acquired the most popular classifieds Web site in the Netherlands for about  #36;290 million, the company announced.
Deutsche Telekom Boosts 3rd-Quarter Profit (AP) AP - German phone giant Deutsche Telekom AG said Thursday its third-quarter net profit jumped to 1.39 billion euros ( #36;1.73 billion) amid growth at its wireless and Internet businesses, and raised its full-year forecast.
Nigerian oil unions vow to disrupt crude exports (AFP) AFP - Nigeria's main oil unions said that their members will join next week's planned nationwide general strike and warned of disruptions in the country's exports of crude to the world market.
PeopleSoft rebuffs Oracle offer (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - CEO David Duffield says offer undervalues the software company; board touts growing license sales.
Blogs Fuel Election Fraud Fears Political scientists say the surprisingly high number of votes for President Bush in Florida can be explained by demographic trends -- it wasn't because of rigged voting machines. But the election process is so opaque that the conspiracy theories won't go away. By Kim Zetter.
Firefox 1.0 Makes Flashy Debut Mozilla's new web browser is smart, fast and user-friendly while offering a slew of advanced, customizable functions. By Michelle Delio.
NASA to Attempt Mach 10 Flight Engineers for the space agency's experimental X-43A project prepare to break the aircraft speed record. But the hypersonic jet flight could be NASA's last. By Amit Asaravala.
These Traffic Numbers Are Real Tens of thousands of web publishers are too small to show up on industry-standard traffic reports, so they can't attract advertisers. But I/Pro, a small traffic-auditing firm, says it can change all that. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Fancy Express to Nowhere Sure, there's the slick technology and stunning visuals, but the animated Polar Express doesn't do the book any favors. By Jason Silverman.
Has TiVo Forsaken Us? Sometime in the next few months, your machine will quietly download a patch that makes it respond to a new copy-protection scheme from software maker Macrovision. By Lucas Graves from Wired magazine.
Britain #39;s Black Watch Back in Basra, Will Leave Iraq This Month Britain #39;s Black Watch regiment, deployed to back up US forces outside Baghdad since the end of October, has returned to its base in Basra in southern Iraq, said a UK defense ministry spokesman.
Show Time for Stem-Cell Science It's time to get down to business for stem-cell scientists and administrators after the tremendous boost they received from the passage of California's Proposition 71. Two advisory board appointments have been made; there are 25 to go. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Diebold to Settle E-Voting Suit The company will pony up \$2.6 million to settle a lawsuit over allegedly flawed electronic voting systems it sold to California counties. Surprise: E-vote activists still aren't happy.
WTO rules against US gambling ban The WTO case was brought by the Caribbean state of Antigua and Barbuda, host to many of the online casinos whose use is illegal in the US.
Cisco Stock Falls on Tech Spending Concerns Shares of technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell more than 6 percent on Wednesday, as the company #39;s disappointing revenue outlook 
Mixed response to Louisiana #39;s first US soybean rust cases After decades of spreading the fungus across the globe, the wind was expected to bring soybean rust to the United States to threaten crop production and carry a hefty 
EBay buying Dutch Web site EBay Inc., the world #39;s largest online marketplace, said Thursday it was buying Marktplaats.nl, a Dutch classified advertising Web site, for about \$290 million in cash.
Microsoft readies new search engine A new battle in the multibillion-dollar online search war begins today as software giant Microsoft unveils a test version of its new search engine, looking remarkably like one of its chief rivals, Google.
Open-source browser set for challenge A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer.
Microsoft Passes on Itanium Microsofts upcoming Windows for clustered computers operating system will not support Intels powerful Intanium 2 chipset according to News.
With  #39;Scramjet, #39; NASA Shoots for Mach 10 They call it a  quot;scramjet, quot; an engine so blindingly fast that it could carry an airplane from San Francisco to Washington, DC, in about 20 minutes -- or even quicker.
Sneaker makers bank on high-tech Sneaker makers are selling a new wave of technologically advanced athletic shoes, in hopes of bringing back the age of the \$100-plus sneaker.
BYTE OF THE APPLE Apple (AAPL ) CEO Steve Jobs has always approached his job with the zeal and showmanship of a populist politician. Jobs has another attribute common to the political classes, namely that even 
New SMB Tools Hit IBM AlphaWorks Site IBM Wednesday released new SMB tools on its emerging technology Web site to help customers deal with compliance issues as well as enable Business Partners to build solutions on WebSphere Express software.
Showalter, Cox voted managers of the year Buck Showalter won his first American League Manager of the Year award 10 years ago after leading the New York Yankees back into contention.
Celtics 90 Trail Blazers 88 Pierce returned after taking a hit in the mouth during the final minute. He played with a mouth guard following seven hours of dental surgery after being hit with an elbow during Saturday #39;s win at New York.
Bout vs. Holyfield puts Donald in the spotlight The first time Larry Donald told his buddies he was fighting four-time heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield, they thought he was kidding.
Palestinians attack settlement after Arafat dies Palestinian militants angry over Yasser Arafat #39;s death have attacked a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip in what they said signalled the start of a new round of clashes against Israel.
N.Korea urged to resume talks next month The United States has conveyed a proposal to North Korea to resume six-nation talks on its nuclear drive next month, South Korean officials said Thursday.
Thousands in Kashmir Protest Alleged Rape Police in Kashmir fired tear gas and used batons Wednesday to disperse thousands of people protesting the alleged rape of a woman and her daughter by soldiers.
World ; Tamil Tigers forcibly recruit child soldiers: report World News, New York,Sri Lanka #39;s Tamil Tiger guerrillas have recruited thousands of child soldiers despite signing a peace pact in February 2002, Human Rights watch said in a report released Thursday.
&lt;cite&gt;We&lt;/cite&gt; seize servers, &lt;cite&gt;you&lt;/cite&gt; can't complain - US gov &lt;strong&gt;Indymedia seizures&lt;/strong&gt; Site owners have 'no standing'
Hamas warns against leadership that excludes it The Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) warned on Thursday that any preparations to form a new Palestinian leadership without the participation of Hamas would be illegal.
Israel re-arrests whistleblower Vanunu Nuclear whistle blower Mordechai Vanunu was arrested today for allegedly revealing classified information, seven months after he completed an 18-year prison sentence for treason, police said.
President and Foreign Minister express condolences on death of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Finnish President Tarja Halonen and the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Erkki Tuomioja (SDP), have expressed condolences to the family of President Yasser Arafat and to all Palestinians.
Iran says will give response on nuclear deal soon TEHERAN - Iran will probably give its formal response on Thursday to Britain, France and Germany on whether it will agree to a suspension of some of its nuclear activities in order to avoid possible UN sanctions, a top official told AFP.
Charles Kartman to Visit Pyongyang, North Korea Japan #39;s Asahi Shimbun reported from Washington on Thursday that Charles Kartman, executive director of the Korean Energy Development Organization (KEDO), would make a four-day trip to Pyongyang beginning Saturday.
Taiwan denies President Chen #39;s plane targeted by Chinese fighter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TAIPEI: Taiwanese authorities have denied reports that President Chen Shui-bian #39;s plane was targeted by Chinese fighter jets when he was flying over the Taiwan Strait.
Tamil Tigers contact Sri Lankan president The chief of Sri Lanka #39;s Tamil Tiger rebels sent an unexpected message to the country #39;s president via Norwegian peace brokers on Thursday, offering ways to revive stalled peace talks aimed at ending a two-decade civil war.
2nd round of talks on Darfur concludes The second round of talks between the Sudanese government and two rebel groups on the Darfur crisis concluded on Wednesday in the Nigerian capital Abuja, China Radio International reported Thursday.
Stocks Headed Higher; Fed Outlook Pleases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose on Thursday,  pointing to a higher market open, as oil prices fell toward \$48  a barrel and Wall Street seemed encouraged that the Federal  Reserve would not accelerate its pace of interest rate hikes.
Palestinians Pour Out Grief Over Arafat's Death  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians streamed into  the streets of the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Thursday in an  outpouring of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the  enduring symbol of their nationalist cause.
Only Injury Can Stop Peerless Federer at Masters Cup  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Last season, Roger Federer left  Houston not even the top-ranked player of the year.
Jones to Buy Barneys in \$400 Mln Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mid-priced clothing retailer and maker  Jones Apparel Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNY.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday it was buying  Barneys New York Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNNY.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BNNY.OB&lt;/A&gt; in a deal worth \$400 million as  a move to expand into luxury apparel retailing.
Blockbuster Interested in Hollywood Chain  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Blockbuster Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBI.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. video rental chain, on Thursday said it has contacted  Hollywood Entertainment Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLYW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLYW.O&lt;/A&gt; about acquiring its top  rival for \$700 million.
Cisco reports record profit but outlook disappoints For the second quarter in a row, No. 1 network-gear maker Cisco (CSCO) reported record profit but saw some signs of economic weakness.
Vodafone launches music 3G and its handsets make a step to answer the need for all-in-one mobile media devices. The company expects 3G to begin gaining mass market 
First case of soybean rust in US 11/11/2004 - The US Department of Agriculture #39;s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service yesterday confirmed the presence of the countrys first case of soybean rust, found on soybean leaf samples taken from two plots in Louisiana.
Blockbuster Interested in Hollywood Chain Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US video rental chain, on Thursday said it has contacted Hollywood Entertainment Corp.
Tiffany 3rd-Qtr Profit Falls to \$20.8 Mln; Sales in Japan Drop Tiffany  amp; Co., the No. 1 US luxury jewelry retailer, said third-quarter earnings fell to \$20.8 million as sales declined in Japan, the company #39;s second-biggest market.
Coke Cuts Long-Term Earns, Volume Targets Soft drink giant Coca-Cola Co. (KO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , stung by a prolonged downturn in North America and other markets, announced on Thursday that it was lowering key long-term earnings and sales targets.
Big leaks in Big Dig tunnels irk bigwigs The Big Dig is riddled with leaks that are dumping millions of gallons of water into the \$14.6 billion tunnel system, according to an engineer hired to investigate the cause of a massive leak in September.
Update 2: Germany #39;s Lufthansa Posts 3Q Profit German airline Lufthansa posted a euro125 million (US\$155 million) net profit in the third quarter, more than making up losses from a year ago thanks to stronger demand for air travel, the company said Thursday.
Bank of Ireland profit up Bank of Ireland has reported a 5 percent rise in first-half profits, in line with predictions made in its September trading update, and says it is confident about the outlook for the full year.
Tiffany Earnings Fall  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Luxury jeweler Tiffany   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TIF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TIF.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said quarterly profit fell 26 percent, hurt by  lackluster sales in Japan and higher costs for precious metals  and diamonds.
Microsoft unveils new internet search engine Microsofts first search technology went live on Wednesday. The software giant claims that the preliminary or beta version of its MSN Search stands out from other search engines because it offers more 
Gmail starts to download messages Google will gradually roll out Pop3 support over the coming weeks to Gmail users, allowing them to download e-mail messages from Gmail servers to e-mail applications.
Boeing and Northrop Grumman forge space alliance Boeing and Northrop Grumman have inked a memorandum of agreement which will see the two aerospace giants join forces to compete for the contract to build NASA #39;s Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) - part of the Agency #39;s Constellation project to send robotic 
French competition body rejeccts #39; open iPod #39; claim The French Competition Council has rejected Virgin France #39;s claim that Apple #39;s FairPlay technology should be licensed to other companies #39; online music stores.
New Trojan Virus Sends Spam to Russian Mobile Phones A new Trojan virus has appeared in Russian that hijacks PCs and sends spam via SMS text messages to mobile phones. After infecting a PC, the Delf-HA Trojan sends spam to the St.
Microsoft offers indemnification for all Microsoft Corp has upped the ante in its claims to offer better intellectual property indemnification than Linux vendors by extending to all end users its IP protection policy, which was previously only available to volume licensing customers.
Skype  amp; Siemens Bring Wireless VoIP Siemens have announced the availability of a range of handsets that works with (Voice over IP) VoIP software, Skype. Simply by plugging the a USB adapter in to a computer running an updated version of Skype 
EC delivers ContentGuard concerns The European Commission has formally notified Microsoft Corp and Time Warner Inc of its objections to the companies #39; proposed joint ownership of ContentGuard Inc.
USADA bans Jerome Young for life after second doping violation The decision by the US Anti-Doping Agency comes after the Fort Worth runner #39;s second positive test for an illegal steroid. The former 400-meter world champion tested positive for the banned drug EPO at a meet in July.
Silent Assassin What more does a player like Retief Goosen need to do to be taken seriously? By Jim Gorant. Goosen has quietly moved up to fourth in the World Ranking.
Winning  #39;no matter #39; to Pakistan Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq said taking part was more important than winning ahead of Pakistan #39;s first match in India for over five years.
Distilled spirits can sponsor NASCAR NASCAR, a sport whose history was built upon the backs on moonshine runners in the Southeast in the 1940s, returned to its roots somewhat Wednesday when it announced it would 
Sixers, Cavaliers win in overtime Allen Iverson hit the tying jumper with 7.2 seconds left in regulation, and Corliss Williamson scored 7 of his 15 points in overtime to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-100 victory Wednesday night over the visiting New Jersey Nets.
Jefferson unfazed by Clarett #39;s barbs com. Ohio State head coach Jim Tressel talks with running back Maurice Clarett during the 2002 Michigan game. With apologies to immortal running back Red Grange, at least 
Romario scores twice in  quot;Grand Farewell quot; friendly Romario scored twice as Brazil beat Mexico 2-1 in Los Angeles on Wednesday in a match tagged as the  quot;Grand Farewell quot; to the famed Brazilian striker.
FOOTBALL: I THOUGHT A SEMI-FINAL SPOT WAS IN BAG AFTER WE SCORED MARTIN O #39;NEILL reckoned Celtic were set to continue Rangers #39; run of misery in Old Firm showdowns. O #39;Neill was convinced that John Hartson #39;s 66th-minute header might just be enough to clinch a place in the last four of the CIS Cup.
Afghan women offer to take place of UN hostages A group of 20 Afghan women offered on Thursday to take the place of three foreign UN workers held hostage for the past two weeks by a Taliban splinter group.
Minnelli faces sex claim in court Singer Liza Minnelli's ex-bodyguard accuses her of forcing him to have sex with her to keep his job.
BearingPoint Chief Blazer Quits; No Reason Given BearingPoint Inc. chairman and chief executive Randolph C. Blazer resigned abruptly yesterday after leading the McLean consulting firm for more than four years.
Dot-Com Back: Varsity Group Turns the Corner Inside    Varsity Group Inc. 's 11th-floor headquarters in the District, clutter twentysomethings in jeans are doubled and tripled up in small offices. A rear wall is about to be knocked down to make more room. For the first time in four years, the e-commerce company is bursting at the seams.
Internal Investigation Delays WebMethods' Quarterly SEC Filing WebMethods Inc. said yesterday it has delayed filing its quarterly financial results because an employee in one of its international subsidiaries has raised concerns about some of its business dealings.
Microsoft Debuts Own Web Search Technology Microsoft Corp. finally debuted its own Web search technology on Thursday, hoping to challenge Google Inc.'s long dominance of the field with results tailored to a user's location and answers from its Encarta encyclopedia.
Firefox Browser Alternative to Microsoft Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape's pioneering browser. That doesn't seem to have bothered the developers of the Mozilla Firefox, a feisty new kid on the block that's worth a serious look.
Robot Is Pivotal Member of the Force The youngest, smallest member of the Virginia State Police bomb squad can fearlessly pick up an unidentified bomb, walk into a tense hostage situation and hand a cell phone to a gunman. And he requires no food, water, insurance benefits or sleep.
Disease raises fears for plants Trees and plants are to be cut down in woodland near Redruth in southwest England after the discovery of a new disease.
MPs warn over rusty ship disposal Britain's old ships are being dismantled in "unacceptable" conditions in the developing world, an MPs' committee says.
Huge potential for gene therapy \Scientists have taken an important step towards a new way of treating disease by switching off key genes.
Fed raises rates another quarter-point The Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates a quarter-point for the fourth time in five months Wednesday, extending its campaign to keep inflation in check after the economy showed impressive job growth over the past three months.
PeopleSoft to reject Oracle #39;s  #39;best and final #39; offer Oracle said today that it has learned that PeopleSoft will reject its \$8.8bn, \$24 a share,  quot;best and final quot; cash tender offer.
Vodafone launches new 3G phones Vodafone has ushered in a new era in mobile communications with the launch of 3G (third generation) services in 13 countries, including the UK.
Fungus poses soybean threat A fungus capable of damaging soybean crops has arrived in the United States for the first time, causing concern among northeast Indianas agriculture industry that the fungus could spread here as soon as next summer.
Sold to eBay: Dutch Classified Site eBay (Quote, Chart) has acquired a popular online classifieds Web site in the Netherlands, the company said Wednesday. The San Jose, Calif.
Bechtel #39;s big headache Boston #39;s Big Dig, a new system of freeway tunnels beneath the city and its harbor, has started springing leaks, and Massachusetts officials say San Francisco #39;s Bechtel Corp.
Update 3: Lufthansa Posts Third-Quarter Profit German airline Lufthansa posted a 125 million euro (\$155 million) net profit in the third quarter, more than making up losses from a year ago thanks to stronger demand for air travel, the company said Thursday.
Bank of Ireland profits up 6 Bank of Ireland has announced that profits before tax were up 6 from 670m in the six months to the end of September last year to 713m this year.
Boston Highway Project Said Full of Leaks BOSTON - The Big Dig - Boston #39;s newly opened \$14.6 billion highway tunnel project - has a seriously flawed wall that contractors knew about as early as 1999, and is riddled with hundreds of smaller leaks, consultants reported in another embarrassment for 
Jones to Buy Barneys in  #36;400 Mln Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Mid-priced clothing retailer and maker\Jones Apparel Group Inc.  said on Thursday it was buying\Barneys New York Inc.  in a deal worth  #36;400 million as\a move to expand into luxury apparel retailing.
Only Injury Can Stop Peerless Federer at Masters Cup &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Last season, Roger Federer leftHouston not even the top-ranked player of the year.&lt;/p&gt;
Blockbuster Interested in Hollywood Chain (Reuters) Reuters - Blockbuster Inc. , the largest\U.S. video rental chain, on Thursday said it has contacted\Hollywood Entertainment Corp.  about acquiring its top\rival for  #36;700 million.
Cox Voted NL Manager of the Year Bobby Cox, who guided the Atlanta Braves to an unprecedented 13th consecutive division title, was elected National League Manager of the Year in balloting by the Baseball Writers #39; Association of America.
Clarett, Ohio St. both flunked The Maurice Clarett who appears on the pages of ESPN the Magazine should never have had trouble getting A #39;s and B #39;s in college.
Cricket: Sri Lanka says ICC ruling buries Muralitharan controversy COLOMBO : Sri Lanka #39;s cricket governing body welcomed the new bowling rules of the International Cricket Council (ICC), saying the decision will finally end the controversy over Muttiah Muralitharan #39;s action.
Tiffany Earnings Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Luxury jeweler Tiffany   Co.  on\Thursday said quarterly profit fell 26 percent, hurt by\lackluster sales in Japan and higher costs for precious metals\and diamonds.
Blockbuster Offers to Buy Hollywood Chain  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Blockbuster Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBI.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. video rental chain, on Thursday said it has contacted  Hollywood Entertainment Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLYW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLYW.O&lt;/A&gt; about acquiring its top  rival for \$700 million.
Tiffany Profit Falls on Weak Japan Sales High-end jewelry retailer Tiffany  amp; Co. said Thursday that third-quarter profit fell 26 percent to miss Wall Street expectations by 5 cents per share, due to weak Japan sales, high diamond and precious metal 
Trading spurt lifts London Stock Exchange turnover The London Stock Exchange says first-half turnover rose as trading activity on its electronic platform grew despite mixed market conditions.
France rules Apple #39;s DRM denial not anti-competition The French government #39;s competition watchdog this week dismissed a complaint brought by VirginMega, which alleged Apple #39;s refusal to license FairPlay ran contrary to French anti-trust law.
 #39;Murder game #39; is making a killing A CONTROVERSIAL video game developed by a city company and described by critics as a  quot;murder simulator quot; has become the fastest selling title ever to hit the shelves in the UK.
EU lays out objections to ContentGuard deal The European Commission has set out its formal objections to Microsoft and Time Warner taking control of digital rights management company ContentGuard Holdings.
US: NASCAR lifts spirits ad ban Diageo, the world #39;s leading premium drinks business, has announced one of the company #39;s spirits brands would participate in the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) for the first time ever beginning with the 2005 NASCAR Nextel Cup season 
A look at top games and assorted other notes in Week 14: No. 10 Virginia Tech (9-2) at No. 9 Miami (8-2): 1 pm today. TV: WTAE. ... Virginia Tech wins the ACC outright and the automatic BCS bid with a win.
TiVo hacks flourish Voided warranty, electrocution, the wrath of Hollywood--so what? Nothing seems to hinder the TiVo hacker.
IOS glitch leaves some Cisco gear open to attack A software vulnerability in some Cisco Systems Inc. routers and switches could allow an attacker to cause the devices to hang, the vendor warned this week.
World Recalls Arafat the Icon, Hopes for Peace (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands poured onto Palestinian\streets to mourn Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders\praised him as an icon of his people's struggle whose death\could usher in a new Middle East peace drive.
Dignitaries Expected at Arafat's Funeral (AP) AP - The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian planners and other officials.
Oracle's 'best and final' offer rejected (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - PeopleSoft's board of directors rejected Oracle's  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid Wednesday, thrusting the business software maker's fate in the hands of its shareholders.
And that #39;s a wrap for Hokiesand QBRandall The Virginia Tech quarterback connected with Eddie Royal for a 39-yard pass early in the fourth quarter that would provide the winning margin in a 16-10 triumph over Miami, wrapping up the ACC championship 
Fed raises its key rate to 2, traders expect another hike In a meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee Wednesday, the policy makers fulfilled the expectations of the analysts announcing a quarter-point rise in its target for the Federal funds Rate, bringing it 2 from 1.75, the highest level since November 
Crude futures hover around \$49 mark Singapore: Crude futures stayed close to the US\$49 mark in Asia today, amid renewed fears that heating oil supplies may not meet demand for the coming Northern Hemisphere winter.
Coca-Cola Revises Financial Targets ATLANTA - Coca-Cola Co. will damp growth prospects for next year and outline plans to increase  quot;marketing and innovation expenses quot; by as much as \$400 million on an annual basis when management speaks to analysts and investors later Thursday.
UPDATE 2-Adriano crushes Messina, Milan in Parma comeback Late goals from Brazilian Kaka and midfielder Andrea Pirlo gave AC Milan a 2-1 win at lowly Parma in Serie A on Saturday. Brazilian Adriano hit a devastating first half 
New Intel Itanium Inside Unisys, HP Servers Itanium #39;s goals, which were lofty when the new architecture was first announced, have come down to reality. Instead of touting the 64-bit Itanium 2 as the sole architecture of the future, Intel 
Manchester United 2, Crystal Palace 0 Sir Alex Ferguson could not resist a wry smile after learning his Manchester United side had been paired with arch-rivals Arsenal in the last eight of the Carling Cup.
Clarett, Owens best seen but not heard CONSIDER THE SOURCE. That #39;s always good advice when evaluating a dispute, and never more true than in recent football developments.
Raptors big men key in ending Jazz win streak The Utah Jazz knew they were going to lose sometime, they just didn #39;t think it would be to guys named Chris Bosh and Loren Woods.
Forces find hostage  quot;slaughterhouses quot; in Fallujah Iraqi troops have found  quot;hostage slaughterhouses quot; in Fallujah where foreign captives were held and killed, the commander of Iraqi forces in the city said Wednesday.
Bullets, Tears, Hopes of Peace After Arafat's Death  LONDON (Reuters) - Firing bullets into the air and weeping,  thousands of people streamed into Palestinian streets to mourn  Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders praised him as a  symbol of his people's struggle for statehood.
Aboriginal welfare plans cause stir An Australian government rethink of its welfare system for Aborigines sparks widespread controversy.
Blue chip lowers long-term growth targets NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Coca-Cola Co. said Thursday it anticipates weakness in several key markets in 2005 and lowered long-term targets for both volume and operating income growth.
Blockbuster seeks to buy Hollywood Entertainment NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Blockbuster Inc. wants to acquire rival Hollywood Entertainment for \$700 million in a move that would broaden Blockbuster #39;s standing as the world #39;s largest movie rental company.
D.Telekom sees DSL, US growing higher in Q4 Europe #39;s biggest phone carrier Deutsche Telekom (DTEGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) expects customer growth in its high-speed Internet business and at its US mobile business to accelerate in the fourth quarter compared with the 
US Airways to Keep Flying Most Planes US Airways Group Inc. said Thursday has reached agreements with its lenders and lessors for continued use and operation of substantially all of its mainline and Express fleet.
Gold Fields loses high court bid to halt Harmony takeover JOHANNESBURG : South African mining giant Gold Fields lost a high court bid to halt a hostile takeover by rival Harmony Gold, which is seeking to create the world #39;s biggest gold producer, a court official said.
Shell Executive:Hydrogen Fuel Station In DC Is Just The Start NEW YORK - The hydrogen fuel station for fuel-cell vehicles that opened Wednesday in Washington, DC, is intended to bring the technology to the attention of lawmakers and show its usefulness and safety for retail use, said Jeremy Bentham, chief executive 
Hollinger International Has Spent \$46.3 Million on Black Probe Hollinger International Inc., publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, said it spent \$46.3 million this year on an internal investigation of former Chief Executive Conrad Black and others.
Hong Kong #39;s De Facto Bank Matches Hike Hong Kong #39;s de facto central bank on Thursday raised its key rate by a quarter of a percentage point to 3.50 percent, matching the latest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.
New MSN Search - down Yesterday, thanks to judicious leaks from Bill and the Boyz, the media splashed Microsoft to launch MSN Search and today, thanks to Microsoft #39;s official announcement, it #39;s Microsoft launches MSN Search.
Major telcos tout Wi-Fi roaming pact Wi-Fi hotspot owners BT Openzone, Singapore #39;s StarHub, Malaysia #39;s maxis, Japan #39;s NTT Com, T-Mobile, Australia #39;s Telstra and Telecom Italia have entered into a broad roaming agreement to allow each company #39;s customers to access the others #39; networks.
Reebok Revives Pump Sneaker The shoe features an air chamber that molds itself to the shape of the wearer #39;s foot. But unlike its Pump predecessor, the new shoe inflates itself automatically.
Intel #39;s running out of Itanium options Suppose you threw a party and no-one came? Intel has put the streamers out, the sandwiches have had the crusts cut off and the punch bowl is full.
Evolution Warning Labels On Books Challenged In Court Playing fair, or promoting religion? Parents, civil liberty advocates and suburban-Atlanta school officials are in federal court over the issue of warning stickers on science textbooks.
Caborn urges motor sports to seize F1 opportunity The survival of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone represents a major incentive for the British motor sports industry to secure its international reputation, Sports Minister Richard Caborn this morning claimed.
Warne says new ICC rules on chucking could cause confusion Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne said Thursday a new proposal on bowling deliveries in cricket - brought about by the  quot;chucking quot; controversy involving Sri Lanka #39;s Muttiah Muralitharan - could cause confusion for umpires.
Sainz takes parting shot at world rally set-up Spanish motor rally legend Carlos Sainz took a gentle swipe at the state of the world championship on Thursday after his glorious career ended with a whimper.
Phoenix Suns Team Report - November 11 (Sports Network) - The Suns fell in overtime to the Cleveland Cavaliers, 114-109, on Wednesday at Gund Arena. Shawn Marion paced six Phoenix players in double figures with 22 points and Quentin Richardson had 21.
NASCAR lifts liquor sponsorships UNDATED NASCAR has lifted its ban on hard-liquor ads on cars, easing restrictions aimed at cleaning up the image of a sport that traces its roots to good ol #39; boys running moonshine through the hills of Georgia and the Carolinas.
New Jersey Nets Team Report - November 11 (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets were defeated by the Philadelphia 76ers, 108-100, in overtime on Wednesday at the Wachovia Center.
Los Angeles Clippers Team Report - November 11 (Sports Network) - Elton Brand scored a game-high 19 points and hauled down 16 rebounds, while Bobby Simmons netted 18 as the Los Angeles Clippers routed the Indiana Pacers, 102-68, on Wednesday at Conseco Fieldhouse.
MLB All-Stars beaten again in Japan Sapporo, Japan (Sports Network) - Daisuke Matsuzaka went the distance on a five-hitter to lead Japan to a 5-1 victory over the Major League Baseball All- Stars in the sixth of an eight-game exhibition series.
Hoosier hunter injured in deer attack NORTH VERNON, Ind. -- A 69-year-old bowhunter was treated for injuries he said he suffered during a wrestling match with an angry deer.
Shuttlesworth resigns as president of SCLC The Reverend Fred Shuttlesworth, a native of Birmingham, says he is resigning from his position as president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
Troops to Evacuate Britons from Ivory Coast British forces are to carry out an evacuation of British nationals from the strife-torn west African state of Ivory Coast, it was announced today.
Iran Will Likely Freeze Nuke Enrichment-Official A senior Iranian official said on Thursday he was optimistic Iran would halt its uranium enrichment program as Europe demands, in a move aimed 
Coca-Cola Cuts Long-Term Earnings Targets  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Soft drink giant Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;,  stung by a prolonged downturn in North America and other  markets, announced on Thursday that it was lowering key   long-term earnings and sales targets.
Philip Morris Hid Link to Research Facility - Study (Reuters) Reuters - Philip Morris, one of the world's\leading tobacco manufacturers, was involved in research into\the health effects of smoking 30 years ago but did not reveal\data on the dangers of passive smoking, scientists said on\Thursday.
Target Posts Higher Quarterly Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Target Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TGT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TGT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  discount retailer, on Thursday posted a higher quarterly  profit, boosted by stronger sales and gains from the sale of  its Mervyn's department store chain.
Oil Falls on Signs of Rising Crude Supply  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices eased on Thursday as  signs of strong supply on physical crude markets encouraged  dealers to take profits from a bounce in the previous session.
Jones to Buy Barneys in \$400 Million Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jones Apparel Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNY.N&lt;/A&gt;, a  mid-priced clothing retailer and maker, said on Thursday it was  buying Barneys New York Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNNY.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BNNY.OB&lt;/A&gt; in a deal worth \$400  million as a move to expand into luxury apparel retailing.
Global Markets: Shares, Dollar Rise  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares rose to fresh 6-1/2  month highs on Thursday as the dollar firmed and oil eased from  \$49 a barrel while poor German economic growth data buoyed  bonds.
Steroid users will get slap on wrist Who is Barry Bonds trying to kid? The San Francisco Giants #39; slugger, who in 2001 whacked 73 home runs to set a new, single-season record, reportedly told investigators that he unknowingly took 
US Air to Keep Flying Most of Its Planes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt;,  which filed for bankruptcy protection in September, on Thursday  said it reached agreements with its lenders and lessors that  will let it keep flying most of its planes.
Spitzer Find Warmth in Heart of Darkness (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA's infrared eyes are probing the beginnings of both stars and planets.  In two separate observations, the Spitzer Space Telescope has uncovered the warm glow from a possible stellar infant and an icy disk where planets may one-day form.
Quantum Astronomy: The Double Slit Experiment (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - This is a series of four articles each with a separate explanation of different phenomena. Each of the four articles is a piece of a mosaic and so every one is needed to understand the final explanation of the quantum astronomy experiment we will be proposing to do possibly using the Allen Array Telescope and the narrow-band radio-wave detectors being build by the SETI Institute and the University of California, Berkeley.
Blockbuster Offers to Buy Hollywood Chain &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CHICAGO (Reuters) - Blockbuster Inc. &lt;BBI.N&gt;, the largest\U.S. video rental chain, on Thursday said it has contacted\Hollywood Entertainment Corp. &lt;HLYW.O&gt; about acquiring its top\rival for \$700 million.&lt;/p&gt;
Elizabeth Edwards' Cancer Has Not Spread (AP) AP - A biopsy has shown that a lump in Elizabeth Edwards' breast has not spread, a family spokesman said, as the wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards commenced chemotherapy.
Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat  CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, on  Thursday prepared a funeral for the Palestinian president, who  was declared dead in Paris in the early morning.
Palestinians mourn their leader Palestinians mourn the death of Yasser Arafat, their leader of 40 years - Israel sees a new chance for peace.
Falluja troops under heavy fire US marines come under sustained attack from several directions in their makeshift HQ in the Iraqi city of Falluja.
Zimbabwe 'faces food shortages' MPs say Zimbabwe will run out of food before next year's harvest, despite government assurances.
Stocks Open Higher; Fed Offers Relief (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks opened higher on Thursday,\with oil prices slipping on signs of strong supplies and Wall\Street encouraged that the Federal Reserve seemed unlikely to\accelerate the pace of interest rate hikes.
SL vindicated over Muralitharan Sri Lanka Cricket says efforts to convince the ICC Muttiah Muralitharan's bowling action was legitimate have paid off.
Microsoft launches search engine (AFP) AFP - Microsoft launched its own Internet search engine in a move aimed at challenging market leaders Google and Yahoo.
Germany's carnival season bursts into life (AFP) AFP - Thousands of people in costume took to the streets of western Germany as the annual carnival season started with a series of events that will go on until February.
BT's Net Profit Increases 14 Percent in 2Q (AP) AP - BT Group PLC, Britain's largest phone company, reported a 14 percent increase in second quarter net profit on Thursday, as growth in mobile telecommunications, broadband and IT services outweighed more declines in its traditional residential telecoms revenue base.
U.S. Beats South Korea in Under-19 Soccer (AP) AP - The defending champion United States defeated South Korea 3-0 at the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship on Thursday behind goals from Angie Woznuk, Amy Rodriguez and Sheree Gray.
Microsoft Rolls Out MSN Search Beta (PC World) PC World - Software giant says the final version will be available next year.
High court to hear wine case Juanita Swedenburg first planted grapes 24 years ago to help pay the taxes on her 130-acre Valley View Farm near Middleburg in the heart of Virginia #39;s hunt country.
ATA to cut most of its Chicago flights Low-fare airline ATA has announced plans to lay off hundreds of employees and to drop most of its flights out of Midway Airport in Chicago.
Twins keep US alive in Davis Cup finals SEVILLE, Spain  There was one final thing to do before dispatching Spain #39;s doubles team of Juan Carlos Ferrero and Tommy Robredo on Saturday at Estado Olimpico.
Junk mailers get the human touch Online criminals are getting better at targeting people's sensibility to hack into their computers.
Rogers Communications moves to take back full ownership of Rogers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Rogers Communications Inc. is proposing a share exchange to take back the 11 per cent of Rogers Wireless that it does not already own.
Coca-Cola Cuts Long-Term Earnings Targets Soft drink giant Coca-Cola Co. (KO), stung by a prolonged downturn in North America and other markets, announced on Thursday that it was lowering key long-term earnings and sales targets.
Bowser sales pump Coles SHARES in Coles Myer raced to another record high yesterday as chief executive John Fletcher forecast double-digit sales growth for 2004-05 after a barnstorming start to the financial year.
US Airways To Maintain Most of Fleet, United Bidding Out Regional &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NOVEMBER 11, 2004 -- Bankrupt US Airways this morning said it had reached agreements with lenders and lessors to continue operating nearly all of its mainline and US Airways Express fleets.
Intel Readies Centrino-Style Push for Desktops  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; will unveil  next year a bundle of chips designed for home entertainment  computers, and support the move with a branding campaign  modeled on the successful launch of its Centrino chips for  notebook computers, a person briefed on the matter said.
Google to give Gmail POP3 support, plans antivirus Google Inc. will roll out POP3 (Post Office Protocol) support gradually over the coming weeks to Gmail users, who will be able to use the feature to download e-mail messages 
Stormy Uranus takes astronomers by surprise Uranus may not be the most boring planet in the solar system after all - new images suggest the outer planet experiences weird seasonal weather patterns.
ESA #39;s lunar probe closes on target In a matter of days the European Space Agency #39;s (ESA) SMART-1 spacecraft will enter orbit around the Moon. It will adjust its position and prepare for the scientific investigation of the lunar surface that will begin in January.
NASA experimental scramjet prepares for Mach 10 attempt LOS ANGELES -- The future of hypersonic flight is uncertain, but next week a tiny unmanned NASA jet will try to hurtle into that unknown on a one-way trip at 10 times the speed of sound.
Microsoft Launches Its Own Web Search Tool  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. unveiled a preliminary  version of its Web search engine late on Wednesday, in its  first attack on Google Inc. leading position in the market.
Cricket: A new twist on bowling International cricket is set to revise the most controversial of the 42 laws that govern the playing of the game, based a report from an expert committee.
Odds and Ends When hunter Jim Mick went into the forest to bag himself a deer, he never expected to come out empty-handed -- and badly bruised. The 69-year-old bowhunter was treated for injuries 
The Irony Of Arafat Yasser Arafat died as the leader of a country that does not yet exist, and therein lies the tragic nature of the former leader and the ongoing tragedy of the people of Palestine.
NEWS ANALYSIS Tension in the Netherlands Everything started with the murder of radical film director Theo Van Gogh by a  quot;drug addict quot; of Moroccan origin in the Netherlands, where terror can strike even at the traffic lights in broad daylight.
Indian PM announces troop reduction in Kashmir Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has announced that the number of troops in insurgency-hit Kashmir will be reduced this winter in view of an  quot;improvement quot; there, a statement said.
Raptors hand Utah first loss The Raptors posted a stunning victory against a previously undefeated opponent last night, but they lost one of their key players, possibly for a while.
UN workers abducted in Afghanistan phone home as militants seek &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan called home to reassure relatives they are all right, as negotiators tried Tuesday to secure their release after 12 days in the hands of Taliban-linked militants.
Egypt Prepares to Receive Arafat's Body (AP) AP - Egypt put its security forces on maximum alert and workers spruced up a modest mosque at Cairo's international airport Thursday in preparation for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's funeral, which will include a procession led by a horse-drawn carriage.
Intel Names Otellini as Next CEO Paul Otellini, a 30-year Intel Corp. veteran who oversaw the launch of the Pentium processor in the 1990s, will replace chief executive Craig Barrett when he steps down to become chairman in May, the semiconductor giant's board of directors announced Thursday. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Is Health Insurance Killing Retirement? Here's hoping you won't have to choose between health and comfort.
Intel board approves Otellini as CEO Paul Otellini, currently president and COO, will replace outgoing chief Craig Barrett in May. \&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Barrett's mea culpa \
EU seeks clarification of US delay in WTO air row EU trade chief Peter Mandelson wants clarification of the US stance in threatened WTO action over aid to Airbus, his spokeswoman said Friday after a US official indicated Washington was delaying such action.
Target 3rd-Qtr Net Rises 78 After Sale of Two Chains (Update1) Target Corp., the second-largest US discount retailer, said third-quarter profit surged 78 percent after selling its Marshall Field #39;s and Mervyn #39;s chains.
Bangladesh announces 3-day mourning for Arafat The Bangladesh government on Thursday announced a three-day national mourning in memory of Palestine President Yasser Arafat, who died this morning.
Intel board appoints Otellini as CEO Intel Corp.'s board of directors Thursday elected current president and chief operating officer (COO) Paul Otellini as the company's next chief executive officer (CEO), succeeding Craig Barrett who was named new chairman of the board.
Microsoft trots out MSN Search beta A beta version of the search engine Microsoft Corp. is developing went live Thursday, offering users an interface and a set of features that make the product begin to resemble established search engines from competitors Google Inc., Yahoo Inc., Ask Jeeves Inc. and America Online Inc. (AOL).
Techs Can't Find Hangover Cure There's plenty of good news out there in the technology sector, but nearly five years after the great Nasdaq bust of 2000, bellwether firms like Cisco Systems continue to struggle. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
MSN Beta Search Engine Somewhat Launched MSN Beta Search Engine Somewhat Launched\\It's finally happened, MSN has launched their new beta test of the autonomous MSN Search - their own search engine. No longer is MSN dependent upon Looksmart or Inktomi and other partners (wasn't Direct Hit one of them in the past?) to produce search results ...
Google GMail Opens Up to POP Google GMail Opens Up to POP\\Google wants us to take it as email portability, but I think it as a surprise package that would lure back even the harshest critics of GMail. Google GMail yesterday added 2 new features in their beta mail service that includes the much-demanded POP support. ...
Sharp Unveils First Blu-ray Disc Recorder Device features two optical drives and a 160GB hard drive for storing content.
Microsoft Rolls Out MSN Search Beta Software giant says the final version will be available next year.
Will Microsoft Lose The Browser Wars? Will Microsoft Lose The Browser Wars?\\Until recently, software giant, Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web browser enjoyed a relatively unchallenged position as the most popular Web browser in the world.\\Despite lawsuits and charges of unfair competition from the likes of Netscape and others, Microsoft dominates browser software with over 90 market share.\\Microsoft's ...
PeopleSoft dips after rejecting Oracle #39;s latest bid SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - PeopleSoft shares fell in premarket trade Thursday after the company rejected Oracle #39;s latest takeover offer of \$24 a share, worth at least \$8.
Target Q3 up 78, lifted by Mervyn #39;s sale NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Target Corporation said earnings rose 78 percent in the third quarter, boosted by one-time gains from the sale of its Mervyn #39;s store chain.
Intel Names Otellini Chief Executive After Barrett (Update3) Intel Corp. named President Paul Otellini as its next chief executive officer, choosing a salesman instead of an engineer to run the computer-chip maker for the first time.
CORRECTED (OFFICIAL)-US Airways lenders OK aircraft use In NEW YORK story headlined  quot;US Airways lenders let carrier keep using aircraft, quot; please correct paragraph 3 to read ... US Airways said it has agreed to cure and perform for all but 36 aircraft, and has reached interim arrangements for 14 of these .
Verizon Wireless Names Townsend As CFO Wireless phone carrier Verizon Wireless on Thursday said it named John Townsend as vice president and chief financial officer of the company, beginning in January.
BT #39;s Net Profit Rises 14 Percent BT Group PLC, Britain #39;s largest phone company, reported a 14 percent increase in second quarter net profit on Thursday, as growth in mobile telecommunications, broadband and IT services outweighed more declines in its traditional residential telecoms 
Microsoft Crawling Google Results For New Search Engine? I was questioned today by a developer who was watching a particular IP address scan his site. The IP was 65.54.188.86 and is registered to Microsoft Corp.
Microsoft disses Itanium 2 p2pnet.net News:- Microsoft #39;s Windows Server 2003 Compute Cluster Edition doesn #39;t like servers built around Intel #39;s Itanium 2 chip.
UWB group completes key radio spec The Multiband OFDM Alliance (MBOA) has finished its ultrawideband (UWB) radio physical layer (PHY) specification. What this array of abbreviations means is that UWB chip makers can now finalise their designs 
Yusuf Islam: Back to Music British musician and peace activist formerly known as Cat Stevens, who changed his name to Yusuf Islam after conversion to Islam, has signaled a comeback.
Potential Arafat Successor to Remain in Israeli Prison Israel has ruled out releasing jailed Marwan Barghouti, a leading Palestinian figure who is widely seen as the strongest candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat.
Elcoteq Focuses on Design to Tap Hefty Demand  SALO, Finland (Reuters) - Elcoteq &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ELQAV.HE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;ELQAV.HE&lt;/A&gt; is targeting  growth by strengthening its focus on design services to tap  surging demand in the mobile handset market, Europe's top  electronics manufacturing services firm said.
China builds on ties with Brazil China's president Hu Jintao visits Brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy his country's burgeoning demand for foreign goods.
Rate rises followed 'MPC errors' UK interest rates may be too high because the Bank of England has wrongly forecast inflation levels, a House of Lords Committee says.
Inflation Worriers, Dollar Pessimists As the whole world expected, the Federal Reserve continued its policy of normalizing short-term rates by raising its policy target to 2 percent this week.
Intel board backs Otellini as CEO update Intel #39;s board, in widely expected move, voted Thursday to elevate Paul Otellini from president to chief executive officer in May.
US: Coke lowers earnings and sales expectations The Coca-Cola Company is lowering its long-term earning and sales targets. In a statement today (11 November), the company added that continued weak performance in certain key markets was expected in 2005 as operational issues are addressed.
Canadian Tire #39;s third-quarter profit jumps 17.2 per cent to \$69.4 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Canadian Tire reported a 17 per cent jump in quarterly earnings on Thursday, boosted by higher sales and improved business at the financial services business.
Jones Apparel to Buy Barneys in \$400 Mln Deal Mid-priced clothing retailer and maker Jones Apparel Group Inc. said on Thursday it was buying Barneys New York Inc. in a \$400 million deal to boost its retail business and move into luxury apparel.
Pep Boys Stock Down After Earnings Miss Shares of auto parts retailer Pep Boys-Manny, Moe  amp; Jack (PBY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 10 percent on Thursday, a day after it said earnings dropped 48 percent last quarter on more struggles in its service operations, missing 
Rust Is Here; Get Ready To Respond Editors Note: The following special report was compiled by the editors of Corn and Soybean Digest, a sister publication of Delta Farm Press.
Newsday trimming work force by 100 _ Newsday is cutting as many as 100 jobs through voluntary and non-voluntary buyouts, the Long Island newspaper #39;s publisher said Thursday.
Prime Group Shares Fall on Cancelled Deal Shares of Prime Group Realty Trust were down 8.6 percent in Thursday morning trading after the company announced late Wednesday that Prime/Mansur Investment Partners LLC wasn #39;t able to obtain financing in order to acquire Prime Group.
MSN Search debuts today Microsoft Corp.s proprietary new search engine is scheduled to go live today in a beta version, at beta.search.msn.com. Like its rival, Google.
Arctic thaw could open vast oil and gas region An accelerating thaw of the Arctic may open vast regions for oil and gas exploration but that brings worries of spills in the fragile environment, experts said on Thursday.
Revolutionary plane prepares to set speed record A small, air-breathing test plane will attempt to blaze into history on Monday by flying at nearly 10 times the speed of sound. The hypersonic craft is one of three built by NASA for its \$230-million Hyper-X project, established in 1996.
European Spacecraft to Research  #39;Moon Colonies #39; A tiny craft powered by Star Trek technology was standing today at the gateway to the moon - and a landmark date in the history of European space exploration.
Apple Achieves Market Dominance--Not! Virgin #39;s French arm saw the antitrust suit it filed against Apple (yes, Apple, not Microsoft) dismissed by the French Competition Council.
Sun Desktop Rises in Japan Again Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) has eked out its second major contract in Japan for its Java Desktop System (JDS), the company said Wednesday.
Skype Makes Cell Calls Free Skype, originators of free Internet phone calls, has extended its reach even further by offering free cell phone calling - in partnership with Siemens -n Europe.
USADA bans sprinter Young for life Olympic relay gold medalist and world 400-meter champion Jerome Young was given a lifetime ban from the US Anti-Doping Agency for his second performance-enhancing drug violation, according to USA Today.
Shota: I thought I #39;d blown chances sky high SHOTA ARVELADZE feared he had blown Rangers chances of an Old Firm victory when he missed a golden chance in the dying stages. However, the Georgian was a relieved man when he finally found the net to hand 
Future of F1 #39;s British Grand Prix is secured The British motorsport industry has the  quot;opportunity to further enhance its reputation as a world leader quot; after the future of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone was secured, according Sports Minister Richard Caborn.
NASCAR Green-Flags Liquor Sponsors The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) on Nov. 10 said it #39;s lifting its decades-long, self-imposed ban on liquor sponsorships.
German winner of Hawaii Ironman has positive drug test Nina Kraft tested positive for the endurance-boosting drug EPO after winning last month #39;s Hawaii Ironman competition, the German triathlon union said Thursday.
Liz Johnson is first female qualifier for PBA Tour event Liz Johnson became the first woman to qualify for a PBA Tour event by finishing fourth in the qualifying round. The bowler from Cheektowaga, NY, was the top amateur Wednesday during qualifying for the PBA Uniroyal Tire Classic.
UK says to evacuate 400 Britons from Ivory Coast By Reuters. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Britain will evacuate about 400 of its nationals and others from the Ivory Coast due to the deteriorating situation there, the Ministry of Defence said on Thursday.
Falluja troops under heavy fire US marines in Falluja have come under sustained attack from several different directions in the headquarters they have set up in the Iraqi city.
Africans salute Yasser Arafat African leaders have expressed their sadness at the death of the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat. South Africa #39;s President Thabo Mbeki said Mr Arafat #39;s life was defined by unflinching sacrifice for his cause.
Car bomb kills 17 in Baghdad BAGHDAD - A car bomb exploded in Baghdad?s commercial centre, killing 17 people and narrowly missing a US convoy that had passed by seconds earlier.
Intel Names New CEO  SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said President Paul Otellini would replace Craig  Barrett as chief executive in a long-planned move, becoming the  company's first CEO with a marketing rather than an engineering  background.
Serena Fights Back, Davenport Off to a Flier in LA  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Serena Williams came back from a  set and two breaks down to beat Anastasia Myskina 4-6, 6-3, 6-4  on the opening night of group play at the WTA Championships  Wednesday.
Shaq, Wade Have Turned Up the Heat in Miami  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Miami is off to its best  start in franchise history. The Heat won their first four games  of the 2004-05 campaign, with three of their victories by 10  points or more.
After Arafat Death, Sharon Vows to Pursue Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Thursday Yasser Arafat's death could be a turning point  for peacemaking but he would pursue a unilateral plan that  would strip Palestinians of some land they want for a state.
Pep Boys Stock Down After Earnings Miss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of auto parts retailer Pep  Boys-Manny, Moe   Jack &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PBY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PBY.N&lt;/A&gt; fell 10 percent on Thursday, a  day after it said earnings dropped 48 percent last quarter on  more struggles in its service operations, missing estimates.
Lower Oil Prices, Intel Help Stocks Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were higher on Thursday,  helped by technology shares like Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and  Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, which received a brokerage upgrade, and  crude oil prices dropping below \$48 a barrel.
Jones Apparel to Buy Barneys in \$400 Mln Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mid-priced clothing retailer and maker  Jones Apparel Group Inc. said on Thursday it was buying Barneys  New York Inc. in a \$400 million deal to boost its retail  business and move into luxury apparel.
Nortel Delays Filing Results -- Again  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt;, one of  the world's biggest telecoms equipment makers, has again  delayed filing its restated financial results, mainly because  of revenue reporting issues, the company said on Thursday .
Dutch Say Murder Suspect Linked to Radical Muslims  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch authorities are investigating a  radical Muslim group they suspect has links to the man accused  of killing a filmmaker critical of Islam and to bombings in  Casablanca last year.
Mars moon emerges from the dark Mars Express takes its most detailed image yet of the Red Planet's largest moon, Phobos.
Former Microsoft Workers Charged with Stealing Software Four former Microsoft Corp. employees were charged with stealing \$32.4 million worth of software and selling it on the side.
Japan gives OK to Sun desktop suite The Japanese government has approved Sun Microsystems #39; open-source desktop software for use within one of its ministries, Sun is expected to announce.
US Forces Meeting Less Resistance in Fallujah Description: On the fourth day of battle, American troops slow their assault, with US forces battling pockets of resistance in several parts of the city.
Intel board backs Otellini as CEO Paul Otellini, currently president and COO, will replace outgoing chief Craig Barrett in May. \
Tiffany profit slips on weak Japan sales Jewelry retailer Tiffany  amp; Co., dragged down by weaker-than-expected sales in Japan and higher precious metal and diamond costs, recorded a 26 percent drop in third-quarter earnings.
Weak German GDP: Eurozone fears German economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter as exports weakened and oil prices surged, raising fears that eurozone GDP figures due Friday will be lower than expected.
EBay buys top Dutch classified-listings site Online auction powerhouse eBay Inc. has scooped up Dutch classifieds Website Marktplaats.nl as part of an effort to expand its classifieds trading activities and grow internationally, it said Thursday.
Frances competition watchdogs do not consider iTunes a problem With its music-download service iTunes Apple was not unlawfully exploiting its market dominance, an opinion by France #39;s competition watchdogs, its Anti-Trust Office, concluded, thereby rejecting a suit initiated by the French daughter company of the 
Intel Introduces New Itanium Microsoft says its Windows Server 2003 Compute Cluster Edition will not run on servers equipped with Intel #39;s latest Itanium 2 processor.
Wireless operators ink WiFi roaming agreements MUNICH - Seven leading wireless operators, led by T-Mobile USA, have signed roaming agreements that bring seamless worldwide high-speed internet access another step closer.
WTO ruling on net gambling angers US The Bush administration dismissed as  quot;deeply flawed quot; a World Trade Organisation decision that the US has no right to ban cross-border gambling on the internet.
Canadian Tire Q3 revenue tops \$2 billion TORONTO - Revenue at Canadian Tire topped the \$2 billion mark in the third quarter and profits rose 17 per cent, the retail giant reported Thursday.
Tiffany #39;s Net Falls 26; Shares Drop on Forecast Cut (Update5) Tiffany  amp; Co., the largest US luxury jewelry retailer, said fiscal third-quarter earnings fell 26 percent on higher costs and declining Japanese sales.
Pep Boys 3Q Profit Off 48 Pct. to \$7.7M Automotive aftermarket chain Pep Boys-Manny, Moe  amp; Jack Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit dropped, despite higher sales.
Stocks in Motion: GenCorp Shares of Hollywood Entertainment (HLYW:Nasdaq - news - research) were among the Nasdaq #39;s winners Thursday, rising 11 after rival Blockbuster (BBI:NYSE - news - research) said that it would like to buy Hollywood Entertainment for about \$700 million.
EU Clears Disney-Columbia British Venture European Union regulators Thursday cleared a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company, Columbia Pictures Corp. Ltd., and Britain #39;s ON Demand Group to provide a video-on-demand service in Britain and Ireland.
New job offer shocked Robinson Bagshot, England - Jason Robinson has said he was stunned to be made England captain for Saturday #39;s Test against Canada at Twickenham.
Gill Fears Glazer Intervention Manchester United chief executive David Gill will head into the clubs annual general meeting tomorrow fearing the possibility of another confrontation with Malcolm Glazer.
WILLIAMS WARY OF COMPLACENCY Coach Matt Williams warned against the danger of complacency when Scotland face Japan at McDiarmid Park in the second of the Autumn Tests on Saturday.
Rebels fight for life in Fallujah; car bomb rips through Bagdhad FALLUJAH, Iraq (AFP) - Rebels battled for their lives in Fallujah as US troops closed in for the kill, while 10 people died in a Baghdad car bomb and two US helicopters were forced to land under a hail of bullets.
Red Hat opens China office Red Hat Inc. is opening this week its first office in China, as part of its effort to tap demand for low-cost software in developing markets.
In Brief: Infragistics teams with Mercury to automate .Net testing Infragistics is partnering with Mercury Interactive to offer a collection of custom libraries that enables automated testing of the presentation layer of Microsoft's .Net. The TestAdvantage development tool, built using Mercury Interactive QuickTest Professional, enhances presentation layer regression testing by giving development teams an automated way to test user interfaces created with Infragistics NetAdvantage. Infragistics will ship the release candidate of TestAdvantage in January of 2005 for an introductory price of \$2,995.
Update 3: German Recovery Slows in Third Quarter Germany #39;s fragile recovery slowed in the third quarter as exports slipped, with Europe #39;s biggest economy growing by just 0.1 percent, according to government figures released Thursday that underlined concerns over high oil prices and the strong euro.
Steel Partners Offers to Buy Up GenCorp Investment group Steel Partners II LP on Thursday offered to buy up the remaining stake in aircraft component maker GenCorp Inc., saying the company #39;s board has made  quot;many mistakes quot; in allocating capital and managing day-to-day operations.
EU Clears UK On-Demand Venture by Disney, Sony European regulators have approved a movies-on-demand joint venture between Sony #39;s Columbia Pictures and Walt Disney Co. that could help UK cable 
eBay Buys Dutch Classifieds Site The online auction giant has acquired Marktplaats.nl, a Netherlands-based online classifieds site for 225 million euros, or about \$290 million, in an all-cash deal, the company announced on Thursday.
Mozilla #39;s Firefox about to be released on market so far dominated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The future appears rosy for Firefox. Just two years after its start, and even before reaching version 1.0 (now imminent), the little open source browser has already left behind its elder 
Arctic meltdown opens alternative sea routes A faster-than-expected thaw of the Arctic is likely to open legendary short-cut routes between the Pacific and the Atlantic, but experts say icebergs and high costs will prevent any transpolar shipping boom.
Cricket: Warne - Leave it to umpires Shane Warne expressed concern yesterday that the new proposal on cricket #39;s  quot;chucking quot; controversy might create more confusion.
Lee, MacGill help NSW fire out Kiwis for 213 Sydney: New Zealand made a disastrous beginning in their tour opener against New South Wales as they were shot out for a modest 213 at the Sydney cricket ground here today.
Arafat, his Legacy and the Future OPININ (*)The Legacy: Yasir Arafat has been a disaster for the Palestinians, for Israelis, and for hopes of peace in the region.
Time to Buy a Value Meal? Big run-ups in a few fast-food favorites might suggest that the value is gone, but take a closer look.
Triathlon: Kraft tests positive for drugs Germany #39;s Ironman Triathlon world champion Nina Kraft has tested positive for the banned blood-boosting drug EPO (erythropoietin), according to a report in the Frankfurter Allgemeine.
Spurs 91, Warriors 71 SAN ANTONIO - Tim Duncan had 23 points and 18 rebounds and Manu Ginobili added 22 points to lead San Antonio past winless Golden State.
Dime smack: LeBron looking more like MJ We had the League Pass surf going on at a ridiculous pace last night. Add a little Tivo into the mix and we covered just about everything.
Clinton Says Arafat Missed the Chance for Peace Former US President Bill Clinton on Thursday offered condolences to Palestinians after the death of Yasser Arafat but said their leader had missed the opportunity to create lasting Middle East peace in 2000.
Snipers stall Fallujah blitz; Allawi #39;s kin kidnapped FALLUJAH, Iraq - Advances in Fallujah slowed considerably yesterday after American-led troops took control of about half of the city.
Israel Re-Arrests Nuclear Whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu Israeli police re-arrested nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu seven months after he was released from an 18-year jail term for leaking secrets about Israel #39;s nuclear program.
IRAN * EU * ATOM * MORATORIUM TEHRAN, Nov 11 (RIA Novosti) - Iran is considering the issue on extension of a voluntary moratorium on work to enrich uranium, Iranian Foreign Ministry official spokesman Hamid Reza Assefi said Thursday.
At least 17 dead in Baghdad blast as Fallujah fighting goes on A car bomb went off in central Baghdad Thursday, killing 17 people and injuring at least eight in a crowded commercial area, police said.
PeopleSoft Rejects Oracle #39;s  #39;Best #39; Offer With third quarter revenues of \$161 million, strong earnings per share, healthy cash flow and robust projections to back them up, PeopleSoft #39;s directors are advising shareholders that Oracle #39;s 
World Body Wants US To Allow Online Gaming GENEVA -- A ruling from the World Trade Organization could open the United States to offshore Internet gambling. A WTO panel says the federal government should drop its ban on Americans placing bets at online casinos.
Canadian Tire Net Rises 17, Helped by Credit Cards (Update1) Canadian Tire Corp., the country #39;s biggest retailer of auto supplies and sporting goods, said third- quarter profit rose 17 percent as customers put more purchases on the company #39;s credit card.
Nortel Further Delays Release of Financial Statements Nortel Networks said the further delay in its release of financial information will  quot;permit the resolution of focused revenue reporting issues and remaining accounting matters identified by Nortel management.
Blockbuster offers to buy Hollywood Blockbuster on Thursday said it has contacted Hollywood Entertainment Corp. about acquiring its top rival for \$700 million. Hollywood shares jumped 13.
Microsoft v Google Times Online #39;s verdict Bill Gates may be the world #39;s most generous philanthropist, but the technical teams under his charge may well experience the uncharitable side of his nature today.
When the Northern Lights Moved South Our atmosphere is home to many stunning optical phenomena; rainbows, lightning and fiery red sunsets to name but a few. For many, the Northern Lights, or Aurora Borealis 
India announces troop reduction in Kashmir: India News: New Delhi, Nov 11 : India Thursday announced a reduction of troops in Jammu and Kashmir  quot;in recognition of improvement in the situation in the state quot;.
Chinese sub detected in Japan waters Japanese government officials Thursday confirmed a Chinese Navy submarine intrusively entered Japanese waters a day earlier. The submarine was discovered early Wednesday 
Settling into Camp Dogwood, Iraq When the Black Watch battle group made their move north, there was an  quot;intelligence vacuum quot; in the area according to an army source here; they did not know exactly what they would face.
Junk mailers get the human touch Online criminals are exploiting human hopes and fears to spread spam and viruses.
Mystery Lingers: Whereabouts of His Hidden Fortune Yasir Arafat personally controlled several billion dollars for the Palestinian movement, and no one else knows where it all is.
Coca-Cola Lowers Targets, Boosts Spending The Coca-Cola Co. is lowering its long-term targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America. But the world's biggest soft drink company also plans to boost spending on marketing its core brands.
Icelandic firm buys fashion chain Icelandic investment group Baugur extends its presence on the UK High Street with the purchase of budget fashion chain Mk One.
US economy can manage a rise in rates, say economists Washington - With the US economy expanding at a respectable pace, companies hiring and consumers inclined to spend, Federal Reserve policy makers can feel comfortable about boosting short-term interest rates for a fourth time this year.
PeopleSoft reject final Oracle offer  quot;The board concluded that PeopleSoft is worth substantially more than Oracle #39;s latest offer. We are a vibrant, strong company with a focused, motivated management 
Coke #39;s Isdell:  #39;We have underperformed since 1997 #39; Coke (KO) lowered its long-term targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America, said it missed the health trend, and said it plans to boost spending on marketing its core brands 
WTO Rules US Must Allow Online Gambling Antigua is saying that the US does not allow online gambling within its borders but that there are large numbers of American gambling organizations overseas.
Intel Taps Otellini As Next CEO Intel #39;s board has tapped Paul Otellini to replace Craig Barrett as CEO, starting next year, the company announced. By Edward F. Moltzen, CRN.
German economic recovery runs out of steam FRANKFURT (AFP) - The modest recovery of the German economy ran out of steam in the third quarter, official data showed, as exports, previously the main driving force behind growth of the eurozone #39;s biggest economy, slumped on the back of the global 
Soybean rust discovered in US Northeast Iowa farmers have said for years it was only a matter of time before soybean rust was found in the United States. Time #39;s up.
MSN Launches Search Beta Microsoft has launched a beta version of an MSN search engine designed to compete directly with Google. MSN Search lets users search through more than 5 billion documents, Microsoft says.
Correction: Tech-Test-Firefox-Browser In a Nov. 10 product review of the Mozilla Firefox browser, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the Internet Explorer browser from Microsoft Corp.
Gmail Gets Off its Web Perch Google is allowing users to download Gmail messages through other email programs onto their desktops as well as mobile devices that support POP.
Trojan horse spies on Web banking Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software security updates, and contemplating a plethora of security solutions and methods.
Big or Small NASA Space Vision? According to the Boeing-Northrup Grumman announcement, the two companies plan to alternate as prime contractor should they win the bid to build the CEV.
French Courts Give Rights Win to Apple The French Competition Council will not force Apple to license its FairPlay digital-rights management technology to competitors. The Council rejected an argument by Virgin France, which 
New Trojan Spams SMS The Delf-HA Trojan horse infects PCs and then contacts a Russian Web site to download instructions for running a spam campaign. The Trojan sends spam SMS by using the  quot;Send a text message quot; facility 
SC2004: Top HPC Systems Keep Pushing Performance Limits (11/10/04)The new list of the worlds Top500 supercomputers was officially announced last night in a overflowing ballroom at the SC2004 Conference in Pittsburgh.
Microsoft issues one fix in monthly security update NOVEMBER 11, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - In sharp contrast to last month #39;s barrage of critical patches, Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday offered up just one  quot;important quot; fix for users to implement in its scheduled round of security updates for November.
Rogers May Seek Remainder of Its Wireless Unit Shares (Update1) Rogers Communications Inc. said it will offer about C\$774 million (\$646 million) in stock for the shares it doesn #39;t own in Rogers Wireless Communications Inc.
Serena Wins Thanks to Myskina Choke at WTA Championships; McEnroe &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Svetlana Kuznetsova and Lindsay Davenport had comfortable victories while Serena Williams looked nowhere near the top of her game in gutting out a win Wednesday on day one at the WTA Championships.
German winner of Hawaii Ironman confirms positive test Nina Kraft, winner of last month #39;s Hawaii Ironman competition, acknowledged Thursday that she had used the banned endurance-boosting drug EPO.
PREVIEW-Rugby-England #39;s Robinson era set for high-scoring start England begin the Robinson era on Saturday when coach Andy takes charge for the first time and new captain Jason leads the team out at Twickenham against Canada.
Hossa jumps to Swedish league CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Ottawa Senators right-winger Marian Hossa is joining younger brother Marcel and Slovak countryman Rastislav Pavlikovsky with Mora of the Swedish Elite League.
Germany could lose equestrian gold BERLIN, Germany -- Germany, stripped of two equestrian golds in Athens, will almost certainly lose a third title after two of its show jumping horses failed dope tests.
Pep Boys Stock Down After Earnings Miss (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of auto parts retailer Pep\Boys-Manny, Moe   Jack  fell 10 percent on Thursday, a\day after it said earnings dropped 48 percent last quarter on\more struggles in its service operations, missing estimates.
Turin Winter Games Organizers Sign Peace Deal A political row over the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics has been solved with a power-sharing agreement between Italy #39;s right-wing government and the left-wing head of the local committee, organizers said Thursday.
Foot ailment in early stages MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Kobe Bryant had his worst shooting night of the season Wednesday in the Lakers #39; 110-87 loss to the Grizzlies, and worse yet, he needed nearly 45 minutes of postgame treatment for plantar fasciitis in his left foot.
Santana had breakout season; Schilling got title BRISTOL, Conn. -- One enjoyed a breakout season while the other did exactly what his team expected. After finishing in a tie for seventh place in last year #39;s voting, Santana had a sensational 2004 season, going 
Pirates agree to terms with Mesa and Torres Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates agreed to terms Thursday with closer Jose Mesa on a one-year contract, with a club option for 2006.
New South Wales starts strongly New South Wales, led by leg-spinner Stuart MacGill #39;s 4-57, dismissed New Zealand for 213 Thursday on the opening day of a four-day warmup match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Children's Place Pleases The retailer reports a 52 increase in earnings ahead of its Disney Stores acquisition.
Tributes for Arafat Focus on Efforts for Palestinian State From the Vatican to the Palestinian refugee camps of Jordan, tributes poured in today for Yasir Arafat, a man regarded as an international leader by many and a terrorist by others.
As US Advances in Falluja, New Fighting Erupts in Northern Iraq Insurgents opened a new front against American-led forces today, attacking several police stations in the northern city of Mosul and pushing that city to the brink of chaos 
Iran, EU diplomats hold  quot;positive quot; nuclear talks, but no deal yet European and Iranian diplomats held  quot;very positive quot; talks in Tehran late Thursday over demands the Islamic republic suspend some of its nuclear activities, but an accord has yet to be finalised, a source close to the crucial negotiations told AFP.
Insurgents may have fled Fallujah The rapid US push into Fallujah has come without the sort of fateful showdown that would break the back of the insurgency. In fact, advance US and Iraqi 
Whole Foods' Healthy Outlook The natural foods chain is predicting double-digit sales growth until 2010.
Tiffany Profit Slips on Weak Japan Sales (AP) AP - Jewelry retailer Tiffany  amp; Co., dragged down by weaker-than-expected sales in Japan and higher precious metal and diamond costs, recorded a 26 percent drop in third-quarter earnings.
Senators' Hossa Heads to Swedish League (AP) AP - Ottawa Senators right wing Marian Hossa is switching European teams during the NHL lockout.
Goings-On Down Under Things are looking up for National Australia Bank, which could be a good foreign investment.
Twins' Santana Named AL Cy Young Winner  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Minnesota Twins lefthander  Johan Santana, who won his final 13 decisions of the regular  season, was a unanimous selection for the 2004 American League  Cy Young Award.
Oil Drops Another Dollar on Rising Supply  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil tumbled another dollar on Thursday,  resuming a two-week slide that has cut 15 percent from prices  as rising crude inventories ease concerns over winter fuel  supplies.
Turin Winter Games Organizers Sign Peace Deal  ROME (Reuters) - A political row over the 2006 Turin Winter  Olympics has been solved with a power-sharing agreement between  Italy's right-wing government and the left-wing head of the  local committee, organizers said Thursday.
As U.S. Advances in Falluja, New Fighting Erupts in Northern Iraq Insurgents opened a new front against U.S.-led forces today in Mosul, while an enormous car bomb in Baghdad killed at least 13 people.
Nets' Mercer Slated for Surgery  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (Sports Network) - New Jersey Nets  guard Ron Mercer is scheduled to have surgery Monday on his  left knee and could be out of action for up to four weeks.
Pirates Agree to Terms with Mesa and Torres  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates agreed  to terms Thursday with closer Jose Mesa on a one-year contract,  with a club option for 2006.
Berlin to host 2009 world athletics championships Berlin was selected as the venue for the 2009 world track and field championships by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) here on Saturday.
Police arrest phishing mob suspect A suspected Russian mobster is believed by U.S. law enforcement to be behind a series of phishing scams.
Trojan horse spies on Web banking Sneaky program takes a different tack to capture people's passwords and potentially steal money.
After Arafat Death, Sharon Vows to Pursue Gaza Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\said on Thursday Yasser Arafat's death could be a turning point\for peacemaking but he would pursue a unilateral plan that\would strip Palestinians of some land they want for a state.
Flooding Kills 11 in Indonesian Java  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Floods in the home region of  Indonesia's president have killed 11 people and forced  thousands to flee their villages on the southern part of the  country's main Java island, local media reported on Sunday.
MLS, Players' Union Reach Tentative Deal (AP) AP - Major League Soccer and its players' union tentatively agreed on a five-year labor contract Thursday, ending nearly 1 1/2 years of negotiations.
Techs Can't Find Hangover Cure (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - There's plenty of good news out there in the technology sector, particularly when it comes to e-commerce powerhouses like eBay and Amazon, and portals like Yahoo.
Bank of Ireland Posts Rise in Earnings (AP) AP - The Bank of Ireland reported a 7.8 percent rise in first half profit Thursday but also revealed a significant rise in withdrawals at its asset management unit.
Correction: Tech-Test-Firefox-Browser (AP) AP - In a Nov. 10 product review of the Mozilla Firefox browser, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the Internet Explorer browser from Microsoft Corp. does not have a pop-up blocker. The summer release of Service Pack 2, a security update available only for Windows XP computers, included a pop-up blocker.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - Satellite radio in the palm of your hand (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - I'm rooting for satellite radio to succeed. (It's been just three years since XM launched the first satellite radio service.) How come? The appeal of XM and Sirius becomes obvious to folks who are turned off by excessive and dumb commercials, tired formats and static on much of what passes for AM and FM nowadays.
Elcoteq Focuses on Design to Tap Hefty Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Elcoteq  is targeting\growth by strengthening its focus on design services to tap\surging demand in the mobile handset market, Europe's top\electronics manufacturing services firm said.
Dell close to adopting AMD chips (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Dell president and CEO Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is actively considering including AMD processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
Arctic Thaw Could Open Vast Oil and Gas Region (Reuters) Reuters - An accelerating thaw of the Arctic\may open vast regions for oil and gas exploration but that\brings worries of spills in the fragile environment, experts\said Thursday.
Gap's garment gadget blasts your favorite tunes Wearable tech goes mainstream as the Gap introduces jacket with built-in radio.\
U.S. Had Stormy Relationship With Arafat (AP) AP - More than two years ago President Bush cut off all U.S. contact with Yasser Arafat as a failed and corrupt leader. But Bush did not retract his pledge to help the Palestinians achieve statehood.
Pesticide Study Using Children Postponed (AP) AP - A planned government study into how children's bodies absorb pesticides and other chemicals has been temporarily suspended due to ethical concerns.
Hurricanes Blamed for Fruit Infection (AP) AP - This year's hurricanes spread citrus canker to at least 11,000 trees in Charlotte County, one of the largest outbreaks of the fruit-damaging infection to ever affect Florida's citrus industry, state officials said.
NOAA Observes Killer Whales After Valdez (AP) AP - It's probably too late to save a small pod of killer whales whose numbers plummeted after the Exxon Valdez tanker spilled nearly 11 million gallons of oil into Prince William Sound.
Rebels Set Off Land mine in Indian Kashmir; 11 Dead  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) -  Separatist militants set off a  powerful land mine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people,  including nine soldiers in one of the biggest guerrilla attacks  in weeks, police said on Sunday.
WHO Urges Science to Keep World Healthy (AP) AP - Technological advances that help drug companies churn out highly profitable prescription medications must also be applied to improving public health care around the globe, a World Health Organization report released Wednesday says.
Exclusive: Dell close to adopting AMD chips Dell president and CEO Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is actively considering including AMD processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
Republicans, Democrats Swap Louisiana House Seats (Reuters) Reuters - The 2004 U.S. elections ended on\Saturday with Republicans and Democrats swapping one U.S. House\of Representatives seat each in runoff elections in Louisiana.
Nortel delays filing for fourth time Nortel Networks, one of the world #39;s biggest telecommunications gear makers, has again delayed filing its restated financial results mainly because of revenue reporting issues, the company said Thursday.
Microsoft says Firefox not a threat to IE Just days after the launch of open-source browser Firefox 1.0, Microsoft executives defended Internet Explorer, saying it is no less secure than any other browser and doesn #39;t lack any important features.
Iran answer on nuke freeze not definitive-diplomat Iran #39;s answer on Thursday to an EU demand it freeze sensitive nuclear work such as uranium enrichment was described as not too disappointing but not completely definitive by an EU diplomat familiar with the talks.
Antigua Gets A Piece Of The Action NEW YORK - What are the odds that a tiny nation like Antigua and Barbuda could take on the United States in an international dispute and win?
Internet pirates 'cost software firm hundreds of millions' of dollars (AFP) AFP - Athens police said they had arrested a Greek citizen who pirated and sold a computer software program, costing the multinational company that owned its copyright hundreds of million of dollars (euros).
Villarreal's Senna Suspended for 60 Days (AP) AP - Villarreal's Marcos Senna has been suspended by UEFA for 60 days for failing a doping test, the Spanish club said in a statement posted on its Web site Thursday.
Gmail Lands In Outlook Google #39;s still-not-released-to-the-public free Gmail e-mail service on Wednesday added POP3 support, letting users send and receive messages from traditional desktop clients and some mobile devices.
Suspected Russian mobster charged with phishing A suspected Russian mobster was charged this week with identity theft in a phishing style scam. Andrew Schwarmkoff, 28, was arraigned in a Boston-area District Court on multiple counts 
U.S. Says Fallujah Assault Successful (AP) AP - The Pentagon's top general said Thursday that the assault on Iraq's rebel-controlled Fallujah has been "very, very successful," despite suspicions that many insurgents had simply fled before it began.
Pirates agree to terms with Mesa, 38 Coming off a big first year as the Pirates closer, Mesa on Thursday agreed to a one-year contract with a club option for the 2006 campaign.
Japan raises submarine issue with China: report (AFP) AFP - Japan took up with China the issue of a suspicious submarine that intruded into its waters amid alarm in Tokyo that the vessel was a show of strength from its neighbour and growing competitor.
Carter hopes for new peace talks in wake of Arafat #39;s death ATLANTA Former President Jimmy Carter is expressing hope for new Middle East peace efforts in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Bush Honors Fallen American Soldiers (AP) AP - President Bush paused on Veterans Day to honor American soldiers who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan during his presidency and in wars past. As he spoke, U.S. warplanes and artillery pounded insurgents west of Baghdad.
Milosevic calls leaders to trial Ex-Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic asks judges to subpoena world leaders at his trial in The Hague.
Brown Bears Came to N. America Earlier Than Thought, Fossil Suggests A fragment of a bear skull in a Canadian museum may be rewriting the history of North America's brown bears.
African Bush-Meat Hunting Linked to EU Overfishing The European Union's heavy fishing off West Africa may be causing a rise in poaching of Africa's wildlife as hungry Africans seek alternative protein, a new study suggests.
Indonesia Peat Fires May Fuel Global Warming, Experts Say Indonesia's vast tropical peatlands, a bog of plant debris undisturbed for centuries until they were drained for cultivation, have become a perennial fire hazard and, a new study says, possibly a significant contributor to global warming.
NYSE probing late trading for price manipulation New York Stock Exchange regulators said on Thursday they are investigating firms that send in trades in the last seconds of the day designed to manipulate the final price of shares at the closing bell.
Intel Names Otellini New CEO Intel Corp. on Thursday said President Paul Otellini, a marketing expert, would replace Craig Barrett as chief executive, at a time when the No.
Report: Russian Gov #39;t Approves Merger Plan The Russian government has approved a plan for the merger of natural gas giant Gazprom and the state-owned Rosneft oil company, a news agency reported Thursday.
Jones buying trendy Barneys Jones said the deal is valued at approximately \$400 million, including cash consideration of \$19 per share to Barneys stockholders totaling \$294.
Union votes to authorize strike if talks break down ARLINGTON, Va. The union representing US Airways reservation agents and other passenger service employees has voted to authorize a strike if it can #39;t negotiate a fair contract with the Arlington-based airline.
German economic recovery slows down LONDON, November 11 (newratings.com) - Germany witnessed a slowdown in its economic growth momentum during the third quarter this year, with the nation #39;s GDP growth rate declining to 0.1 from the relatively robust growth rate of 0.4 in the first two 
Steel Partners Bids \$700 Mln for Gencorp US investment fund Steel Partners II on Thursday offered to buy 90 percent of Gencorp Inc. (GY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) it does not already own for about \$700 million 
UPDATE 1 - Fitch cuts Merck #39;s triple-A rating by two notches Fitch Ratings on Thursday cut Merck  amp; Co. Inc. #39;s (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) top  quot;AAA quot; rating by two notches, citing its withdrawal of the arthritis drug Vioxx and subsequent 
Charles Schwab to Merge 19 Offices Charles Schwab Corp., the world #39;s largest discount broker, said Thursday that it will merge 19 branch offices in certain cities into other branches in mid-December in a move to rebalance branch resources.
EBay Buys Dutch Classifieds Site for \$290M E-commerce giant eBay made another foray into the classifieds space, buying Dutch classifieds site Marktplaats.nl for around \$290 million.
NASA #39;s Scramjet Could Reach Mach 10 NASA plans to break the aircraft speed record for the second time in 7 1/2 months next week, by flying its X43a scramjet 110,000 feet above the Pacific Ocean at speeds close to Mach 10.
Cisco Warns Routers, Switches Are Vulnerable To Denial Of Service &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Cisco releases an advisory warning that certain devices running IOS Version 12.2S software can be disabled by hackers. By Preston Gralla, Networking Pipeline.
French Court Rules Apple Need Not Share FairPlay Technology The court said Apple #39;s refusal to license FairPlay was not anti-competitive. It also pointed out the availability of other devices that are compatible with Virgin #39;s download site.
Police arrest phishing mob suspect A suspected Russian gangster and phisherman, caught red-handed with \$200,000 worth of stolen goods and \$15,000 cash, has been charged in the US on several counts of identity and credit card fraud.
Reebok Debuts Pricey Pump 2.0s The US\$100-plus sneaker is back with a vengeance touting a range of bells and whistles that will have you walking in air with no need for laces ever again.
Indo-Pak ODI much more than a cricket match: Inzamam KOLKATA, India, Nov 11 (AFP): Pakistan #39;s first one-day cricket match in India in five years is more about  #39;building relations quot; than winning or losing, visiting captain Inzamam-ul-Haq said Thursday.
Santana captures Cy Young Award CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Minnesota Twins pitcher Johan Santana won the American League Cy Young Award Thursday, becoming the first unanimous winner since Arizona #39;s Randy Johnson two years ago.
Roddick, Fish lead US challenge NEW YORK -- World number two Andy Roddick and 37th-ranked Mardy Fish will lead the United States in next month #39;s Davis Cup final against hosts Spain.
Randle #39;s temper may cost him the season CHAMPAIGN - Brian Randle #39;s second season with the Illinois basketball team may have suffered a knockout punch Wednesday. The athletic wing forward broke a bone and suffered a dislocation in his left hand 
Germany Could Lose Third Olympic Equestrian Gold Germany, stripped of two equestrian gold medals in Athens, will almost certainly lose a third Olympic title after one of its show jumping horses failed a dope test.
Vanunu re-arrested Former nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu has been re-arrested in Israel, the BBC and Israeli media reported Thursday. Vanunu, who was freed in April after spending 18 years 
MSN Launches Search Beta (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - On Thursday, Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) MSN division launched a beta version of a search engine that appears designed to compete directly with Web search leader Google.
Colombia Says It's Winning Vs. Rebels (AP) AP - The Colombian government is winning in its offensive against Marxist rebels in their jungle strongholds, the country's new army chief said Thursday.
Court Dismisses Takeover Bid Challenge (AP) AP - Gold Fields Ltd. lost another round Thursday in its battle to fight off a hostile takeover bid by Harmony Gold Mining Co. when a Johannesburg court dismissed a request to declare the bid unlawful.
Microsoft Sees  #36;100 Million First Day for 'Halo 2' Game (Reuters) Reuters - First-day sales of Microsoft\Corp.'s  new video game "Halo 2" will reach  #36;100\million, a senior Microsoft games executive said on Tuesday.
U.N. Downplays S. Korean Nuke Experiments (AP) AP - South Korean nuclear experiments revealed earlier this year produced minute amounts of weapons-grade uranium and plutonium, but there was no evidence linking them to an attempt to make weapons, the U.N. atomic watchdog agency said Thursday.
GM Deal: Hitch Included (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Well, it looks like General Motors (NYSE: GM - News) has done it once again. The auto industry's leader in offering consumer incentives has come up with a brand new pitch to try to lure buyers into its showrooms. If you buy and finance a 2005 GM vehicle by the end of November, the next GM vehicle you purchase within five years can be financed at today's low rates -- as long as the vehicle is purchased before the initial loan expires.
Intel Introduces New Itanium, but Microsoft Skips It (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Intel has introduced a third-generation Itanium 2 into the market, but Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has noted that its Windows Server 2003 Compute Cluster Edition will not run on servers with the chip.
French Courts Give Rights Win to Apple (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The French Competition Council has dismissed a Virgin France complaint against Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL), saying that Apple did not violate rules regarding market dominance.
Intel Names Otellini New CEO  SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Intel Corp. on Thursday  said President Paul Otellini, a marketing expert, would replace  Craig Barrett as chief executive, at a time when the No. 1  microchip maker looks for markets beyond personal computers and  for new technologies to speed up PCs.
Trade to Dominate Bush's Farm Agenda (AP) AP - President Bush will begin a second term barely a year after the United States had its first case of mad cow disease and as Japan and other countries maintain bans on U.S. beef.
Coke: Looks Like Sody Pop In trimming its projections, Coca-Cola now looks like a couple other companies that have rebounded.
Jones Apparel to Buy Barneys for \$400 Mln  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Barneys New York, the luxury  retailer that sells couture clothes to the rich and famous, on  Thursday agreed to be acquired by clothing manufacturer Jones  Apparel Group Inc. for \$400 million.
I Caught You Looking! An innocent financial background check can send ripples through your credit file.
Tiffany Posts Unexpected Dip in Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Luxury jeweler Tiffany   Co.    on  Thursday posted an unexpected drop in quarterly earnings and  slashed its profit forecast, as weak silver jewelry sales in  Japan and higher diamonds and precious metals costs more than  offset improved U.S. sales.
GM Deal: Hitch Included General Motors offers consumers chance to lock in today's rates, but there's this five-year clause.
Stocks Rally as Oil Drops; Techs Strong  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks shot higher on Thursday as  oil prices resumed their retreat, while technology shares sped  ahead, helped by Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and Intel Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;
Vikings' Losses Echo Last Season's Woes (AP) AP - After starting 5-1, the Minnesota Vikings have lost two straight, a scary portent for a team that won its first six a year ago, then lost seven of its last 10.
Steel Partners Bids \$700 Mln for Gencorp  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. investment fund Steel Partners II  on Thursday offered to buy 90 percent of Gencorp Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GY.N&lt;/A&gt; it  does not already own for about \$700 million, driving shares to  highs not seen in more than five years.
Tire Makers Oppose U.S. Plan for Monitors  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Big tire manufacturers are formally  opposing portions of a proposed regulation that would require  tire pressure monitoring systems on all passenger vehicles,  saying the government's current plan could actually increase  the risk of tire failure.
Illinois' Randle Out Up to 10 Weeks (AP) AP - Illinois forward Brian Randle is expected to miss six to 10 weeks with a broken hand, an injury caused when he punched a padded wall after becoming frustrated during a scrimmage.
Iran Answer on Nuke Freeze Falls Short - Diplomat  VIENNA/TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran failed on Thursday to give a  definitive answer to an EU demand it freeze sensitive nuclear  activities or face referral to the UN Security Council for  possible sanctions, a diplomat familiar with the talks said.
Israel Arrests Nuke Whistleblower Vanunu for 'Leak'  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli police put nuclear  whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu under house arrest on Thursday  on suspicion of spilling more state secrets, seven months after  he completed an 18-year prison term for treason.
Playboy is a Mirror for Tomcat? \\This is really strange.\\Today I wanted to download a Tomcat source tarball and it pointed me to this\mirror:\\mirrors.*playboy.com*/apache...\\The full link to the Tomcat tarball is here :\\Whats up with that?  \\More evidence that Tomcat  is just cat on the prowl for a kitten in need:\\caption: Can you pass the Tomcat Rorschach  test? \\
Another Rojo Review \\It seems Slacker Manager has reviewed  Rojo (as well as a few other\aggregators:\\"I wanted a web-based one, since I want to get to it from home and work.  I\know there are a bunch of entries flooding this space these days, but here's\what I've tried: a customized Yahoo! page, Bloglines, Kinja and Rojo.  The\bummer is that they're each so different that it takes a while to decide\whether you like 'em or not.  I've been flipping through each of them off and\on for a while now, and I've decided that I really like Rojo.  They're a\relatively new entry, but the stuff they're offering is, so far, just what I'm\looking for.  They bill themselves as adding a social networking bit to the\RSS reading ...\\
The Netherlands: Death of Theo van Gogh The internet #39;s bloggers soon got to grips with Rohan Jayasekera #39;s diatribe against the legacy of murdered Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh.
Israeli Nuclear Whistle Blower Arrested (AP) AP - Heavily armed police commandos stormed a Jerusalem church compound and arrested nuclear whistle blower Mordechai Vanunu on Thursday, drawing harsh condemnation from the Anglican Church to which he belongs.
Blockbuster Offers  #36;700M for Rival Chain (AP) AP - Blockbuster Inc., facing new attacks from big retailers and online operators, has offered  #36;700 million for rival Hollywood Entertainment Corp. in a bid to combine the two biggest players in the movie-rental industry.
Sears Up 5 Pct on Real Estate Enthusiasm (Reuters) Reuters - Sears, Roebuck and Co.  shares\rose 5 percent on Thursday on continued investor enthusiasm\over the value of the retailer's property after last week's\disclosure that a real estate investment trust has more than a\4 percent stake in the firm.
Quechua 1.0: Microsoft to launch Windows in the language of the Inca (AFP) AFP - Microsoft will translate its blockbuster computer software Windows and Office into Quechua, the language of the indigenous Inca, for Andean nations from Argentina to Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru, where it is spoken, the company said.
Survey: Format Influenced Voter Priorities (AP) AP - This presidential election has been described by many as one in which morality mattered most to voters. But that perception may be driven at least partially by how pollsters asked voters about their priority issues.
Sears Up 5 Pct on Real Estate Enthusiasm  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck and Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; shares  rose 5 percent on Thursday on continued investor enthusiasm  over the value of the retailer's property after last week's  disclosure that a real estate investment trust has more than a  4 percent stake in the firm.
Microsoft Unveils Beta MSN Search Site Microsoft on Thursday officially unveiled the new beta version of its MSN Search site, the company #39;s hotly anticipated attempt to take on Google for Web searching.
Wanted by the police: A good interface SAN JOSE, Calif.--San Jose has a reputation as one of the safest large cities in the nation, with the fewest police officers per capita.
Crude futures fall despite renewed heating oil fears ahead of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oil prices fell Thursday after moving close to US\$49 a barrel as markets digested news of a rise in crude inventories but lower-than-expected US heating oil stocks.
Evansville Airline Pulling Out Airline passengers flying out of Evansville will soon have fewer choices. Newswatch has learned one of the airport #39;s major carriers is pulling out.
Microsoft releases Beta MSN Search to counter Google As announced earlier, Microsoft today released the second beta of their upcoming Search Engine, which would replace the current version running on MSN website.
Google Makes Gmail Portable Google is rolling out POP support for Gmail, allowing customers to download messages to Outlook and other client-side applications.
Life-or-death UI issues The San Jose Police Department offers an object lesson in how to build a poor user interface, as the New York Times #39; Katie Hafner reports.
Ga. evolution dispute embarrasses some First, Georgia #39;s education chief tried to take the word  quot;evolution quot; out of the state #39;s science curriculum. Now a suburban Atlanta county is in federal court over textbook stickers 
Arsenal peace pact with United Arsenal today told the Football Association they do not need to arrange a peace summit before their Carling Cup quarter-final with Manchester United.
England v Canada (Sat) England aim to launch a new era under coach Andy Robinson with a handsome victory over Canada in the first of three autumn Tests at Twickenham.
Johan Santana set the Twins #39; single-season club record with 265 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MINNEAPOLIS -- For much of the 2004 season, Twins pitcher Johan Santana didn #39;t just beat opposing hitters. Often, he overwhelmed and owned them in impressive fashion.
The US team is set for Spain for the Davis Cup final NEW YORK Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will represent the United States in singles play at next month #39;s Davis Cup final against Spain.
Iran gives contradictory answer to European proposal PARIS, November 11 (Itar-Tass) - Iran has given an official reply to the proposal of three Euroepan nations known as  quot;troika quot; to freeze its uranium enrichment program in exchange for broad cooperation with the European Union, including in nuclear energy.
Sharon says recent events may be turning point in Mideast Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that the recent events could be a historic turning point for the Middle East, without mentioning the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Pakistan team to visit Ganguly #39;s restaurant, watch Mughal-e-Azam: Sports India, Cricket: Kolkata, Nov 11 : The Pakistan cricket team will visit Indian captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s restaurant and watch a colour-version of the classic Indian film Mughal-e-Azam here Thursday.
Former PGA Champion Harper passes away Among the players Harper beat at the PGA Championship, which was contested in match play at the time, were Dick Metz, Bob Toski, Lloyd Mangrum and Jimmy Demaret.
S Korea chided for nuclear tests The UN nuclear watchdog says South Korea's illegal nuclear tests were on a bigger scale than declared.
Otellini: soft-spoken, ruthless and an Intel lifer Intel selects consummate insider as next CEO. Can he take Intel beyond the PC?
US Airways to end flights to Evansville EVANSVILLE, Ind. -- US Airways will discontinue service in Evansville beginning Dec. 19, Evansville Regional Airport officials said.
Schwab plans new, smaller branches SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Charles Schwab  amp; Co. is opening new offices that are smaller than its current branches as part of a plan to cut costs and compete with discount-brokerage rivals, the company said Thursday.
UPDATE 1-Schwab adjusts branch network to save costs Charles Schwab Corp. (SCH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the discount brokerage giant, said on Thursday it will merge 19 branches into existing offices and open 54 satellite offices 
Courts not convinced in Apple DRM battle Virgin #39;s attempt to force Apple to open up its digital rights management (DRM) technology has failed. The French Competition Council has dismissed a Virgin France case that alleged Apple had abused market dominance.
Gunners, Devils to call truce With Arsenal set to meet Manchester United in the quarter finals of the Carling Cup, the Football Association is keen for the two clubs to call a truce following their fiery league game last month.
Tokyo battered by record winds; 14 injured Record-breaking winds struck Tokyo on Sunday, beaching a tanker, toppling trees, halting trains and injuring at least 14 people in and near the capital, police and weather officials said.
Arafat #39;s death critical time for Palestinian people - Goff The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was a critical time for his people who must now address the question of his successor, Foreign Affairs Minister Phil Goff said today.
Tech Stocks at 7-Month High as Oil Drops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite  stock index rose to a 7-month high on Thursday as crude oil  prices tumbled, alleviating worry that high energy costs will  erode corporate profits.
Gap's gadget garment blasts your favorite tunes Wearable tech goes mainstream as the Gap introduces jacket with built-in radio.\
Intel's Pentium M finally attracts US consumers Intel Corp.'s Pentium M mobile processor is finally starting to gain ground against older mobile technologies in the eyes of U.S. consumers, 18 months after it was introduced to rave reviews, according to recent data from Current Analysis Inc.
A Hollywood Blockbuster Blockbuster tries to remove Hollywood Entertainment from its list of ferocious competitors.
Intel's Extreme Makeover Plus, Coke loses some fizz, PeopleSoft sort of says no, and has Starbucks' value peaked?
Global Wi-Fi Access Deal Makes World Wireless Agreement creates instant access to 20,000 wireless hotspots in 11 countries.
No. 2 Oklahoma Wins Big 12 Title Game Over Colorado KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Sports Network) - Adrian Peterson rushed for 171 yards and three scores, as the second-ranked Oklahoma Sooners likely punched their ticket to the Orange Bowl with a 42-3 pasting of the Colorado Buffaloes in the Big 12 championship game.
S.E.C. Warns American Exchange Officials of Civil Charges The top three executives of the American Stock Exchange may face civil charges for failing to properly enforce the exchange's rules.
Clinton vs. the evil alien overlords Microsoft isn't the only company soaking up the gravy from this week's release of "Halo 2", the smash successor to the company's breakthrough shooting game for its Xbox console. Missing Links
Dell Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest  personal computer maker,  on Thursday posted a higher quarterly  profit, helped by market share gains and lower component costs  despite slowing demand for corporate PCs.
Inuit Seek to Pressure U.S. to Slow Arctic Thaw (Reuters) Reuters - Inuit hunters threatened by an\accelerating thaw of the Arctic want to amend a U.N. convention\to put pressure on Washington to do more to slow global\warming, an Inuit leader said on Thursday.
Finding No Fish, Ghanaians Turn to Bushmeat, Report Says (Reuters) Reuters - Overfishing by subsidized European\fleets off the coast of West Africa is hurting local fisheries\and forcing people to slaughter wildlife to get enough to eat,\researchers said on Thursday.
Fed makes it four in a row : The Federal Reserve on Wednesday nudged US interest rates up a quarter percentage point for the fourth time this year, citing healthier job markets and indicating it will press on with a rate-rise campaign.
Dell reports strong third-quarter profit NEW YORK - Dell Inc., the worlds largest personal computer maker, Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, helped by market share gains and lower component costs despite slowing demand for corporate PCs.
Analysis: Intel #39;s new CEO faces big challenges SAN JOSE, Calif. - Intel Corp. #39;s long-awaited executive changes were viewed as a net positive by analysts, although the new guard faces some major challenges amid a difficult period for the chip giant.
S amp;P may cut Blockbuster #39;s rating Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Thursday said it may cut its ratings on Blockbuster Inc.(BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) deeper into junk, citing the company #39;s offer to buy competitor Hollywood Entertainment Corp.
Sino-Brazilian ties enter new era Relations between China and Brazil have remarkably improved since the two countries established diplomatic relations 30 years ago, and both sides hope their ties will be strengthened in a time of challenges and opportunities.
Nortel Misses Third Refiling Deadline Nortel Networks Corp. (NT) warned on Thursday it will again delay filing restated financial results, shaking investor confidence in the leading telecom equipment maker and sending its stock lower.
Report: Telecordia to be Bought for \$1.3B Warburg Pincus Equity Partners and Providence Equity Partners are reportedly in negotiations to buy Telecordia Technologies for \$1.
Moody #39;s cuts Bombardier ratings, outlook negative Moody #39;s Investors Service said on Thursday it cut Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) and its unit #39;s senior unsecured debt ratings, with a negative outlook.
Chip Stocks Up on Intel Personnel Changes The chip sector enjoyed some gains Thursday, led by Intel, which announced an executive shuffle, and other industry players whose shares rose after getting a boost from analyst upgrades.
Schwab unit to merge 19 branches, launch 54 satellite offices SAN FRANCISCO (Dow Jones/AP) -- Financial services firm Charles Schwab Corp. said its brokerage subsidiary will open 54 satellite offices as part of a change in its retail branch strategy aimed at providing more in-person financial advice.
Tax query for BP's Russian ally Russian tax officials are reportedly asking for tax arrears of  \$87.5m from oil firm TNK-BP, which is half-owned by UK oil giant BP.
UN Nears Showdown on Pact to Ban Stem Cell Study (Reuters) Reuters - Talks at the United Nations\appear to have failed to avert a new U.N. confrontation over a\U.S.-led drive to ban all cloning of human embryos including\for stem cell research, diplomats said on Thursday.
Vanunu arrested by Israeli police The Israeli former nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu, released in April, is arrested again, police say.
Coke Cuts Earnings, Volume Targets  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Soft drink giant Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;,  stung by a prolonged downturn in North America, Germany and  other major markets, on Thursday lowered its key long-term  earnings and sales targets.
Kohl's Profit Up on New Clothing Brands  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Kohl's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KSS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KSS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  posted a 19 percent rise in its third-quarter profit, as the  department store retailer took fewer markdowns and rolled out  new clothing brands.
Attacking the alternative The Mozilla Foundation celebrated the worldwide release of Firefox 1.0 Tuesday as new Mydoom variants exploited yet another Internet Explorer vulnerability.
Wireless Carriers Ink International Roaming Deal While there is some concern that roaming fees, which are being waived until the end of the year, will later be reimposed, Ken Dulaney of Gartner does not think this is likely, because the agreement 
POP Goes the Gmail  quot;It #39;s your mail, quot; the Google Web site said.  quot;You should be able to choose how and where you read it. You can even switch to other e-mail services without having to worry about losing access to your messages.
Ion drive probe set for lunar orbit LONDON, NOVEMBER 11: A spacecraft the size of a washing machine and driven by a revolutionary ion motor will begin a braking sequence on Monday that should make it the first European mission to enter lunar orbit.
Microsoft Issues Only One Fix in Monthly Security Update In sharp contrast to last month #39;s barrage of critical patches, Microsoft today offered up just one  quot;important quot; fix for users to implement in its scheduled round of security updates for November.
Environmentalists intend to sue over sharp-tailed grouse SANTA FE, NM -- A coalition of environmental groups plans to sue the federal government over its failure to list the Columbian sharp-tailed grouse as an endangered species.
Target Posts Higher Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Target Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TGT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TGT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  discount retailer, on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit  on stronger sales and gains from selling its Mervyn's  department store chain, and forecast 2004 would end well.
Pizza pair scoff at FA #39;s call to order THE Football Association is determined to bring forward the peace summit between Arsenal and Manchester United, despite the clubs opposition to being forced into a superficial show of reconciliation.
Paul cracks code to go on mission for England THE perception now is that rugby leagues best qualities have been absorbed by rugby union, considering the influence of its former adherents in the England team that 
Toward sensible soccer tiebreakers The Columbus Crew, the professional soccer team that represents Columbus, Ohio, didnt make it to the Major League Soccer championship game to be played on Sunday, but the Crew did compile an 18-game unbeaten streak during the regular season, best in 
Truby gets one-year contract Kansas City Royals: The Royals signed third baseman Chris Truby to a one-year contract. Financial terms were not disclosed. Truby, 30, spent last season with the Pirates #39; Triple-A affiliate at Nashville, where 
Red Sox present World Series trophy to Rhode Island Boston Red Sox pitcher Bronson Arroyo and team president Larry Lucchino took the World Series trophy to Rhode Island on Thursday, as fans gathered to celebrate the historic accomplishment.
New York Launches Final 2012 Olympics Bid Bob Beamon, 1968 Olympic long jump gold medalist, is cheered on by a stream of children as he runs over the Brooklyn Bridge carrying New York #39;s final bid for the 2012 Olympics, Thursday, Nov. 11, 2004 in New York.
Messina held by Palermo Heavy rain made for difficult playing conditions and it was not until the latter stages that the teams went close to breaking the deadlock but on both occasions they struck the woodwork.
Iran #39;s nuclear deal  #39;not definitive #39; Iran #39;s answer on to a European Union (EU) demand that it freeze sensitive nuclear work such as uranium enrichment has been described as not too disappointing but not completely definitive by an EU diplomat familiar with the talks.
Israelis seize Vanunu inside cathedral MORDECHAI VANUNU, the former technician who exposed Israels secret nuclear weapons programme, was detained by Israeli police for several hours yesterday, seven months after completing an 18-year prison sentence for treason.
UN envoy to Iraq discusses political process with Prime Minister 11 November 2004 - The senior United Nations envoy to Iraq met today in Baghdad with interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi to discuss the latest developments in the country, a UN spokesman said today.
Roddick to Lead U.S. Against Spain in Davis Cup Final  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World number two Andy Roddick will  lead the U.S. against Spain in the Davis Cup final next month.
Blair Flies to Stand by Bush in Post-Arafat Plans  LONDON (Reuters) - As George W. Bush formulates his plans  for a Middle East without Yasser Arafat, British Prime Minister  Tony Blair will be standing where he says he belongs: right by  the U.S. president's side.
Delta Pilots Agree to Cuts Delta Air Lines pilots have agreed to slash their salaries by nearly a third and forgo pay raises for five years to help the struggling airline avoid bankruptcy, their union announced Thursday.
Iraq Rebels Hit Back Amid Falluja Battles  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. troops fought to crush  resistance in the Iraqi city of Falluja on Thursday, but rebels  hit back with an armed rampage in Mosul and a car bomb that  killed 17 people in a crowded Baghdad street.
Samsung to Sell U.S. High-Speed Phone in Early 2005  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=005930.KS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;005930.KS&lt;/A&gt; plans to introduce a mobile telephone with  high-speed Internet links in the United States in the first  quarter of next year, an executive said on Thursday.
New rebel tactics emerge in Fallujah US marines faced a tough fight Thursday as insurgents began a counterattack timed with an Islamic holy night.
Intel's Pentium M finally attracting U.S. consumers Mobile chip makes inroads as prices drop and Intel de-emphasizes clock speed.
Nevada exit poll shows voters prefer paper receipt A Washington-based public opinion firm has released the results of an election day survey of Nevada voters showing 81 support for the issuance of paper receipts when votes are cast electronically.
Dell Posts \$846M in 3rd-Quarter Earnings Dell Inc. said its profit surged 25 percent in the third quarter as the world's largest personal computer maker posted record sales due to rising technology spending in the corporate and government sectors in the United States and abroad.
On litter-strewn street, Palestinians mourn After 36 years in which he influenced and dominated their lives, Arafat's death is still hard to absorb.
Dell's Q3 results set company records Dell continued to outpace the rest of the IT industry during its third quarter, with strong growth in shipments, revenue and net income.
Insurers face new technology reality The insurance industry could soon be forced to embrace CRM tools, middleware and straight-through processing technology to cope with insurance regulation reforms that would require greater oversight.
Meyer accepts coaching job at Florida GAINSVILLE, Florida (Ticker) - Urban Meyer has chosen old friend Bernie Machen over his former friends at Notre Dame. On Saturday, Florida announced that Meyer has accepted an offer to replace Ron Zook as the school #39;s 21st football coach.
Wi-Fi a/b/g superchip threatens Bluetooth Tiny triple-mode adapter could mean smart phones with wireless Ethernet as a standard feature.
W.H.O. Panel Backs Gene Manipulation in Smallpox Virus A committee has recommended that scientists be allowed to manipulate a gene in the smallpox virus for the first time to speed up discovery of drugs effective against the virus.
Q A: Sun's Jonathan Schwartz on the Solaris 10 launch With Sun Microsystems set to detail its plans for Solaris 10 on Monday, Sun President and COO Jonathan Schwartz spoke with Computerworld about what the company has up its open-source sleeve.
Tumbling dollar is bringing a global moment of truth WHEN the worlds leading currency goes on the slide, be braced for all manner of latent trouble to come to the fore. The slide in the greenback, renewed after disappointing US jobs numbers last Friday, is 
T-Mobile in Wi-Fi Roaming Pact T-Mobile has signed a deal with six international wireless carriers to provide its customers with access to Wi-Fi hotspots around the world.
ESA TV Service Coverage of Smart-1 Lunar Insertion In the night of 15-16 November, ESA #39;s Smart-1 space probe is scheduled to enter into an orbit around the Moon. This operation is not without danger, as it means traversing an area in which the gravitational 
Roddick, Fish lead US Davis Cup team US Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe said Thursday Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will play singles in the Davis Cup finals against Spain next month.
Woodwork leaves Sicilian derby goalless The first Serie A derby between two Sicilian teams in nearly 40 years ended goalless on Thursday as Messina were held at home to Palermo.
Microsoft issues one fix in monthly security update Microsoft this week released a patch to fix an important vulnerability in Internet Explorer, even as a new worm that took advantage of an as-yet-unpatched hole in the Web browser spread.
Northrop, Boeing consider teaming on manned space vehicle Northrop Grumman Corp. and the Boeing Co. may work as a team in a competition to develop NASAs project to send astronauts to the moon, Mars and beyond, Northrop Grumman officials said this week.
Dell Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Dell Inc., the world's largest\personal computer maker,  on Thursday posted a higher quarterly\profit, helped by market share gains and lower component costs\despite slowing demand for corporate PCs.
Make Arafats dream a reality - Annan UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan today urged Palestinians and Israelis to work with the international community to make Yasser Arafats dream of two states living in peace a reality.
Yasir Arafat Dies NEW YORK - Palestinian Authority President Yasir Arafat, the longtime symbol of Palestinian nationalism, died Wednesday at 9:30 PM ET in France after receiving treatment at a Paris military hospital.
The Airbus Showdown The United States and Europe are edging toward their biggest trade dispute everand the United States shouldn #39;t blink. The dispute involves competition between Boeing 
MLS, players #39; union reach tentative agreement Major League Soccer and its players #39; union tentatively agreed on a five-year labor contract Thursday, ending nearly 1 years of negotiations.
Royals seeking Mr. Right Now KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. -- The task seems straightforward. The Royals need an interim third baseman to bridge the gap until Mark Teahen is ready for regular duty in the majors.
Miami Could Still Shake Up Front Office (AP) AP - The future of Miami Dolphins general manager Rick Spielman might be less secure than he's suggested.
Q A: i2's Sanjiv Sidhu on SCM strategies At this week's Directions 2004 user conference, Sanjiv Sidhu, the co-founder, chairman and interim CEO of supply chain management software maker i2 Technologies Inc., talked about his company's plans.
Future Watch: Supercomputing technology to keep tabs on Much of the technology being showcased at this week's SC2004 supercomputing conference could eventually make its way into corporate IT data centers, say supercomputing backers.
NBA Sets First-Week Attendance Record (AP) AP - A record 17 home-opener sellouts brought NBA attendance to 95 percent capacity for the first week of the season.
Energy execs debate future of broadband over power lines Energy executives whose organizations are pioneering the delivery of broadband-over-power-line services see potential in new consumer revenue streams and utility applications such as real-time grid monitoring.
O'Brien Sues OSU for  #36;3.4 Million (AP) AP - Former Ohio State basketball coach Jim O'Brien sued the school, claiming he is owed at least  #36;3.4 million because his firing violated terms of his contract.
Dell's third quarter results break company records SAN FRANCISCO - Dell Inc. continued to outpace the rest of the IT industry in the company's third quarter with sizzling growth in shipments, revenue, and net income adding up to the best quarter yet for the hardware vendor, the company said Thursday.
Telcordia to sell for \$1.3B: newspaper Warburg Pincus, Providence Equity close to acquiring former part of AT amp;T Bell Labs, report says. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Two investment firms are about to close a deal to acquire telecommunications software company Telcordia Technologies Inc.
Soy Group Sees Ample Fungicide Supply for Rust WASHINGTON - US farmers should have enough fungicide available next year to combat the newly arrived soybean rust disease, and federal regulators may speed up the approval of additional chemical treatments, the American Soybean Association said.
SBC Details Fiber Plans SBC Communications Inc. on Thursday announced plans to reach 18 million homes with an IP network by the end of 2007 at a cost of \$4 billion.
Texas #39; Johnson was a finalist in 2003 ORLANDO, Fla. -- Southern California senior Matt Grootegoed on Thursday was named one of three finalists for the Butkus Award, which is presented to the nation #39;s top college linebacker.
End of the Arafat era A DETAILED plan to revitalise the Middle East peace process will be agreed today as Tony Blair and George Bush attempt to exploit the opportunity presented by Yassir Arafats death.
Rebels spread chaos to Mosul INSURGENT fighters seized key areas of the northern city of Mosul yesterday, raiding police stations, shelling US and Iraqi soldiers and threatening Iraqs third largest city with the same disorder that provoked the assault on Fallujah.
Iraq Rebels Hit Back Amid Falluja Battles (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. troops fought to crush\resistance in the Iraqi city of Falluja on Thursday, but rebels\hit back with an armed rampage in Mosul and a car bomb that\killed 17 people in a crowded Baghdad street.
Samsung to Sell U.S. High-Speed Phone in Early 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.\(005930.KS) plans to introduce a mobile telephone with\high-speed Internet links in the United States in the first\quarter of next year, an executive said on Thursday.
Reds Agree to Minor League Deals (AP) AP - Left-hander Jeriome Robertson, right-hander Josh Hall and outfielder Kenny Kelly agreed Thursday to minor league contracts with the Cincinnati Reds.
Supreme Court to Hear Case on Cable as Internet Carrier The Supreme Court stepped into one of the most heated debates over the future of the Internet: how to classify Internet cable service for purposes of federal regulation.
NBA Sets First-Week Attendance Record A record 17 home-opener sellouts brought NBA attendance to 95 percent capacity for the first week of the season.
O'Brien Sues OSU for \$3.4 Million Former Ohio State basketball coach Jim O'Brien sued the school, claiming he is owed at least \$3.4 million because his firing violated terms of his contract.
Microsoft Deadline in Calif. Settlement Extended  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Consumers and businesses in California  will have until Jan. 8 to claim their part of a \$1.1 billion  class action settlement with Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; after the  California Superior Court awarded an extension, plaintiff's  attorneys said on Thursday.
AOL's Broadband  Service in South to End America Online, which earlier this year stopped signing up new broadband customers, is telling existing broadband subscribers in nine Southern states that they must find a new broadband carrier by Jan. 17. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Energy futures prices rebound on NYMEX Energy futures prices rebounded in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange Wednesdayone day after energy prices had plummeted.
UPDATE 3-SBC sees \$5 billion in costs for fiber build SBC Communications (SBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) expects to spend about \$5 billion over the next three years to build and connect consumers to a high-speed 
China builds on ties with Brazil China #39;s president Hu Jintao is visiting Brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy his country #39;s burgeoning demand for foreign goods.
Warburg, Providence to buy Telcordia for \$1.3 bln-WSJ Warburg Pincus Equity Partners and Providence Equity Partners are close to buying telecommunications-software company Telcordia Technologies Inc.
Martha Stewart Living to replace CEO Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia is expected to name former ABC Entertainment President Susan Lyne as its new chief executive, replacing Sharon Patrick, according to a report on New York Magazines Web site on Thursday.
USDA confirms Asian soybean rust in US USDA #39;s Animal Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) this morning announced it has confirmed a detection of soybean rust from two test plots at Louisiana State University near Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Tech Stocks Lead Way as Markets Surge The tech move upward was led by Intel, which rose by 1.3 percent after announcing its longtime president and COO would move up to CEO next May.
Pixar reports profits up 70 percent EMERYVILLE, Calif. - Pixar Animation Studios said Thursday that third-quarter profit surged 70 percent as revenue continued to climb and said its newest film,  quot;The Incredibles, quot; is posting strong returns.
Wireless Carriers Ink International Roaming Deal There is some concern that roaming fees, which are being waived until the end of the year, will later be reimposed. Ken Dulaney of Gartner does not think this is likely, however, because the agreement 
NASA to Attempt Mach 10 Flight Next Week Dirak writes  quot;NASA intends to break its own aircraft-speed record for the second time this year by flying X43a scramjet ten times faster than sound.
Design Questions and Public Safety SAN JOSE has a reputation as one of the safest large cities in the nation, with the fewest police officers per capita. Yet a number of the 1,000 officers in this city of 925,000 in the heart 
FBI Makes Arrest in Windows Source Code Theft A Connecticut man arrested on charges of selling Windows 2000 and Windows NT 4.0 source code stolen from a Microsoft Corp. partner faces up to 10 years in prison and a fine of \$250,000, according to a complaint unsealed by a New York court.
Santana #39;s amazing run ends in no-question Cy Young Hall of Famer Sparky Anderson once said,  quot;My idea of managing is giving the ball to Tom Seaver and sitting down and watching him work.
Guevara honored as MLS MVP New York, NY (Sports Network) - Amado Guevara was announced as Major League Soccer #39;s 2004 Honda Most Valuable Player on Thursday in Anaheim, California.
Sicilian Derby Ends In Draw The first ever Sicilian derby in Serie A, between Messina and Palermo ended in a goalless draw at the San Filippo stadium. In a hard-fought match between two newly promoted sides, Messina and Palermo avoided 
Names in the Game MIAMI - Dan Marino suspects the Miami Dolphins need to consider an overhaul if they are to regroup after the worst starts in team history.
Packers seek local rule THE weather forecast promises a top temperature of 6C (42.8F) for Green Bay, Wisconsin, on Sunday, which is relatively balmy by comparison with the record low for an NFL game, registered at the home of the Green Bay Packers on New Years Eve in 1967 
Contemplating a PC Market Without I.B.M. I.B.M. is in discussions to sell its PC business to Lenovo, the largest maker of PC's in China - a burgeoning market that Hewlett-Packard and Dell covet.
Norwegian Mistakenly Burns Cash for Heat (AP) AP - A Norwegian who felt a bit chilly after a night on the town and decided to stoke his fireplace didn't really have money to burn. It just turned out that way.
Dignitaries Expected at Arafat's Funeral (AP) AP - The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian and Egyptian planners and other officials.
Smart Money (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Why not take advantage of all the information available on how mutual fund managers are investing money? A year ago we offered a template to copycat the best pros. The idea was simple: take the portfolios of the longtime star fund managers and see which stocks they have in common. The thesis was that stocks liked by an assortment of smart guys must be stocks worth holding.
Buy, Sell, Insult (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Patrick Byrne, 42, likes to describe himself as a pugnacious Irish Catholic. He's not kidding. Chief executive of Overstock.com, an online retailer, Byrne has been getting into stunning, knockdown fights with analysts critical of his company. Witness Byrne's scathing e-mail replies to Donn W. Vickrey, cofounder of Camelback Research, a Wall Street research firm in Scottsdale, Ariz. that had published a series of negative reports about Byrne's discount shopping Web site. A sampling from October:
Private World (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Even though all of these giant private companies are headquartered outside the U.S., several of them are quite familiar to the American public. Sweden's Ikea has 23 furniture stores in the U.S. and 4 more under construction. Bertelsmann, the German publishing outfit, owns Random House and Family Circle magazine. Some of these private companies have been in family hands for a long while--just shy of 400 years in the case of Takenaka, the Japanese construction outfit. ...
Checking In as a Do-It-Yourself Project Several airlines have begun using machines in a growing number of United States airports that allow passengers to print out their own baggage tags.
Bush Honors 'Hidden Heroes' in Military (AP) AP - President Bush paused on Veterans Day to honor the "hidden heroes" in America's military who have fought in Iraq and Afghanistan during his presidency and in wars past. He also paid tribute to soldiers he said are waging a winning battle against insurgents west of Baghdad.
Delta Pilots Approve Concession Package  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pilots at Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Thursday ratified a concession package that will save the  carrier \$1 billion a year, in a move the company hopes will buy  it time to restructure outside of bankruptcy.
Fed Panel Presses Gulf War Illness Aid (AP) AP - A federal panel that has spent two years reviewing studies of Gulf War illnesses recommends focusing future research on the effects of the toxic substances that veterans encountered during the 1991 conflict.
Coke cuts growth goals, saying it missed trends ATLANTA Coca-Cola, the world #39;s biggest maker of soft drinks, said Thursday that it was scaling back its long-term targets for sales volume and earnings growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America.
Nortel delays report again TORONTO Nortel Networks, the Canadian telecommunications equipment maker, said Thursday that it was delaying yet again the release of much-anticipated financial reports but that it expected to have them ready early in the new year.
Japanese order data weigh on stocks TOKYO Japanese stocks fell Thursday after a government report showed that machinery orders unexpectedly declined in September, signaling that corporate investment may weaken.
S amp;P scores post-9/11 high on Fed statement, lower oil The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 index reached its highest close since the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks Thursday as stocks surged on the Federal Reserve #39;s upbeat assessment of the economy and a sharp drop in oil prices.
Telekom lifts forecast as net rises Deutsche Telekom, the largest European phone company, on Thursday raised its forecast for net income in 2004 and said it planned to pay its first dividend in three years, after its third-quarter profit more than doubled.
Pixar Profit Up 70 Percent  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Pixar Animation Studios Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PIXR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PIXR.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday reported that third-quarter profit rose 70  percent in the quarter before the release of its new hit, "The  Incredibles."
Delta Pilots Vote to Accept 32.5 Percent Pay Cut Pilots at Delta Air Lines overwhelmingly approved a new five-year contract with \$1 billion in annual concessions sought by the airline.
New MyDoom Attacks May Signal  #39;Zero Day #39; The newest version of the MyDoom worm now circulating suggests to security experts that the much-anticipated  quot;Zero Day attack quot; may have arrived.
Wireless Roaming Crosses Borders including BT, Maxis, NTT, T-Mobile, Telstra and StarHub -- announced this week a series of roaming agreements in which crossing 
Google Adds POP3 Support to Gmail Google has announced plans to beef up its Gmail service with POP, or post office protocol, over the next couple of weeks. The feature, announced yesterday, will allow users to use other 
Evolution debate ongoing in Georgia ATLANTA A debate over evolution continues in Georgia almost 80 years after the Scopes Monkey Trial in Tennessee. Earlier this year, science teachers complained when schools superintendent Kathy Cox proposed 
Horns honk in Caracas: Santana is unanimous AL Cy Young winner As joyous fans celebrated by honking car horns in Caracas, Johan Santana sounded overwhelmed. He became the first Venezuelan to win a Cy Young Award, and not only that, he was a unanimous choice.
Messina draws Palermo 0-0 Messina and Palermo played to a lacklustre 0-0 draw Thursday in the first Serie A derby between the Sicilian clubs since the Second World War.
NBA to experiment with 3-point rules in NBDL NEW YORK (SportsTicker) - The NBA appears determined to lessen the impact of the 3-pointer. First, it will test out the change in the National Basketball Development League.
Roddick to Lead US Against Spain in Davis Cup Final World number two Andy Roddick will lead the US against Spain in the Davis Cup final next month. Mardy Fish and the doubles team of Bob and Mike Bryan complete the squad for the December 3-5 tie in Seville.
Moss to miss second straight game Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - One day after being upgraded to doubtful, Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Randy Moss has been listed as out for Sunday #39;s game against the Green Bay Packers due to a right hamstring injury.
Farewell Yasser Arafat GAZA CITY, 12 November 2004 - The world will bid farewell to Abu Ammar, Yasser Arafat, as one of the towering figures of Arab politics embarks on his final journey with a state funeral in Cairo today followed by a solemn burial ceremony in Ramallah.
Pence Sees Arafat Death as Opportunity for Mideast Peace Count Indiana Congressman Mike Pence (R-District 6) among those who believe the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat could lead to peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
Lawmakers focus on NK nuclear issue Lawmakers of the ruling and opposition parties yesterday pressed the government to come up with early countermeasures to end the current stalemate in inter-Korean relations and the standoff over North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program.
EVENT LISTING FOR NOV. 12 IN TAIWAN Taipei, Nov. 11 (CNA) The following are important events scheduled to take place Friday, Nov. 12: 09: 20, A seminar on Taiwan-Japan-India cooperation organized by the Taiwan Thinktank will open at the Westin Taipei.
The Teeming Crowd in Video Games Jeffrey Griffiths, the president and chief executive of the video game retailer Electronics Boutique Holdings, spoke about the holiday season and video violence.
Dell CEO Says Considering AMD Chips for Servers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 1 personal  computer maker and the best customer of leading computer chip  maker Intel &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, is mulling using rival chips from AMD  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt;, its chief executive said on Thursday.
A Long March From Maoism to Microsoft The metamorphosis of a Communist Party expatriate to business consultant mirrors China's shift from a closed-door state to a freewheeling money-making society.
Two die in Philippine train crash At least two people die and 50 are hurt when a train plunges into a ravine in the Philippines, officials say.
Blair lands in US for Bush talks Tony Blair arrives in the US to become the first foreign leader to meet George Bush since his re-election.
Floyd Norris: \$, , : Some historical perspective The dollar is down, and a lot of the developed world is worried that this could mean the end of economic recoveries. In Europe, where the euro is routinely said to be setting new record highs, governments 
Moss to Miss Second Straight Game  EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (Sports Network) - One day after being  upgraded to doubtful, Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Randy  Moss has been listed as out for Sunday's game against the Green  Bay Packers due to a right hamstring injury.
Typhoon-Like Gusts Hit Japan; 13 Injured TOKYO - Gale-force winds pounded eastern Japan early Sunday, knocking out power to homes, stirring coastal waves that caused a tanker ship to run aground and injuring at least 13 people.
Coke scales back goals NEW YORK - Coca-Cola cut its long-term growth targets Thursday in a bid to create more realistic goals, but the company also expressed a firm belief that it can find ways to recharge its global business.
US rate hike seen as Fed meets WASHINGTON: The Federal Open Market Committee, the rate-setting panel for the US Federal Reserve, began its deliberations Wednesday with a rate hike widely expected.
Dell Posts a Higher Quarterly Profit Dell Inc. (DELL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest personal computer maker, on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, aided by market share gains and 
SBC to invest \$4 billion in fiber upgrade In preparation for offering video service, SBC will spend \$4 billion to upgrade its network infrastructure from copper to fiber optics.
Baseball GMs Split on Instant Replay (AP) AP - Upon further review, baseball will hold off on taking a look at instant replay. After watching umpires reverse almost every missed call in the postseason, major league general managers split 15-15 Thursday on whether to keep exploring the subject.
Privacy experts shun black boxes in cars Plus: Is Microsoft search engine crawling Google? News.com Extra
Up to 30 Reported Killed in Rebel Attacks in Baghdad Rebels made major attacks today against a Shiite mosque and a police station in Baghdad, killing up to 30 people, including at least 16 police officers.
Martha Stewart Names Lyne Chief as Patrick Resigns (Update1) Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., whose founder is serving a five-month prison sentence for obstructing justice, named Susan Lyne as president and chief executive officer, replacing Sharon Patrick.
Kohl #39;s 3Q Profit Up 19 Percent to \$143.8M Department store operator Kohl #39;s Corp. said Thursday that its profit grew 19 percent in the fiscal third quarter as new stores boosted revenue.
Running Deep Lake Forest - One problem the Bears happy to have is how to divide carries in the backfield when Thomas Jones returns to the lineup.
Clemens, Hentgen File for Free Agency (AP) AP - Roger Clemens, fresh off his record seventh Cy Young Award, became a free agent Thursday on the final day to file, along with former Cy Young winner Pat Hentgen.
Arafat #39;s ultimate failure was that he never dared to let go of the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Yasser Arafat died as he lived: amid confusion, intrigue and farce. His fatal ailment was described first as a stomach flu, then an unknown blood disorder or liver condition and, finally, a brain haemorrhage.
Fallujah assault sparks Iraq-wide attacks US troops are still fighting to crush resistance in the Iraqi city of Fallujah as rebels hit back with an armed rampage in Mosul and a car bomb that killed 17 people in a crowded Baghdad street.
Israel arrests nuclear whistleblower for  #39;leak #39; JERUSALEM: Israeli police have put nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu under house arrest on suspicion of spilling more state secrets, seven months after he completed an 18-year prison term for treason.
Google Adds More Searchable Pages Google stole some thunder from Microsoft #39;s introduction of a rival search engine by announcing that it has doubled the number of indexed pages its search engine processes, from 4 billion to 8 billion.
Google star of Firefox #39;s new browser Google and Mozilla may or may not be working on a Web browser together, but the two are cozier than ever with Firefox #39;s latest release.
Hackers Get Very Fast At Exploiting Microsoft Flaws A  quot;modest quot; number of PCs have been hit, but security-firm execs are focused more on just how fast the new worm appeared.
Google #39;s Gmail Gets POP Support By adding POP support to its Gmail service, Google is enabling customers to download messages to Microsoft Outlook and other applications.
Coca-Cola lowers long-term growth targets The Coca-Cola Co. is forecasting weakness in its key markets next year and is scaling back its long-term targets for earnings and sales volume growth.
SBC details plans for fiber network, IP-based TV SBC Communications Inc. plans to offer IP (Internet Protocol) TV over a fiber-based network by the end of next year, the carrier announced Thursday.
Mich. Tech: Beacon in College Football (AP) AP - There isn't enough room on a page to catalog everything that's gone wrong with big-time college football.
Otellini: soft-spoken, driven and an Intel lifer news analysis Intel selects consummate insider as next CEO. Can he take Intel beyond the PC?
Tech gadget awards offer CES 2005 sneak peek  NEW YORK - Sonos Inc.'s long-delayed digital music system, a device that combines video gaming controls with a workout machine, and the latest version of iRobot Corp.'s Roomba vacuuming disc are among the "Innovations Awards" winners that will be in the spotlight this January at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES).
Hot Gadget Preview at CES 2005 Awards Best in consumer electronics displayed at CES Innovation Awards.
MyDoom Worm May Signal Dreaded 'Zero-Day' Virus attack occurs just as PC vulnerability is discovered.
Moody #39;s Raises New York State Bond Rating New York State and its bond investors got some good news on Tuesday as Moody #39;s Investors Service said it raised the state #39;s general obligation bond rating to A1 #39; #39; from A2, #39; #39; citing a strengthening economy.
European scientists envisage robotic village on moon European scientists are about to reach for the moon. After a 13-month journey, driven by a new kind of technology, an experimental spacecraft the size of a washing machine will begin to orbit around the moon on Monday night.
Microsoft Security Bulletins Microsoft did recently announce that they are going to allow users to subscribe to the pre-alert alerts. Premium customers have been privileged to receive a heads up in advance of the actual Security Bulletins 
Samsung to Sell US High-Speed Phone in Early 2005 Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. 005930.KS plans to introduce a mobile telephone with high-speed Internet links in the United States in the first quarter of next year, an executive said on Thursday.
Trojan Mugs UK Web Banking Customers The Banker-AJ trojan has been coded to lie dormant in the background on infected Windows PCs. When users visit legitimate online banking Web sites of certain UK banks, the malicious code is 
Federer to clash with Hewitt Organisers of the 4.5-million-US-dollar Tennis Masters Cup have announced the round robin draw for the event. World number one and defending champion Roger Federer is to group 
Krenzel gets in full practice, ready to go Craig Krenzel practiced Thursday and is set to play Sunday against Tennessee despite bruised ribs.  quot;As I said yesterday, I felt like he would be OK, quot; Bears coach Lovie Smith said.
LPGA statistics Scoring: 1, Annika Sorenstam, 68.90. 2, Lorena Ochoa, 69.84. 3, Grace Park, 69.88. 4, Cristie Kerr, 70.43. 5, Mi Hyun Kim, 70.51. 6, Karen Stupples, 70.
Mavs place Finley on injured list Dallas Mavericks guard Michael Finley was placed on the injured list Thursday with a sprained right ankle. The two-time All-Star was injured in the third quarter of the 94-84 loss at Orlando on Tuesday.
Good friends outside the ring, Byrd and McCline meet for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chris Byrd and Jameel McCline are good friends who both happen to make a living hitting people in the ring. They go to dinner together and hang out at each other #39;s houses.
AOL Tells Customers to Find New Carrier (AP) AP - America Online, which earlier this year stopped signing up new broadband customers, is telling existing broadband subscribers in nine Southern states that they must find a new broadband carrier by Jan. 17.
Dell CEO Says Considering AMD Chips for Servers (Reuters) Reuters - Dell Inc. , the No. 1 personal\computer maker and the best customer of leading computer chip\maker Intel , is mulling using rival chips from AMD\, its chief executive said on Thursday.
Pentium M Draws More Buyers (PC World) PC World - Sales of laptops using Intel's mobile processor are picking up.
Motivated Seller (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Sun Microsystems has a new business model. Over the past year the intermittently profitable Santa Clara, Calif. computer maker has moved from quoting traditional pricing--per processor for hardware, per user for software--toward a surfeit of new choices. One package of software for all sorts of Internet chores comes with one free server for a flat  #36;100 per employee per year, unless the buyer has fewer than 100 employees, in which case the software is free (but the server is paid for). Or customers can buy computing power like electricity, at a rate of  #36;1 per processor per hour.
Google Search Index Booms to 8 Billion Google Search Index Booms to 8 Billion\\Google had something up their sleeve. It seems that whenever a competitor does something big, such as MSN announcing the beta launch of their new search engine, Google has to "one up" them somehow. Just as the news wires started flaming with MSN Beta ...
EU approves a small rival for BSkyB BRUSSELS The European Commission on Thursday approved a joint venture involving Disney, Columbia Pictures and a British-Irish video-on-demand company called ON Demand Group, arguing that the new entity would spur competition in a market dominated by 
Right now, it #39;s not good to be the Kings The names and the faces are pretty much the same. They look like the Sacramento Kings, wear the same uniforms, and Rick Adelman is still their coach.
Fisheries link to bushmeat trade Scientists show how European fishing policies are driving some of the bushmeat trade in west Africa.
Intel's President Is Promoted to C.E.O. The promotion will mark a subtle shift at the top of Intel - Paul Otellini promises to be a kinder, more gentle leader than his last two predecessors.
Component prices play key role in Dell earnings r Dell rode a wave of falling computer component prices to higher profits during its third quarter. The Round Rock, Texas, PC maker on Thursday posted double-digit third-quarter revenue and profit increases 
SBC lowers projected cost of fiber buildout NEW YORK SBC Communications is lowering the projected cost of its program to bring fiber-optic cables to the edge of most neighborhoods.
Japanese Stocks Gain, Led by Advantest on Oil; Aeon Declines Japanese stocks rose, led by exporters such as Advantest Corp. and Toyota Motor Corp., after a slide in oil prices in New York trading eased concern that global economic growth will slow.
Moody #39;s Upgrades Credit Rating for South Australia State to Aaa South Australia state #39;s low debt levels and robust fiscal performance #39; #39; are the key factors in upgrading its credit rating to Aaa from Aa1, Moody #39;s Investors Service said in a statement.
Big Dig leaks water and cash Massachusetts no longer has to worry about the Curse of the Bambino plaguing the Red Sox, but the Curse of the Big Dig, that never-ending Boston highway project, is still much alive.
Fossil indicates ancient brown bears migrated south before Ice Age CALGARY, Alberta -- A fossilized jaw found in an Alberta gravel pit may have cleared up a mystery for researchers wondering how brown bears originally made it across North America.
Arctic warming is good news for oil companies, but not for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Scientists have worries about the Arctic warming as they have determined that the ice in Greenland and the Arctic is melting too rapidly .
Clubhouse Is Opened to Sifford HE #39;S considered to be golf #39;s Jackie Robinson, but between puffs on a cigar, Charlie Sifford preferred to compare his struggle to that of another black man in another nation.
5 confirmed dead in train mishap in northern Philippines At least five people were killed and 48 others injured when a passenger train bound for Manila derailed and fell into a ravine in the northern Philippine province of Quezon early Friday, a local television reported.
Lawmakers question delayed response to sub Ruling bloc and opposition lawmakers Thursday criticized the government #39;s slow response to a mystery submarine that intruded into Japan #39;s territorial waters the previous day.
Dollar Inches Up Vs Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up against the yen on  Friday after disappointing growth data for Japan and was  supported against the euro by ongoing verbal intervention from  European central bankers.
Nikkei Average Rises One Percent  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose one percent in  early Friday trade after Japanese GDP data, although weak,  confounded some players' fears of a contraction and drew buyers  back to brokers and tech shares.
Santana Wins A.L. Cy Young Minnesota's Johan Alexander Santana was unanimously chosen by baseball writers as the 2004 A.L. Cy Young award winner.
Don #39;t let children buy Bonds #39; pitch The sound you just heard was the other shoe dropping. The noise you detected was that of hearts of the hopeful breaking. Who wants to believe that a massive doping scandal has taken place in several sports?
Paterno Rumor Goes Into Denial Penn State University, responding to a rumor started by a Pittsburgh radio station that Coach Joe Paterno had resigned, issued a statement yesterday denying the report.
African leaders launch peace talks as Ivory Coast evacuation &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Staring with tears in their eyes, Ivory Coast #39;s people emerged from their homes Thursday to survey the wreckage of five days of violent upheaval and stock up on food.
Over 100 injured US soldiers flown to Germany BERLIN - More than 100 American soldiers, seriously wounded during the Falluja offensive in Iraq, arrived at the United States #39; main European military hospital in Germany on Thursday, a hospital spokeswoman said.
Moss officially out for Green Bay EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. The Minnesota Vikings officially downgraded All-Pro receiver Randy Moss from doubtful to out for Sunday #39;s game at Green Bay.
REVIEW: the  #36;70 Portable Video Player (AP) AP - Most American kids get enough television, but just in case yours don't here's a good way to keep them pacified while away from the real thing: a new portable video player from Mattel.
Microsoft Launches Web Search Technology (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. finally debuted its own Web search technology on Thursday, hoping to challenge Google Inc.'s long dominance of the field with results tailored to a user's location and answers from its Encarta encyclopedia.
Bush, Blair to Discuss Life After Arafat (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush is expected to give\an outline of his vision for a Middle East without Yasser\Arafat on Friday, with his most loyal ally Tony Blair by his\side.
Microsoft Search Encounters Glitches on First Day (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.'s  widely\anticipated search engine, which launched in test mode on\Thursday, encountered some glitches on its first day, the\world's largest software maker said.
Microsoft Extends Custom Support For NT Server Through 2006 com. With Windows NT 4.0 Server support due to end on December 31, Microsoft is prodding customers to migrate as soon as possible, but also extending its custom support plan for another year to get them through the move.
Analysis / Public praise, political power It will be a long time before a new Palestinian leader commands the public admiration and political power that Yasser Arafat did. This power enabled him to make concessions that no previous Palestinian leader would have considered.
Lycos screen saver attacks spammers At the risk of breaching Internet civility, Lycos Europe is offering computer-users a weapon against spam-spewing servers: a screen-saver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down.
Microsoft Search Encounters Glitches on First Day  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; widely  anticipated search engine, which launched in test mode on  Thursday, encountered some glitches on its first day, the  world's largest software maker said.
Fossil Indicates Brown Bears Went South (AP) AP - A fossilized jaw found in an Alberta gravel pit may have cleared up a mystery for researchers wondering how brown bears originally made it across North America.
Ancient Elephant Fossil Found in China (AP) AP - Construction crews working at Beijing's main airport unearthed a fossilized thigh bone of an elephant that lived 30,000 years ago, a news report said Thursday.
Rumsfeld: El Salvador Can Be Iraq Model (AP) AP - Iraq can learn from the recent history of El Salvador, a country wrecked by civil war that has developed into stable democracy and close U.S. ally, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Thursday.
Frist Urges Democrats to Stop Filibusters (AP) AP - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist on Thursday urged Democrats to stop blocking President Bush's federal court nominees and hinted that he may try to change Senate rules to thwart their delaying tactics.
Test could spot Alzheimer's early A  test capable of diagnosing the early signs of Alzheimer's disease has been developed in the US using nanotechnology.
Wall Street takes heart from Fed #39;s upbeat economic outlook US STOCKS rose yesterday as investors were perked up by the Federal Reserves upbeat assessment of the economy and a continued drop in crude oil futures.
Asian Stocks: Japan Gains, Led by Advantest; South Korea Rises Japanese stocks rose, led by exporters such as Advantest Corp. and Toyota Motor Corp., after a slide in oil prices in New York trading eased concern that global economic growth will slow.
Coca Cola launches bid for SPC Coca-Cola Amatil is offering cash or shares in a scheme of arrangement that values the ordinary equity of SPC Ardmona at just over \$480 million.
MyDoom mutation draws on IE flaw  quot;We have only received one submission from the field, but the technical aspects of this are concerning. It has all the components there to become a significant 
Seeds suffer as French Open champion Gaudio exits at Paris Masters PARIS (CP) - American Andy Roddick surged into the third round of the Paris Masters with a 6-2, 6-2 rout of Armenia #39;s Sargis Sargsian on Wednesday while Daniel Nestor of Toronto and Mark Knowles of the Bahamas were defeated in doubles action.
Soccer: Honduran midfielder named MLS Most Valuable Player CARSON, United States : MetroStars midfielder Amado Guevara was named Major League Soccer Most Valuable Player, the seventh player from outside the United States to win the US league #39;s top solo honor.
Houllier pulls out as Welsh name manager WALES are expected to announce their new manager today, with John Toshack favoured to get the job for a second time. The Football Association of Wales has called a news conference for today after interviewing 
Venezuelans celebrate Johan Santana #39;s triumph as AL Cy Young Award &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Baseball-crazed Venezuelans celebrated pitcher Johan Santana #39;s award as the American League Cy Young winner on Thursday. Honking car horns as they heard the news on the radio and glued to television 
Spain names its Davis Cup team BARCELONA, Spain A pair of players at one time ranked number one in the world will play for Spain in the Davis Cup final next month.
Major-league reshuffling TAMPA - United Soccer Leagues announced that the organization and its professional teams have restructured the two pro leagues, the A-League and Pro Soccer League, under the USL umbrella to form a new two-tiered division.
Train derailment in Philippines kills 6 A passenger train derailed and plunged into a ravine in the northern Philippines early Friday, killing at least six people and injuring 50 others, police said.
Microsoft registers trademark--19 years late Does Microsoft's official trademark application for Excel signal an infringement crackdown?
No fun for game developers An anonymous essay criticizing video game publisher Electronic Arts is unleashing a torrent of complaints about work practices in the game world. Missing Links
Component prices play key role in Dell earnings Falling cost of PC parts gives computer maker's third quarter a boost.
AOL, Valista team up for micropayments Internet service provider's subscribers will be able to buy its premium services individually through Valista's technology.
Ironman Winner Admits Using Banned Drug FRANKFURT, Germany Nov 11, 2004 - Nina Kraft admitted taking the performance-enhancing drug EPO in the weeks leading up to her victory in the Hawaii Ironman competition, and faces a two-year ban.
Four share Champions lead SOUTH Korea #39;s Grace Park finished with a birdie today to join Americans Laura Diaz, Juli Inkster and Christina Kim in the first round Tournament of Champions lead.
Oracle #39;s  #39;best and final #39; offer rejected PeopleSoft #39;s (PSFT) board Wednesday rejected Oracle #39;s (ORCL)  quot;best and final quot; hostile takeover bid worth about \$8.
Stock markets rally on Fed statement, lower oil prices By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stock prices rallied on Friday as oil prices continued to seesaw.
SPC soars on Coke takeover SHARES in canned fruit and vegetable producer SPC Ardmona Ltd soared more than 20 per cent today after the group announced it had agreed to a takeover offer from Coca Cola Amatil Ltd.
It #39;s The Business Model That #39;s To Blame, Not The File Sharing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Good grief, the entertainment industry #39;s content cartel just won #39;t give up. Copyright owners, recording artists, publishing houses, attorneys--you name  #39;em, they #39;re lining up to file amicus briefs supporting 
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower in Early Trading TOKYO - Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday after profit-taking weighed on Wall Street shares. The dollar rose against the Japanese yen.
McGrady Sits Out With Groin, Hip Strains (AP) AP - Houston Rockets guard Tracy McGrady sat out Thursday night's game against the Minnesota Timberwolves because of nagging hip and groin strains.
Fossil Indicates Brown Bears Went South CALGARY, Alberta - A fossilized jaw found in an Alberta gravel pit may have cleared up a mystery for researchers wondering how brown bears originally made it across North America.
Cell Phone Call Quality Ranked In Central Florida ORLANDO, Fla. -- Cell phone calls made in Central Florida using T-Mobile have the fewest dropped calls and the clearest calls, according to the latest JD Power ratings.
Hollywood cant stop the BitTorrent Movie and record industry executives want Americas highest court to review a ruling legitimizing peer-to-peer software, but file-sharing networks wont give up the fight.
Egypt Prepares for Arafat's Funeral (AP) AP - Egypt prepared Thursday for a strictly controlled military funeral for Yasser Arafat where dignitaries from around the world will pay their respects, but where the people  #151; among whom Arafat was by far more popular  #151; will be mostly shut out.
Arab world mourns a defender of right HERO or villain, statesman or terrorist - Yasser Arafat proved as divisive in death as he was in life. Leaders around the world yesterday saluted his devotion to the Palestinian cause, but George Bush said 
Bush #39;s Re-election Is Likely to Foster US-China Ties PACIFIC NEWS SERVICE EDITOR #39;S NOTE: The economies of the US and China are simply too intertwined for the United States to support Taiwanese calls for independence, writes PNS contributor George Koo, an international business consultant and frequent 
Rookies Range From Wait and See, to Watch Them Go At the halfway point of the N.F.L. season, the adjustments - personal and professional - are still being made by the rookie class.
A New Prospect at UConn, 5,000 Miles From Home Rashidat Sadiq, who grew up playing basketball with older boys in her Lagos, Nigeria, neighborhood, looks like she belonged on the court at Gampel Pavilion.
No. 6 Syracuse Crushes N. Colo. 104-54 (AP) AP - Hakim Warrick had 19 points, 10 rebounds and five assists to lead No. 6 Syracuse to a 104-54 victory over Northern Colorado on Thursday night in the first round of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.
Canada-U.S. Tie 1-1 Tie in Four Nations (AP) AP - Katie King's second period goal lifted the United States into a 1-1 tie with Canada on Thursday night in the Four Nations Cup international women's hockey tournament.
Coca-Cola reduces profit targets Coca-Cola yesterday sharply reduced its long-term profit and sales targets, reflecting the entrenched slump that the world #39;s largest soft drinks firm has found itself in.
PeopleSoft shareholders seen waiting on Oracle bid The success of Oracle Corp #39;s (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) \$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
Study May ID Source of Vioxx Problem Nov. 11, 2004 -- A private research team claims to have identified a unique action of the painkiller Vioxx, which is independent of its anti-inflammatory action, that might explain why it #39;s linked to heart 
EC backs movies-on-demand Sony and Walt Disney yesterday received regulatory approval from Brussels for a video-on-demand service that will compete with BSkyB #39;s film channels.
Coca-Cola Amatil Bids A\$500 Mln to Buy SPC Ardmona (Update4) Coca-Cola Amatil Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest soft-drink maker, offered A\$500 million (\$382 million) in cash and stock for fruit canner SPC Ardmona Ltd.
Jack Schofield The preview of MSN Search had a difficult first day, with the site going down in the morning when the hordes went to play with it, and it may be unfair to judge it on its patchy start.
India announces troop reductions in Kashmir India #39;s prime minister ordered a reduction in the number of troops in the disputed Muslim-majority state of Kashmir last night, breathing new life into a peace process with Pakistan.
Liberal culture under threat in Dutch religious and ethnic crisis The Dutch government yesterday moved to reverse a long tradition as Europe #39;s most liberal haven for immigrants by signalling tougher treatment of foreigners and Muslims and greater powers for the security services, in response to the Netherlands #39; worst 
Tamil Tigers still enlisting thousands of child soldiers Thousands of child soldiers have been forcibly recruited by Tamil Tiger rebels in Sri Lanka despite a ceasefire called in 2002 between the government and the separatists, Human Rights Watch said yesterday.
Indonesia earthquake kills 1, injures 20 JAKARTA, Indonesia -- A strong earthquake rocked parts of eastern Indonesia early Friday, killing one person, injuring 20 and damaging hundreds of buildings, the state-run news agency Antara and witnesses said.
Iraq Leader Defends Assault in Fallujah (AP) AP - Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi defended the Fallujah assault, saying in a British tabloid newspaper Friday that the offensive has the support of most Iraqi people and is necessary to enable elections in January.
Japanese Stocks Higher Despite GDP Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average was 0.79 percent  higher at midsession on Friday, recovering from an early fall  on weak Japanese GDP data as some operators were relieved the  figure wasn't negative and others said it merely confirmed  their views on the economy.
MLS's Comeback Kid Jaime Moreno has come back from career-threatening back surgery a year ago to lead United in points, lead the league in assists, and score three points in three playoff matches.
Wizards Start Slow The Wizards are making up for slow starts in the first half with better play and increased scoring in the second half of games.
Terps Take Stock Maryland still has a chance, although improbable, to claim a bowl berth. To do so, the Terps need to beat Virginia Tech and win their season finale against Wake Forest.
Yen Rises Against Dollar  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen rose against the dollar on Friday  despite data showing Japanese growth came to a virtual  standstill in the third quarter, while the dollar was supported  versus the euro by verbal intervention from Europe.
Fight Night at the Hilton At the Washington Hilton and Towers, Joe Frazier, Ken Norton and other members of boxing's royalty attended Fight for Children's 15th annual Fight Night.
Giants Hold On to Warner The Giants on Thursday tried to fan away every possible wisp of a quarterback crisis. Even rookie Eli Manning tried to do his part.
World #39;s first  #39;3D #39; cell display developed Samsung, the world #39;s leading display maker, said on Wednesday that it has developed the first all-angle three-dimensional (3D) display panels for cellphones.
New Trojan Sends Spam An ingenious new Trojan is circulating that hijacks PCs and uses them to send SMS-based spam to mobile phones. After a PC has been infected, the Delf-HA Trojan contacts a Web site for details on which spam 
News: Defendant: Microsoft source code 'sale' was a setup A Connecticut man facing economic espionage charges says he wasn't serious about selling already-leaked Microsoft source code, but an undercover investigator for the software giant was determined to pay him something.\
Palestinians prepare to bury Arafat Palestinians are preparing to bury leader Yasser Arafat in the spruced up grounds of his battered West Bank headquarters on the soil of his beloved Jerusalem.
Minister urges hunting compromise Rural Affairs Minister Alun Michael urges peers to accept a compromise on hunting and says time is running out.
Palestinians Grieve Over Arafat's Death (AP) AP - Palestinians at home and abroad wept, waved flags and burned tires Thursday in an eruption of grief at the death of Yasser Arafat, the man they consider the father of their nation. The quick appointment of successors did little to dispel the huge question marks now hanging over Mideast peace efforts.
Philippine Rail Cars Crash Into Ravine, 100 Trapped (Reuters) Reuters - Rescuers in the\Philippines smashed train windows Friday to reach 100\passengers trapped when a carriage derailed and dragged other\cars into a steep ravine, killing at least 10 people.
Choice of Gonzales May Blaze a Trail for the High Court The choice of Alberto R. Gonzales as attorney general may be part of a strategy to bolster his credentials with conservatives.
Iranians, Europeans Meet on Nuclear Deal After five days of intense internal deliberations, Iranian officials met with European envoys here Thursday to seek "clarifications" on a proposed deal that would require Tehran to indefinitely suspend a pivotal aspect of its nuclear energy program that could be converted to military use, Western diplomatic sources here said.
35 U.S. Students Hurt in Chile Bus Crash Thirty-five American and two Chilean college students were injured Thursday when their bus overturned during a field trip, police and school officials said.
Safety Isn't Optional According to auto industry regulators and executives worldwide, new criteria for vehicle performance must include a car's or truck's ability to protect its occupants in a crash.
Martha Stewart Living Replaces Chief Executive With Martha Stewart in prison, her company #39;s board announced yesterday that it was replacing the president and chief executive, Sharon L. Patrick, with a television and publishing veteran who joined the board just five months ago.
Anti-rollover devices to hit 2005 SUVs Electronic anti-rollover systems will become standard equipment on 1.8 million sport utility vehicles from GM and Ford in 2005, the automakers announced today.
EPA Plans to Make Airline Water Safer Description: The Environmental Protection Agency is taking its work to the friendly skies. After random testing found contaminants, the agency decided to start regulating the water aboard airplanes.
Microsoft search: Not yet ready for prime time Microsoft #39;s latest step into the enormously profitable search sector is unlikely to win any first-stop commitments from users, but the signs are promising.
Explore your browser options FEW global companies have managed to make themselves as unpopular as Microsoft. Its defence consists of variations on:  quot;The reason nobody loves us is because were so successful.
Canada, US tie 1-1 at Four Nations Cup international women #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BURLINGTON, Vt. (CP) - Goaltender Charline Labonte was looking for her first victory against the United States, but she had to be happy with her 33-save performance in a 1-1 tie at the Four Nations Cup women #39;s hockey tournament Thursday.
Japan Buddhists pull sponsorship of Myanmar summit after regime shake-up (AFP) AFP - A Japanese group has withdrawn sponsorship of a Buddhist summit in Myanmar next month over concerns about the junta's hardline shake-up, but Yangon says it will go ahead with the event on its own.
Next Session Last for Two Vets in Congress (AP) AP - For two of Congress' old bulls, the lame duck session that begins next week will be the last roundup. Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Ted Stevens, 80, and his 73-year-old House counterpart, Rep. Bill Young, must surrender their posts by party rule when the new Congress starts in January.
S.E.C. Warns Amex Leaders It May File Civil Charges The S.E.C. notified the top three executives of the American Stock Exchange that they may face civil charges of failing to properly enforce the exchange's rules.
Weakness in Demand Shrivels Japan's Output Japan's economy grew at a worse-than-expected annual pace of 0.3 percent in the third quarter as exports and capital expenditures weakened.
Oil Prices Edge Up Toward \$48 a Barrel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices edged up toward \$48 a  barrel early on Friday as worries that an early or severe  winter could stress low winter fuel stocks helped staunch the  market's \$8 tumble from record highs.
Schwarzenegger tells Japanese investors they #39;ll  #39;be back #39; to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger tried to work his film celebrity on Japanese investors, using a trademark line from  quot;Terminator quot; to pump up the benefits of his state.
EPA Backs Nanomaterial Safety Research The Environmental Protection Agency has awarded \$4 million in grants to study the health and environmental risks posed by manufactured nanomaterials -- the new and invisibly tiny materials that 
Trojan horse spies on Web banking Security experts say they have discovered a Trojan horse that records e-banking user details and Web surfing habits. Antivirus company Sophos is warning that the Banker-AJ Trojan is targeting online customers 
Patriots Open Season With Lopsided Win Lamar Butler scored 16 points to lead five George Mason players in double figures last night as the Patriots defeated Indianapolis-Purdue Fort Wayne 69-51 in the opening round of the Coaches vs.
Expos Look to Fill Several Positions At some point, one would think Washington #39;s new Major League Baseball franchise -- assuming it does, at some point, play in Washington -- would want to plaster 
Jets Defense Bracing for Encounter With  #39;Nightmare Train #39; As an assistant coach with the Baltimore Ravens, Donnie Henderson watched running back Jamal Lewis use his speed to devour chunks of yardage and his size to overpower tacklers.
No. 3 LSU Outguns Maine 81-50 in Opener (AP) AP - Seimone Augustus scored 17 points and third-ranked LSU opened the season with an 81-50 victory over Maine in the Women's Sports Foundation Classic on Thursday.
Bush May Call for Major European Role in Post-Arafat Peace Effort President Bush is expected to call on Europe to assume a key role in helping the new Palestinian leadership build and support institutions and prepare for negotiations 
Iranians, Europeans Meet on Nuclear Deal After five days of intense internal deliberations, Iranian officials met with European envoys here Thursday to seek  quot;clarifications quot; on a proposed deal that would require 
Tech Stocks at 7-Month High as Oil Drops The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite stock index rose to a 7-month high on Thursday as crude oil prices tumbled, alleviating worry that high energy costs will erode corporate profits.
Scientists Raise Concerns about Arthritis Drug Bextra Description: Scientists say the arthritis drug Bextra may pose increased risk of cardiovascular troubles. Bextra is related to Vioxx, which was pulled off the market in September for the same reason.
Japanese Stocks Rise, Paced by Canon, Nissan as Oil Price Falls Japanese stocks rose, led by exporters such as Canon Inc. and Nissan Motor Co., after a slide in oil prices in New York trading eased concern that global economic growth will slow.
NJ Transit riders warned to expect fare hikes in July NJ Transit #39;s executive director on Thursday said the agency #39;s 400,000 daily riders should expect fare hikes of up to 15 percent starting in July to offset a projected \$50 million 
Microsoft heats up search engine war The launch of Microsoft #39;s new search engine has ignited a new war for control of the Internet, according to analysts. A global beta, or test version of MSN Search, was launched on Thursday in 26 markets and 
Governor makes novel pitch in Japan Bee Capitol Bureau. TOKYO - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, who made millions during the 1990s with wacky Japanese television commercials for noodles and energy drinks, declared here Wednesday 
Defendant: Microsoft source code  #39;sale #39; was a setup A twenty-three year old Connecticut man facing felony economic espionage charges for allegedly selling a copy of Microsoft #39;s leaked source code for \$20 says he #39;s being singled out only because the software giant and law enforcement officials can #39;t find 
Toshack tipped to be Wales manager Former Liverpool star John Toshack is tipped to become the new Wales coach when the Football Association of Wales makes the announcement on Friday.
Pak hold edge for ODI According to former Pakistan captain, Imran Khan, India have a better team than Pakistan in the platinum jubilee one day international between the two countries.
Posada OK with signing Pedro While the Red Sox celebrated their first World Series title in 86 years, Jorge Posada was on the beach in Puerto Rico, staying away from the television.
No. 6 Syracuse 104, N. Colorado 54 Syracuse had lost its last two season openers. The Orange weren #39;t about to make it three in a row. Led by Hakim Warrick and Gerry McNamara, No.
Third-ranked Lady Tigers will face Arizona State No. 3 LSU will take on Arizona State in the championship of the Women #39;s Sports Foundation Classic Friday after the Lady Tigers beat Maine 81-50 on Thursday night to give LSU head coach Pokey Chapman her first career victory.
Police attack Darfur refugee camp Police drove through a Darfur camp for displaced people on Wednesday, smashing makeshift homes with their trucks, a UN spokesman and Amnesty International said.
President #39;s plane not intercepted: MND The Ministry of National Defense (MND) yesterday denied a report in the local media, which claimed that President Chen Shui-bian #39;s (  ) presidential flight had been intercepted by 
Japan presses Pyongyang on six-party nuclear talks Japan urged North Korea on yesterday to return to six-way talks on the North #39;s nuclear weapons program in a third day of meetings focusing on the fate of missing Japanese citizens kidnapped by Northern spies, Japanese officials said.
Larkin interested in Expos com. Shortstop Barry Larkin has expressed interest in playing for the Washington-bound Expos and being reunited with interim general manager Jim Bowden.
Using a New Language in Africa to Save Dying Ones Linguists see the computer as one important way of saving hundreds of languages in Africa, some spoken only be a few dozen elders.
Verizon Wireless Makes an Appeal to Rival's Subscribers Cingular Wireless is under attack from its biggest rival, Verizon Wireless, which is trying to recapture the top spot in the cellphone industry.
Dell Profit Rises 25 as Sales Beat Growth Rate for Industry Dell Inc. said that its quarterly profit climbed 25 percent, propelled by an increase in technology spending by American businesses and a surge in sales abroad.
Companies Struggling to Meet Deadline on Financial Controls By Bloomberg News. PricewaterhouseCoopers, the third-largest accounting firm in the United States, said yesterday that 80 percent of the clients it surveyed were either struggling to meet 
Security Vendor Reports XP SP2 Holes; Microsoft Disputes Claims Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) has 10 unpatched vulnerabilities, a US security firm says. Microsoft, however, ardently disputed the claims, calling them  quot;potentially misleading and possibly erroneous.
A Legal Gun in the Open-Source Corral Who says litigation is always bad for business? SCO Group #39;s (SCOX ) litigation against sellers or users of the Linux open-source software operating system created a market opportunity for venture capitalist Daniel Egger.
Mauresmo Wins Easily in WTA Championships (AP) AP - Amelie Mauresmo routed Vera Zvonareva 6-1, 6-0 in 54 minutes at the WTA Championships on Thursday night, extending her winning streak to nine matches as the Frenchwoman tries to overtake Lindsay Davenport for the year-end No. 1 ranking.
No. 3 LSU 81, Maine 50 Seimone Augustus scored 17 points and third-ranked LSU opened the season with an 81-50 victory over Maine in the Women #39;s Sports Foundation Classic on Thursday.
Islamabad welcomes move ISLAMABAD, Nov 11: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Thursday welcomed the statement by his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh about troop reduction in the Indian-held Kashmir.
LIDAR Laser Radar Finding More Uses (AP) AP - If you've ever been pulled over for speeding, you may already know something about LIDAR. A laser-based radar system, LIDAR can tell if you're speeding by bouncing a light beam off your car and seeing how quickly it returns. From an airplane or a satellite, LIDAR can calculate the distance to the ground, and by repeating the process millions of times as it flies over, map the lay of the land.
Penn St. Denies Paterno Rumor Penn State University, responding to a rumor started by a Pittsburgh radio station that Coach Joe Paterno had resigned, issued a statement yesterday denying the report.
Caution in Court for Gay Rights Groups Gay rights groups plan to limit challenges to constitutional amendments banning gay marriage that 11 states passed last week.
In A Rush To Return RALEIGH, NC - For the past two weeks, Florida State tailback Leon Washington has been torn between a feeling of helplessness and something that almost made him feel guilty.
NBA Game Summary - Dallas at Miami All four of the Heat #39;s wins have come against Eastern Conference opponents...Miami falls to 2-1 at home...Dallas improves to 2-1 on the road...The Mavs won in Miami for only the fourth time in 15 outings...Rasual Butler had 11 points for the Heat...Jerry 
Seminoles Rally Florida State rallies past North Carolina State, 17-10, on Thursday night in a game that featured 22 punts, four turnovers and less than 250 yards of combined offense.
Nortel delays filing results -- again Nortel, which had set mid-November as the target date for releasing restated and current results, said it's near the end of the restatement process.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: New MSN Search Goes LIVE in Beta - Microsoft To Launch New Search Engine - Google Launches 'Google Advertising Professionals' - Organic vs Paid Traffic ROI? - Making Money With AdWords? - Link Building 101
GM, Ford to Increase SUV Stability Systems General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. said yesterday they are rushing to embrace a new safety technology called electronic stability control, and together they will make such systems standard 
Union Sees Progress In Talks, Hotels Don #39;t Officials representing 14 major Washington hotels and Unite Here Local 25 yesterday gave mixed reports of progress in negotiations for a new contract for 3,800 hotel workers.
Right man, right time and only choice WE #39;VE had Robbie Savage #39;s rant and talk of a players #39; mutiny over John Toshack. We #39;ve heard about a north-south split on the FAW.
Timberwolves 96, Rockets 91 Kevin Garnett hit a jumper with 8.3 seconds left and finished one assist shy of a triple double, leading the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 96-91 win over the Houston Rockets on Thursday night.
. . . and Lost Chances  quot;No one can control or change this revolution. No one can control or change me. quot;. Yasser Arafat spoke those words before a boisterous crowd in a dusty refugee camp called Nahr Bared in northern Lebanon more than two decades ago.
Singh announces troop reduction in held Kashmir NEW DELHI: Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced on Thursday a troop reduction in Kashmir this winter, a move welcomed by Pakistan as a boost to peace efforts.
Dutch lawmakers say terror threat underestimated THE HAGUE, Netherlands - Dutch lawmakers accused the government yesterday of underestimating the threat from Islamic terrorists and failing to protect a filmmaker whose slaying is blamed on a suspected Muslim radical.
Hewlett-Packard takes another stab at software Company extends partnership with open-source Java software company in effort to compete with IBM.
Vote Fraud Theories, Spread by Blogs, Are Quickly Buried Some web logs were swift to provide dark theories about the presidential election, but others were just as quick to debunk them.
Wanted by the Police: A Good Interface How the flawed interface design of a police dispatch system became a municipal issue in San Jose, Calif.
Skating Champion Hamilton Has Benign Brain Tumor World and Olympic figure skating champion Scott Hamilton, 46, underwent a biopsy at The Cleveland Clinic, and doctors expected to release him from the hospital by Friday.
Garnett Sinks Rockets Kevin Garnett jumper with 8.3 seconds remaining lifts the Timberwolves to a 96-91 win over the Rockets on Thursday.  Garnett finished with 20 points, 17 rebounds and nine assists.
Philippine Rail Cars Crash Into Ravine, 10 Dead  PADRE BURGOS, Philippines (Reuters) - Rescuers in the  Philippines freed more than 100 train passengers trapped on  Friday when a crowded economy carriage derailed and dragged  other cars into a steep ravine, killing at least 10 people.
COO Otellini To Take Helm at Intel Otellini is buttoned-down and urban. He has handled much of Intel #39;s communication with Wall Street analysts and he peppers his interviews with friendly comments and jokes.
Coke CEO reduces earnings forecasts NEW YORK - In a nod to Wall Streets frustrations with his companys repeated failure to meet earnings expectations, Coca-Cola CEO Neville Isdell on Thursday cut Cokes long-term forecasts while announcing a big boost in annual marketing dollars.
Pilots OK cuts to rescue Delta Delta Air Lines pilots ratified \$1 billion a year in pay cuts and other concessions that have become the linchpin of the company #39;s efforts to keep from spiraling into bankruptcy.
Blockbuster offers to buy Hollywood Entertainment Blockbuster Inc. has decided that bigger is better in the battle to succeed against new technologies and a growing list of competitors.
S amp;P-500 Reaches Post-9/11 High Point Stock market investors celebrated another drop in oil prices on Thursday, driving the broad Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500-stock index to its highest point since the Sept.
Martha Stewart Living names ex-ABC official as CEO Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., still reeling from the legal woes of its founder, has named Susan Lyne, a board member and former ABC entertainment president, as its new chief executive and president, replacing Sharon Patrick, a chief architect of 
Microsoft search encounters glitches on first day Microsoft #39;s widely anticipated search engine, which launched in test mode yesterday, encountered some glitches on its first day.
Voyager Capital Becomes the First Venture Firm to Join the Open &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Voyager Capital, a leading Pacific Northwest information technology venture firm, has announced it is the first venture firm to join the Open Source Development Labs (OSDL), an Oregon-based organization dedicated to accelerating the growth and adoption of 
Boeing, Northrop Grumman to team up on spaceship Two US aerospace giants, Boeing and Northrop Grumman, say they will form a partnership to compete for the contract to build NASA  #39;s next manned spaceship, China Radio International reported Thursday.
Spotlight #39;s on  #39;Halo 2 #39; jhu: red by joan:  In  quot;Halo 2, quot; you blow the heads off hundreds of space aliens with shotguns, rocket launchers and rifles.
Canada-US Tie 1-1 in Four Nations Cup Team USA goaltender Chanda Gunn makes the save off Team Canada Colleen Sostorics as USA #39;s Katie King looks on during first period Four Nations Tournament action Thursday, Nov. 11, 2004 in Burlington, Vt.
FRIDAY #39;S EDITORIAL Yasser Arafat was as unpredictable in death as he was in life. The longtime leader of the Palestinians lingered for days, with the world unsure of the severity of his medical condition.
Israeli nuclear spy seized in church ARMED police commandos stormed a Jerusalem church compound yesterday and arrested Mordechai Vanunu, the nuclear whistle blower, drawing condemnation from the Anglican Church for violating the holy site.
Pessimism over latest attempts to restart peace talks in Sri Lanka A high-level Norwegian delegation led by Foreign Minister Jan Petersen arrived in Sri Lanka this week as part of international efforts to save the countrys tottering peace process.
Bulgaria #39;s VP Attends Arafat #39;s Funeral Bulgaria #39;s Vice President Anguel Marin will attend the funeral of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died at 3:30 am Paris time on Thursday.
No. 12 Mississippi State Tops Fairfield (AP) AP - Ontario Harper scored a career-high 17 points and No. 12 Mississippi State, playing without preseason All-America Lawrence Roberts, beat Fairfield 53-49 Thursday night in the first round of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.
Delta pilots approve \$1 billion in concessions Delta Air Lines pilots, who resisted pay cuts for three years as their employer flew ever closer to bankruptcy, have voted to slash their own compensation to save the airline.
Dell Profit Rises 25 as Sales Beat Growth Rate for Industry Dell Inc. said yesterday that its quarterly profit climbed 25 percent, propelled by a steady increase in technology spending by American businesses and a surge in sales abroad.
Diddy #39;s New Digs In 2004, Kemal Uzan and his two sons, Cem and Hakan, made the Forbes list of the World #39;s Richest People with an estimated net worth of \$1.
Microsoft #39;s SP2: A fix that derails some computers There #39;s only one problem with Microsoft #39;s Service Pack 2, a key upgrade to the popular Windows XP operating system: It turns some computers into large, expensive doorstops.
Venture Capital: Investors see open-source software potential By its very nature, open-source software would appear to run counter to the goals of venture capitalists. Not only is it distributed and developed for free by a loose-knit group of techies from around the 
Afridi: No clear favourites Calcutta: Shahid Afridi felt that the Saturday one-dayer between the arch-rivals will be a close one with no clear favourites. Any team can win on the day, the Pakistani allrounder said at a city hotel on Thursday.
NBA Game Recap Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Kevin Garnett registered 20 points, 17 rebounds and nine assists to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves past the Houston Rockets, 96-91, at the Toyota Center.
He Goes From Afterthought to Game-Breaker It was just another one of those quickly forgotten preseason transactions that appear in small type in the back of the newspaper. March 2004: DC United reacquires the rights to forward Jaime 
China's Key Inflation Index Slows (AP) AP - Growth in China's main indicator for inflation slowed to 4.3 percent in October, significantly lower than the 5.2 percent annual increase the month before, the government reported Friday.
S P-500 Reaches Post-9/11 High Point Stock market investors celebrated another drop in oil prices on Thursday, driving the broad Standard   Poor's 500-stock index to its highest point since Sept. 11, 2001, and pushing the blue chip Dow Jones industrial average back into positive territory for the year.
A Blockbuster Bid  The nation's two largest video store chains, Blockbuster Inc. and Hollywood Entertainment Corp., have faced some of the same struggles in recent years as new options for watching movies have steadily eroded the traditional rental business.
Circulation Fraud Contained, Audit Group Says  TORONTO, Nov. 11 -- The chairman of the newspaper industry's circulation-auditing body said Thursday that the organization would work to repair its image, tarnished by circulation scandals over the past year at four large U.S. newspapers.
Drug Firm Shares in Slump  NEW YORK, Nov. 11 -- The 40 percent share price slide in Merck  #38; Co. in the five weeks after it pulled the painkiller Vioxx off the market highlighted larger problems in the pharmaceutical industry that may depress performance for years, according to academics and stock analysts who follow the sector.
A Profession Thrown Into a Tailspin  In the days when United Airlines was flying high, Patrick Downey exulted in being paid to live his passion. When the former Navy pilot went to work for United in 1999, he felt he landed his dream job, one that would provide a comfortable salary to make a happy life in McLean with his wife and two daughters.
Laptops drive Dell profits boost Computer giant Dell sees profits rise 25despite slowing momentum in the PC market, as laptop sales soar.
Intel changes put state to test I #39;m paranoid that much of Arizona remains clueless about the competitive race of the 21st century, a race we #39;re in whether we want to be or not.
Coke bottler targets canned fruit Australian soft drink bottler Coca-Cola Amatil Ltd. has launched a friendly Aust. \$500 million (\$382 million) bid for SPC Ardmona Ltd.
Browser war flares again WASHINGTON: A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer.
North American cash registers ring up \$125 million US in sales of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - North American sales of Halo 2 reached \$125 million US in the first 24 hours of the video game #39;s release, according to Xbox parent company Microsoft.
No. 12 Mississippi St. 53, Fairfield 49 Mississippi State coach Rick Stansbury wouldn #39;t use the absence of Lawrence Roberts as an excuse for the 12th-ranked Bulldogs #39; close call against Fairfield on Thursday night in the opening round of the Coaches vs.
No. 24 Memphis 102, Savannah St. 40 Memphis didn #39;t let its season get off to a slow start. The 24th-ranked Tigers built an early lead, continued to put on the pressure and coasted to a 102-40 victory over Savannah State on 
Small market reality arrives Washington is the nation #39;s eighth largest media market, but for baseball #39;s purposes in 2005, it is Kansas City, Milwaukee or even Montreal.
Iraqi PM Allawi defends Falluja assault Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has defended the attack on the rebel stronghold Falluja saying it would improve security across Iraq and pave the way for planned January elections.
Whistleblower  #39;under house arrest #39; FORMER Israeli nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu had been placed under house arrest after being detained on suspicion of giving secret information to foreigners, a judicial source said today.
Norway Fails to Break Deadlock to Revive Sri Lanka Peace Talks Norway, which brokered a cease-fire between the Sri Lanka government and the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, failed to break the deadlock to revive peace talks key to the South Asian island #39;s economic growth.
Grove exits as Silicon Valley legend SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- More than anything else, Intel Chairman Andrew Grove was a pioneer. Free! Sign up here to receive our Internet Daily e-Newsletter!
Oracle #39;s Fight to the Finish Sure, the PeopleSoft board told shareholders to just say no. This battle will go down to the wire, and even afterward Ellison could prevail.
Dell Q3 profit rises 25 percent SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Dell Inc. said Thursday its third-quarter profit rose 25 percent from a year earlier as the No. 1 personal-computer maker boosted sales of its PCs, laptops and other gear by 18 percent.
AOL plans to launch travel site America Online said Thursday it will launch a free online service to search the Web for the best travel deals, highlighting the online giant #39;s ambitions to boost it free Web-based businesses.
UPDATE: Wary Of Watchdog, Coke #39;s Amatil Turns to Fruit SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Prevented by regulators from getting too big in the juice market, Asia Pacific #39;s largest softdrinks bottler Coca-Cola Amatil Ltd.
New brands boost Kohl #39;s bottom line CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Kohl #39;s Corp. posted a 19 percent jump in quarterly profits, powered by sales of new lines of merchandise. Free!
Microsoft Debuts Search Engine, But Skeptics Remain After 14 months of work and a \$100 million investment, Microsoft rolled out a test version of its new search engine late Wednesday night.
European craft to probe  #39;moon colonies #39; A tiny craft powered by Star Trek #39; technology is standing at the  quot;gateway quot; to the moon - and a landmark date in the history of European space exploration.
Mauresmo crushes Zvonareva World No. two, Amelie Mauresmo of France, had an easy win over Russian Vera Zvonareva at the three-million-US-dollar WTA Tour Championships.
Artist formerly known as Artest The basketball player formerly known as Ron Artest apparently is a Renaissance man to a fault. At least his last name is convenient, as either Artest or Artist, a straight-up, vowel-centered exchange 
Giants: Warner set in his ways At the end of training camp, when Giants coach Tom Coughlin named Kurt Warner the starting quarterback, he credited the open competition at the position for helping the progress of Warner and No.
Elbow bend common in Test cricket: Murali Sri Lankan off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan says he is not the only bowler with a suspect action playing under the current International Cricket Council (ICC) regulations.
JETS STARRING IN  #39;SURVIVOR #39; With Quincy Carter filling in for the injured Chad Pennington, the Jets #39; season is far from over. Just listen to the TV football experts.
Train falls into ravine in Quezon province; 10 dead (6TH UPDATE) At least ten people were killed and 115 wounded after a Manila-bound train from the Bicol region slipped of its 
Quake claims 6 lives in Indonesia A major earthquake early Friday shook eastern Indonesia #39;s Alor Island, killing at least six people and injuring 21 others, a spokesman with Indonesia #39;s Meteorological and Geophysical Agency said.
Violence Erupts Across Iraq at Sites Far From Fallujah Armed insurgents rampaged Thursday through Mosul, Iraq's third-largest city, detonated a massive car bomb in the capital and apparently seized control of two smaller urban centers. This violence took place as U.S. forces continued their major offensive in Fallujah.
Baghdad Blast Kills 17 U.S. troops hunted rebels in the battered Iraqi city of Fallujah on Thursday, but rebels hit back with an armed rampage in Mosul and a powerful car bomb that killed 17 people in a crowded Baghdad street.
Area's Palestinians Mourn Loss of a Symbol Despite Arafat's flaws, area residents say the leader represented struggle of the state.
Belgium Assaults Democracy and Self-Determination "What happened in Brussels today is unique in the   Western world: never has a so-called democratic regime outlawed the country's   largest political party."  The party outlawed is for Flemish self-determination.  When Belgium's largest political party (despite being a minority, which even the largest parties usually are in parliamentary politics) cannot even seek self-determination via democratic means, aren't international organizations obligated to ask what "self-determination" really means in a "liberal democracy"?
World Stock Index at 3-Year High  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - MSCI's world stock market index hit  its highest level in over three years on Friday as weaker oil  prices eased pressure on the global economy, while the yen  shrugged off soft Japanese GDP data to gain on the dollar.
Microsoft overhauls its engine Microsoft #39;s new search engine includes a  quot;near me quot; button that helps users find sites for a given location and a feature that answers questions such as  quot;What is the capital of Turkey?
Trojan Horse Targets Mobile Phones A new Trojan horse sends unauthorized spam to mobile phones via SMS. Called Troj/Delf-HA by security firm Sophos, the malware has only infected a few users of a Russian wireless network, but 
Trojan spammers take aim at mobile phones A Trojan horse computer program that uses infected computers to churn out mobile phone spam messages is causing concern among antivirus firms.
Browns Honor Ex-Player Killed in Vietnam (AP) AP - The Browns will pay tribute Sunday to a former player who died in the Vietnam War and has gone unrecognized by the NFL for decades.
NO QUIT IN HOLYFIELD Why is he still doing this? Why would a man who has millions in the bank, who has won the undisputed world heavyweight title four times, climb back into the ring at the age of 42?
Euopean press review The death and legacy of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat dominate today #39;s European papers. Some hold out the hope that his passing will provide a new impetus for peace in the Middle East, while others are 
Yasser Arafat, dead at 75. HIS MISSION in life was embodied in a slogan: Death to Israel. Now death has claimed Yasser Arafat, president of the Palestinian National Authority, founder of the Palestinian Liberation Organization, Nobel 
Local thoughts on Arafat UMW professor says people should not expect quick, dramatic change in dynamics following death of longtime leader. As Palestinians mourn the death of their leader, Yasser Arafat, attention is shifting to who 
Too early to expect S. Korea #39;s referral to UN Security Council Astana - Seoul, November. 12 KAZINFORM -- A ranking South Korean official on Friday argued it was too early to assume the country will be referred to the UN Security Council for its past nuclear experiments.
Thailand Drops Millions of Paper Doves on Muslim Provinces Thai military and civilian aircraft rained 120 million paper doves down on Muslim southern provinces in a goodwill gesture, as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra tries to ease violence that has killed 400 people.
Bosnia's NATO, EU ambitions at risk over warcrimes suspects, Ashdown warns (AFP) AFP - The failure of Bosnian Serbs to hand over warcrimes suspects could ruin Bosnia's hopes of joining NATO and the European Union, top international envoy Paddy Ashdown said here.
Indian peace move brightens hope for Kashmir peace (Reuters) Reuters - Kashmiris weary of years of violence welcomed on Friday the governments surprising offer to reduce the number of its troops in the Himalayan territory, a move that could prompt old foe Pakistan to respond similarly.
Quarterly profit climbs for Dell Dell, the world #39;s largest personal computer maker, posted a higher quarterly profit Thursday, helped by market share gains and lower component costs despite slowing demand for corporate PCs.
Soybean farmers face a winter of decision US soybean farmers bringing in a record harvest face a new risk: an aggressive form of fungus that could severely damage their crops next year and beyond.
Trojans begin spam assault on cellphones KUALA LUMPUR: British security software specialist Sophos Plc said it has identified a new trojan which attempts to send spam messages to mobile phone users.
Seminoles rally past struggling Wolfpack On a night dominated by the defenses, 11th-ranked Florida State rallied with three second-half scores to pull out a 17-10 victory before a national-television audience and a sellout crowd of 56,800.
Back to basics for Giants offense  quot;Mulling quot; is not the word Tom Coughlin uses to describe the attention he has given to changing his quarterback. He hasn #39;t given a lot of thought to the Kurt Warner-Eli Manning 
Garnett Delivers For Timberwolves HOUSTON, Nov. 11 (Ticker) -- The Minnesota Timberwolves took advantage of Tracy McGrady #39;s absence to record a road win. Kevin Garnett scored 20 points and Sam Cassell added 18 and both made some big shots 
Japanese growth grinds to a halt Japan's economy grows just 0.1 in the third quarter, hit by faltering exports and a slowdown in corporate investment.
Japan to Protest to China Over Intruder Submarine (Reuters) Reuters - A submarine that intruded into waters off\Japan earlier this week has been identified as Chinese, Japan's\top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Friday, adding\that Tokyo would protest to Beijing.
China mine blast toll rises to 33 as inspection drive announced (AFP) AFP - The death toll from an explosion at a coal mine in central China has risen to 33 with six injured, as authorities announced plans for an inspection drive in a bid to improve shockingly low safety standards in the nation's mines.
Harvard vs. Kmart Harvard University, unsuccessful in its efforts to buy Kmart out of a Brighton lease as it expands its campus in the area, is using hardball tactics to try to evict the discount store.
Dueling airlines cut fares  Several airlines are aggressively cutting fares in hopes of beating back tough competition for holiday passengers.
Boston condo sales hot; suburb housing cooling While the suburban housing market has been showing some signs of softness, sales for condominiums in central Boston, especially luxury condos, continue to be strong, according to an analysis of third-quarter sales by the Listing Information Network, or LINK, which tracks the downtown condo market.
Both legislators, firms split on stem-cell incentives  Beacon Hill's new enthusiasm for embryonic stem-cell research would seem to be good news for the biotechnology industry.
It's time to talk We have just come through a long and bitter election campaign in which healthcare, a fairly important matter to most of us, got almost no air time at all. Now our president is clearing the decks for his final run at history, and the priorities are remaking the tax codes and Social Security and continuing the war on terror. Healthcare ...
Delta pilots OK 32.5 pay cut ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines pilots handed the struggling airline a huge victory yesterday in its effort to avoid bankruptcy, agreeing to slash their salaries by more than \$1 billion annually and forgo pay raises through 2009.
Blockbuster offers \$700m for rival  DALLAS -- Blockbuster Inc. , facing new attacks from big retailers and online operators, has offered \$700 million for rival Hollywood Entertainment Corp. in a bid to combine the two biggest players in the movie-rental industry.
Seeking to refocus, Intel names nonengineer CEO SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Despite a recent series of product missteps, Intel Corp.'s board yesterday selected the semiconductor giant's day-to-day operations chief to replace chief executive Craig Barrett, who is stepping aside to become chairman in May.
Coke says earnings, sales growth to slow  ATLANTA -- Coca-Cola Co. warned investors to expect slower earnings and sales growth from the world's biggest soft drink company. But it said it is beefing up spending on marketing its core brands and on innovation as it tries to catch up with consumer's growing thirst for alternatives to soda.
America Online buys into rival of travel websites  Aiming to put itself in the vanguard of the Internet travel business, America Online will invest an undisclosed amount in an upstart that threatens to lure customers away from Orbitz, Expedia, and Travelocity.
Providence, Warburg near Telcordia deal  PHILADELPHIA -- Buyout firms Warburg Pincus and Providence Equity Partners are close to a deal to buy telecommunications software company Telcordia Technologies Inc. for about \$1.3 billion, sources familiar with the situation said yesterday.
Gay happy to get his chance Patriots right cornerback Randall Gay realizes he has been the opposition's No. 1 target, and will remain so in Sunday night's game against Buffalo.
The rap on Artest: He is off-key My daughter called yesterday morning. Said she wouldn't be making it for her usual dinner at Mom and Dad's house the next couple of Wednesdays.
Optimistic signs ahead? At the stroke of midnight last night, the Red Sox reached a milestone as one of their best pitchers since Cy Young and their best catcher since Carlton Fisk led 14 teammates into full-blown free agency.
NFL games on TV BALTIMORE (5-3) vs. NY JETS (6-2) When, where: Sunday, 1 p.m., at East Rutherford, N.J. TV: Ch. 4. Last meeting: Ravens won, 34-20, in 2002. Comments: Jets quarterback Chad Pennington is out 2-4 weeks with a strained right rotator cuff, leaving Quincy Carter under center against the man-eating Ravens (fifth in total defense, allowing 281 yards per game). Pennington was ...
Coach's position is clear, isn't it? Of course, he conceded that it was his fault, but Bill Belichick couldn't get much work done the other day. Not with the line he had outside his office. Practice was over, the guys were free to go where they wanted, but many of them remained at Gillette Stadium. They wanted a word with Belichick, whose coaching decisions in last ...
But seriously, folks We have reached a most glorious part of the season. The final week of open dates.
Keeping frustrations in reserve Jiri Welsch may vent his frustrations in Czech on the court, but his body language during games and unusually short answers to questions after practice yesterday need no translation. Although a team player, Welsch has been frustrated with his second-unit duties. In a system suited to his abilities and basketball intelligence, Welsch has struggled to make meaningful contributions, ...
Finley shelved by ankle Dallas Mavericks guard Michael Finley was placed on the injured list yesterday with a sprained right ankle, and team officials believe the two-time All-Star will need at least two weeks before returning. Finley, who was injured in the third quarter of Tuesday night's loss at Orlando, must sit out at least five games. Finley averaged 17 points in Dallas's first ...
US stocks hit highest levels for months Stocks rallied strongly in the US last night, with both the Dow and the Nasdaq at their highest for months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed above its end 2003 level for the first time in more than four months.
Jones Apparel Group will acquire luxury retailer Barneys New York In its first foray into the luxury market, the shoe and clothing marketer Jones Apparel Group Inc. said Thursday it is buying upscale clothier Barneys New York Inc.
Business briefs, November 12 The three top executives at the American Stock Exchange received Wells notices from the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of an investigation into options trading and 
Nikkei closes up 1.6 Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average jumped 1.6 percent by the close on Friday as a rally on Wall Street and lower oil prices ignited broad-based buying, with weak Japanese GDP data causing only a brief stutter at the start.
 #39;Future of Ice #39; is a poetic and urgent frontline report This Tuesday came another report by scientists who stress that global warming is advancing with dire consequences in the Arctic regions and beyond, while the Bush administration continues to insist that such reports contain  quot;nothing new quot; to cause it to 
Telstra launches international Wi-fi roaming Telstra has launched Wi-fi roaming with five international wireless broadband operators giving Telstra customers travelling abroad access to WiFi hotspots in the UK (BT Group), USA (T-Mobile USA), Japan (NTT DoCoMo), Singapore (StarHub) and Malaysia (Maxis 
Bientt de l #39;AMD chez Dell? Dell, premier constructeur de PC au monde, s #39;est toujours refus  quiper ses machines avec autre chose que des processeurs Intel.
Death toll rises to 10 in Quezon train mishap (10:50 am) PADRE BURGOS -- A speeding passenger train derailed and fell into a ravine in Quezon province, overturning several times and killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 118 others, officials said.
Indian peace move brightens hope for Kashmir peace Kashmiris weary of years of violence welcomed on Friday India #39;s surprising offer to reduce the number of its troops in the Himalayan territory, a move that could prompt old foe Pakistan to respond similarly.
Quake shakes Indonesia Atleast six people were killed and over six injured in an earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale shook an island in eastern Indonesia today.
Bush, Blair discuss peace prospects Prime Minister Tony Blair sought consensus with President Bush on Thursday to make peace in the Middle East an urgent priority, exploring whether the death of Yasser Arafat offers 
China and Taiwan Vie for Vanuatu Ties China said on Thursday that the coalition government of Vanuatu had withdrawn an agreement by its prime minister to switch diplomatic relations to Beijing #39;s rival, Taiwan.
Two US soldiers killed, four wounded during attack in Mosul Two US soldiers were killed and four wounded when their patrol came under attack in the northwestern city of Mosul, the military said Sunday.
Blair, Bush Meet to Discuss Mideast Peace (AP) AP - Convinced that the road to Jerusalem doesn't run through Baghdad, British Prime Minister Tony Blair is trying to turn President Bush's attention from Iraq to the stalled Mideast peace process.
U.S. Forces Say Rebels Trapped in Southern Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces have trapped  insurgents in southern Falluja, Marines said on Friday, the  fourth day of an assault that has killed "hundreds" of rebels.  Eighteen American and five Iraqi troops have also died.
College games on TV PITTSBURGH (5-3) vs. NOTRE DAME (6-3) When, where: Tomorrow, 2:30 p.m., at South Bend, Ind. TV: Ch. 7. Ranking: Notre Dame is No. 24. Last season: Notre Dame won, 20-14, at Pittsburgh. Comments: The Fighting Irish put up their dukes last Saturday, knocking off ninth-ranked Tennessee in Knoxville, 17-13. Notre Dame, playing its final home game of the season, has ...
Local entries facing tall tasks March Madness is four months away, but November Numbness is upon us as the NCAA kicks off tournaments in field hockey and women's soccer, with the New England area a prominent host.
This time, Bentley gives advance notice for playoffs Bentley coach Peter Yetten knows that increased success breeds increased expectations. Yetten's Falcons are returning to the NCAA Division 2 tournament one year after their first-round loss to eventual repeat national champion Grand Valley State. It being the program's first foray into postseason play, just being there was accomplishment enough.
Clarett is charged up but can't dent Ohio St. The story du jour in college football is former Ohio State running back Maurice Clarett publicly unloading a truckload of charges against the Buckeyes, including cash payments, summer jobs for which he and other football players were paid without showing up, fiddling with grades, gut courses that ensured his continued eligibility, and free loaner cars arranged by the coaching staff.
No stopping Whelan, Weymouth Piling up seven goals and two assists in three games is an incredible feat. Doing it while playing on a severely sprained ankle is all the more impressive. Weymouth's Catie Whelan has done exactly that this postseason.
Japan says mystery sub was Chinese Japan is to formally protest to China after saying a submarine found in its waters on Wednesday was Chinese.
Q  amp; A Julius Williams No matter the time, place, or situation, East Boston's Julius Williams never seems to run out of gas. The No. 2 scorer in Division 3A (18 touchdowns, seven 2-point conversions), Williams is coming off a 230-yard, four-touchdown performance against Boston English. Williams, a senior, explains why he is the city's best running back in this week's Q  amp; A.
This week's schedule Durfee over Acton-Boxboro -- This Fall River Dream will be a nightmare for the Colonials.
BSE 'link to different CJD types' Eating BSE-infected meat could lead to people developing different types of CJD, research suggests.
Hundreds expected at Peel funeral Music fans from across the world are expected to attend the funeral of legendary DJ John Peel.
With eye toward future, Palestinians mourn Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Palestinians yesterday mourned the death of Yasser Arafat, quickly installed new officials in the top positions that he held, and vowed to create the first true democracy in the Arab world.
A sense of loss, but dream of statehood endures NEW YORK -- Wearing the traditional black-and-white checked headdress that Yasser Arafat had made his personal trademark, Linda Sarasour, a Palestinian-American who works in a part of Brooklyn with many Arab residents, yesterday described the controversial leader as ''our Martin Luther King. quot;
America increases pressure on Annan over UN scandals There is growing fear among United Nations officials that Secretary-General Kofi Annan may have lost the confidence of the organisation #39;s most powerful constituent, the United States.
Summary: Coke Scales Back Growth Goals REVIEW RESULTS: Coca-Cola Co. lowered its targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America.
Consumer relief as oil prices fall Heating bills will still be higher this winter, but costs appear to have peaked last month. By Ron Scherer  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Tech strength, drop in oil prices spark Wall Street rally NEW YORK : US stocks resumed their rally on Thursday, getting a lift from a sharp drop in crude oil prices and bullish broker comments on the tech sector.
GM, Ford target SUV rollovers General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co., responding to growing concerns about the safety and stability of sport utility vehicles, said Thursday 
Rockets 77, 76ers 76 Tracy McGrady had 17 points, including the winning basket with 25 seconds to play, as the Houston Rockets ended a five-game losing streak with a 77-76 win over the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday night.
Japan says submarine that intruded into its waters was Chinese (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (AP) - Japan has determined a submarine that briefly intruded into Japanese territorial waters earlier this week without identifying itself came from China, an official said Friday.
Novell foray into Linux market targets large enterprise customers Strong words  the likes of which the industry has heard before  accompanied Novell Inc. #39;s release of its next-generation Linux desktop for enterprise customers, Novell Linux Desktop 9, powered by SUSE Linux.
Nuggets knock Pistons Helping the poor-shooting Nuggets get well with bad defense, the Pistons fell to 1-1 on their western trip, losing, 117-109, Thursday night at the Pepsi Center.
Talkin Boxin - November 11th Edition  quot;Holy Moley Captain Foley quot;. The headline in a British newspaper blared,  quot;How could 59 million Yanks be so Stupid ? quot; That of course was a reference to the recent re-election of President George W. Bush.
AL Cy goes to Santana He battled back from a debilitating injury to reach the pinnacle of his profession. But even on the most rewarding day of Johan Santana #39;s 
Syracuse rolls after fast start NO. 6 SYRACUSE 104, N. COLORADO 54: At Syracuse, NY - Syracuse had lost its last two season openers. The Orange weren #39;t about to make it three in a row.
Arafat #39;s funeral today, world leaders arrive in Cairo to pay last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaders from various parts of the world have started arriving in the Egyptian capital Cairo to pay their last respects to the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died on Thursday morning.
Japan to protest to China over intruder submarine A submarine that intruded into waters off Japan earlier this week has been identified as Chinese, Japan #39;s top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Friday, adding that Tokyo would protest to Beijing.
7,000 Delta pilots OK cut in pay Fliers also forgo raises through 2009 in move that saves firm \$1 billion yearly and increases stock prices. By Doug Gross / Associated Press.
Stocks rise as Dow erases loss for 2004 US stocks rose, sending the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index to its highest close in more than three years and erasing the Dow Jones industrial average #39;s loss for 2004.
Circulation Fraud Contained, Audit Group Says The chairman of the newspaper industry #39;s circulation-auditing body said Thursday that the organization would work to repair its image, tarnished by circulation scandals over the past year at four large US newspapers.
Visteon offers worker buyouts Blaming shrinking sales to key automotive customers, Visteon Corp. told its 8,300 white-collar workers Thursday that it plans to offer buyouts to a  quot;significant quot; number of employees by the end of the year.
BBC reporters' log BBC correspondents record events in the Middle East and their thoughts as the funeral of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat takes place.
Vera Drake up for European prize Vera Drake and Bad Education are among the nominees for the European Film Academy Awards.
Microsoft to back customers in infringement cases Borrowing a line from Allstate Insurance, Microsoft says it wants customers to know they are in good hands when they choose its software.
Chance seen to pursue peace He stood only 5 feet 2 inches but Yasser Arafat cast a long shadow on the world stage, and many leaders, diplomats, and analysts saw in his passing 
Cairo hosting Arafat funeral A military funeral for the Palestinian President, Yasser Arafat, will be held in the Egyptian capital, Cairo this morning. After the funeral President Arafat #39;s coffin will be flown by helicopter to Ramallah for burial.
Clash of civilizations has landed in Holland Those who want proof the United States #39; efforts in Iraq have plunged the world into danger need only look at the usual suspects: Iran, Israel, Syria.
Criminals 'joining finance firms' Members of organised crime are joining financial firms to commit fraud, a new report by the industry watchdog reveals.
Manufacturers 'could cut 22,000' The CBI says thousands of manufacturing jobs could be lost in the next three months with exports falling and confidence low in many regions of the UK.
Tiger stripes The Auburn Tigers did everything to make themselves at home against Tennessee in the SEC Championship Saturday. They exceeded the 32.9 points per game they put up in Jordan-Hare 
From start to finish, it was always USC You often see thoroughbred horses do it. Baseball teams have jumped out ahead in the standings and stayed there all the way through to a World Series victory.
Invasion of the Video Game Ads Ad networks target online gamers as next big audience for product placements.
Coke Warns of Slack Sales for a Year or So Coca-Cola, suffering from weak sales in North America and other important markets, said yesterday that it would sharply scale back its projections for the amount of beverages it expects to 
Option to bump up CD rate helps those afraid to lock in The low interest rates of the past few years have been particularly frustrating for retirees and others who favor conservative certificates of deposit for income.
Blockbuster deal? With the over-the-counter movie rental business on the decline, Blockbuster Inc. said Thursday that it wants to buy rival Hollywood Video in a \$1 billion transaction that would include \$700 
Pixar may shift release of films Despite a strong November opening for  quot;The Incredibles, quot; Pixar Animation Studios Inc. is considering shifting its feature film release dates to the spring to maximize box office potential 
Yen Rises Vs Dollar Despite Japan Data The yen advanced against the dollar on Friday, shrugging off weak third-quarter growth figures for Japan as market worries persisted about the huge US deficits.
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Franklin likely to settle brokerage charges &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In SAN FRANCISCO/BOSTON story headlined  quot;UPDATE 2-Franklin likely to settle brokerage charges soon quot; please read in 9th paragraph ... In September, an adviser for Newport Beach, California-based Pacific Investment 
PeopleSoft rejects takeover bid again WALNUT CREEK, Calif. - PeopleSoft Inc. rebuffed Oracle Corp. #39;s latest hostile takeover bid, vowing to fight the \$9.2 billion offer even if a majority of shareholders supported it.
 quot;SMART-1 quot; at  quot;gateway quot; to the moon After a 13-month journey, a tiny spacecraft the size of a washing machine, driven by  quot;Star Trek quot; technology, will begin to orbit the moon on Monday night.
1Gbit NAND flash prices to drop 50 by 2Q 2005 Prices of 1Gbit NAND flash chips may drop about 50 to US\$3-4 per chip by the end of the second quarter of 2005, as supply increases and players continue to push higher-density products into the market, according to sources with IC distributors in Taiwan.
Rain moves northern Ariz. down drought scale Northern Arizona #39;s spate of fall storms could mean healthier winter vegetation, better stream flow and more moisture - at least in the short term, experts say.
NASA Scramjet Aims for Speed Record NASA #39;s unmanned X-43A plane is the latest product of its research program into flight at more than five times the speed of sound.
EC vows to pursue Microsoft for abusing its position The European Commission (EC), which fined Microsoft a record 497 million euros (US\$625.50 million) this year for abusing its dominant position, on Monday vowed to continue pursuing the US software group through the courts for anti-competitive behavior.
Twins left-hander had 13-0 record after all-star break An opponent could have a bat in his hands, and Johan Santana would nevertheless overpower him. Opponents could be fellow pitchers bringing impressive statistics to an award election, and Santana would whip them, too.
Paterno rumors dispelled by coach Penn State #39;s fourth losing season in five years has fueled much speculation about Joe Paterno #39;s future - specifically, how much longer he will remain as the team #39;s head coach.
Boosting MNF by game swaps For an NFL devotee reading or hearing about a flexible Monday Night Football schedule, an option contained in the six-year, \$8-billion contracts awarded to CBS and Fox on Tuesday, the concept appears quite intriguing.
Four tied for 1st after opening round of LPGA Tournament of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Park, Inkster, Diaz, Kim tied: Grace Park birdied the last three holes in a 6-under 66 yesterday that left her in a four-way tie after the first round of the LPGA Tournament of Champions in Mobile, Ala.
Silvertips edge Brandon, 2-1 BRANDON, Manitoba - Torrie Wheat scored twice as the Everett Silvertips beat the Brandon Wheat Kings 2-1 yesterday in Western Hockey League action before 4,046 fans at the Keystone Centre.
Lunar Spacecraft SMART-1 ready to orbit around the Moon London - Europe s first lunar spacecraft SMART-1 is set to move into orbit around the Moon on Monday the 15 November 2004 . The craft has already reached the gateway of the Moon, the area where from its gravity dominates the Earth.
Micron overtakes Hynix in chip sales Micron Technology Inc. of the United States probably overtook Koreas Hynix Semiconductor Inc. as the worlds second-largest computer memory chipmaker during the third quarter, market researcher IDC said.
Rainfall moves northern Arizona down drought scale Northern Arizona #39;s downgrade on a federal drought map from an  quot;extreme quot; designation to  quot;severe quot; could mean healthier winter vegetation, better stream flow and more moisture - at least in the short term, experts say.
Cellphones get debugging tool For the millions of mobile-phone users buying fancier and more complicated phones these days - particularly in Asia, where the most cutting-edge phones often are introduced -he old model of cellphone service is getting a reboot.
FIGURE SKATING Hamilton, 46, had a biopsy at the Cleveland Clinic, and doctors expected to release him from the hospital today, publicist Michael Sterling said Thursday.
Arafat led Palestinians but failed peace quest The Palestinian president symbolized his people #39;s desire for a homeland, but his corrupt rule and limited vision frustrated their drive for statehood.
Relief, disbelief in Kashmir as India announces troop reduction SRINAGAR, India : The announcement by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of a troop reduction in Indian Kashmir this winter has evoked reactions ranging from relief to disbelief in the insurgency-hit region.
Dutch investigate Muslim militants THE Dutch Government said last night that it was investigating a radical Muslim group with suspected links to the man accused of killing the film-maker Theo van Gogh and to bombings in Casablanca last year.
Harmony shareholder vote on bid looms The vote by the shareholders of world number four gold miner Harmony on the group #39;s bid for rival Gold Fields on late Friday morning is crucial to the continuation of Harmony #39;s daring bid.
New IE Bugs Open Up XP SP2 To Attack (TechWeb) TechWeb - Two new vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer 6.0 -- unveiled by a security firm Wednesday -- could be exploited by hackers to bypass security features in Microsoft's Windows XP SP2.
Invasion of the Video Game Ads (PC World) PC World - Ad networks target online gamers as next big audience for product placements.
Earlier Editions Of Firefox Flawed (TechWeb) TechWeb - Just days after the Mozilla Foundation released the final version of its standalone Firefox browser, a security firm Thursday said that earlier editions should be replaced.
Virginia Tech and Miami challenge for a bowl berth In their first year in the ACC, No. 10 Virginia Tech at No. 9 Miami (8-2) will be playing for at least a share of the conference title and the BCS berth that goes along with it.
Mauresmo Makes Crushing Start, Williams Posts Second Win  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Amelie Mauresmo made a powerful  start in her bid to end the year as world number one with a 6-1  6-0 rout of Vera Zvonareva at the WTA Championships Thursday.
Jakarta activist feared poisoned An autopsy on a prominent Indonesian activist shows he died with high levels of arsenic in his body.
Amid Absences, Rutgers Freshmen Make Presence Felt Rutgers Coach C. Vivian Stringer had some problems. Cappie Pondexter, her leading scorer, was set to miss the first semester because of personal problems. Last season's leading rebounder, Shalicia Hurns, was forced to leave after off-court problems.
Big spenders are making waves in Cup A modest proposal: We reorganize baseball with a \$50 million salary cap and pool all players into positions for a blind draw among the 30 teams.
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 CATHOLIC -- St. John's Prep at BC High, 7; Xaverian at Catholic Memorial, 7.
Today's schedule Pro basketball: Charlotte vs. Celtics at the FleetCenter, 7:30 p.m. College hockey: Men -- UMass at BC, 7 p.m.; Merrimack at BU, 7 p.m.; Maine at Northeastern, 7 p.m.; Colgate at UMass-Lowell, 7 p.m.; Princeton at Brown, 7 p.m.; Providence at UNH, 7 p.m.; Yale at Harvard, 8 p.m.; UBS tournament at Worcester: Worcester St. at Fitchburg St., 5:30 p.m.; ...
This weekend's sports on TV, radio TODAY AUTO RACING 1:30 p.m. -- NASCAR Busch Series BI-LO qualifying at Darlington, S.C., Speed Channel 3 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Mountain Dew 500 qualifying at Darlington, S.C., Speed Channel 8 p.m. -- NASCAR Craftsman Trucks Darlington 200 at Darlington, S.C., Speed Channel PRO BASKETBALL 7:30 p.m. -- Celtics vs. Charlotte at the FleetCenter, FSN, WWZN (1510) 8 p.m. ...
Video phones act as dating tools 3G video mobiles could be the perfect match for lonely-hearts looking for love.
BSkyB subscribers beats forecasts BSkyB sees its share price rise after it reports better-than-expected new subscriber numbers.
Laptops drive Dell profits boost Computer giant Dell sees profits rise 25 despite slowing momentum in the PC market, as laptop sales soar.
COKE #39;S AD POP: \$400M Coca-Cola Co. is aiming to put the fizz back into its marketing as a key part of its turnaround strategy. Coke will boost its annual spending on marketing and developing new products by \$350 million to \$400 million beginning next year.
CEOs resignation a surprise Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia made an unexpected change at the top yesterday, saying that Sharon Patrick, the company #39;s president and chief executive and a close friend of Stewart #39;s, has resigned 
Jones to buy Barneys Jones, owner of the Jones New York, Anne Klein and Nine West brands, yesterday said it is buying luxury retailer Barneys New York for approximately \$400 million.
New releases from Google, Firefox Now that almost everyone has bartered for his or her invitation to Google #39;s GMail (gmail.google.com) service, everyone is waiting to see what new features Google will introduce to outpace the competition.
Microsoft Pays \$536 Million in Antitrust Complaints Novell agrees to pull out of a European Union lawsuit but says it will press for another settlement for damage to its WordPerfect software business.
South Korea #39;s LG to file suit to nullify Matsushita PDP patents in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL : South Korea #39;s LG Electronics will take action in a Japanese court to nullify patents on display panel technology held by Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
China Mobile to set up experimental 3G network in Beijing China Mobile Communications, currently the largest operator of mobile communication services in China, will establish a 3G (third-generation) experimental network in Beijing at the beginning of next year, according to the China-based Xinhua Online.
Football Broadcasters Make Real Thing Look More Like Video Games CHICAGO - That UFO you might see whizzing over Thursday night #39;s Florida State-North Carolina State football game is not just a camera - it #39;s the link between televised football and the video games they seek to mimic.
McEnroe backs Henman John McEnroe believes Tim Henman can pick up the 1million winner #39;s cheque at the Tennis Master Cup in Houston next week. McEnroe, who will be at the Albert Hall for the Masters 
Huskies face history against Cal, Tedford The Husky football team can accomplish something Saturday that only two other squads in the school #39;s 115-year football history has done -- lose nine games.
False alarm triggers response from PSU A false alarm on a Pittsburgh sports-talk show Thursday morning ignited a nationwide firestorm of speculation about the job status of Penn State coach Joe Paterno.
Tributes for Arafat continue to pour in at UN NEW YORK: Tributes were continuing to pour in at the United Nations for the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. Mr Arafat, who passed away in a Paris hospital 
French women raped in I Coast violence ABIDJAN, Nov 12 (AFP) - The top French soldier in Ivory Coast has confirmed that women were raped in anti-French violence that has erupted in the volatile west African nation over the last week.
US hits Mosul The US military attacked rebel targets in Mosul with air and ground fire yesterday after an upsurge in violence in the northern Iraqi city.
Govt for early resumption of talks - President President Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga received Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen at the President #39;s House yesterday on his return from Kilinochchi.
Accord Set on Efficiency for Cooling The combatants in a fight over how much electricity an air-conditioner should use have reached a truce that could eventually lead to savings for building owners.
No One's Looking Sideways at Georgia Tech Anymore Four games into Georgia Tech's season, it is hard to find a trace of the cowboy bravado usually associated with a program suddenly on the rise.
Progress on Japanese abductees  \Japanese officials meet the alleged husband of a woman kidnapped by Pyongyang, as talks are extended.
E-tail Fraud Remains a Threat Online merchants in the United States have become better at weeding out fraudulent credit card orders, a new survey indicates. But shipping overseas remains a risky venture. By Joanna Glasner.
Indian parties to defy strike ban Political parties in India's West Bengal state call for fresh strikes in defiance of a court order declaring them illegal.
Top-Ranked U.S.C. Barely Keeps Grip Reggie Bush had 335 total yards as the Trojans survived with a victory, a 12-0 record and a good chance to play in the B.C.S. title game.
The great blue vs. red state debate &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Caution: rude words enclosed
Air travelers to US face longer wait  US-bound air passengers may have to board their planes an hour before takeoff to allow for more rigorous security checks, according to proposals outlined yesterday by a senior US official.
Intel Chief Barrett Laments Timing Sucks #39; for His Departure Intel Corp. Chief Executive Officer Craig Barrett wanted to go out in glory like his old boss, Andy Grove. Instead, he #39;ll retire to slumping sales growth, restless investors and repeated product delays.
Struggles Continue for Coke Coca-Cola is trying to explain why the worlds biggest soft-drink company is struggling. The company says Coke was slow to push water, juice and other non-carbonated drinks as consumers became more health-conscious.
New boss for Martha Susan Lyne, once a hot-shot magazine editor and later president of ABC Entertainment, was tapped yesterday to head troubled Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia.
Pixar looks to boost film revenues PIXAR Animation Studios, the group behind the cartoon movie Finding Nemo and a slew of other hits, says it might reap millions more in profits by switching the release date for its films to the summer.
Insurer Allianz Beats Expectations Third-quarter net profit at insurance and banking group Allianz AG dipped to euro539 million (US\$669 million), the company said Friday, but the result included an improved performance by the Dresdner Bank subsidiary and exceeded analysts #39; expectations.
Struggling auto parts maker offering buyouts to salaried employees Struggling automotive supplier Visteon Corp. told its 8,300 white-collar workers that it plans to offer buyouts to a  quot;significant quot; number of employees by year #39;s end.
New Microsoft search engine opens war for Internet dominance WASHINGTON (US): Microsoft #39;s new search engine launched Thursday opens a new front for the world #39;s biggest software company in a new war -- for control of the Internet, analysts said.
Dell may sell AMD based servers - Dell CEO Dell may begin to use AMD chips in some of its servers according to the company #39;s Chief Executive Kevin Rollins. The revelation was made in conference call to analysts to discuss the company #39;s Q3 earnings.
Technology ; Four Charged In Microsoft Thefts The software the four are accused of stealing included the SQL Server 2000, which normally sells for \$15,000, and the SQL Enterprise Server 7.0, which sells for \$29,000.
 #39;Halo 2 #39; clears \$125 million in first day Microsoft beat even its own heady expectations for the hotly anticipated Xbox game  quot;Halo 2, quot; selling more than \$125 million of the product its first day in stores.
Micron Strikes Deal With US in Price Fixing Probe (Update2) Micron Technology Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 maker of computer-memory chips, struck a deal with the US Justice Department to shield it from sanctions after a probe found some employees engaged in price fixing.
UPDATE 1-Mauresmo starts strongly, Williams wins again Amelie Mauresmo made a powerful start in her bid to end the year as world number one with a 6-1 6-0 rout of Vera Zvonareva at the WTA Championships on Thursday.
Don #39;t walk out on Wales this time MICKEY THOMAS has hit out at incoming Wales manager John Toshack, claiming the former Real Madrid boss is lucky to be given a second chance to lead his country.
Santana aces Cy vote: Unanimous AL pick gives Schilling due Johan Santana may have been the unanimous selection for the American League Cy Young Award, but the Minnesota Twins left-hander said second-place finisher Curt Schilling stats, news still 
Pistons defense falters Detroit gives up more than 100 points for second time this season, turns ball over 23 times. By Chris McCosky / The Detroit News. DENVER -- The Pistons were the perfect guests here Thursday, providing the struggling 
Canada, US skate to 1-1 draw at Four Nations Cup When it comes to international womens hockey, Canada and the United States are about as even as two teams can get. Why should the Four Nations Cup be any different?
NFL #39;s TV windfall shows no signs of slowing It #39;s big news whenever the television networks throw \$8 billion on the table, and even moreso when it #39;s being thrown at the NFL, the Halliburton of sports.
Arafat #39;s young daughter sees plane off CAIRO, Egypt -- Viewers watching Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral Friday got a rare glimpse of his 9-year-old daughter Zahwa, standing next to her mother and weeping as his coffin was placed on a plane.
A hero, a monster, a Mideast icon As peace between Israel and the Palestinians waxed and waned over the decades, there was one constant amid the tumult: Yasser Arafat was at its centre.
Troop withdrawal in Kashmir may begin within a week: India News: New Delhi, Nov 12 : Indian troops deployed in parts of Jammu and Kashmir are expected to begin pulling out within a week, in line with a major decision taken by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ahead of his visit to the troubled state.
UN Says There #39;s No Evidence S. Korea Tried to Make Nuclear Arms There #39;s no evidence South Korea was trying to make nuclear weapons when 14 of its scientists secretly produced enriched uranium and plutonium without government approval, the United Nations nuclear watchdog said.
BearingPoint May Strive for Adaptability Company's interim leader acknowledges criticism by investors and analysts that the company has been slow to adapt to changes in the market in recent years.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
EPA Backs Nanomaterial Safety Research Agency awarded \$4M in grants to study the health, environmental risks posed by manufactured nanomaterials -- invisibly tiny materials revolutionizing many industries but its effects on living things remain unknown.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Oracle-PeopleSoft end nears (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The software maker has indicated it could abandon the hunt for PeopleSoft if it does not win support for a tender offer.
Iraqi Security Forces Fight Rebels in Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Machinegun fire and grenade blasts  echoed across northern Baghdad on Friday as insurgents clashed  with Iraqi national guards, witnesses said.
Dutch Raid Kurdish Training Camps, Arrest 29  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch authorities have raided a  suspected training camp of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK)  guerrilla group in the southern Netherlands and arrested 29  people, prosecutors said on Friday.
Falluja Battle Erupts, Clashes in Baghdad  FALLUJA (Reuters) - A battle erupted near a mosque in  northwest Falluja on Friday just hours after U.S. Marines said  insurgents were now trapped in the south of the city.
A Profession Thrown Into a Tailspin In the days when United Airlines was flying high, Patrick Downey exulted in being paid to live his passion. When the former Navy pilot went to work for United in 1999, he felt he landed his dream 
Microsoft release new search engine preview Microsoft have let the public use a beta of their tool for some months while testing continues. The last few days have seen a new release of the beta which seems to be getting closer to bringing back consistently sensible results.
Wales expected to appoint Toshack today The Welsh FA are expected to name John Toshack as the new manager of their national team today, after holding interviews with all the main candidates yesterday.
Davis finds it #39;s tough to replace Rivers Former Clearwater Central Catholic star quarterback Jay Davis hasn #39;t had the smoothest of transitions taking over for Philip Rivers at North Carolina State.
Meehan up from Down Under If there is a poster boy for promoter Don King #39;s heavyweight carnival at Madison Square Garden tomorrow night, it is Kali Meehan.
People here hope for peace, unity in Middle East (November 12, 2004) - In the hours since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, it seems one question has been on the world #39;s mind: What will it mean?
Russian hits McDonald's with coffee burn lawsuit (Reuters) Reuters - Almost 15 years after McDonald's brought a taste of America to impoverished\Russians, a 37-year-old Muscovite has hit the firm with a U.S.-style lawsuit over a spilled cup of\coffee, Russian media has reported.
Otellini #39;s rise moves Barrett and Grove Intel #39;s board sounded the changing of the guard yesterday, with Paul Otellini being confirmed as the next CEO of the chip giant.
Delta pilots choose pay cuts Delta Air Lines #39; pilots Thursday overwhelmingly approved a \$1 billion package of concessions that cuts their pay by nearly a third but may pull the financially beleaguered carrier from the brink of bankruptcy.
Another search beta for Microsoft The kinks have not yet been ironed out of Microsoft Corp #39;s web search engine, but the company has gone ahead with another beta launch of MSN Search that showcases many of the bells and whistles rivals launched incrementally well after they were mature.
Europes ticket to the moon Monday night will mark the beginning of Europes space exploration, as a tiny spacecraft will start orbiting the moon. On Monday, SMART-1 (the acronym stands for Small Missions for Advanced Research and 
Oddworld Stranger renamed, dated Xbox exclusive Oddworld Stranger is now known as Oddworld Stranger #39;s Wrath, Electronic Arts advised this week, claiming that the revised title  quot;better reflects the spirit of the game quot;.
Video games the answer to society #39;s happiness It #39;s almost the end of the semester and many male students are turning to video games, instead of the Internet, to relieve some much built-up stress.
BOFH: The hostage's guide to lift imprisonment &lt;strong&gt;Episode 39&lt;/strong&gt; Stay calm, conserve bodily fluids
Orange opens 24-0 lead, rolls in laugher Hakim Warrick scored 19 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and handed out five assists to lead No. 6 Syracuse to a 104-54 rout Thursday of Northern Colorado in the first round of the Coaches vs.
Leaders join Arafat funeral procession Hundreds of Arab and Muslim leaders and officials participated Friday in the funeral procession of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo.
Teen flies in plane #39;s landing gear A homeless teenager who hid in the landing gear of a passenger plane survived a 700-kilometre flight across south-western China but his companion fell and probably died, state media reported on Friday.
Otellini to become Intel #39;s CEO Intel Corp. #39;s board of directors on Thursday tapped Paul Otellini, who has been with the company for 30 years, to replace Craig Barrett as chief executive officer in May.
Target soars, but misses estimates MINNEAPOLIS -- Target reported a 78 percent jump in third-quarter earnings on Thursday on strong revenue growth and the sale of its Mervyn #39;s discount chain, but it just missed analyst estimates.
Hong Kong Shares Close Higher Hong Kong stocks closed at a fresh eight-month high Friday, boosted by a cut in local interest rates and overnight gains on Wall Street.
Northwest ships Beaujolais to Detroit But wine stores, restaurants and bars can #39;t sell the wine from France before 12:01 am Thursday. By Joel Smith / The Detroit News.
GM, Ford offering safer SUVs NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. are expanding the use of anti-rollover technology on their popular sport/utility models, addressing a major safety risk for the vehicles.
Wells to allow online transfers to other account holders (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - In the latest sign that Americans are taking more of their finances online, Wells Fargo on Monday will start allowing its customers to transfer up to  #36;1,500 a day to another Wells Fargo account holder at no charge.
Microsoft #39;s Google-killer arrives with a  #39;whuh? #39; Google #39;s executives might be sleeping a little easier this weekend after Microsoft unveiled its much-hyped new search engine. It #39;s fast, slick, and comes with a raft of interesting new features: confounding 
Dell closer to using AMD chips Dell president and chief executive officer Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is considering including Advanced Micro Devices processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
Hit game taking over the streets Millions of Britons have a guilty secret. They are spending their spare hours immersed in an underground world of LA gangs and gun-ridden ghettos.
Defendant: Microsoft source code sale was a setup A 27-year-old Connecticut man facing felony economic espionage charges for allegedly selling a copy of Microsoft #39;s leaked source code for \$20 says he #39;s being singled out only because the software giant and law enforcement officials can #39;t find the people 
Microsoft issues one fix in monthly security update In sharp contrast to last month #39;s barrage of critical patches, Microsoft has offered up just one  quot;important quot; fix for users to implement in its scheduled round of security updates for November.
 #39;Halo 2 #39; is worth the wait How do you top a battle between Marines and an alien religious cult fighting to the death on a giant corona in outer space? The next logical step is to take that battle to Earth, which is exactly what Microsoft 
Red Hat establishes Chinese operation Linux distributor Red Hat Inc has established a new presence in China to promote the use of open source software in the country, following up on plans announced back in January.
Sharapova lives up to expectations LOS ANGELES--Although Maria Sharapovas picture is in newspaper ads and billboards around Los Angeles, tennis teen queen said she usually could go shopping incognito.
New Goodison contract for Moyes Everton manager David Moyes has signed a new contract which will keep him at the club until 2009. The 41-year-old Scot has steered the Toffees to third place in the Barclays Premiership table despite last 
Holiday CD showdown: Full press is on (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Eminem, Destiny's Child, Snoop Dogg, Lil' Jon and Chingy face off with new albums next week as the record industry gears up for the make-or-break holiday season.
Local Muslims reflect on Palestine and peace It signals the possibility of peace in the Middle East, they said, with the appointment of a new leader to replace the 75-year-old head of the PLO.
Train Accident in Philippines Leaves 10 Dead, 100 Wounded The number of deaths related to a train derailment yesterday in the Philippines has been increased to ten. 100 people were injured as well.
Iraq Group Claims Kidnapping Of American 12 November 2004 -- Al-Jazeera television is reporting that Iraqi insurgents have kidnapped a US citizen who worked at a Baghdad airport.
29 Die in Mine Accident in China 29 people have been found dead after a methane gas explosion in a coal mine in Henan, central China. According to the New Chinese News Agency, the explosion occurred in the city of Lushan at Xingsheng Coal mine on Wednesday (November 10).
Falluja a  #39;Big Disaster, #39; Aid Needed - Red Crescent Aid agencies called on US forces and the Iraqi government to allow them to deliver food, medicine and water to Falluja on Friday and said four days of intense fighting had turned the city into a  quot;big disaster.
PeopleSoft board prepares for worst (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - In the final days before shareholders decide on Oracle's takeover bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft,  PeopleSoft is bracing for the worst. Oracle officials say they won't know until shortly before a  Nov. 19 deadline if a majority of PeopleSoft shareholders support the  #36;8.8 billion offer.
Stock Futures Flat Ahead of Data; Dell Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a flat  market open on Friday,  pausing after the previous day's big  rally, as Wall Street awaits key economic data, though gains by  computer maker Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; in overseas trading following  its earnings report could help technology stocks.
Oil Holds Near 7-Week Lows on U.S. Weather  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady on Friday near  7-week lows on forecasts for colder-than-normal weather in the  U.S. Northeast.
The \$100 PC: How do we get there? Steve Ballmer says the world needs a really cheap computer, but Mike Ricciuti warns that cheap doesn't come easy.
Sen. McCain Threatens Baseball Over Steroids  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Commerce Committee Chairman  John McCain on Saturday threatened to introduce legislation  requiring more stringent drug testing if Major League Baseball  does not impose tougher rules on steroid use by January.
Hewlett-Packard takes a new approach to software The company extends a deal with open-source Java software maker JBoss in an effort to compete with IBM.
European Shares Extend Multi-Year Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets scaled near-2-1/2  year highs on Friday after strong overnight gains on Wall  Street as the euro held off from mounting another assault on  \$1.30 and as oil prices traded below \$48 a barrel.
Sixth-Ranked Syracuse Opens Hoops Season with Easy Win  SYRACUSE, N.Y. (Sports Network) - Hakim Warrick netted 19  points and Syracuse roared out to an early 24-0 lead as the  sixth-ranked Orange opened their 2004-05 season with a 104-54  pasting of Northern Colorado in the opening round of the  Coaches vs. Cancer Classic at the Carrier Dome.
No. 12 Mississippi State Tops Fairfield in Basketball Opener  BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (Sports Network) - Ontario Harper finished  with a career- high 17 points to lead 12th-ranked Mississippi  State to a 53-49 win over Fairfield in the Coaches versus  Cancer Classic at the Birmingham Jefferson Convention Complex.
Dollar Slides Versus Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell two thirds of a percent  against the yen to within sight of seven-month lows and edged  toward recent record lows against the euro on Friday as worries  persisted about the U.S. current account deficit.
Palestinian Mourners Await Arafat's Arrival The coffin of Yasser Arafat, draped with the Palestinian flag, was bound for Ramallah in the West Bank Friday, following a formal funeral on a military compound near Cairo.
Cell phones take iPod challenge Backers say new mobile music services will be big in Europe, but admit U.S. could be a problem.
No. 3 Auburn Downs Tennessee for SEC Title  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell threw for a  career-high 374 yards along with three touchdowns as  third-ranked Auburn stated its case for a spot in the Orange  Bowl with a 38-28 victory over No. 15 Tennessee in the  Southeastern Conference Championship at the Georgia Dome.
Music strikes up at Venice opera Venice's Fenice Opera House hosts its first performance since it was gutted by fire in 1996.
 #36;350,000 Siphoned From Democrats' Senate Campaign Fund (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee recently discovered that dozens of contribution checks  #8212; some for as much as  #36;25,000  #8212; were diverted from its coffers to a private bank account, officials said Thursday.
Robot Helps NASA Refocus on Hubble Because of the Canadian robot named "Dextre," in less than a year, NASA has gone from writing off the Hubble to embracing a mission that will cost up to \$1.6B and approach in complexity the hardest jobs the agency has ever undertaken.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Intel Names 30-Year Veteran CEO Intel Corp. named President Paul S. Otellini as its next chief executive officer, for the first time choosing a non-engineer to run the world's largest computer-chip maker.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Bloomberg News&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
GM, Ford Embrace New Systems  For SUV Stability General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. said yesterday that they are rushing to adopt a new safety technology called electronic stability control, and together they will make such systems standard on most of their large and mid-size sport-utility vehicles by the end of next year.
GAO: Social Security Numbers Vulnerable Identity thieves can snare Social Security numbers from a potpourri of public records, especially those maintained by state and local governments, according to a new report by the Government Accountability Office.
AOL Aims to Lead Internet Travel Purchases Aiming to put itself in the vanguard of the Internet travel business, America Online will invest an undisclosed amount in an upstart that threatens to lure customers away from the industry's most dominant players, such as Orbitz, Expedia and Travelocity.
Hopes for Eid Solution to Afghan Hostage Crisis  KABUL (Reuters) - Three U.N. workers held by militants in  Afghanistan were in their third week of captivity on Friday  after calls from both sides for the crisis to be resolved ahead  of this weekend's Muslim festival of Eid al-Fitr.
Marvel Sues 2 Cos. Over Role-Playing Game Marvel Enterprises Inc. is suing two firms behind a computer superhero role-playing game it claims allows players to make virtual characters that are too similar to "The Hulk," "X-Men" and other heroes in the comic book company's stable.
Is Microsoft using 'Halo 2' to thwart Xbox hackers? Hundreds of Xbox owners with modified consoles say they've been banned from the Xbox Live service in the past few days. \
LIDAR Laser Radar Finding More Uses If you've ever been pulled over for speeding, you may already know something about LIDAR. A laser-based radar system, LIDAR can tell if you're speeding by bouncing a light beam off your car and seeing how quickly it returns. From an airplane or a satellite, LIDAR can calculate the distance to the ground, and by repeating the process millions of times as it flies over, map the lay of the land.
Falluja Battle Erupts, Unrest Spreads Elsewhere  FALLUJA (Reuters) - A battle erupted near a mosque in  northwest Falluja on Friday just hours after U.S. Marines said  insurgents were now trapped in the south of the city.
Dutch raid Kurd 'training camp' Dutch police arrest 29 in a raid on a suspected training camp of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party.
Bavaria bans teacher headscarves The German state of Bavaria is the latest federal states to ban Muslim school teachers from wearing headscarves.
Palestinians Flood Arafat Compound Before Burial  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of mourners  converged on Yasser Arafat's compound in chaotic scenes on  Friday before their revered leader was to be buried in the  place where Israeli forces trapped him until his final days.
Photo: Are mod chips getting gamers into trouble? Mod chips such as the Xecuter allow the Xbox to perform unauthorized tricks.
Sports Buzz Curt Schilling is again a runner-up. In AL Cy Young voting released Thursday, the Red Sox star finished second to Minnesota #39;s Johan Santana.
Comeback establishes James as Cavs #39; leader CLEVELAND - His team was trailing by 19 points, the home crowd was booing and there was only a quarter left for LeBron James to make things right.
Stocks to Watch  DELL INC. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;:
Norway peace bid for Lanka ends without breakthrough Colombo: Norway #39;s latest bid to salvage Sri Lanka #39;s faltering peace process ended without a breakthrough Friday but the government and the rebels have pledged to continue to uphold a fragile truce.
Report: PeopleSoft prepares for proxy fight with Oracle UNDATED The Wall Street Journal reports PeopleSoft is getting ready for a proxy fight at its annual meeting next spring over the Oracle takeover bid.
Record results for Dell in third quarter Dell continued to outpace the rest of the IT industry in the company #39;s third quarter with sizzling growth in shipments, revenue, and net income adding up to the best quarter yet for the hardware supplier.
Dell  #39;going to add #39; AMD CPUs to product line - CEO Getting a little chilly down there, Satan? Yes, infernal ice-skating may soon become possible, following Dell CEO Kevin Rollins #39; admission that the computer giant is close to signing up AMD as a processor supplier.
A brand new way to cell  #39;24 #39; By early next year, viewers could be watching their favorite shows on their cell phones. Consider this: Fox is teaming with Verizon Wireless to create and distribute  quot;24: Conspiracy, quot; 60-second 
Everton tie up Moyes until 2009 Everton manager David Moyes has signed a new contract that will keep him at Goodison Park until 2009. The 41-year-old Scot, who joined Everton from Preston in March 2002, has guided the Merseysiders to third place in the Premiership this season.
Japan accuses Chinese sub of entering its waters TOKYO - Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing Friday after concluding a Chinese nuclear submarine spent time in Japanese waters without identifying itself, says a report.
UN Envoy Decries Excessive Violence in Moving Sudanese Refugees The United Nation #39;s envoy to Sudan has criticized the Sudanese government for using what he says is  quot;too much violence quot; to relocate thousands of people displaced by the conflict in Darfur.
Car Blast Kills 2 in West Bank - Emergency Service (Reuters) Reuters - A car exploded near the West Bank\city of Ramallah on Friday, killing two people, an Israeli\emergency service said.
US: No acquisitions on horizon at Coke Speaking to analysts and investors yesterday the CEO of soft drinks giant The Coca-Cola Company said there were no immediate plans for any major acquisitions.
BSkyB gains 62,000 new subscribers beating estimates LONDON - BSkyB has beaten analyst forecasts to add 62,000 new subscribers in its first quarter, but the figure is less than half the 170,000 it added during the same period last year.
Nikkei, Hang Seng rally smartly MUMBAI: Asian markets were up in early trades on Friday. While Tokyo Nikkei gained 119.90 points at 10966.22, Hong Kong #39;s Hang Seng index was up 147.
For Arafat, Oslo Remained Symbol of Hope (AP) AP - Norway's capital could not have been further removed from the chaos and bloodshed of the Middle East. Yet it was as a result of top-secret meetings here that two veteran warriors decided it was time to talk peace.
SMART-1 arrives at the Moon It #39;s been a long trip, but Europe #39;s first Moon mission is finally nearing its goal. SMART-1, launched by the European Space Agency (ESA) way back on 27 September 2003, will go into orbit around the Moon on 15 November.
Dell answers the question I don #39;t know how many times I #39;ve heard the question asked of Dell Computer and, similarly, I don #39;t know how many times I #39;ve heard the same answer.
Former Microsoft Workers Charged With Stealing Software Four ex-Microsoft employees were charged with stealing \$32 million worth of software from the software company and selling it online to software retailers.
New deal for Moyes Everton manager David Moyes has signed a new contract which will keep him at the club until 2009. Moyes, 41, has steered the club to third in the Premiership table despite last season #39;s narrow escape from 
With president #39;s resignation, civil rights group again in turmoil ATLANTA -- The Southern Christian Leadership Conference is in turmoil again -- this time with the resignation of its president, the Reverend Fred Shuttlesworth.
Athens Olympics cost \$15.2bn THE Athens Summer Olympic Games cost host country Greece nearly 9 billion euros (\$15.23 billion), Greek Finance Minister George Alogoskoufis said today, citing definitive figures.
Dozens killed in Chinese mine blast At least 33 miners have been killed in a coal mine blast in central China, officials said on Friday. Thursday #39;s accident at the Xinsheng coal mine in the central province of Henan also left six people injured.
Japan Lodges Protest With China Over Sub (AP) AP - Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing on Friday after determining that a nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters without identifying itself belonged to China.
US should not have hyphenated ties with India, Pakistan : New York, Sep 23 : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said the US should not have a  quot;hyphenated relationship quot; between India and Pakistan as ties with New Delhi had its own dynamics and ought to develop independent of the geopolitical compulsions that led 
Charges threat to US market chiefs THREE senior officials running one of Americas junior stockmarkets could face civil charges relating to its options market, following a probe by US watchdog the Securities and Exchange Commission.
An Eye on Movie Theater Pirates Eager to curb camcorder piracy at the cinema, Hollywood studios demonstrate a device that would detect bootleggers' recorders in the dark. Xeni Jardin reports from Hollywood.
Curbing Your Enthusiasm Can technology save us from a pre-emptive war on sex, should the Bush administration choose to wage one? I sure hope so. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
These Speakers Go to 11 No, really, they do. Logitech's Z-5500 speaker set cranks up the sound for computers, game consoles and home theaters. By Leander Kahney.
End of the Road Is Nowhere The trek down the Great River Road ends in an anticlimax of old shacks and weathered boats, but that doesn't mean the trip is disappointing. Michelle Delio reports from Venice, Louisiana.
Longing for a Blogging Candidate Although blogs like Daily Kos have demonstrated some possibilities of the medium, political candidates haven't bought into them, and probably won't anytime soon. By Daniel Terdiman.
Science's Next Big Score Forget matchmaking. Researchers should use social networks to land matching funds. By Bruce Sterling from Wired magazine.
Male Contraception Gets a Boost Scientists successfully inject male monkeys with a protein that renders the chimps temporarily infertile. The research may provide a new birth-control option for men in the next decade.
Cocoa drops as Ivory crisis cools World cocoa prices drop as production in the Ivory Coast resumes following several days of unrest and mob violence.
Virgin 'seeking Indian airline' Richard Branson says his Virgin Group is talking to a number of Indian airlines about taking a 49 stake in some carriers.
Coke CEO: the company may face tough times. Earnings targets &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Coca-Cola Co., the worlds top soft-drink maker, has lowered its long-term earnings and sales targets on key markets slump. The companys CEO E. Neville Isdell promised Cokes investors an improvement 
Jobs: Pixar #39;s  #39;Incredibles #39; Derails  #39;Polar Express #39; Steve Jobs must love superheroes. Though earnings from The Incredibles, the latest release from Pixar Animation Studios (nasdaq: PIXR - news - people ), did not make it into the company #39;s most recent quarterly 
Pilots Playing Ball, Sign Delta Pact NOVEMBER 12, 2004 -- The union representing Delta Air Lines #39; pilots yesterday announced its membership had widely approved an agreement that cuts the carrier #39;s labor costs by \$1 billion annually.
Euro zone growth slows sharply Euro zone economic growth slumped to its slowest pace for more than a year in the third quarter, prompting economists to warn the European Central Bank (ECB) against any monetary tightening in the near term.
FAA tries to identify source of ice that struck house KENT, Wash. -- Investigators are trying to identify the source of chunks of ice that smashed through the roof of a house in this Seattle suburb last week, landing on the bed of a 7-year-old girl.
Blockbuster bids for Hollywood A saga involving a campaign to turn Hollywood Video #39;s Wilsonville-based parent company private turned into a cliffhanger on Thursday when rival Blockbuster Inc.
Carrier marks 75th anniversary amid union protest With healthy profits and a bankruptcy reorganization nearing completion, Hawaiian Airlines marked its 75th anniversary Thursday with a festive ceremony at its Honolulu airport ticketing lobby.
Retail Sales Up Slightly as Expected (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retail sales rose modestly as\expected last month, but the underlying message from the\consumer was strong at the start of the fourth quarter after\record oil prices failed to deter shoppers.
FedEx Ordered to Repay U.S.  #36;29 Million (Reuters) Reuters - FedEx Corp.'s  express air\shipping unit has been ordered by the U.S. government to repay\ #36;29 million in excess funds received under an act established\after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, the company said on Friday.
Oil Up from 7-Week Lows on U.S. Weather (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices perked up from 7-week lows on\Friday on forecasts for colder-than-normal weather in the U.S.
Treasuries Deflated, Consumption Holds Up (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices trimmed overnight\gains on Friday after data on U.S. retail sales showed\underlying strength in consumption heading into the  fourth\quarter.
Opera Software triples third-quarter loss Opera Software, the maker of the No. 3 Web browser, reported a third-quarter net loss Friday that was more than three times greater than the year before, despite an increase in revenue.
Red Hat opens office in China Red Hat on Thursday announced the opening of its first office in China, in the capital Beijing. The company said it will be working with industry partners such as HP, IBM, Intel and Oracle, as well as with 
Is Microsoft using  #39;Halo 2 #39; to thwart Xbox hackers? Microsoft appears to be using its smash  quot;Halo 2 quot; game as a vehicle to crack down on mod chips and other hacks of its Xbox video game console.
San Andreas shoots up more than gaming sales charts A new world power has arisen to stun the masses with its might. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, the latest addition to the Grand Theft Auto series on Playstation 2, will blow the minds of gamers.
Trojan targets UK online bank accounts Virus writers have created a new Trojan horse capable of helping crooks to break into the accounts of British internet banking customers.
Rebels Shun Ivory Coast Talks as Exodus Goes On (Reuters) Reuters - Rebels from Ivory Coast shunned peace\talks in South Africa as hundreds more foreigners prepared on\Friday to leave the former French colony in the wake of days of\mob violence.
Wi-Fi superchip threatens Bluetooth Bluetooth specialist CSR has packed a triple-mode a/b/g Wi-Fi adapter into a single ultra-small chip, complete with multiple antennas ready for 802.
Oddworld Gets Wrathful November 11, 2004 - Electronic Arts announced today that the next game in the Oddworld series, until now known as Oddworld Stranger, is now officially titled Oddworld Stranger #39;s Wrath.
AOL Enters the Online Travel Market (PC World) PC World - New service will compete with sites like Travelocity.com and Expedia.
Chuck stops here AUSTRALIA #39;s elite cricketers can relax because the game #39;s suspect bowlers, including Muttiah Muralitharan, may be exposed rather than cleared by proposed new laws that have stunned the sport.
Payless Posts Profit on Cost Control (Reuters) Reuters - Retailer Payless ShoeSource Inc.\ on Friday posted a quarterly profit, as lower\advertising and payroll expenses and other cost savings offset\decreased sales.
Opera Software Triples Third-Quarter Loss (AP) AP - Opera Software, the maker of the No. 3 Web browser, reported a third-quarter net loss Friday that was more than three times greater than the year before, despite an increase in revenue. Its shares fell 6.5 percent.
Gunfire Greets Arafat #39;s Coffin Upon Arrival in Ramallah Volleys of gunfire greeted a military helicopter carrying Yasser Arafat #39;s coffin as it landed Friday at the late Palestinian leader #39;s West Bank compound, which has been overrun by tens of thousands of mourners.
New peace hope in post-Arafat era ONE OF Yasser Arafat #39;s least-admired roles in the last few years was as the constantly cited excuse for international futility in Middle Eastern peace efforts.
10 killed in Philippine train wreck MANILA At least 10 people were killed and almost 100 were injured when a train derailed and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday, officials and radio reports said.
Seoul tests not linked to weapons VIENNA South Korean nuclear experiments that were revealed earlier this year produced minute amounts of plutonium and near-weapons-grade uranium but there was no evidence linking them to an attempt to make nuclear arms, the UN atomic monitoring agency said 
Indonesian island quake kills 16 An earthquake registering 6.0 on the Richter scale has shaken a remote island in eastern Indonesia, killing 16 people and injuring dozens more, a government official says.
You #39;ll be back, Arnie tells Japan HE was last in Japan as the Terminator, while he was away he became the Governator, and now he #39;s back as ... what, the Promotivator?
Dutch raid  #39;Kurd training ground #39; Dutch police say they have raided a suspected paramilitary training ground for Kurdish militants in the southern Netherlands, arresting 29 people.
Arafat Eulogized as Keeper of Palestinian Dream In the international online media, Yasser Arafat is receiving gentler treatment in death than he usually received in life. Arafat was a  quot;truly great leader, quot; said the Jakarta Post in Indonesia.
Hostage in Iraq might be Charlotte man BAGHDAD, Iraq - A contractor who left Charlotte to work in Iraq is feared to be in the hands of insurgents. Dean Sadek lived on Hanna Court near Sharon Amity Road in east Charlotte before he moved overseas 
Vanuatu affirms Taipei link SYDNEY Vanuatu #39;s new diplomatic ties with Taiwan remain in place, a spokesman for Prime Minister Serge Vohor said on Friday, contradicting a claim by China that his South Pacific island government had renounced links with Taipei.
Retail Sales Up Slightly as Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales rose modestly as  expected last month, but the underlying message from the  consumer was strong at the start of the fourth quarter after  record oil prices failed to deter shoppers.
Coffin Is Carried Through Surging Crowd Ahead of Burial Earlier, in Cairo, presidents, kings and potentates from across the Arab world and beyond paid their last respects to the Palestinian leader.
Djibouti Refuge Shelters Endangered Cheetahs (Reuters) Reuters - Working with cheetahs, the world's\fastest land animal and now an endangered species, is a bit\different from treating cats and dogs, but Bertrand Lafrance\felt he had little choice.
Global Markets: European Shares Climb  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets scaled near-2-1/2  year highs on Friday as oil prices held below \$48 a barrel, and  the euro held off from mounting another assault on \$1.30 but  hovered near record highs against the dollar.
FedEx Ordered to Repay U.S. \$29 Million  CHICAGO (Reuters) - FedEx Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt; express air  shipping unit has been ordered by the U.S. government to repay  \$29 million in excess funds received under an act established  after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, the company said on Friday.
Stocks Seen Flat Are Oil Edges Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures got a slight boost  on Friday after a report showed U.S. retail sales rose in  October, but the market still looked to open flat, pulling back  from the previous day's rally as oil prices nudge higher.
Oil Up from 7-Week Lows on U.S. Weather  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices perked up from 7-week lows on  Friday on forecasts for colder-than-normal weather in the U.S.  Northeast.
Texas Comptroller Eyes Governor's Race (AP) AP - Texas Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn's reputation as a watchdog for the health and education of Texas children is summed up in a needlepoint decoration in her office: "One Ticked Off Grandma." Strayhorn may try to add another job to her resume  #151; governor.
Treasuries Deflated, Consumption Holds Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices trimmed overnight  gains on Friday after data on U.S. retail sales showed  underlying strength in consumption heading into the  fourth  quarter.
Report: Equity Firms Stalk Adelphia  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A group of private equity firms is  courting bankrupt cable firm Adelphia Communications Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; with a view to making a joint bid for its assets,  the New York Times reported on Friday, citing executives  involved in the auction.
New &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; newsletter redefines choice paradigm &lt;strong&gt;Site news&lt;/strong&gt; All the news - just how you like it
Payless Posts Profit on Cost Control  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Retailer Payless ShoeSource Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday posted a quarterly profit, as lower  advertising and payroll expenses and other cost savings offset  decreased sales.
The Leonid Meteor Shower 2004: Modest Peak Expected Nov. 16-19 (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Next week brings us the \  return of the famous Leonid Meteor Shower, a meteor display that over the past \  several years has brought great anticipation and excitement to sky watchers \  around the world.
SunTrust Restates Results Over Bad Loans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  fired three executives over its accounting for bad loans, on  Friday restated first-half profit higher by \$25.1 million,  slightly more than it had forecast, to fix the errors.
Opportunity Rover to Pack Up and Leave Crater (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA's Mars \rover Opportunity nbsp;will back its \way out of a nbsp;crater it has spent four months exploring after reaching terrain nbsp;that appears \too treacherous to tread. nbsp;
Post-Election Blues, Driven Ever FWD Into the Past Forty-eight percent of the nation is still sad and upset about the defeat of John Kerry, and you know so because they won't stop forwarding the same few links, cartoons and manifestoes to you, over and over again, as if it were 1998 and the Web were still new and you cheerfully opened every e-mail you received.
Ancient bear made early migration Brown bears migrated south through North America much earlier than first thought, new research suggests.
Web of fury over police pictures \The Devon and Cornwall Constabulary is taken to court by its own officers because it is publishing their photos on the internet.
Long on Cash, Short on Ideas What's holding companies back? Can anything be done to rev up their investment spending?
UN creates Internet governance working group Preparations are in full swing for the second phase of the World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) later next year.
ICANN domain transfer policy takes effect The new transfer policy for inter-registrar domain names went into effect on Friday, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) said.
Hopes rest on issue of leadership PALESTINIAN leaders stepping into the power vacuum left by the death of Yasser Arafat face one of the most daunting challenges in their people #39;s troubled history.
AOL sets sail into travel search market America Online Inc. (AOL) is aiming to get a piece of the travel search market, announcing plans Friday to introduce a new Web-based property to compete with the likes of Travelocity.com and Expedia Inc.
US marines find Syrian driver kidnapped with French reporters in Iraq (AFP) AFP - US marines have found alive in the restive Iraqi city of Fallujah the Syrian driver who was taken hostage with two French journalists almost three months ago, a military spokeswoman said.
17 dead, over 100 injured as powerful earthquakes hit eastern Indonesia (AFP) AFP - A succession of powerful earthquakes rocked eastern Indonesia, killing at least 17 people, injuring more than 100 others and destroying hundreds of homes.
AOL Enters the Online Travel Market New service will compete with sites like Travelocity.com and Expedia.
Dollar Ignores Data, Creeps Lower vs. Yen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dropped against the yen on  Friday, as the market ignored a mostly positive report on  October U.S. retail sales and remained focused on the record  U.S. current account deficit.
Chaotic Scenes at Arafat Compound Before Burial  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of Palestinian  mourners flooded into Yasser Arafat's compound and mobbed his  coffin after it arrived for burial on Friday in the area where  Israeli forces trapped him until his final days.
Hopes for Solution to Afghan Hostage Crisis  KABUL (Reuters) - Three U.N. workers held by militants in  Afghanistan were in their third week of captivity on Friday  after calls from both sides for the crisis to be resolved ahead  of this weekend's Muslim festival of Eid al-Fitr.
Buddhist Teacher Killed, Two Bombs Hit Thai South  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Gunmen on motorcycles shot and killed a  Buddhist martial arts teacher and two bombs wounded at least 10  people in Thailand's restive south on Friday in apparent  revenge for the deaths of 85 Muslims, police said.
UN Iran Report Held Up as Nuke Freeze Talks Stall  VIENNA (Reuters) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog has held up a  new report on inspections in Iran while Tehran and the EU's  "big three" try to break a deadlock in talks aimed at freezing  Iran's uranium enrichment program, diplomats said on Friday.
Online Holiday Shopping Sales Increase Sharply in 2004 Online Holiday Shopping Sales Increase Sharply in 2004\\The latest holiday online sales forecast numbers are up and running with predicitions all having online sales rise, anywhere from 19 to almost 30 over results from 2003. comScore Networks predicts that online consumer spending for November and December will total between \$15.1 ...
Google and Mozilla Firefox Working Together Google and Mozilla Firefox Working Together\\Google have hosted a customized Internet Explorer search page for many years now specially designed to act as sidebar search. And with the launch of the first final release of the very popular Mozilla Firefox browser, we now have a custom page specially designed for ...
Stocks Open Little Changed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Friday as  Wall Street pulled back after a big rally in the previous  session, with shares of computer maker Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;  higher after reporting strong earnings late on Thursday.
Intel #39;s next CEO brings different focus Intel said Thursday that President Paul Otellini will become its next CEO -- a change that could help the No. 1 chipmaker overcome recent missteps.
Oil rose slightly, supplies increased Crude oil rose slightly on Friday to \$47.57 per barrel compared to yesterday fall on expectations for inventories to be lifted. December crude oil was at \$47.
Retail Sales Up Slightly as Expected US retail sales rose modestly as expected last month, but the underlying message from the consumer was strong at the start of the fourth quarter after record oil prices failed to deter shoppers.
Fedex to repay \$29m to US government Fedex Corps express air shipping unit has been ordered by the US government to repay \$29m in excess funds received under an act established after the Sept.
Bank restatement shows higher first-half profit NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- SunTrust Banks Inc. on Friday said third-quarter profit rose 11 percent and reported a restated profit for the first half of 2004, as expected.
US Stock-Index Futures Rise on Retail Sales; Dell Advances US stock-index futures gained after a government report showed sales at retailers in October, excluding autos, rose more than expected.
Update 2: French Gov #39;t May Link EADS With Thales The French government plans to merge Airbus parent EADS with defense company Thales to create a new European giant to rival Boeing Co.
BSkyB sees profits rise after strong subscriber growth LONDON : British satellite broadcaster BSkyB said profit rose by 16 percent in the first quarter as the group enjoyed strong subscriber growth in the run-up to the key Christmas trading period.
AOL Enters the Online Travel Market America Online is aiming to get a piece of the travel search market, announcing plans to introduce a new Web-based property to compete with the likes of Travelocity.
Nation likely to be 3rd largest trading power China is likely to become the world #39;s third largest trading power by the end of 2004, said the Ministry of Commerce. According to a report jointly published on Friday by the ministry 
New York's Spitzer Says May Sue Insurer (Reuters) Reuters - New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer will file a lawsuit as early as Friday against an\insurance company, the second suit stemming from his sweeping\probe into bid-rigging in the industry, Spitzer told Reuters on\Friday.
Consumer Sentiment Improves in November (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumers have grown more\cheerful so far this month as the hotly contested presidential\election drew to a close and job prospects seemed to improve,\according to a survey released on Friday.
Microsoft search engine thwarted by glitches on first day As first assault on Google #39;s leading position in the market, Microsoft #39;s newly launched search engine encountered some technical problems on its first day.
Microsoft scoffs at  #39;10 new XP SP2 flaws #39; According to the security company, the flaws mean that  quot;attackers can silently and remotely take over an SP2 machine when the user simply browses a web page quot;.
Google #39;s Gmail Gains Integration With MS Outlook Google #39;s still-not-released-to-the-public free Gmail e-mail service adds POP3 support, letting users send and receive messages from Microsoft Outlook clients.
Warm Warnings If more evidence was needed that global climate change is occurring - and having serious consequences - it arrived in force this week.
MS staff stole \$32.4M in software p2pnet.net News:- Four ex-Microsoft employees from the Seattle-area have been charged with stealing software worth \$32.4 million from the company.
Halo 2 brings in \$125 million for Microsoft on its first day Microsoft Corp. said sales of its Halo 2 video game, the sequel to the best-selling title for its Xbox video-game machine, topped 2.4 million in North America, generating \$125 million on its first day.
CA updates spyware-zapper Moving to capitalize on a recent acquisition, Computer Associates International Inc. this week released an updated version of its home spyware-zapping software, and began selling a corporate 
Sharapova, Mauresmo Roll While Serena Struggles at WTA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It can #39;t be easy for former No. 1 Serena Williams, struggling to get back into tennis shape, and seeing countrywoman Lindsay Davenport battering 0-and-1 an opponent that the younger Williams sister barely edges 7-6(3), 7-5.
A major step in the battle for Formula One The battle for control of Formula One, the company which holds commercial control of Formula 1 racing, took a major turn on Friday when the High Court in London rejected an appeal by Formula One Holdings against a court action being held in the United 
NJ ref a key part of Ruiz-Golota Andrew Golota was on his absolute best behavior when he challenged Chris Byrd seven months ago at Madison Square Garden. His  quot;Foul Pole quot; persona was a no-show.
Sauber to launch C24 in Malaysia The Sauber Petronas team will be launching its new C24 chassis in Kuala Lumpur on January 11 2005, to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Petronas #39;s involvement in Formula 1. The Malaysian oil and gas corporation began its association with Sauber in 1995 
Oregon State at Stanford Notes: Oregon State must contend with Stanfords unorthodox 3-4 defense. The Cardinal are OSUs only opponent that uses the 3-4 as their basic set.
John Waggoner:Investing - Feel bullish? Try a fund company (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - If, through some cruel twist of fate, disco ever comes back, you'd want to invest in companies that make puffy shirts. And if the bull market is really back, then the best place to be is in the stocks of companies that manage mutual fund companies.
Arnold hits Tokyo on trade mission Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was scheduled to meet with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi today and with representatives of the auto and electronics industries through-.
Chief of Army to investigate KKK scandal THE image of soldiers dressed as the Ku Klux Klan betrayed the Australian Army #39;s commitment to a  quot;fair go quot; and destroyed the memory of black and white soldiers who fought together in war, the Department of Defence said yesterday.
FedEx Ordered to Repay U.S. \$29M &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CHICAGO (Reuters) - FedEx Corp.'s &lt;FDX.N&gt; express air\shipping unit has been ordered by the U.S. government to repay\\$29 million in excess funds received under an act established\after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, the company said on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;
New Data Shows Slowdown in Euro-Zone Growth New data shows third-quarter slowdown in euro-zone growth
New York's Spitzer Says May Sue Insurer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer will file a lawsuit as early as Friday against an  insurance company, the second suit stemming from his sweeping  probe into bid-rigging in the industry, Spitzer told Reuters on  Friday.
Consumer Sentiment Improves in November  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers have grown more  cheerful so far this month as the hotly contested presidential  election drew to a close and job prospects seemed to improve,  according to a survey released on Friday.
For Kerik, a Blunt New Yorker, a Complex Washington Task The job of homeland security secretary seems exceedingly more complex than anything that Bernard B. Kerik has faced.
Probe arrives at Moon's gateway European spacecraft Smart is set to enter into orbit around the Moon on Monday.
The Election That Never Ends ... Online In the real world, campaign 2004 ended last week with John Kerry's concession to President Bush.  But online, the lost cause lives on in the form of conspiracy theories and collective mourning. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Bush Pressuring G.O.P. to Approve Intelligence Bill President Bush sought to stem a near- rebellion by members of his own party by forcefully endorsing the bill.
UN Iran Report Held Up as Nuke Freeze Talks Stall (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. nuclear watchdog has held up a\new report on inspections in Iran while Tehran and the EU's\"big three" try to break a deadlock in talks aimed at freezing\Iran's uranium enrichment program, diplomats said on Friday.
French Gov't May Merge EADS With Thales (AP) AP - The French government plans to merge Airbus parent EADS with Thales, the country's largest defense company, to create a new European giant to rival Boeing Co., a leading financial daily reported Friday.
Activists Storm Parliament in Rebel Georgia Region  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Supporters of a candidate in a disputed  presidential election in the separatist Georgian region of  Abkhazia stormed government buildings on Friday, Russia's  Interfax news agency reported.
Consumers More Upbeat in Early November  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers have grown more  cheerful so far this month as the hotly contested presidential  election drew to a close and job prospects seemed to improve,  according to a survey released on Friday.
Intel Names 30-Year Veteran as Its First Non-Engineer CEO Intel Corp. named President Paul S. Otellini as its next chief executive officer, for the first time choosing a non-engineer to run the world #39;s largest computer-chip maker.
Stocks Open Little Changed US stocks opened flat on Friday as Wall Street pulled back after a big rally in the previous session, with shares of computer maker Dell Inc.
EADS to make bid for Thales PARIS, Nov 12 (AFP) - The European Aeronautic, Defence and Space Company (EADS) will soon launch a bid for French defence electronics group Thales in a deal orchestrated by the French government, which owns just over 15 percent of EADS and 31 percent of 
Siemens plans to delist shares from New York Stock Exchange FRANKFURT : German electronics giant Siemens is planning to de-list its shares from the New York Stock Exchange because of the high costs of maintaining a listing on Wall Street.
New York #39;s Spitzer Says May Sue Insurer New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer will file a lawsuit as early as Friday against an insurance company, the second suit stemming from his sweeping probe into bid-rigging in the industry, Spitzer told Reuters on Friday.
AUSTRALIA: CCA could sell underperforming units Coca-Cola Amatil, the leading Australian soft drinks group, is looking for an improvement from its South Korean and Indonesian units and may exit those businesses if one is not forthcoming.
Have your say - Microsoft v Google Times Online tried Microsoft #39;s new search engine, and it broke. Here #39;s a selection of reader experiences with the new service.
Browser War II: Revenge of Netscape Itsa safe bet that smiles are showing up on Netscape devotees faces as Internet Browser War II broke out this week. They were a forgotten bunch, these loyalists, nursing their aging, once-dominant Netscape 
Probe arrives at Moon #39;s gateway European spacecraft Smart 1 is at the Moon #39;s gateway, the region beyond which the probe is tugged more strongly by lunar gravity than by the Earth #39;s.
Finjan Software warns of ten new vulnerabilities in Windows XP SP2 Finjan Software, the leading provider of proactive secure content management solutions for enterprises, announces today 10 serious security vulnerabilities discovered by Finjan #39;s Malicious Code Research Center (MCRC) in Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2 
Gmail users soon able to check e-mail via Outlook Web search leader Google said Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
Red Hat pushes Linux further into China The leading Linux publisher Red Hat is heading east opening its first business centre in China #39;s Beijing. The centre will offer Red Hat Academy training free to students and will work in partnership with Tsinghua 
Trojan logs e-banking habits Security experts say they have discovered a Trojan horse that records e-banking user details and Web surfing habits. Antivirus company Sophos is warning that the Banker-AJ Trojan is targeting online customers 
Gronholm has narrow Australia lead PERTH, Australia -- Finland #39;s Marcus Gronholm holds the early lead after the first stage of the Rally of Australia. Double world champion Gronholm #39;s Peugeot was fastest around the 2.34km city circuit in the 
Athens staged costliest Games This year #39;s Olympic Games in Athens cost nearly nine billion euros (\$11.5 billion), almost double the amount forecast a year before the opening ceremony, the Greek finance minister said on Friday.
Sauber to launch new F1 car in Malaysia Sauber will unveil their 2005 Formula One car in Kuala Lumpur on January 11, the Swiss-based team said on Friday. Sauber are sponsored by Malaysian oil company Petronas, whose backing 
Japanese all-stars rally for baseball win over major leaguers The San Diego reliever gave up a pair of runs in the bottom of the ninth inning Friday and the Japanese all-stars rallied for a 3-2 walkoff win over the touring major leaguers in Game 7 of an eight-game exhibition series.
Syracuse rolls in tournament Hakim Warrick had 19 points, 10 rebounds and five assists to lead No. 6 Syracuse to a 104-54 victory over Northern Colorado Thursday night in the first round of the Coaches vs.
After Chaotic Procession, Arafat Is Laid to Rest on West Bank Yasir Arafat was laid to rest in a marble-and-stone grave today in Ramallah, on the West Bank, after his flag-draped coffin was carried through a crowd of chanting Palestinians 
EU struggling to reach Iran deal Tehran: Iran failed last night to give a definitive answer to an EU demand it freeze sensitive nuclear activities or face referral to the UN Security Council for possible sanctions, a diplomat familiar with the talks said.
Earthquake rocked Indonesian island killing 16 Magnitude 6.0 earthquake shook an Indonesian island having killed 16 and injuring dozens. The information was received from the official report of the government of the country.
Saks 5th Avenue Names President, COO (AP) AP - High-end retailer Saks Inc. on Friday said it named Andrew Jennings as president and chief operating officer of Saks Fifth Avenue.
October U.S. Games Sales Up 35 Percent  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game sales rose 35 percent in  the United States in October, analysts said on Friday, as the  blockbuster criminal adventure "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas"  sold more than 2 million units in just five days of release.
AOL Aims to Lead Internet Travel Purchases (AP) AP - Aiming to put itself in the vanguard of the Internet travel business, America Online will invest an undisclosed amount in an upstart that threatens to lure customers away from the industry's most dominant players, such as Orbitz, Expedia and Travelocity.
Retail Sales Increase, Autos Lose Luster (AP) AP - Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for auto purchases last month but spent like mad in a number of other areas including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
AOL Searches for Ad Dollars in New Travel Site (Reuters) Reuters - America Online on Friday said it plans\to launch an online travel tickets comparison site available to\non-subscribers, as part of a long-term strategy to bolster\services for consumers who don't actually pay them for monthly\service.
Marathon RePorter extends USB, FireWire, more (MacCentral) MacCentral - Marathon Computer on Friday introduced its RePorter Port Extender. The spherical device features a flat front face with two USB Type A ports, a FireWire 400 port, a FireWire 800 port, audio in through a 1/8-inch stereo mini jack and audio out through a 1/8-inch stereo mini jack. The device connects to a Mac or PC using a single 1.5-meter cable that splits apart into one-foot lengths. The Marathon RePorter is shipping now and costs US #36;59.
Blue Titan adds reliable messaging to SOA tool (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Attempting to fine-tune its software for use in business-critical applications, Blue Titan Software on Monday is unveiling Network Director RM (Reliable Messaging), a tool for policy distribution and messaging in SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
Oil Prices Hold Near 7-Week Lows  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady near 7-week lows  on Friday on forecasts for colder-than-normal weather in the  U.S. Northeast.
SunTrust Restates First-Half Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  fired three executives over its accounting for bad loans, on  Friday restated first-half profit higher by \$25.1 million, more  than it had forecast, to fix the mistakes.
Spitzer Plans to Sue Insurer New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer will file a lawsuit as early as Friday against an insurance company, the second suit stemming from his sweeping probe into bid-rigging in the industry, Spitzer told Reuters Friday.
AOL Paddles Into Crowded Travel Pool America Online dipped its toe into the onrushing online travel business Friday with an investment in closely held Kayak. AOL didn #39;t disclose details of the multiyear marketing-and-technology agreement.
Pixar Shares Jump to Record High on Results Shares of Pixar Animation Studios Inc. on Friday rose to a record high, a day after the company posted a 70 percent quarterly profit increase, driven by strong home video sales for  quot;Finding Nemo quot; and  quot;Monsters, Inc.
Shortfall sparks downgrades, overshadows Q4 results SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Agilent Technologies Inc. saw its shares fall more than 12 percent Friday after the testing and measurement equipment maker disclosed a first-quarter forecast that failed to meet analysts #39; expectations.
BSkyB 1st-Quarter Net Increases 3, Adds Subscribers (Update4) British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc, Rupert Murdoch #39;s UK pay-television company, said fiscal first- quarter profit rose 3 percent as it gained more subscribers than analysts expected.
TXU to Take Eight Power Plants Offline Energy company TXU Corp. on Friday said it plans to mothball eight natural gas-fired power plants representing a quarter of its Texas capacity in an effort to save about \$20 million in annual expenses.
The Fool's Look Ahead A mouse, a house, and your tax-planning spouse all factor huge in the week of earnings that lies ahead.
PPC Options Pay-Per-Click - Just the words send a chill up and down my spine. It used to be that this PPC feature was an end-all to cure any search engine listing woes, to get the ranking we felt we were denied, and to 
European Craft To Probe Possibility of Moon Colonies Instead of using a chemical rocket, SMART-1 fires a stream of electrically charged atoms of Xenon gas. A similar idea was used by the makers of Star Trek as part of the Starship Enterprise #39;s propulsion system.
Police break up European piracy ring Greek and British police in a joint operation cracked an illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated software programs, Greek police said on Friday.
More XP SP2 security holes? p2pnet.net News:- Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) has ten unpatched vulnerabilities, says Finjan Software.  quot;Microsoft, however, ardently disputed the claims and said that they were  #39;potentially misleading and possibly erroneous #39;, quot; says a TechWeb story.
Dell  AMD? In 2003, AMD launched the Opteron, a server chip that made the argument for 64-bit processing without ditching 32-bit investments.
IBM #39;s Big Blue back on top as world #39;s fastest computer IBM #39;S Big Blue has helped the US reclaim the title of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer for the first time in three years.
NASA explores space system companies A partnership between The Boeing Company and Northrop Grumman Corporation has been created to compete for NASA #39;s Crew Exploration Vehicle for Project Constellation, a planned 
GoldenEye: RA Goes Gold Electronic Arts has announced that the anticipated next installment of the Bond series, GoldenEye: Rogue Agent, has gone gold. The game will put players in the role of an aspiring 00 agent dismissed from MI6 
UPDATE 1-FIFA bans Mutu worldwide after cocaine positive test FIFA has extended the seven-month ban on ex-Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu for drug abuse worldwide. The Romanian international was banned by the English Football Association (FA 
Old Lady running well, Inter Milan held back by X syndrome The Turin powerhouse, nicknamed  quot;Vecchia Signora quot; by its fans, enters Sunday #39;s 12th round of Serie A with an impressive 9-1-1 record and a six-point lead over second-place AC Milan, the defending champion.
Hines speeds toward NHRA title in Pro Stock Bike On genetics alone, Pro Stock Bike rider Andrew Hines was destined to win a championship. He just didn #39;t expect one in his second full season and definitely not at 21 years old, adding 
Report: NHL not losing as much as it claims New York, NY (Sports Network) - While it is definitely losing money, the National Hockey League isn #39;t as bad off as it claims, according to a published report in Forbes Magazine.
A Fool Looks Back Chips, soda, release dates, and interest rates -- all had more than a bit part to play in the market's theatrical production this past week.
Dutch to Withdraw Troops from Iraq in March  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The Dutch cabinet has decided to  bring home the 1,350 Dutch troops in Iraq in March next year,  confirming a decision first made in June, the Dutch news agency  ANP cited Defense Minister Henk Kamp as saying on Friday.
Mine blast kills 33, injures 6 in Henan Thirty-three people were confirmed dead in a gas explosion, which also injured six, at a coal mine in Central China #39;s Henan Province on Friday, according to local safety authorities.
Seoul May Ban North Korea College Web Site South Korea may ban access to a Web site of North Korea #39;s Kim Il-sung University to stop the communist state #39;s ideology from spreading among the South #39;s Internet-savvy young, an official said on Friday.
Activists Storm Parliament in Rebel Georgia Region  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Supporters of a candidate in a disputed  election in the separatist Georgian region of Abkhazia stormed  government buildings on Friday, Russia's Interfax news agency  reported.
Leaders pay tribute to Arafat Yasser Arafats formal military funeral in Cairo was a sombre and dignified occasion.
Call for more Darfur peacekeepers More peacekeepers are needed in Sudan's Darfur region to protect refugees, a top UN envoy says.
EU weighs Iranian nuclear reply EU countries analyse an Iranian response to EU pressure for it to halt plans to enrich uranium, officials say.
Voters show they want more say in growth issues (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Voters are sending mixed signals about how they want their communities to grow, embracing strict controls in some places and rejecting them in others.
Greek, British Police Break Illegal Software Ring  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek and British police in a joint  operation cracked a multi-million illegal software sales ring,  arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirate high-tech  software programs, Greek police said on Friday.
Bush to Meet With Latin American Allies President Bush is tacking on visits with two Latin American allies to his trip to Chile for a gathering of Asia-Pacific leaders later this month.
Santana Unanimous Pick for AL Cy Young As joyous fans celebrated by honking car horns in Caracas, Johan Santana sounded overwhelmed. He became the first Venezuelan to win a Cy Young Award, and not only that, he was a unanimous choice.
Anheuser Sells CCU Stake for \$299 Million &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Leading U.S. brewer AnheuserBusch &lt;BUD.N&gt; sold its 20 percent stake in Chile's biggestbrewer CCU &lt;CCU.SN&gt; for \$299 million in an auction on theSantiago Stock Exchange on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;
Oil Little Changed as US Inventories Expected to Meet Demand Crude oil futures were little changed after yesterday falling near a seven-week low on expectations an increase in imports and inventories will ensure US refiners have enough for winter heating oil production.
AOL, Kayak to Build Travel Search Site America Online has partnered with and taken a minority investment in travel search player Kayak Software. The two will build an AOL-owned travel search site, to launch in early 2005, which will be powered by Kayak #39;s technology.
Payless ShoeSource Swings to 3Q Profit Payless ShoeSource Inc., the nation #39;s largest shoe retailer, posted a third-quarter profit on Friday compared with year-ago losses, due to improved margins and lower payroll costs.
US stock futures flat ahead of data US stock futures pointed to a flat market open on Friday, pausing after the previous day #39;s big rally, as Wall Street awaits key economic data, though gains by computer maker Dell Inc.
SunTrust Banks Restates 1Q, 2Q Results SunTrust Banks Inc. on Friday reported an 11 percent rise in third-quarter earnings and said issues over accounting for bad loans led to the understatement of the company #39;s first- and second-quarter profit by \$25.
Moyes signs new deal Everton manager David Moyes has signed a new contract which will keep him at the club until 2009. The 41-year-old Scot has steered the Toffees to third place in the Barclays Premiership table despite last 
Peugeot Racing Quotes after SS5 PERTH, Australia -- Marcus:  quot;This has been a near-perfect start to the rally; we #39;ve had no problems at all. The car has been working well and we are pushing hard without taking unnecessary risks.
LEEDS TAKEOVER COLLAPSES The 25million takeover of soccer club Leeds United by an American consortium led by Sebastian Sainsbury has collapsed according to the BBC.
Woods ready to get into swing of new game  quot;I went through the same period back in end of  #39;97, all through  #39;98 and early  #39;99, quot; Woods said at a news conference Friday.
A New Era MILLIYET- Following Palestinian President Yasser Arafats death, the transition period is moving calmly, at least for now. There were concerns that a great political power vacuum would emerge 
Leaders pay tribute to Arafat World leaders and Palestinian representatives gathered in Cairo Friday morning for Yasser Arafat #39;s military funeral service. The funeral came hours before chaotic scenes in the West Bank 
Americans push deeper into Fallujah; Police in Mosul lose control &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; American forces Friday pushed deeper into the last remaining insurgent stronghold in Fallujah, and the Iraqi government rushed reinforcements 
Georgia State Joining CAA a Year Early (AP) AP - Georgia State will join the Colonial Athletic Association next summer, a year earlier than first announced. In May, the school said it would leave the Atlantic Sun Conference in 2006. Now, the move to the CAA has been pushed up to July 1, 2005.
Greece's Olympic bill doubles Hosting the 2004 Olympics cost Greece 9bn euros, twice the original estimate, the country's finance minister says.
Red Hat Opens China Office Linux provider Red Hat has opened an office in Beijing, China, joining the ranks of technology companies hoping to participate in the rapidly expanding Chinese market.
Mancini Clashes With Milan Fan A curious incident occurred on Thursday which had Roberto Mancini and a Milan fan involved. Apparently a quarrel between the Inter coach and a rossonero fan nearly degenerated into a fight.
Ivory Coast strife could spread across West Africa, says UN The flare-up of violence in the Ivory Coast - which has seen 300 British troops sent in to evacuate British nationals -ould spread across West Africa and plunge the region back into conflict, a senior UN official has warned.
US forces try to corner militants in Fallujah FALLUJAH, Iraq - US forces pushed deeper into the southern reaches of Fallujah, cornering militants backed into smaller pockets of the city.
EU weighs Iranian nuclear reply Iranian negotiators have responded to a deal struck with EU nations last week about the Islamic state #39;s nuclear programme, reports say.
Study: Supercomputer clusters shortchange security Group says popular technique threatens U.S. security by sidelining other approaches more suited to decryption and the like.\&lt;br /&gt;  Photo: IBM's unusual design\&lt;br /&gt; Photos: The fastest computer on Earth--for now\
Microsoft grabs lead in handheld market Handhelds that use Windows CE hold 48 percent market share worldwide, up from 41 percent a year ago. What's Palm to do?
AOL Doesn't Want Your Business The internet provider will cut broadband service to several southern states  Also: Greek and British police catch a software pirater   hellip;.  AOL to provide travel services to customers    hellip;. and more.
Britain Say 'Miracle Baby' Was a Fraud (AP) AP - An infertile Nigerian couple who believed a self-styled preacher's claim that their child was miraculously conceived were really the victim of greedy international child traffickers, a British judge ruled Friday.
Payless announces profit, stock surges Stock in Payless ShoeSource surged more than 15 percent this morning after the Topeka-based company posted a third-quarter profit compared with year-ago losses, due to improved margins and lower payroll costs.
Harmony Shareholders Approve New Shares (AP) AP - Shareholders of Harmony Gold Mining Co. on Friday overwhelmingly approved issuing new shares to fund the company's hostile takeover bid for Gold Fields Ltd.
Philippine train derails and plunges down slope, at least 12 dead (AFP) AFP - At least 12 people were killed and about 160 injured when a train derailed in the dark and plunged down a slope in the Philippines, officials said.
Finance ministers meet to settle dispute over offshore oil revenue (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Finance Minister Ralph Goodale sat down Friday with his counterparts from Newfoundland and Nova Scotia to try to work out a deal on the sharing of offshore oil and gas revenue.
Dell Contemplates AMD Chip Offerings Since its release in early 2003, AMD #39;s Opteron server CPU has made great inroads almost everywhere... except with Dell. The CEO of Dell, Kevin Rollins, says that may very well be about to change, as the company 
Administration ignores global warming warnings Yes, we know you don #39;t like that news, but it #39;s science - good science from what we can tell. A new four-year international report by 300 scientists from the United States and seven other countries that was 
Rights group: Hundreds missing in Chechnya A human rights group said Friday that 128 people from Chechnya were abducted in 2004 and are still missing, Interfax reported. Known as Memorial, the group also said 241 Chechen 
Computer Glitch Changes Election Result (AP) AP - A hand recount of ballots cast using optical scanning technology gave a Democrat enough extra votes to bump a Republican from victory in a county commissioner's race.
Sponsor: Cost Savings Through Application Performance Management Try this interactive ROI Assessment tool
Blue Titan adds reliable messaging to SOA tool Attempting to fine-tune its software for use in business-critical applications, Blue Titan Software on Monday is unveiling Network Director RM (Reliable Messaging), a tool for policy distribution and messaging in SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
Nortel delays financial restatements again Nortel Networks Corp. indicated that it won't be waking from its financial nightmare anytime soon when it delayed on Thursday the release of its financial statements for the third time because it found additional problems with its revenue reporting for past results.
Heat is on...Oceans could rise by a meter by 2100 Global warming is melting the Arctic ice faster than expected, and the world #39;s oceans could rise by about a meter by 2100, swamping homes from Bangladesh to Florida, the head of a study said.
E-Mail Authentication Faces Hurdles Cost, different standards remain the key challenges in the fight to craft an antispam plan.
SBC Tunes Into IP-Based TV Company is developing a fiber network that will deliver TV and data to homes.
News: Anti-virus outfit defends job for VXer Czech company Zoner Software has explained why it employed a prominent former virus writer to develop anti-virus software on its behalf.
News: Say hello to the 'time bomb' exploit Prepare yourself for "time bomb" exploits that attack web-based systems at a pre-determined time.
Consumers Keep Spending, Latest Data Show  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumers shrugged off record  oil prices to lift spending at the start of the fourth quarter,  data on Friday showed, in an upbeat sign for growth that may  signal another Federal Reserve rate hike in December.
Space Station Crew to Redock Spaceship (AP) AP - The American-Russian crew manning the international space station will redock a spaceship later this month in preparation for spacewalks planned for next year, Russian Mission Control said Friday.
Jones Apparel: Does Barney's Mean Trouble? The fashion company continues to build and buy in the face of disappointing sales.
Intel appoints Otellini as CEO Intel #39;s board of directors has elected current president and chief operating officer Paul Otellini as its next chief executive, succeeding Craig Barrett, who was named new chairman of the board.
Proxy fight may ensue on Oracle-PeopleSoft saga Software maker PeopleSoft is girding itself for a proxy battle as part of its 17-month takeover battle with Oracle, indicating it fears its shareholders are tempted to sell to its rival.
Retail Sales Increase, Autos Lose Luster Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for auto purchases last month but spent like mad in a number of other areas including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Jones Apparel: Does Barney #39;s Mean Trouble? but investors haven #39;t been doing the same. Yesterday, shares of Jones fell approximately 3 following the announcement 
Drama Queen's Co. Gets New CEO Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia names a new CEO, but will the big cheese ever learn?
Supersonic Search Engines During mid-tide, the volume of water thundering through Nova Scotia #39;s Minas Channel in the Bay of Fundy exceeds the flow from every river and stream on Earth.
Dell Warns Intel with Talk of AMD Inside Dell and Intel have danced this dance before, only this time the tune has changed.  quot;Historically Dell has done this because they aren #39;t getting the response they want from Intel and then Intel 
Parsons: AOL Warns Subscribers Re Broadband Service An idea whose time has passed? America Online told broadband subscribers in nine southern states to seek a new high-speed carrier by Jan. 17.
New observations help Kuiper Belt lose weight Objects in the Kuiper Belt - the region beyond Pluto #39;s orbit where many comets originate - may be much smaller than astronomers thought, according to observations made with NASA #39;s Spitzer infrared telescope.
Leonid meteor shower to peak next week Next week brings us the return of the famous Leonid meteor shower, a display that has brought great anticipation and excitement to sky watchers around the world.
Hewlett-Packard takes another stab at software Hewlett-Packard is returning to a software market where it suffered one of its worst defeats. But this time, the company has open-source software as its ally.
First Verizon, Sprint 3G phone plans emerge Samsung Electronics will provide 3G-capable phones that work over Verizon Wireless #39; and Sprint #39;s emerging 1xEV-DO cellular data networks starting in the first quarter 
Glazer forces out Man Utd directors Three directors of Manchester United have been ousted from the board after US tycoon Malcolm Glazer, who is attempting to buy the club, voted against their re-election.
Leeds to sell Elland Road as taekover deal collapses Leeds United, one of the great names in English soccer, said on Friday they were close to selling their Elland Road stadium after ending takeover talks with a British-American consortium.
Celtic v Inverness CT Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill has rubbished talks of a crisis after his side came in for criticism recently. With the success he has had since his arrival he has become immune to having his team scrutinised following defeat.
Expos Release Ticket Plan Washington #39;s Major League Baseball franchise today began to unveil its plans to sell season tickets, ending two weeks of delays and marking the first tangible way for fans to connect with 
Dawgs match up well with Auburn This week #39;s schedule may not be loaded with marquee matchups, but there are plenty of games Saturday with huge BCS implications.
=== Rangers re-sign Brocail === Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - The Texas Rangers announced Friday that they have re-signed right-handed pitcher Doug Brocail to a one-year contract.
Ruiz and Golota has the potential for one ugly heavyweight fight When John Ruiz gets in the ring, things usually get ugly. Put Andrew Golota in there with him, and things could get a lot uglier. That #39;s the possibility Saturday night when Ruiz defends his WBA heavyweight 
Artest says he wanted time off for family Ron Artest says he wanted time off from basketball to spend more time with his family and to heal his banged-up body, not to promote a new rap album, according to a broadcast report.
Supah Blitz heads Florida Million card at Calder The last time Supah Blitz raced at Calder he was beaten a dozen lengths in the Memorial Day Handicap. When he returns Saturday for the \$200,000 Carl G. Rose Handicap, the onetime local 
State of Virginia, not Florida, setting pace As expected, two teams from the same state sit atop the Atlantic Coast Conference football standings with less than a month to play.
Indonesian island hit by deadly quake JAKARTA, INDONESIA - At least 16 people died after an earthquake and a succession of aftershocks shook Alor Island in eastern Indonesia on Friday.
Journalists condemn Israel for Vanunu arrest The International Federation of Journalists today accused the Israeli authorities of  quot;a disgraceful abuse of democracy quot; in re-arresting nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu.
Bush hails Blair as  #39;visionary leader #39; The alliance between Britain and America is stronger than ever, President George W Bush has said following two days of talks with Tony Blair.
United directors ousted by Glazer US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has three Manchester United directors ousted from the board after voting against their re-election.
Iraqi Insurgents Shoot Down U.S. Army Helicopter Earlier today, insurgents attacked an American patrol in southern Baghdad, killing one American and wounding three others, the miiltary said.
Wild Crowds, Gunfire Force Hasty Arafat Burial  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A chaotic crush of mourners  filling the air with gunfire forced a hasty burial of Yasser  Arafat on Friday in the finale to a tumultuous life as the  trailblazer of Palestinian nationalism.
Expos Release Plan Washington's baseball team begins to unveil its plans to sell season tickets, marking the first tangible way for fans to connect with the team.
Tech Stocks Edge Higher, Lifted by Dell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose slightly on Friday,  boosted by computer maker Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;, but gains were  small as Wall Street took a breather after Thursday's rally.
Palestinian Minister to Israel: We Want Peace  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A Palestinian cabinet  minister told Israel on Friday "we want peace" and urged the  Jewish state to pull back troops from Palestinian cities to  assist elections after Yasser Arafat's death.
Recchi Signs Conditional Deal to Play in Finland  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - Pittsburgh Penguins forward  Mark Recchi has signed a contract to play with TPS Turku of the  Finnish Elite League if the NHL season is canceled.
Artest Back in the Lineup for Pacers Ron Artest is cleared by his coach to play for the Pacers on Friday night after being benched for two games for asking for time off because of his busy schedule.
Chaos as thousands swarm Arafat burial By Philippe Naughton, Times Online, and Stephen Farrell in Ramallah. Yassir Arafat was laid to rest in the West Bank city of Ramallah today amid a chaotic send-off from the people he had led as fighter and figurehead for almost four decades.
Microsoft probing reported flaws in Windows XP SP2 Microsoft Corp. Thursday said it is investigating claims that several new vulnerabilities have been found in Windows XP Service Pack 2 by security firm Finjan Software Inc. in San Jose, Calif. Finjan on Tuesday announced that it had found as many as 10 "serious" flaws in SP2.
World oil prices rise modestly; to decline further NEW YORK, November 12 (newratings.com) - Crude oil prices were volatile this morning, briefly rising on concerns regarding potential crude export disruptions in Nigeria due to a nationwide strike.
Air Borne: Delta pilots okay \$1bn in concessions CHICAGO: Pilots at Delta Air Lines have ratified a concession package that will save the carrier \$1bn a year, in a move the company hopes will buy it time to recast outside of bankruptcy.
Survey says Microsoft overtakes Palm Microsoft overtook PalmSource in the third quarter as the world #39;s biggest operating system for handheld computers, a survey showed Friday.
Quest For The Thanksgiving Soda GASTONIA, NC -- Last year, the Jones Soda Co. rolled out, to much fanfare, the noxious-sounding product Turkey  amp; Gravy Soda. It flew off shelves faster than free antacids on the day after Thanksgiving, and 
MSN #39;s Latest Search Beta Launched Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) MSN released the latest version of its homegrown search technology on Thursday (beta.search.msn.com), offering multiple ways to narrow results, including providing local results and natural language search.
Marvel Sues over City of Heroes The lawsuit claims South Korea-based NCSoft and San Jose-based Cryptic Studios violated Marvel #39;s trademark characters in their game City of Heroes.
Ruiz, Golota Has Potential to Be Ugly In this photo released by DKP, boxing promoter Don King, center, poses in New York, Thursday, Nov. 11, 2004 with the eight heavyweight boxers that will do battle in New York City #39;s Madison Square Graden on Staurday, Nov. 13.
Sharapova wins in fine style Maria Sharapova and Amelie Mauresmo opened their challenges at the WTA Championships with emphatic victories in Los Angeles. Mauresmo crushed Vera Zvonareva 6-1, 6-0 in 54 minutes, extending the Frenchwoman #39;s 
Leeds deny Sainsbury deal extension Leeds chairman Gerald Krasner has laughed off suggestions that he has granted Sebastien Sainsbury a seven-day extension to conclude a 25million takeover deal.
Rangers ride wave of optimism IT IS doubtful whether Alex McLeish had much time eight weeks ago to dwell on John Donnes famous meditation that No man is an Island.
Washington-Bound Expos Hire Ticket Agency WASHINGTON Nov 12, 2004 - The Expos cleared another logistical hurdle in their move to Washington on Friday, announcing an agreement with Ticketmaster to handle ticket sales.
NHL #39;s losses not as bad as they say: Forbes mag NEW YORK - Forbes magazine says the NHL #39;s financial losses weren #39;t nearly as bad as stated by the league over the last two years.
Resistance Rages to Lift Pressure Off Fallujah BAGHDAD, November 12 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - As the US military continued Friday, November 12, their massive sweep of Fallujah, resistance attacks were remarkably intensified across the war-torn country, in an effort to alleviate the 
Militants vow to avenge Arafat death Militants convinced Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat have vowed revenge attacks on the Jewish state and warned the new Palestinian leadership against any compromise as Arafat was brought home for burial.
Dollar Ignores Data as Slump Continues  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slumped across the board on  Friday, as dealers shrugged off positive U.S. economic data  amid concerns about the currency's shaky fundamentals.
US Stocks Rise, Led by Technology Shares; Dell Advances US stocks rose, led by technology shares after Dell Inc. #39;s chief executive officer said demand at the world #39;s No. 1 personal-computer maker is healthy.
Microsoft grabs lead in handheld market Microsoft has a firm grip on the handheld software market, winning the lead in shipments for the first time, a new report from Gartner shows.
Spitzer seen suing Universal Life Resources NEW YORK - New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who is probing bid-rigging in the insurance industry, expects to file suit against health insurance consultant Universal Life Resources as early as Friday, a spokesman for his office said.
Marvel Sues City of Heroes Dev, Publisher November 12, 2004 - Marvel is suing City of Heroes publisher NCsoft and developer Cryptic Studios reports a recent article in USA Today.
Serena Wins Ugly, Agassi Passes on Masters Cup Benchwarming It can #39;t be easy for former No. 1 Serena Williams, struggling to get back into tennis shape, and seeing countrywoman Lindsay Davenport battering 0-and-1 an opponent that the younger Williams sister barely edges 7-6(3), 7-5.
Keller loaned to Southampton for one month Southampton, England (Sports Network) - American international goalkeeper Kasey Keller has been loaned to Southampton for one month.
Spitzer Expects to Sue Universal Life  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer, who is probing bid-rigging in the insurance industry,  expects to file suit against insurance consultant Universal  Life Resources as early as Friday, a spokesman for his office  said.
Cybercriminals infiltrating U.K. companies Businesses need to screen potential employees more carefully, report says.
Global warming poses threat to animal life in the Arctic Rising temperatures in the Arctic will likely increase the region #39;s biodiversity as new species are drawn to the extreme north, but in a dramatic paradox many animals unique to the region, such as polar bears, risk extinction.
Glazer has revenge on Man Utd board Three Manchester United directors lost their seats on the Old Trafford board tonight as Malcolm Glazer exacted revenge for his stalled takeover bid.
Fallujah fighting rages American troops are facing resistance in rebel strongholds in northern Fallujah despite claiming they have trapped the insurgents in the south of the city.
NY #39;s leaders  amp; Arabs split Yasser Arafat is as much a polarizing figure in death as he was in life, drawing criticism from political foes but praise in the streets of Brooklyn #39;s Arab enclaves.
Charitable Donation Rules Are Changing The new tax act adds some complications to contribution requirements.
Pacers' Artest Back in the Lineup  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers forward Ron  Artest will be back in the lineup for Friday's game versus  Philadelphia at the Wachovia Center.
Prosecutor Asks for Eight Years for Berlusconi An Italian prosecutor asked a court on Friday to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in jail for bribing judges as the prime minister's four-year corruption trial reached its closing stages.
US Airways Seeks Court OK to Nix Contracts US Airways (UAIRQ.OB:OTC BB - news - research) wants a federal judge to tear up contracts with three of its unions, reduce retiree health benefits and cancel its remaining defined-benefit pension plans.
Aggregators: Changing the way you book travel online For many travelers, booking a vacation online is like going on a virtual scavenger hunt. They pick up a hotel at one site, search two others for a good airfare, and then turn to two more to compare rental car costs.
FedEx told to repay \$29M in 9-11 aid FedEx Corp. #39;s express air shipping unit was ordered to repay \$29 million in emergency financial aid granted by the US government after the Sept.
Forbes Medi-Tech Lifted by EU #39;s Reducol Approval Forbes Medi-Tech Inc. hit a milestone on Friday, winning European approval for the use of its cholesterol-lowering ingredient, Reducol, in milk-based drinks in the European Union.
Romney calls for Turnpike chairman to resign in wake of Big Dig Gov. Mitt Romney called on Massachusetts Turnpike Authority Chairman Matthew Amorello to resign on Friday, citing ongoing management troubles 
Kelly: Southwest CEO Slams  #39;Anticompetitive #39; Law About-face: Southwest Airlines (nyse: LUV - news - people ) Chief Executive Gary Kelly did a 180-degree turn Friday. The carrier #39;s policy toward a federal law limiting its service from Dallas had been, well, the absence of policy: Official neutrality.
China to Invest \$10 Bln Over Two Years in Brazil (Update2) China pledged to invest \$10 billion in Brazil over the next two years as the two countries strengthen economic and trade ties. China agreed to invest in railroads, ports, steel mills 
Windows CE surpasses shipments of Palm OS for the first time Market research firm Gartner reported worldwide growth of PDA shipments for the third quarter of 2004, with Windows CE outpacing Palm OS installations for the first time.
Virtualization company moves wares to Windows After long delay, SWsoft is set to test Windows version of its software that subdivides single copy of OS to look like several.
Can Microsoft Kill Google? To get back to what MSN #39;s new search means, start by thinking of ad dollars. As Foolish paid-search fan Rick Munarriz has pointed out many times, this is a big business, with plenty of room to grow.
Leonid Meteor Shower Peaks Next Friday Astronomers say the show should be a good one. They note, however, that predicting meteor shower intensity is not always an exact science.
AMD Climbs on Dell #39;s Server Chip Interest Shares of Advanced Micro Devices (AMD:NYSE - news - research) took a joyride Friday as news circulated that server giant Dell (DELL:Nasdaq - news - research) may adopt AMD #39;s server chip.
Microsoft Biting the Apple Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is waking up to the music. In the latest attempt to capture the fast-growing market of online music the big M is fighting to break the hold Apple #39;s (Nasdaq: AAPL) iPod has on the market.
Evolution trial lawyers make final pleas Lawyers fighting a court challenge of evolution disclaimers on textbooks told a federal judge in final arguments Friday that the goal was tolerance.
GAME REVIEW: Exciting  #39;Halo 2 #39; game shoots for perfection At the risk of breaking down its rough-and-rugged reputation,  quot;Halo 2 quot; for Xbox is the Mary Poppins of video games,  quot;practically perfect in every way.
Red Hat Revs Up China Operations One of the first initiatives for Red Hat Beijing will be to support Linux and open-source education by making the Red Hat Academy program freely available to students.
Novell sues Microsoft for sinking WordPerfect Company says software giant excluded app from market, but Microsoft says Novell's mismanagement caused WordPerfect to lose favor with consumers. \
Toshack #39;s big plans for Wales John Toshack will leave no stone unturned in his quest to build a Wales team capable of qualifying for the World Cup and European Championships.
Guillen would like to return to Angles Anaheim Angels: Outfielder Jose Guillen says he still feels emotional pain from being suspended the last eight games of the regular season and being dropped from the playoff roster.
Badgers ready for conference battle with Spartans Madison, WI (U-WIRE) -- After a convincing home victory over Minnesota last week, No. 4 Wisconsin (9-0, 6-0) launches the final leg of its 2004 campaign on the road against Michigan State (3-3, 4-5).
Take favorites UTEP, Ball State, Tulane While Georgia vs. Auburn is the marquee, must-watch game, we #39;re looking elsewhere for this week #39;s best opportunities. We found four, including Oklahoma, which may not let up on poor Nebraska until reaching triple digits.
Europe leverage seems limited in Mideast As the Palestinians #39; main donor and Israel #39;s top commercial partner, Europe could be a major player in pushing to restart the stalled Middle East peace process in the post-Yasser Arafat era.
European-Iran nuclear deal tottering A deal committing Iran to suspend activities that Washington says are part of a nuclear arms program was close to collapse Friday, with diplomats suggesting that Tehran had 
 #36;11.6B Bill for Athens Games May Climb (AP) AP - The bill arrived for the Athens Olympics on Friday  #151; about  #36;11.6 billion, and it might climb higher. The tally announced by the government was almost double the original estimate, making the games by far the most expensive in Olympic history. The 2000 Sydney Games cost  #36;1.5 billion and the 1996 Atlanta Games  #36;1.72 billion.
Pacers' Artest Back in the Lineup (Reuters) Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward Ron\Artest will be back in the lineup for Friday's game versus\Philadelphia at the Wachovia Center.
US shoppers splash out in October (AFP) AFP - Shoppers, the driving force of the US economy, splashed out with unexpected vigor in October as the job market showed signs of a revival, a government report showed.
Novell Files Additional Antitrust Suit Against Microsoft Less than a week after a collecting a \$536 million settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell Inc. on Friday filed another lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws.
America's Largest Private Companies (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Editors: Shlomo Reifman and Samantha N. Wong\Researchers: Joshua Brandt, Fei Mei Chan, \Andrew T. Gillies, Soo Jeong, Edward Knudsen, \Artie Kwok, John Ray and Jody Yen\Programmer: Carl Subick
Spitzer Charges Universal Life with Fraud  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer on Friday filed suit against Universal Life Resources  (ULR), charging the life and disability insurance broker with  taking fraudulent kick-backs for steering business to certain  insurers.
Stocks Resume Rally, Dell Boosts Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rallied further on Friday,  led by computer maker Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;, a day after it  reported a higher quarterly profit and issued an optimistic  forecast.
Black Flags Are Deadly Signals as Cornered Rebels Fight Back The flags are the insurgents' answer to two-way radios, their way of massing the troops and concentrating fire on an enemy.
US FCC May Back Some Phone Network Sharing-Sources  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Competitive telephone carriers could  still serve small and medium-sized businesses by cheaply  leasing the big local telephone networks under rules being  drafted by U.S. communications regulators, sources familiar  with the matter said this week.
Target Can Aim High Target can maintain its discount image while offering pricier services and merchandise.
Kohl's Reconnects With Mothers The specialty department store chain goes back to basics to get in touch with its customer base.
Concur Wants to Track Your Travel Most companies need to keep tabs on travel   entertainment expenses. Concur thinks it has a better way.
Dutch Launch International Hunt for Syrian Suspect  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch authorities have launched an  international hunt for a Syrian man they believe is the leader  of a radical Muslim network, prosecutors said on Friday.
Rebel Leader Trial Descends Into Chaos -- Again  CALLAO NAVAL BASE, Peru (Reuters) - Peru's retrial of  Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman turned into a farcical  mud slinging on Friday as one judge quit the case and the  prosecutor called on the two other justices to resign.
Activists Storm Parliament in Rebel Georgia Region  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Supporters of a candidate in a disputed  election in Georgia's separatist Abkhazia region stormed  government buildings on Friday and one protester was killed in  the melee, Russian media reported.
Electronic Arts faces overtime lawsuit Game giant sued for failing to pay overtime. Meanwhile, blog sparks flurry of complaints about work conditions in game industry.
Leaders hail Mid-East peace hope An independent Palestinian state could be established within four years, President George W Bush says.
Self-Destructing DVDS to Reach More People (AP) AP - The Christmas-themed movie "Noel" most likely won't be coming to a theater near you  #151; but if you miss it on cable, there's always the self-destructing DVD.
Prosecutor Seeks 8-Year Jail Term for Italy's PM (Reuters) Reuters - An Italian prosecutor asked a court on\Friday to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in jail for\bribing judges as the prime minister's four-year corruption\trial reached its closing stages.
The Election That Never Ends ... Online (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - John Kerry may have conceded his loss in the presidential election the day after the polls closed last week, but the blogosphere is still abuzz with charges of e-voting machine fraud and other conspiracy theories claiming that President Bush didn't fairly (or actually) win reelection.
T-Mobile in Wi-Fi Roaming Pact (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - T-Mobile has signed an agreement with six international wireless telephony companies to simplify roaming and billing arrangements for customers using Wi-Fi around the world.
Analyst: Open-Source CRM Not Yet a Contender (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Commercial open source CRM providers have established their presence in the CRM market in relatively short order, with at least four companies -- Sugar CRM, Ohioedge Anteil, Compiere -- setting up shop over the last year.
Security Firm Reports Ten New XP SP2 Flaws (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A security firm says it has found 10 major security flaws in Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows XP Service Pack 2. The weaknesses could allow intruders to bypass many of the security measures implemented by the update.
No. 22 Alabama Edges Charlotte 101 (3OT) (AP) AP - Kennedy Winston scored a career-high 33 points and hit a 16-foot jumper with 20.5 seconds left in the third overtime to give No. 22 Alabama a 102-101 win over Charlotte on Saturday night.
PeopleSoft, Oracle: Like Red Sox vs. Yankees? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A great deal of speculation has surrounded Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) 18-month attempt to acquire PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT).
Nigerian President Orders Price Reduction (AP) AP - Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo attempted to calm labor discontent Friday ahead of a planned general strike, saying he would order the reduction of kerosene prices.
Context Conference takes place during Macworld Expo (MacCentral) MacCentral - There's a new conference happening concurrently with this year's Macworld Conference  amp; Expo. It's called Context, and it's described a new series of events that "bring together marketing, creative services, and IT groups within an organization to explore the technical, artistic and sociological ramifications of data-driven, opt-in publishing." Context, created by IDG World Expo, has announced three conference tracks for its inaugural event, which happens from January 12 - 14, 2005 at the Moscone Center Esplanade in San Francisco, Calif.
Indigenous Groups Urge U.S. to Slow Arctic Thaw (Reuters) Reuters - Arctic indigenous peoples urged the\United States on Friday to join other nations in cutting\greenhouse gas emissions to brake an accelerating thaw of the\polar ice.
Official: Paige to Leave Education Post (AP) AP - Education Secretary Rod Paige intends to leave his Cabinet position, a Bush administration official told The Associated Press Friday.
Bush Sees Patriot Act Renewal As Key Goal (AP) AP - Attorney General John Ashcroft is leaving but the top issues for the Justice Department are the same heading into President Bush's second term: persuading Congress to renew key parts of the anti-terrorism Patriot Act and continuing fundamental reforms at the FBI.
Colorado May Be Blueprint for Democrats (AP) AP - On the campaign trail, Democrat Ken Salazar criticized President Bush, Iraq and the war on terrorism. But the soft-spoken moderate spent just as much time talking about family, faith and the spirituality of his home in Colorado's San Luis Valley.
BCS takes shape as USC, Auburn complete unbeaten seasons No. 1 USC wasn #39;t at its best, but Reggie Bush was and his two scintillating long TD runs helped the Trojans hold off UCLA 29-24 on Saturday.
Oil Eases as Supplies Offset Winter Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Friday as swelling  crude stockpiles countered worries over a cold snap in the U.S.  Northeast that is expected to keep furnaces fired up until the  middle of next week.
Today #39;s business news Intel named President Paul Otellini as its next chief executive officer, choosing a non-engineer to run the world #39;s largest computer-chip maker for the first time.
Novell sues Microsoft over WordPerfect Novell Inc. on Friday filed an antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft Corp., accusing the software giant of unfairly eliminating competition for office productivity applications during the time Novell owned the WordPerfect word processing application and the Quattro Pro spreadsheet application.
Google doubles search index Google has doubled the number of Web pages it indexes from 4 billion to about 8 billion, according to a posting on the company #39;s Web site.
Police break illegal software ring Greek and British police in a joint operation have cracked a multi-million illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirate high-tech software programs, Greek police say.
NASA Managers Available To Discuss Shuttle Return To Flight The top managers of NASA #39;s human and robotic programs are coming together to share their expertise as the agency prepares to return a safer Space Shuttle to flight.
Probe Gets Cozy with Mars Moon Nov. 12, 2004 - A new image, taken by the European Space Agency #39;s Mars Express spacecraft, focuses in on the Martian moon Phobos, revealing fine details of the planet #39;s largest satellite.
Panel Urges More Funding for US Supercomputers On Monday IBM #39;s BlueGene/L was placed first on a list of the world #39;s 500 fastest computers. The ranking is issued twice each year.
IF McCline Is Big Time He #39;ll Defeat Byrd GlovedFistJuno.com - He #39;s five inches taller, has an eight inch advantage in reach, and out weighs his opponent by at least sixty pounds.
FIFA bans Mutu from games worldwide Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu will be barred from playing anywhere in the world after a seven-month English ban for doping offences was ratified Friday by world soccer #39;s governing body.
Daly #39;s wife pleads guilty Oxford, MS (Sports Network) - John Daly #39;s wife, Sherrie Miller Daly, pleaded guilty to a federal money laundering charge on Friday and will await sentencing.
Hines expects to win title for Pro Stock Bike It wasn #39;t exactly the beginning Andrew Hines was hoping for. But the former Whittier resident still isn #39;t the least bit concerned that he can #39;t clinch the Pro Stock Bike this weekend.
Rose Bowl wants to avoid UM-Wisconsin matchup Yes, the Michigan and Wisconsin football teams could potentially decide Big Ten bragging rights in the Rose Bowl. That was the advice Thursday from Dave Davis, 2005 Tournament of Roses president.
Fulham lose legal fight with Tigana English Premiership side Fulham lost their High Court legal dispute with former manager Jean Tigana. Tigana, the former France international midfielder, took the club to court over accusations that he effectively 
Washington-bound Expos hire ticket agency The Expos cleared another logistical hurdle in their move to Washington on Friday, announcing an agreement with Ticketmaster to handle ticket sales.
Is Your Domain Name Being Hijacked? New rule creates potential security flaw for domain name transfers.
Company: Ameritrade Hldg Corp New With presidential election-related uncertainty safely in the past, retail investors have returned to the US stock market with gusto, and they #39;re likely to stay engaged, several trading companies said Friday.
Pixar Guides Higher The producer of  quot;The Incredibles quot; and  quot;Finding Nemo quot; also said Thursday that it was entertaining the idea of shifting its schedule back six months, so that its movies -- released at the pace of once a year -- would debut during summer vacation rather than 
Study: Supercomputer clusters shortchange security com November 12, 2004, 8:58 AM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
US  #39;keeper Kasey Keller joins Southampton on loan US goalkeeper Kasey Keller, who lost his starting job at Tottenham, joined Southampton on Friday in a four-week loan deal. Keller has played in only two games for Spurs this season after being 
DOT orders FedEx to repay \$29 million MEMPHIS, Tenn. Memphis-based FedEx is challenging a Transportation Department order to repay 29 (m) million dollars. It #39;s part of the federal money the package carrier received after the 2001 terrorist attacks shut down flights.
China to strengthen coal mine safety China will take tough measures this winter to improve the country #39;s coal mine safety and prevent accidents. State Councilor Hua Jianmin said Thursday the industry should take 
This answer eclipses all the others Until the rain clouds moved in, I was watching the juxtaposition of two planets that appeared to be converging on the same spot in the early-morning eastern sky.
Dell CEO says AMD products are on the horizon In the annals of computer news, reports of Dell being near to using AMD products have become something akin to UFO sightings: lots of circumstantial evidence surfaces, but it never really quite happens.
Major software pirates caught A multimillion-euro software piracy ring has been broken following synchronized raids in Athens and London yesterday, Attica police said.
Entreprenuer.com Partners with IndustryBrains for Sponsored Links Entreprenuer.com Partners with IndustryBrains for Sponsored Links\\IndustryBrains, which focuses on site specific contextual Pay-Per-Click advertising programs, announced that it has partnered with Entrepreneur Media, Inc. to provide its content-targeted sponsored links on Entrepreneur.com and SmallBizSearch.com, two of the most respected online resources for business owners and partners.\\IndustryBrains will provide its ...
Windows vs Linux : Web Hosting Windows vs Linux : Web Hosting\\The Basics of Linux  #038; Windows : Linux (and its close relation Unix) and Windows 2000 (and its close cousin Windows NT) are types of software (known as operating systems) that web servers use to do the kind of things that web servers do. You ...
U.S. OKs Commercial Drilling in Alaska Oil Reserve (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Interior Department on\Friday gave final approval to a plan by ConocoPhillips and\partner Anadarko Petroleum Corp. to develop five tracts around\the oil-rich Alpine field on Alaska's North Slope.
Georgia Vs. Auburn: a Game With Everything (AP) AP - This Georgia-Auburn game has it all: star quarterbacks, stingy defenses, talented running backs and high stakes. It's got No. 3 Auburn trying to remain in the national championship hunt and avenge losses the last two years to one of its biggest rivals, and No. 8 Georgia jockeying for a spot in the Bowl Championship Series.
Oil Finishes Week Below \$50 Per Barrel Crude futures prices fell slightly on Friday, capping off a 5 percent decline from a week ago, as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipate amid rising oil supplies.
Did Dell Excel? Plus, Pixar "stuns" Wall Street, Tiffany's pricey elements, and charitable donation rules are changing.
Too High for a Comfortable Fit Payless ShoeSource beats analyst estimates, but is its stock too expensive?
Consumers Send Upbeat Signals on Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumers shrugged off record  oil prices to keep spending at the start of the fourth quarter,  data on Friday showed, in an upbeat sign for growth that may  presage another Federal Reserve rate hike in December.
Stocks Rally on Dell's Outlook, Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rallied further on Friday,  as a bright business outlook from computer maker Dell Inc. and  a further dip in oil prices powered blue chips and tech stocks  to close the week at their highest level in months.
The Sound of Gaining 100 in a Day Dynamic Materials, with the stock symbol BOOM, was up 100 in early Nasdaq trading.
Microsoft Biting the Apple The company is taking ever-closer steps to getting in Apple's musical domain.
Toys "R" Us Has Faithful Friends Toy manufacturers decide to support Toys "R" Us with exclusive products and advertising.
Tiffany's Pricey Elements Tiffany is taking it on the chin as spiking raw material costs eat into its bottom line.
This week in game news "Halo 2" proves heaven-sent as Microsoft racks up big-time sales and game fans burn the midnight oil.
UN creates Internet governance working group Delegates to world summit agreed to set up a working group to discuss management of the Internet at both technical and policy levels after failing to reach a consensus on this contentious issue.
Cyprus calls Turkey to EU talks Cyprus invites Turkey to discuss the stalemate on the divided island which it says is crucial to Turkey's entry.
AOL sets sail into travel search market Company partners with Kayak Software with aim to complement the burgeoning online travel sales market.
U.S. Airborne Laser Advances to 'First Light'  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Boeing Co.-led team has  successfully fired for the first time a powerful laser meant to  fly aboard a modified 747 as part of a U.S. ballistic missile  defense shield, officials said on Friday.
Microsoft probing reported flaws in Windows XP SP2 Microsoft is downplaying claims that several new vulnerabilities in Windows XP SP2 were discovered by Finjan Software, but it is looking into the claims anyway.
Cisco expands WLAN line, teams up with AirDefense Cisco Systems has announced a pair of wireless access points that offer dual-band connectivity and said its line of wireless networking products is being integrated with intrusion-detection software from AirDefense.
Greek, British police break illegal software ring Greek and British police have cracked a multimillion-dollar illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated high-tech software programs.
Sun's Linux wins right to be considered in Japan They're on a list, and they want to tell us all about it
ICANN domain transfer policy takes effect Domain name owners can now choose registrars in much the same way telephone numbers can be moved between carriers, ICANN said.
US Airways asks to scrap union accords, terminate costly pensions WASHINGTON (AFP) - US Airways, taking punishing losses, asked a bankruptcy judge to let it scrap deals with three unions, terminate pensions with set payouts, and slash health benefits.
Too High for a Comfortable Fit Payless ShoeSource (NYSE: PSS) makes a living selling shoes for less, but the stock, up 19 at its high today, is the largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange.
Hu praises Brazil for recognizing China #39;s market-economy status Visiting Chinese President Hu Jintao said Friday that he appreciates Brazil #39;s announcement of recognizing China #39;s market-economy status.
Nintendo Set to Launch New Game System (AP) AP - Nintendo Co. is set to launch Nintendo DS, the latest of its wallet-sized game systems designed to slip easily into your backpack and encourage procrastination wherever you may roam.
Microsoft Takes Lead in PDA Shipments (AP) AP - SAN JOSE, Calif.  #151; Microsoft Corp.'s software platform for personal digital assistants took over the market lead from PalmSource Inc. for the first time in the third quarter, according to market research released Friday.
Opera Sings Blues, Posting 3Q Losses Triple Last Year #39;s Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox said that Opera is making a smart move by spending more money on marketing. He said some fear and uncertainty remains about the security level of Microsoft #39;s 
EPA Will Use Poor Kids as Guinea Pigs in New Study on Pesticides WASHINGTON -- November 12 -- The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), led by Bush appointees, plans to launch a new study in which participating low income families will have their children exposed to toxic pesticides over the course of two years.
Artest #39;s request for time off a troublesome sign; Warriors mull &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At first it seemed funny.  quot;Did you hear the latest about Ron Artest? He asked for a month off to promote his new CD? Man, he must be one brick shy of a load.
The Palestinian struggle is greater than Arafat The Palestinian struggle for freedom and independence is larger than the late President Yasser Arafat. The decades-long symbolism that Arafat embodied should not be underestimated.
Cry no tears for Arafat The short man had a very long name. Mohammed Abdel Raouf Arafat al-Qudwa al-Husseini, who was 5 feet 4, proved larger than life when he died last Thursday, 13 days after he arrived for treatment in a military hospital in France.
Novell Files Additional Suit Vs. Microsoft (AP) AP - Less than a week after a collecting a  #36;536 million settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell Inc. on Friday filed another lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws.
Microsoft Biting the Apple (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT - News) is waking up to the music. In the latest attempt to capture the fast-growing market of online music the big M is fighting to break the hold Apple's (Nasdaq: AAPL - News) iPod has on the market. The deal is to join up with a big-name financial company in hopes of making the sale of music more attractive.
Vikings' Smith Out Two More Weeks (AP) AP - Vikings linebacker Raonall Smith will miss at least two more games because of concussions.
Bush and Blair present united front on new chance for Mideast peace (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (CP) - President George W. Bush and his staunch Iraq ally, Britain's Tony Blair, presented a united front Friday on enlisting Europe's help for a new push to establish a peaceful Palestinian state.
N.C. Voting System Has Many Failures (AP) AP - A Florida-style nightmare has unfolded in North Carolina in the 10 days since Election Day, with thousands of votes missing and the outcome of two statewide races still up in the air.
Dollar Ignores Data as Downtrend Persists  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sank across the board on  Friday as dealers shrugged off robust U.S. economic data and  kept their focus on the currency's shaky fundamentals.
Bush Promises Europe Trip to Heal Divide (AP) AP - President Bush said Friday he'll carry a message of shared values and goals to Europe during a trip planned after his inauguration, reaching out to those dismayed by the Iraq war and what they see as a go-it-alone foreign policy.
Sen. Specter's Critics Turn Fire on Tort Reform (Reuters) Reuters - Critics seeking to keep moderate\Pennsylvania Republican Arlen Specter from chairing the Senate\Judiciary Committee were broadening their offensive on Friday\by attacking his record on curbing lawsuits.
Update 5: Oil Prices Rise Amid Nigerian Worries Crude oil futures rose Friday as markets remained wary about a possible strike by oil workers in Nigeria and potentially low heating oil supplies at the beginning of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
Ivorian Crisis Vindicates Me -Bagbin Minority Leader and Member of Parliament of Nadowli North Alban Kingsford Sumani Bagbin says current happenings in the Ivory Coast have vindicated the submission he made at an NDC function in Kumasi that the International Community had lost confidence in 
Death in the Sudan: The world can no longer delay intervention A full season has passed since the UN Security Council gave the government in Sudan one month to stop its campaign of ethnic cleansing in the region of Darfur.
Scott Peterson Convicted of Murdering Wife Scott Peterson was found guilty of murder today by a California jury for killing his wife, Laci Peterson, and the couples unborn child.
Palm OS PDA Shipments Crash - Windows Mobile (CE) Now #1 In a massive popularity shift, of the 2.8 million PDAs that were shipped globally last quarter, Windows Mobile took a 48.1 market share while the Palm OS took a meager 29.
Bombardier Bonds Weaken After Moody #39;s Reduces Rating to Junk Bonds of Bombardier Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of train equipment, declined after Moody #39;s Investors Service cut its credit rating two levels to junk.
Dell CEO Says AMD Looking Good Dell CEO Kevin Rollins sent a clear signal to Intel, saying in an interview that the company is likely to begin using Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) processors in some of its products.
Arguments conclude in evolution sticker trial Attorneys in a lawsuit challenging evolution disclaimers on biology textbooks in a suburban school district made closing arguments today in Atlanta before a federal judge.
Sports briefs November 12, 2004 The final cost of the Athens Olympics soared to about \$11.6 billion -- at least \$3.1 billion more than originally estimated. The figure did not include transportation projects such as the new tram line, suburban 
Leeds United to sell ground as takeover collapses Leeds United Football Club is to sell its ground, Elland Road, after a takeover bid by a local consortium led by Sebastian Sainsbury fell through.
Moyes Dreams of European Adventure David Moyes spoke of his desire to lead Everton into Europe after signing a new contract which will keep him at Goodison Park until 2009.
Canada's largest Protestant church opposes efforts by some clergy to unionize (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The United Church of Canada is pouring cold water on unionizing efforts by a group of stressed-out clergy.
HP to offer first-call support for JBoss app server In a deal aimed at helping corporate IT decision-makers feel more comfortable about open-source software offerings, Hewlett-Packard Co. plans to offer first-call support for JBoss Inc.'s open-source application server application.
Vendors seek certification for application security tools Four small security software vendors have teamed up to develop a set of technical criteria for tools designed to secure Web applications. They also invited Cisco and other large IT vendors to take part in the certification program.
Security pros bemoan need for tactical focus Security managers at this week's Computer Security Institute conference said they spend too much time dealing with software flaws and virus threats to develop more strategic approaches to safeguarding corporate information.
Novell's antitrust suit points to continued Office dominance Novell's antitrust lawsuit alleging that Microsoft illegally tried to stifle competition in the desktop applications market in the mid-1990s highlights the ongoing problems alternatives to Microsoft Office have in winning users.
Novell sues Microsoft over WordPerfect Novell has filed an antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft, accusing it of unfairly eliminating competition for office productivity applications at the time Novell owned the WordPerfect and Quattro Pro applications.
AMD talks up hybrid flash memory design Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) plans to develop flash memory chips that blend the best characteristics of the two dominant flash memory architectures, the company announced.
First Look: Wearable Camera Debuts Deja View's pricey miniature video camera lets you play back the highlights of your life.
Microsoft Snatches PDA Market Lead From PalmSource Microsoft Corp. led the market in the third quarter for operating systems used in personal digital assistants, surpassing for the first time the Palm OS that dominated the handheld-computer segment for years.
Novell Files Antitrust Suit Vs. Microsoft As it said it would, Novell (NOVL:Nasdaq - news - research) filed a federal lawsuit in Utah alleging that Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) tried to eliminate competition in the office productivity applications market when Novell owned the 
More samples from La. and Miss. being tested for soybean rust BATON ROUGE, La. - Agriculture officials are testing plant samples from three Louisiana parishes and one Mississippi county for the fungus soybean rust, which damages crop production and forces farmers to use costly fungicide treatments.
Nintendo DS Kicking Butt in Japan It won #39;t ship until December, but retailer report sky-high orders for the system. November 12, 2004 - According to a Nikkei report, orders for the Nintendo DS system in Japan have reached more than two million 
Sun #39;s Linux wins right to be considered in Japan Sun Microsystems has opened a second front for its Linux-based desktop operating system in Asia with a Japanese win of sorts. Sun #39;s Java Desktop System has been picked as one open source OS of preference during 
Possible pollution concerns at Pfizer facility in Portage (Kalamazoo County, November 12, 2004, 1:34 pm) Officials with pharmaceutical giant Pfizer are working with the Environmental Protection Agency to repair maintenance problems at its facility in Portage.
Arafat #39;s legacy  #39;to haunt successors #39; BBC world affairs editor John Simpson knew the former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat well. He considers what the future holds for the Palestinian people now he has gone.
Rumsfeld visits Central America US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is visiting Central America this week, primarily to thank the governments for supporting the war in Iraq.
Geographic Photographer Dies in Amazon Plane Crash French freelance photographer Nicolas Reynard, who had worked for the National Geographic Society several times, died yesterday. The seaplane in which he was traveling crashed in the Negro River near Manaus in northern Brazil.
Brazil Recognizes China as a 'Market Economy'  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil has met Chinese wishes  to recognize the Asian country as a "market economy" in a move  to solder the two emerging giants' growing commercial ties, the  nations' leaders said on Friday.
Shining Path retrial halted again The retrial of Peruvian guerrilla leader Abimael Guzman is halted for a second time in a week.
Legacy 'to haunt successors' The BBC's John Simpson assesses the legacy of Yasser Arafat, a man he knew well.
Brazil backs China on trade bid Brazil is the latest country to recognise China as a market economy in a move expected to consolidate their trade ties.
Novell Sues Microsoft Over WordPerfect Software  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Novell Inc. sued Microsoft Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday, claiming that the world's largest software  maker used its Windows monopoly to hurt sales of the  WordPerfect processing program, which the smaller rival owned  briefly a decade ago.
Stocks Finish Higher on Retail Report Wall Street closed its third straight winning week with another rally Friday, advancing as a new retail sales report and a consumer sentiment reading showed that Americans are growing more confident about the economy.
Air Canada holding company reports Q3 loss of \$81M due to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Air Canada #39;s new holding company reported a third-quarter loss of \$81 million as the airline completed its restructuring under creditor protection.
Novell Sues Microsoft Over WordPerfect Software Novell Inc. sued Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O on Friday, claiming that the world #39;s largest software maker used its Windows monopoly to hurt sales of the WordPerfect processing program, which the smaller rival owned briefly a decade ago.
JC Penney #39;s Castagna to Leave Company JC Penney Co. said Friday that Vanessa Castagna - chairman and chief executive of the clothing retailer #39;s stores, catalog, and Internet operations - is leaving the company when her contract expires on Sunday.
US Airways asks bankruptcy judge to cancel three union contracts US Airways asked a bankruptcy judge Friday to cancel labour contracts with three of its unions and impose much lower pay so it can move ahead with a plan to permanently cut costs, reposition 
Duceppe advocates new, pan-American currency Bloc Quebecois Leader Gilles Duceppe has issued a sweeping monetary and political blueprint, calling for a sovereign Quebec and for replacing the Canadian dollar with a new currency for North, Central and South America.
AOL Books Reservation for Spot in Online Travel AOL said it was intent on making travel an important part of its content expansion, which increasingly includes general Web properties that all Internet users can access as well as content just 
Finjan: Warning users or scaring up business? Security tools maker Finjan Software warned on Wednesday that it hadfound as many as 10 security flaws in the last update to Microsoft #39;s flagship operating system, Windows XP Service Pack 2. In a statement 
Dell Soars To Four-Year Highs Shares of Dell (Quote, Chart) soared 8.5 Friday to their highest level in more than four years, as investors cheered the company #39;s strong results and bullish outlook.
HP to offer first-call support for JBoss app server NOVEMBER 12, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - In a deal aimed at helping corporate IT decision-makers feel more comfortable about moving to open-source software offerings, Hewlett-Packard Co.
Nintendo DS Feature a Day #4 November 12, 2004 - Going all the way to the official launch of the Nintendo DS system, we #39;re going to break the new handheld hardware down to its individual parts and talk about specific elements that make the Nintendo DS so darn cool.
NASA To Try for Scramjet Speed Record An innovative engine that compresses air by its shape alone to reach hypersonic speeds will attempt to break its own record next week with a test flight over the Pacific Ocean.
 quot;Night of Heavyweights quot; Features Boxing Champions Past and Present World Boxing Association heavyweight champion John Ruiz of Puerto Rico and International Boxing Federation champion Chris Byrd of the United States defend their titles Saturday night in New York City.
Busch wins NASCAR pole in Darlington DARLINGTON, South Carolina (Ticker) - With so much emphasis being placed on NASCAR #39;s  quot;Chase for the Championship, quot; it won #39;t be hard to keep track of those 10 drivers in Sunday #39;s Southern 500.
Stumbling Gunners try to steady ship in derby London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal and Tottenham will clash in the North London derby Saturday as the Gunners attempt to recover their unbeatable form at White Hart Lane.
SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down a key SEC showdown Senior quarterback David Greene is quietly having an outstanding season. In last Saturday #39;s rout of Kentucky, Greene earned his 40th career victory, passing Peyton Manning for the most in Division IA history.
Who #39;ll be traded first? The favourite is Eddy Curry Asked who might be the first big-name player to be traded this season, Knicks president Isiah Thomas answered Eddy Curry and 76ers president Billy King guessed Kurt Thomas.
Sentencing hasn #39;t been set OXFORD, Miss. -- Sherrie Miller Daly, wife of professional golfer John Daly, pleaded guilty Friday to a federal money laundering charge.
US troops push deeper into Fallujah Fierce fire fights have erupted in the south of Fallujah as trapped enemy fighters make a last stand against US and Iraqi forces. In areas of Fallujah now under US and Iraqi Army control, US forces are taking 
South Korea happy with IAEA report SEOUL: South Korea said Friday it was satisfied with a UN atomic energy agency report which showed that unauthorised nuclear experiments by government scientists went further than previously thought.
Roadmap for troops cut being readied:Pranab NEW DELHI: A day after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced reduction of troops in Jammu and Kashmir, Defence Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday said a roadmap was being prepared for the withdrawal.
Finjan: Warning users or scaring up business? Antivirus firm warns of 10 holes in Windows XP SP2. Solution: Buy the company's products.
That's enough peace - Novell sues MS just one more time 'Ransack the church' suggested in WordPerfect war
Rogge Says Athens Set News Standards for Beijing  ATHENS (Reuters) - International Olympic Committee (IOC)  president Jacques Rogge has praised Athens Games organizers for  setting new standards for 2008 hosts Beijing.
Bush Vows Second-Term Push for Palestinian State  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday set a  four-year goal of seeing a Palestinian state established and he  and British Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed to mobilize  international support to help make it happen now that Yasser  Arafat is dead.
Analyst Sees Cingular Awarding Deal Soon  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Prudential Equity Group on Friday  said Cingular Wireless has made a decision on which vendors it  will use for the deployment of its next-generation wireless  network, with Ericsson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ERICb.ST target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ERICb.ST&lt;/A&gt; and Lucent Technologies Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt; likely the biggest beneficiaries.
This week in VoIP news The nation's top telephone regulators further deregulated Internet phone services.
U.S. May Use Iraq Meeting to Engage Iran  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell may  use a conference on Iraq later this month as an opportunity to  engage directly with Iran, officials said on Friday, despite a  looming nuclear crisis.
JBoss app server to get HP support In a deal aimed at helping corporate IT decision-makers feel more comfortable about moving to open-source software offerings, Hewlett-Packard Co. will now provide first-call support for JBoss Inc.'s open-source application server.
AMD reflects on progress, Dell possibilities SUNNYVALE, CALIFORNIA - Executives at Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) painted a much different picture of the chip maker than in recent years during a briefing for analysts and reporters Friday at the company's headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.
McAfee, CA integrate anti-spyware As pests, adware, and other malicious applications infiltrate corporate computers with greater frequency, some vendors, including McAfee and Computer Associates, are bundling anti-spyware into security management suites, giving IT more tools to control the hazard.
UPS reinvents package flow UPS likes to do things big way. Last year, the company garnered a place in the InfoWorld 100 with a wireless project that will ultimately replace 55,000 scanning devices. This year, the company takes the coveted top slot, thanks to a nine-year, \$600 million package flow initiative that as of October 2004 has successfully transformed 250 of the companys 1,500 package centers.
Sun-Microsoft work might leave standards rift SAN FRANCISCO - As Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. ready an early December unveiling of the first step in their highly publicized technology collaboration, industry observers are questioning whether the former foes will fail to address industry standards, particularly the work being done by the Sun-backed Liberty Alliance consortium.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714255;9651165;g?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730403idlp"&gt;SBC Datacomm White Paper&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Find out how Crate   Barrel expects to save \$180,000 by moving to VoIP, compared to a traditional PBX.&lt;/p&gt;
First Look: \$100 Video Editing Apps Square Off New entry-level programs from Adobe and Pinnacle bring plenty of editing power to desktop directors.
Dow Up Again as Stocks Log Second Straight Week of Gains Tech stocks shone for a second straight day, this time with Dell in the lead after it posted a 25 percent increase in third-quarter profits and matched forecasts for its outlook.
FilePlanet Daily Download Marvel Sues NCSoft and Cryptic Studios (PC) Marvel claims City Of Heroes violates its copyright. Marvel Enterprises is suing City Of Heroes developer Crytic Studios and publisher NCSoft as Marvel claims its 
Arguments conclude in evolution sticker trial Attorneys for both sides of a challenge to evolution disclaimers on science books in a suburban Atlanta school district made their final pleas before a federal judge Friday.
Rev It Up: Darlington In effect, that means seventh-place Ryan Newman could take the points lead at Darlington, mathematically at least. It would take major problems by most of those in front of him, but 
US Stocks Rise; S amp;P 500 Has Best Three-Week Rally Since 2002 US stocks rose, capping the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index #39;s best three-week rally in two years, as better-than-expected reports on retail sales and consumer confidence suggested the economy may accelerate.
Briefs: BSkyB exceeds expectations British Sky Broadcasting, the pay-TV station that is partially owned by Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. and run by his son James, said Friday that it added 62,000 subscribers in the three months ended Sept.
Spitzer readies new insurance suit New York state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is preparing to file his second civil suit against an insurance broker, San Diego, Calif.
Ivory Coast violence: France will act tirelessly for safety &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS: France will act tirelessly to ensure the safety of French citizens and other foreigners in Ivory Coast, President Jacques Chirac said Friday.
Wenger warns Spurs to expect Arsenal #39;s best Arsene Wenger believes his Arsenal side will banish a disappointing run of form when the champions take on Tottenham Hotspur in Saturday #39;s north London derby.
Novell sues Microsoft over WordPerfect NOVEMBER 12, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Novell Inc. today filed an antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft Corp., accusing the software vendor of unfairly eliminating competition for office productivity applications 
Volkswagen to Cut Investment, Shuffle Board BERLIN - German automaker Volkswagen AG said Friday it will cut investment in auto operations by 6 percent over the next two years and reshuffle its management board as part of an overall reorganization process meant to trim costs.
Small Businesses May Get Break on Phones Regional phone companies still would have to share their networks with companies competing for local business customers but eventually wouldn #39;t have to do the same for rivals 
Gold touches 16-year high in Europe LONDON: Gold squeezed out another 16-year peak yesterday afternoon in Europe at \$437.40 per ounce, before shrinking back slightly with the euro after robust US data took the shine off bullion for non-US investors.
Arafat Buried Amid Chaotic Ramallah Scene Yasser Arafat was buried Friday in the place where he spent his last years as a virtual prisoner, seen off in a huge and chaotic outpouring of grief for the man who 
Fourteen hurt as two bombs rock Thailand Fourteen people have been injured in one of two bomb blasts to strike Thailand #39;s restive Muslim-majority south, police said, while a Buddhist teacher was shot dead in another attack.
NC Man Held Hostage in Iraq Yesterday, Al-Jazeera TV showed a picture of this man Dean Sadek. The Charlotte Observer reports that Sadek and his wife live in the Charlotte area he was born in Lebanon.
PeopleSoft, Oracle: Like Red Sox vs. Yankees? PeopleSoft shareholders have rejected Oracle #39;s  quot;final quot; offer for the company, but could Oracle make a comeback? The board is hoping it can hold off its rival for just a few more innings.
Currencies: Despite strong data, the dollar declines NEW YORK The dollar declined on Friday as the market shrugged off positive US economic data and remained focused on the record US current-account deficit.
VW trims investment to increase cash flow BERLIN Facing a struggle to lower costs and lift its profit, Volkswagen said Friday that it would cut investment in its auto operations over the next two years and reshuffle its management board.
Rogers to raise nearly \$2.8 billion US in private financing to pay &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Rogers Communications Inc. and its mobile phone division Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. said Friday they are raising a total of \$2.
Regulators focus on phone choices for small businesses WASHINGTON The Associated Press reports some details are coming out today about proposed federal rules for regional phone companies.
Microsoft Seizes PDA Market Lead From PalmSource Microsoft led the market in the third quarter for operating systems used in personal digital assistants, surpassing for the first time the Palm OS that dominated the handheld-computer segment for years.
Greek, British police break illegal software ring NOVEMBER 12, 2004 (REUTERS) - In a joint operation, Greek and British police have cracked a multimillion-dollar illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated high-tech software programs.
Marvel Sues Over Role-Playing Game Marvel argues that the character creation engine in  quot;City of Heroes quot; easily allows players to design characters that are virtual copies of its own superheros, including  quot;The Incredible Hulk.
Judge to Rule on Georgia Evolution Disclaimers A public school board in Georgia violated the US Constitution when it placed stickers that challenge the theory of evolution on biology textbooks two years ago, a lawyer for a group of parents said on Friday.
Nintendo Set to Launch New Game System A Nintendo Co. employee demonstrates a Nintendo DS, the latest in its line of wallet-sized game systems, Nov. 4, 2004, at their shipping center in North Bend, Wash.
Bypassed for top job, Penney #39;s department store chief leaves PLANO, Texas An executive recruited by JC Penney to revive its sagging department stores has left the company after being passed over for the retailer #39;s top job.
3 Months Later, Still Digesting Google  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The seldom used auction system that  Web search giant Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; used in its initial  public offering was expected by some to change the way Wall  Street does business, but almost three months later, there has  not yet been another deal like it.
SSL VPN security threatened by desktop search engines New PC indexing tools such as Google Desktop Search pose security risks to businesses that useSSL remote access because the tools copy material accessed during SSL sessions and make it available to unauthorized people who later use the same PC.
Interview: Dell's Rollins lays out a road map, from services to AMD After eight years at the company, Kevin Rollins was appointed president and CEO of the \$41.4 billion computer juggernaut Dell Computer last July. Many still think of Dell as a desktop supplier, but the company has become a powerhouse in server and notebooks as well and is making strong moves in the printer and storage markets.
Spitzer widens insurance probe New York's attorney general files a lawsuit alleging market rigging against a second US insurance broker, Universal Life Resources.
Chiefs' Holmes Doubtful for Sunday  KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs  running back Priest Holmes is listed as doubtful for Sunday's  game against New Orleans because of a knee injury.
Carolina's Davis Will Not Face 49ers  CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers  running back Stephen Davis will miss his seventh game of the  season on Sunday when the club travels west to face the San  Francisco 49ers. Davis was officially listed as "out" on  Friday's injury report.
IT and business align around rules and patterns Aligning technology and business  what a concept. Everyone is talking about it, but to put things in perspective, I imagine the day after the wheel was invented the wife of the inventor got sick and tired of watching her husband roll it down the hill all day. She probably said, Cyxny, honey, why dont you make another one and put them on the cart?
Virus warning: Cyborgs at risk Humans will upgrade their nervous systems with technology, a professor predicts--and then they'll be open to computer viruses.
Black Watch troops back in Basra Britain #39;s 850-strong Black Watch battle group has pulled out of Camp Dogwood in Iraq and returned to its base in Basra, the BBC reported Saturday.
Tracking management bugs As regulatory audits loom, wise executives have long ago abandoned the save everything approach to regulatory compliance, which is akin to stuffing receipts into a shoebox while hoping the IRS will go knocking elsewhere.
AMD sketches out new high-end, low-end chips Consumer electronics, new chips and name calling were all on tap at Friday's AMD analyst meeting.\
IT blueprint for 2005 This weeks issue recognizes the smartest, most creative, and, well, coolest IT projects of 2004. But the InfoWorld 100 is more than simply another collection of well-meaning (and well-deserved) awards. It is also a blueprint -- a living document that provides real, useful editorial direction.
Brazil Recognizes China as a 'Market Economy' &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrew Hay&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil has met Chinese wishesto recognize the Asian country as a "market economy" in a moveto solder the two emerging giants' growing commercial ties, thenations' leaders said on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;
Crude oil prices fall slightly on better crude supplies Crude oil prices fell slightly Friday, ending lower this week as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipated amid rising oil stockpiles.
BSkyB wins vote for shares buyback plan Shareholders in BSkyB made their objections to the group #39;s controversial buyback plan known yesterday when almost a fifth of the votes cast were in opposition to the proposal.
Lyne Takes Reigns at Martha Stewart Living Few would dispute that Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia (MSO) could use a little help right now. But former ABC executive Susan Lyne could face some tough challenges as the new president and CEO of the empire that Stewart built.
Demand propels Dell #39;s profit up 25 in 3rd quarter Dell Inc., the largest personal-computer maker, has reported third-quarter profit jumped 25 percent as US business customers boosted spending on PCs and demand from foreign 
Murdoch ducks questions as Malone speaks out on stake John Malone, the chairman of Liberty Media, which has almost doubled its voting stake in News Corp, yesterday described the poison pill Rupert Murdoch #39;s 
GMs Ready to Wheel, Deal for Free Agents (AP) AP - After five days of discussion, debate and a final South Beach birthday bash, the baseball general managers meetings broke up. Now the real business begins  #151; starting Friday, teams could talk money with any free agent.
NCAA Game Summary - Illinois at Arkansas Illinois leads the all-time series, 5-0, including wins in each of the last four seasons...Illinois has made a three-pointer in 234 straight games...The Illini were coming off an impressive 91-73 victory over top-ranked Wake Forest on Wednesday.
Pacers Allow Artest to Return to Lineup (AP) AP - Ron Artest was back in the starting lineup for the Indiana Pacers on Friday night after being benched for two games for asking for time off because of his busy schedule.
The Dollar Sinks Across the Board (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar sank across the board on\Friday as dealers shrugged off robust U.S. economic data and\kept their focus on the currency's shaky fundamentals.
Rugby U: Wales crush Romania Tom Shanklin scores a record-equalling four tries as Wales overwhelm Romania.
Mexico Announces Historic Rain Forest Plan In this photo released by the Pronatura Peninsula de Yucatan (PPY) a Bromeliad is seen atached to a branch inside the Calakmul Biosphere Reserve in the Yucatan Peninsula, Mexico on Feb. 2004.
Rumors Buzz Again About Dell Considering AMD Rumors that Dell may be considering Advanced Micro Devices #39; server chips are again causing a stir. AMD #39;s stock shot up Friday after press reports quoted Dell Chief Executive Officer Kevin Rollins saying his company is studying the possibility.
Marvel sues NCSoft over City of Heroes When you hear the words  quot;comic books, quot; two companies spring to mind: DC and Marvel. Despite having a checked history--even declaring bankruptcy in the late 1990s--Marvel has become a financial powerhouse in the 21st Century.
Virtualization company moves wares to Windows SWsoft, a company that lets a Linux server be subdivided into independent partitions, is ready to begin testing a Windows version of its product.
Micron passes Hynix in Q3 DRAM race, says iSuppli SAN JOSE, Calif. - Micron Technology Inc. edged out Hynix Semiconductor Inc. in the third quarter to regain the number-two position in the worldwide DRAM market, according to a preliminary market-share ranking from iSuppli Corp.
US Space Agency Aims for New Air Speed Record The US space agency NASA plans to launch an experimental aircraft Monday that it hopes will set a new world record for air speed. If weather permits, an unpiloted wedge-shaped X-43 aircraft 
Stocks End Higher as Dell Boosts Techs (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks extended their rally on Friday,\led by technology shares after computer maker Dell Inc.\ shot up 8 percent on a higher quarterly profit and an\optimistic forecast.
Boxing: King promises very heavy night extravagant Don King has promoted dozens of interesting fights in the past but tonight #39;s heavyweight extravaganza at Madison Square Garden in New York promises to be something very special.
Toshack excited by new challenge with Wales THE announcement that most Wales players expected, and several apparently dreaded, was finally made yesterday as John Toshack was named manager for the second time.
Magnier silence condemns board The Manchester United board have known for some days that Malcolm Glazer would vote to remove three of the club #39;s directors. After the board learned of his intentions, contact 
Darlington II: Jeff Gordon - GM rain  quot;Most of the differences are in the set-ups and in the race cars. As a driver, we just push the limits of the car and try to find a balance the car works well with.
It #39;s unanimous: Santana deserves rotation spot Venezuelan native Johan Santana used his first opportunity as a full-time starting pitcher to prove the bullpen is not where he belongs.
Browns #39; Warren warned by NFL over Roethlisberger comment The NFL warned Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren for comments he made about trying to hit Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger in the head in Sunday #39;s game.
=== Knicks-ed: Robinson fails physical === New York, NY (Sports Network) - The one-year deal between Eddie Robinson and the New York Knicks is off after the free agent forward failed a physical.
Pacers #39; Artest Back in the Lineup PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest will be back in the lineup for Friday #39;s game versus Philadelphia at the Wachovia Center.
Lights, #39; Camera,  #39;Noles: Sunshine Focuses on FSU Much like Chuck Amato #39;s program at North Carolina State, Carter-Finley stadium is still a work in progress. Because of the renovation of the press box, facilities were not available 
Nets 109, Hawks 88 Eric Williams scored 21 points and the New Jersey Nets shot a season-high 54.4 percent from the field in a 109-88 win over Atlanta on Saturday night, the Hawks #39; ninth straight loss.
Brazil recognizes China as market economy: Hu (AFP) AFP - Brazil has recognized China as a market economy, President Hu Jintao declared here, claiming the prized status Beijing had been seeking for days while Brazil's meat and aircraft industry were given access to the Asian giant's huge market.
Cincinnati Reds Re-Sign Catcher LaRue (AP) AP - Catcher Jason LaRue and the Cincinnati Reds agreed Friday to a  #36;3 million, one-year contract, a  #36;400,000 raise.
SEC Launches Probe of Hartford Unit (AP) AP - Hartford Life, a unit of the Hartford Financial Services Group Inc., said Friday it is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for its use of "directed brokerage" in connection with its mutual funds.
Rebel Leader Trial Descends Into Chaos -- Again (Reuters) Reuters - Peru's retrial of\Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman turned into a farcical\mud slinging on Friday as one judge quit the case and the\prosecutor called on the two other justices to resign.
Schwarzenegger meets Koizumi during Japan publicity tour TOKYO Arnold Schwarzenegger is using his trademark body-building metaphors to make friends in Japan, saying he flexed his muscles for California by meeting with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi (joon-ee-chee-roh koh-ee-zoo-mee).
Thai bomb blast at restaurant kills 14 At least 14 people died of a bomb blast Friday at a restaurant in the religiously contentious south of the nation, the BBC reported.
Indonesian human rights activist who died on flight was poisoned &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A leading Indonesian human rights campaigner who died mysteriously in September was poisoned, it emerged yesterday. Munir suddenly fell ill on a flight from Singapore 
Berlusconi  #39;should get eight-year jail term #39; The chief prosecutor in the corruption trial of Silvio Berlusconi yesterday requested an eight-year jail sentence for the media tycoon turned prime minister.
J.C. Penney Exec Castagna Leaves Company (AP) AP - Vanessa Castagna, recruited by J.C. Penney Co. to revive its sagging department stores five years ago, has left the company weeks after being passed over for the retailer's top job.
New Options Emerge for Music Video Play (Reuters) Reuters - The music video business, long\synonymous with MTV and more recently identified online with\Yahoo Launch and AOL, is about to get even more competitive\thanks to cable and Internet convergence.
Interview: Dell's Rollins lays out a road map, from services to AMD (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - After eight years at the company, Kevin Rollins was appointed president and CEO of the  #36;41.4 billion computer juggernaut Dell Computer last July. Many still think of Dell as a desktop supplier, but the company has become a powerhouse in server and notebooks as well and is making strong moves in the printer and storage markets.
One Man #39;s Opinion - UCLA review It #39;s hard to believe that, although I am typing this opinion after finishing the regular season 12-0, I am not as ecstatic as I should be .
Analyst Sees Cingular Awarding Deal Soon (Reuters) Reuters - Prudential Equity Group on Friday\said Cingular Wireless has made a decision on which vendors it\will use for the deployment of its next-generation wireless\network, with Ericsson (ERICb.ST) and Lucent Technologies Inc.\ likely the biggest beneficiaries.
NBA: Cavs/Raptors _ Drew Gooden and LeBron James each scored 27 points in the Cleveland Cavaliers #39; 105-to-97 win over Toronto. Zydrunas Ilgauskas (zih-DROO #39;-nuhs ihl-GOWS #39;-kuhs) had 21 points and 13 rebounds 
SEC Holds Ground on Disclosure Challenge (AP) AP - Positive comments made in private Wall Street meetings by Siebel Systems Inc. executives weren't just harmless "puffery," according to the Securities and Exchange Commission, as it stands its ground against the first legal challenge to its fair-disclosure rule.
Nicaragua Says It Will Destroy Missiles (AP) AP - President Enrique Bolanos told U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld Friday that Nicaragua would completely eliminate a stockpile of hundreds of surface-to-air missiles with no expectation of compensation from the United States.
Judge to Rule on Georgia Evolution Disclaimers (Reuters) Reuters - A public school board in Georgia\violated the U.S. Constitution when it placed stickers that\challenge the theory of evolution on biology textbooks two\years ago, a lawyer for a group of parents said on Friday.
White House Rejects Trade Case Vs. China (AP) AP - The Bush administration on Friday rejected a request from 30 members of Congress that it bring a World Trade Organization case against China charging the Asian nation with manipulating its currency to gain unfair trade advantages against the United States.
Mistakes lead to Berlin fall MIAMI The opening series for Miami couldn #39;t have begun more promisingly. On first down from the 50, Brock Berlin completed a 24-yard pass to Virginia Tech #39;s 26.
Bush, Blair See Hope for Palestinian State (AP) AP - As Yasser Arafat was buried, President Bush raised hopes Friday for a Middle East peace and the creation of an independent Palestinian state within four years, suggesting decades of distrust and frustration could be altered by the change of Palestinian leadership.
Family Lures Meyer To Gainesville GAINESVILLE - Urban Meyer always said his family would help shape any decision concerning his football coaching future. On Saturday, someone asked the University of Utah coach why he ultimately chose to take the Florida job.
White House to Appeal Guantanamo Ruling (AP) AP - The Bush administration served official notice Friday that it will appeal a judge's ruling that stopped proceedings in the first trial by a military commission of an alleged al-Qaida member.
National Archives Opens New Exhibit (AP) AP - The National Archives, home of the original copies of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution, has dusted off more than 1,000 other relics and put them on public display  #151; including a home movie starring a 1-year-old George W. Bush toddling across a lawn in rompers.
U.S.: Sudan Forcibly Moving More Refugees (AP) AP - For the second time in a week, Sudanese government troops took steps to forcibly remove residents from a displaced persons camp in Darfur, the State Department said Wednesday.
No. 3 Auburn Tops Tennessee for SEC Title  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell threw for a  career-high 374 yards along with three touchdowns as  third-ranked Auburn stated its case for a spot in the Orange  Bowl with a 38-28 victory over No. 15 Tennessee in the  Southeastern Conference Championship at the Georgia Dome.
VA Software adding Wiki support to collaborative tool VA Software in March 2005 plans to add Wiki integration to its SourceForge Enterprise Edition environment for collaborative application development, with the goal of providing more structure to Wikis.
Forbes: NHL Didn't Lose As Much As Stated (AP) AP - The NHL suffered less than half the losses it has claimed for the past two years, according to a report in Forbes Magazine.
India, France to Develop Climate Satellite (AP) AP - The space agencies of India and France signed an agreement on Friday to cooperate in launching a satellite in four years that will help make climate predictions more accurate.
Mars Rover to Backtrack Out of Crater (AP) AP - The Mars rover Opportunity will have to backtrack to leave the huge crater it has explored for six months because the terrain ahead is too dicey for the six-wheeled robot.
Fears grow for Falluja civilians Iraqis trapped in the besieged rebel city of Falluja face a humanitarian disaster, aid agencies warn.
Late surge after quiet day sees Dow at highest level for months AFTER an slow start as Wall Street took a breather after Thursdays rally, a late surge saw the Dow finish almost 70 points ahead, topping the significant 10,500 mark.
Consumers help GDP edge up just 0.1 Slumping corporate spending and exports caused the economy to slow to a crawl in the July-September period, with real gross domestic product expanding just 0.1 percent from the previous quarter, Cabinet Office data showed Friday.
Weak economy won #39;t stifle interest-rate hikes Fixed-rate mortgage rates have behaved very well, still close to 5.75 percent in the face of oil falling below \$50/bbl, stocks in an up-side technical breakout, improving economic data, and the Fed showing every sign of continuing to raise its rate.
Scientist Who Cited Drug #39;s Risks Is Barred From FDA Panel The Food and Drug Administration has told a researcher that he cannot be part of an advisory panel that will meet early next year to review the safety of a class of drugs, COX-2 inhibitors, used to treat arthritis and pain.
Francis, Magic Rally Past Lakers 122-113 (AP) AP - Steve Francis scored a season-high 32 points, and Grant Hill added 27 points and 12 rebounds to rally the Orlando Magic to a 122-113 comeback victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night.
Ivorian Pres. to allow reform debate Ivorian President Laurent Gbagbo agreed Saturday to let the national assembly consider a controversial presidential eligibility reform.
Police ID Officer in Red Sox Fan Death (AP) AP - The officer who fired a pepper-spray pellet that killed a woman in a raucous crowd of Red Sox fans was aiming at another fan but missed, police said Friday.
Glazer #39;s United bid dropped by bank Malcolm Glazer #39;s attempt to buy Manchester United was in chaos last night as JP Morgan, his main financial backer and City adviser, dropped him as a client.
Two Friends Will Tangle With a Title at Stake When Byrd (37-2-1) walks across the ring at Madison Square Garden tonight to defend his International Boxing Federation heavyweight title against McCline (31-3-3), the fighters will see more than just a dangerous opponent.
UPDATE 1-Rugby-Shanklin stars as Wales rout Romania 66-7 Centre Tom Shanklin scored four tries as Wales crushed Romania 66-7 in an international test at the Millennium Stadium on Friday. Mike Ruddock #39;s men notched up 10 tries as they 
Britons airlifted out of Ivory Coast Up to 400 Britons were being evacuated from Ivory Coast to Ghana under military escort last night as the Foreign Office strongly advised all UK nationals to leave the country.
Arafat Doctor: Let Us Know Why He Died AMMAN, 13 November 2004 - The late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats personal doctor has called for a public inquiry into the causes of his patients death in Paris.
Track thieves suspected of causing train crash A passenger train speeding along a bad section of track derailed and tumbled into a ravine before dawn yesterday, killing at least 10 people and injuring 120, Philippine officials said.
Rumsfeld praises El Salvador for troops deployment in Iraq US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Friday applauded El Salvador for its deployment of 380 troops in Iraq and denied any appeal for more troops, reports reaching here said.
No. 6 Duke Rolls Past Davidson 89-69 (AP) AP - Mistie Williams and Monique Currie each scored 20 points and Wanisha Smith added 14, leading No. 6 Duke past pesky Davidson 89-69 on Friday night in the first round of the Preseason WNIT.
 #39;Miracle #39; birth was simply a deception says judge AN INFERTILE mother who gave birth to a so-called  quot;miracle baby quot; was the victim of a  quot;cruel deception quot; by child traffickers motivated by financial greed, a High Court judge in London ruled yesterday.
France found way to contact kidnappers in Iraq, says relative of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Before the US assault on Fallujah, France had found a channel for direct contacts with an Iraqi group thought to have taken two French reporters 
Mexico Plans to Preserve Tropical Forest (AP) AP - Mexico and a U.S. environmental group agreed on a plan to protect 370,000 acres of tropical forest on the Yucatan Peninsula in what officials said Friday was the largest conservation project in the country's history.
Spitzer Charges Universal Life with Fraud New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer on Friday filed suit against Universal Life Resources (ULR), charging the life and disability insurance broker with taking fraudulent kick-backs for steering business to certain insurers.
Wales 66 - 7 Romania The scoreline might suggest otherwise, but the Wales coach Mike Ruddock has been left with a headache after his side romped to victory last night.
United go to the tape on Wizards If Kansas City switches conferences next year when MLS realigns due to expansion, teams such as DC United will certainly become more familiar with the Wizards.
New Technology Helps Europe Get to the Moon The European spacecraft, SMART-1, is set to establish a standard orbit around the moon on Monday evening after a thirteen month journey towards earth #39;s satellite.
Toshack for Wales Toshack, fellow former Welsh international Dean Saunders and Frenchman Philippe Troussier were interviewed on Thursday but it was the 55-year-old much-travelled Toshack who got the job.
NBA Star Wants Time Off Nov. 12, 2004 - It #39;s almost enough to make a basketball fan start missing the hockey season. For the second time in this young season, a basketball star has opened his mouth to start a stir.
Knicks Back Away From Bulls, for Now The Knicks ended their pursuit of Eddie Robinson yesterday and, despite their apparent infatuation with disgruntled Chicago Bulls, will not be acquiring the center Eddy Curry anytime soon, either.
IAEA delays report on Iran nuclear program The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has decided to delay a report on Iran #39;s nuclear program, which is scheduled to be made public on Friday, diplomatic sources said.
10 dead as train falls into ravine PADRE BURGOS, Philippines -- At least 10 people died when a train derailed and plunged down a steep ravine yesterday. Rescuers smashed windows in a desperate attempt to reach about 100 trapped passengers.
BSkyB #39;s customer numbers beat forecasts British pay-TV company BSkyB said its first-quarter profit climbed as its closely-watched subscriber growth figures surpassed analyst expectations.
US Air Asks Court to End Labor Contracts US Airways asked a bankruptcy court yesterday to throw out contracts covering passenger service agents, flight attendants, mechanics and other workers and replace them with less-expensive ones.
Spitzer Suit on Insurance Names Broker in California The New York attorney general #39;s investigation into abuses in the insurance industry escalated yesterday with a lawsuit accusing a California broker of fraudulent practices that led to higher 
Novell files another Microsoft suit NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Just days after settling one anti-trust lawsuit with Microsoft, Novell filed another one. According to a Novell (down \$0.
AMD reflects on progress, charts course for 2005 Executives at Advanced Micro Devices painted a much different picture of the chip maker than in recent years during a briefing for analysts and reporters Friday at the company #39;s headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif.
Hoosiers like their shooting guard CHAPEL HILL, NC -- Point guard Raymond Felton of North Carolina (No. 3 ESPN/USA Today, No. 4 AP) has been suspended one game for playing in an uncertified summer league game, the school announced Friday night.
Pacers Want Artest Tuned In on Court Instead of Off It Jermaine O #39;Neal was sick and tired of talking about it: Ron Artest, the hip-hop record, the three-day distraction that exploded into a tragicomic controversy heard round the NBA.
Browns #39; Warren Wants To Clock  #39;Big Ben #39; CLEVELAND -- Rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger could face some tough pressure when the Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns Sunday.
Indonesian earthquake kills sixteen An earthquake registering 6.0 on the Richter scale shook a remote island in eastern Indonesia on Friday, killing 16 people and injuring dozens more, a government official said.
Intel appoints Otellini as CEO Intel, the world #39;s largest computer chip maker, announced on Thurs-day that its directors had confirmed the selection of the company president, Paul Otellini, as chief executive.
Fed Sticks With Its  #39;Measured #39; Pace Federal Reserve officials agreed at a meeting in September that they probably would keep raising their benchmark interest rate in coming quarters because of the likelihood of continued solid economic growth.
SunTrust Posts Restated Figures SunTrust Banks, which fired three executives this week over accounting for bad loans, restated first-half profit yesterday, raising it by \$25.
The Toy War Begins Erika, the latest offering from the Barbie franchise, wears a blue peasant dress and flowered headband. She carries a small plastic cat, plus a set of Barbie essentials: a comb, brush, mirror and perfume bottle.
Microsoft Takes Lead in Software For Handhelds Microsoft Corp. is no longer an also-ran in the market for handheld computer software. For the last three months, gadgets running the software giant #39;s Windows Mobile operating system outsold 
Marvel Sues Over City of Heroes Marvel Enterprises has filed suit against NCsoft and Cryptic Studios, claiming that the companies violated Marvel #39;s trademark characters in the MMORPG City of Heroes.
Calling youth market With more than \$200 billion a year in discretionary income at their disposal, 14- to 24-year-olds are the holy grail of the wireless telephone market.
Setback cools off Heat #39;s spicy start And then are the nights like this, when life with Shaquille O #39;Neal and Dwyane Wade isn #39;t such a carefree joy ride. Caught in the fast lane that is the Dallas Mavericks #39; offense, the Heat crashed and burned 
NCAA Game Summary - Princeton at Syracuse Syracuse forward Terrence Roberts, who left Thursday #39;s opener with a sprained his left knee, had eight points and six boards...Wallace blocked three shots...The Orange now lead the all-time series, 24-9, with Princeton #39;s last win in 1964 at MSG behind 
Grizzlies power past Warriors MEMPHIS, Tennessee (Ticker) -- After losing their first four games, the Memphis Grizzlies powered their way to a second consecutive win.
Pakistan welcomes reduction of troops in IHK ISLAMABAD : Pakistan has welcomed Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singhs announcement about the Indian Governments intent to reduce troops in IHK.
Prosecutor: Italian PM deserves prison An Italian prosecutor says that Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi deserves an eight-year prison term for bribing judges. Berlusconi was not in court for to hear the request, the BBC reports.
Nicaragua Agrees to Destroy Antiaircraft Missiles Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, on the second day of a mission to strengthen security ties across Central and South America, received an unambiguous promise 
Miracle baby was victim of trafficking, judge says A  quot;miracle baby quot; allegedly born to an infertile mother through the power of prayer was a victim of child trafficking motivated by financial greed, a high court judge ruled yesterday.
New Ivory Coast Violence Shatters French Connection The pattern of selective destruction was evident Friday after two days of relative calm, with targets apparently singled out because they were identified with France, Ivory Coast's former colonial ruler.
The Toy War Begins The traditional holiday shopping season does not kick off until Nov. 26, two weeks from now, but the nation's biggest toy retailers are already aggressively jostling to offer the lowest prices.
Insurance Probe Grows A California consulting firm steered group life and disability policies to insurers in exchange for secret payoffs, New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer charged Friday.
Industry Plans To Keep Up The Pressure  The nation's home builders, real estate sales people and mortgage bankers stood by their man in the presidential election and now they hope he stands by his housing agenda during the next four years.
Confident Mourinho Plans Early End to Title Race  LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is aiming  to wrap up the Premier League title two weeks early next May.
Microsoft Takes Lead in Software For Handhelds Microsoft has unseated the Palm system with worldwide sales of more than 1.3 million units over the third quarter of the year, compared with slightly more than 850,000 for the Palm, according to a new report. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Spray Flu Vaccine Comes at a Trickle Finding FluMist may not be easy in coming weeks, despite the fact that MedImmune had produced 2 million additional doses in light of the vaccine shortage.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Chance to Measure Up Even though Miami has not quite played up to its usual standards this season, Virginia Coach Al Groh thinks the Hurricanes are still the benchmark when it comes to talent.
Corners Spark Defense The play of cornerbacks Shawn Springs and Fred Smoot is a big reason why the Redskins' pass defense is ranked fifth in the NFL.
It's Not Personal The NFL cautioned Browns tackle Gerard Warren not to pick up a personal foul penalty against Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger on Sunday.
Looking to Break Through Coming off a 24-17 loss to 14th-ranked Hampton, Howard is hoping to snap a four-game losing streak to Bethune-Cookman on Saturday.
Glazer's Bold Move Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer ousted three Manchester United board members Friday in a move that could signal plans for a hostile takeover of the famed soccer team.
Tressel Trailed by Allegations Oh, if only the biggest problems in Columbus, Ohio, were how the Buckeyes might get their running game going and beat Purdue today. Not so. In a pair of stories -- one in ESPN the Magazine, the other on ESPN.com -- Ohio State Coach    Jim Tressel  was first accused by former star running back Maurice Clarett of helping him gain access to free cars and of hooking him up with boosters for cash payments. The second story traced such scams back to Tressel's days as the coach at Youngstown State, in Clarett's home town. Ohio State's response to Clarett: He's a liar, and he's lying. Suddenly, though, the Boilermakers aren't Tressel's most daunting opponent.
Croissants, Coffee and a Kickoff When the alarm goes off today for the players at Boise State and San Jose State, they'll yawn, stretch and mutter something like, "It must be noon somewhere." Think television is an innocent bystander in college sports? If so, hit the snooze button. The Broncos and Spartans will kick off their Western Athletic Conference tilt at 9:02 a.m. Pacific Time, for the benefit of ESPN2. To adjust, Boise State Coach Dan Hawkins has had the team up at 5 a.m. all week. "We're used to having to play whenever ESPN wants to cover it," Boise State's    Daryn Colledge  told the Idaho Statesman. Ah, the purity of college athletics.
Do Not Do This at Home A question parents have pondered for years: When is a child watching too much television? Let's turn to East Lansing, Mich., for the answer. There, a pair of Michigan State wide receivers -- Terry Love and Irving Campbell -- were arrested last week for possessing a dangerous chemical after they allegedly exploded "MacGyver"-style bombs outside campus apartments. No one was injured in the two explosions. Perhaps, though, these two fine young men watched the wrong program. B.A. Baracus and Hannibal Smith of "The A-Team" never would have been caught in such a situation. What in the name of    Richard Dean Anderson  is going on?
Cobb: Judge gets textbook case The arguments have been made, and now a judge must decide: Do disclaimers Cobb County stuck in its science textbooks two years ago - calling evolution a  quot;theory, not a fact quot; -iolate the principle of separation between church and state?
Isiah seeks to cook up Curry deal The Chicago Bulls are committed to trading Eddy Curry and Isiah Thomas believes he can find a place on his roster for the 21-year-old center.
Georgia vs. Auburn: a game with everything AUBURN, Ala. - This Georgia-Auburn game has it all: star quarterbacks, stingy defenses, talented running backs and high stakes. It #39;s got No.
Quezon train mishap kills 13 At least 13 people were killed and about 160 injured when a speeding train derailed on a bad section of track and tumbled down a ravine in Quezon province before dawn yesterday, officials said.
Schwarzenegger Barnstorms Japan During Four-Day Trade Mission Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is hoping his international star power in one of the state #39;s most important foreign markets will help bring new business opportunity to California.
Haitian Leader Seeks Warrant Vs. Aristide PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Haiti #39;s interim prime minister said Friday that he is seeking a warrant against ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide amid allegations of corruption.
Roh Urges U.S. Dialogue, Not Showdown, with N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun has  called on the United States to try dialogue with North Korea  rather than take a hard-line approach in its efforts to  persuade Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program.
US markets post highs The Dow closed at its highest level in seven months, the Nasdaq in nine months and the S amp;P hit a fresh three-year high. The US stock market has been on an upward path since the re-election of President George W Bush.
Report Finds Big Dig Has Big Leaks The managers of Boston #39;s Big Dig project said Wednesday they will hold private contractors accountable for leaks found in the tunnel system.
Novell Files Another Suit Against Microsoft Less than a week after a collecting a \$536 million settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell Inc. on Friday filed another lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws.
PeopleSoft keeps up fight PeopleSoft said Thursday that it would begin meeting with investors to lobby for their rejection of Oracle #39;s hostile \$8.8 billion acquisition offer.
European Software Pirates Caught Police in Greece and Britain have broken up a software piracy ring and arrested two men who are accused of selling millions of dollars worth of pirated business software.
Halo 2 an Immediate Success The long awaiting video game, Halo 2, hit shelves this week with an expected take of \$80 million in first day sales. The Xbox game by Bungie Studios (acquired by Microsoft due to the success of the first Halo 
BHB TO SEEK EXTENSION OF LEVY SYSTEM Racing #39;s rulers are to seek Government approval to defer the scrapping of the 100million levy scheme in order to secure the future funding of the sport.
Samsung i730, EV-DO, early 2005 A Samsung executive yesterday let it be known that Samsung would ship a mobile phone using the EV-DO high-speed data standard in early 2005.
Mauresmo, Sharapova and Williams win Making her first appearance in the season-ending tournament, Zvonareva committed 25 errors and never had a break point against Mauresmo #39;s serve.
Tosh blasts back at jibes from Hughes JOHN TOSHACK last night hit back at sneering remarks from Mark Hughes questioning his appointment as new Wales manager. Hughes said he was  quot;surprised quot; the FAW had made Toshack his successor, arguing Big John 
Saturday #39;s Top Games Auburn faces a big test this week in its quest for a spot in the national title game. Auburn is third in the BCS standings and will probably need help to reach the title game.
A Middle East Opening With a hard-fought election behind us, the United States is now free to refocus its energies on the myriad problems that have a direct impact on its security and destiny.
Call to jail Berlusconi for eight years PROSECUTORS trying the Italian prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi, for bribery yesterday recommended he be given an eight-year jail term.
Amnesty expresses concern over Haiti #39;s justice system A delegation from the human rights group Amnesty International expressed concern Thursday about  quot;serious problems quot; in Haiti #39;s police force and justice system as the team ended a visit after more than a month of sporadic 
Spurs Down Heat Manu Ginobili score 29 points and the Spurs hold Shaquille O'Neal scoreless down the stretch, beating the Heat, 93-84, Friday.
Lighthouse Luke shines out brightly HE may never have started a competitive match for the Dragons, but Luke Charteris was at ease on the international stage last night.
Panel spurns WFU expert A local researcher #39;s invitation to participate in a federal drug-safety board meeting was rescinded after he spoke out about his concerns regarding the safety of some arthritis drugs.
Romney criticized for blaming Amor The co-chairman of the state Transportation Committee, which will hold hearings this month on problems with the Big Dig, said Gov.
Novell Files WordPerfect Suit Against Microsoft Novell has filed a lawsuit against Microsoft, charging that the software giant thwarted sales of its WordPerfect software by withholding technical information and by making the Windows OS inhospitable to the application.
Pfizer plant faces EPA inquiry Pfizer Inc. #39;s manufacturing plant in Portage has been put on notice by the US Environmental Protection Agency for allegedly violating federal.
Company: Microsoft Corporation Positive stock action has been seen throughout the Net sector this week, as eBay struck all-time highs and Google recovered 11 percent of its value.
Animal life in the Arctic threatened Rising temperatures in the Arctic will likely increase the region #39;s biodiversity as new species are drawn to the extreme north, but in a dramatic paradox many animals unique to the region, such as polar bears, risk extinction.
Game review: Halo 2 I know I did. Three years ago, I wandered into a GameStop and saw Halo: Combat Evolved on a television. Two hours later, I was still in the store, still digging the frenetic first-person shooter.
Is Microsoft Taking Legal Aim at Linux? Opinion: Is Microsoft getting ready to explore intellectual property lawsuits against Linux and open-source software? If you can #39;t beat them, sue them?
JBoss Deal Puts HP Back into Middleware Market With the JBoss deal, Hewlett-Packard gets middleware, a business it abandoned two years ago when it dumped its Bluestone Software after buying the company in 2000.
Toshack has Calibre for Wales Football Association of Wales secretary general David Collins has no doubts John Toshack is the man to take Welsh football to the next level.
BUDDY BATTLE TOPS HEAVYWEIGHT CARD It #39;s moments like this when boxing fans must know that the folks at HBO and the Garden don #39;t take you seriously. Seriously now.
Earnhardt turns to backup DARLINGTON, SC - Dale Earnhardt Jr. will drive a backup car in Sunday #39;s Southern 500 after damaging his primary car in practice Friday.
Slowing Miami priority for UVa Virginia #39;s ambitious football team must neutralize Miami #39;s speed today at Scott Stadium to stake its own claim to a berth among college football #39;s elite.
Boston College still seeking its identity Tom O #39;Brien knows a thing or two about what his Boston College Eagles face today against West Virginia.  quot;We #39;re aware that Boston College has never won a Big East game in Morgantown, quot; he said.
JUST TOE BAD The Knicks #39; season took another odd turn when Eddie Robinson #39;s physical yesterday morning revealed he had a fracture under his left big toe that would require season-ending surgery, according to sources.
NBA Game Summary - LA Clippers at New York LA ends a three-game road trip on Saturday in Chicago...Newly named New York Mets manager Willie Randolph was in attendance...The Knicks went 26-of-29 from the free throw line...Bobby Simmons had 10 points for the Clippers, who are 2-2 on the road this 
Bomb in Southern Thailand Kills One Man, Injures 7 (Update1) A Buddhist man was killed and seven people were injured today in a bomb blast in the southern Thai province of Yala, where a Muslim insurgency has flared up in recent weeks, a police official said.
India to hold  #39;substantial #39; talks with visiting Pak premier On Board Special Aircraft: India on Saturday said it will hold  quot;substantial quot; talks with Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz during his to New Delhi from November 23 and  quot;certainly look quot; at any  quot;formal quot; proposal by Islamabad on Kashmir but firmly ruled 
Utah #39;s Urban Meyer Named Football Coach at Florida (Update1) Urban Meyer, who guided Utah to an 11- 0 record this season, was named football coach at the University of Florida today. Meyer received a seven-year, \$14 million contract to replace Ron Zook, who was fired Oct.
Indonesia Extends Emergency in Aceh - Report  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia has decided to extend  emergency rule in its troubled province of Aceh, where  thousands of people have died in a rebellion, a newspaper said  Saturday.
Intel's Montecito now expected in 2006 Montecito, the first dual-core chip based on Intels Itanium 2 architecture, will not begin shipping in volume until 2006, company executives said last week.
Consumers resume optimistic spending Consumer confidence snapped back after the election, and retail spending was strong for a second straight month - signs that shoppers, the stalwarts of the economy, are shrugging off high energy prices and moving on.
Illinois has soybean rust plan in place Soybean rust, a disease that has devastated soybean fields in Brazil and Argentina, has been found in two test plots at Louisiana State University near Baton Rouge.
Office Depot cuts 550 jobs Office Depot Inc. said Friday it will cut staffing at its North American retail division, and its offices in Florida, California and elsewhere.
Takeover setback for Glazer Malcolm Glazer #39;s bid to buy Manchester United appears to be in tatters tonight after the American #39;s bankers JP Morgan dramatically resigned.
Mississippi St. edges Fairfield Mississippi State coach Rick Stansbury wouldn #39;t use the absence of Lawrence Roberts as an excuse for the 12th-ranked Bulldogs #39; close call against Fairfield on Thursday night in the opening round of the Coaches vs.
Daniels hits late shot to left Sonics over Raptors, 88-87 Antonio Daniels #39; driving 8-foot shot with 7.2 seconds left gave the Seattle SuperSonics an 88-87 victory over the Toronto Raptors tonight.
No. 6 Syracuse 56, Princeton 45 Hakim Warrick scored 20 points and Syracuse held Princeton to five free throws over the final 8:41 in a 56-45 victory Friday night in the second round of the Coaches vs.
Its all there for the taking A win today over Boston College gives West Virginia no worse than a share of the Big East championship and a berth in either the Sugar Bowl or the Fiesta Bowl.
Army demolishes terror hide-outs PAKISTAN #39;S army backed by artillery and helicopter gunships demolished some  quot;terrorist hideouts quot; in an offensive against foreign militants but failed to capture a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner accused of targeting security forces in a tense tribal region 
It #39;s round two for Novell v. Microsoft Four days after Novell Inc. of Waltham received half a billion dollars from Microsoft Corp. to settle an antitrust complaint, Novell has filed another antitrust suit against its giant rival.
Registers ring, stores are listening Consumers shrugged off rising energy costs and kept spending in October, boosting retail sales and supporting forecasts of a solid holiday season ahead for retailers.
Pilot accord might aid Delta The battered shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. surged nearly 9 percent yesterday after its pilots agreed to salary cuts to try to help the ailing carrier avoid 
Sale designed to draw crowd H amp;M stores from Milan to New York were mobbed as shoppers sought low-price fashions by Karl Lagerfeld, the designer behind Chanel.
Cell phones take iPod challenge When Gilles Babinet looks at a cell phone, he sees a music store, an iPod and even a nascent platform for a tiny-screened MTV. The curly-haired Parisian is the chairman and founder of Musiwave, the company 
Mobile picture power in your pocket Exclusive images caught by picture phones are starting to make their way into big headlines.
Nintendo DS Japanese Launch Hot on the heels of big US sales, the DS makes its debut in the homeland. After a strong sales in the US, the Nintendo DS was made available to hundreds of thousands of Japanese gamers Thursday morning.
Iverson hits buzzer-beater, Hill stars for Magic Allen Iverson waited his entire NBA career to make a buzzer-beating shot. Grant Hill waited four long years just to get back to full strength.
Roadwork ahead They have played -- and won -- big road games in hostile locales such as Blacksburg, Va., South Bend, Ind., and State College, Pa.
Fischer misses Arafat funeral amid security clampdown CAIRO - Palestinian leader Yassir Arafat may not have lived to rule an independent Palestinian state but his funeral on Friday carried all the ceremony of a state occasion with heightened security meaning that the German delegation missed the event.
Chaos marks Arafat burial Mahmoud Abbas, the new chief of the Palestine Liberation Organization, stood at the door of the Egyptian military helicopter and implored the frenzied crowd to move back.
Kashmiris waiting for festival and peace to come SRINAGAR, Nov. 13 (XinhuaNET) -- Markets are overcrowded, traffic jam is heavy and the shops are jostling with shoppers in the capital city of Srinagar in the Indian-administered Kashmir as theholy Moslem festival of Eid approaches here.
Prosecutor seeks 8 years in jail for Berlusconi An Italian prosecutor asked a court yesterday to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in jail for bribing judges as the prime minister #39;s four-year corruption trial reached its closing stages.
Blast in Pakistani town, several soldiers wounded A blast destroyed a Pakistani military vehicle in the western town of Wana near the Afghan border on Saturday and several soldiers were wounded, witnesses and a military official said.
New York #39;s Spitzer expects to sue Universal Life New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer expects to file a lawsuit against San Diego-based health insurance company Universal Life Resources on Friday, a spokesman for his office said.
NBA Wrap: 76ers Edge Pacers in Overtime Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Allen Iverson hit a 14-footer at the  buzzer to earn the Philadelphia 76ers 106-104 overtime win over  the Indiana Pacers Friday, spoiling Ron Artest's return from a  two-game suspension.
Myskina downs Davenport at WTA Champs French Open champion Anastasia Myskina toppled world number one Lindsay Davenport 7-6 (7-5), 6-4 to keep alive her hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the season-ending WTA Tour Championships in Los Angeles.
Darlington qualifying rained out, so points leader Busch gets pole DARLINGTON, SC - When NASCAR decided to throw out the red flag with four laps remaining at last week #39;s race at the Phoenix International Raceway, it defied the purpose of its new green-white-checkered rule that was supposed to help assure a green-flag 
O #39;Brien sues Ohio State, claims firing was unfair COLUMBUS, Ohio Former Ohio State basketball coach Jim O #39;Brien is suing the school, claiming he #39;s owed at least three-point-four (M) million dollars because his firing violated terms of his contract.
Crackdown Targets New Wave of Mobs Federal prosecutors launched a broad legal assault on two of Chinatown's most prominent organized crime groups Friday, aiming to disrupt a new wave of mobsters who thrive in a global economy by smuggling immigrants and counterfeit goods around the world.
Pushing Artest to Tune In on the Court, Not Just Off It Jermaine O'Neal was sick and tired of talking about it: Ron Artest, the hip-hop record, the three-day distraction that exploded into a tragicomic controversy.
Japan Protests Incursion by Nuclear Sub Japan lodged a formal protest with the Chinese government on Friday after determining that an unidentified nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters this week belonged to China.
N.F.L. Warns a Headhunter to Keep It Clean League officials cautioned the Browns' Gerard Warren not to follow through on his threat to take a cheap shot at Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
Second-Half Success Is an Edwards Tradition In Coach Herman Edward's first three seasons, the Jets went 4-4, 6-2 and 5-3 after the halfway point.
Free Agents Start Taking Offers From Other Clubs The off-season landscape changed a bit Friday, the first day teams were allowed to present offers to free agents from other clubs.
Stent firm still target of federal inquiry  Boston Scientific Corp. said two senior officials won't face charges as part of an ongoing Justice Department inquiry into the company's handling of the recall of a cardiac stent system in 1998.
Registers ring, stores are listening  Consumers shrugged off rising energy costs and kept spending in October, boosting retail sales and supporting forecasts of a solid holiday season ahead for retailers.
For most part, bunch of lightweights NEW YORK -- With any luck, Don King's lightweight heavyweight elimination tournament tonight at Madison Square Garden will achieve its goal. It will eliminate a few heavyweights from further consideration as title contenders.
Indian outsource firm joins MIT study project  CAMBRIDGE -- At a sponsors' meeting of MIT Sloan School's Center for Information Systems Research this week, there was a new project on the research agenda: outsourcing.
Martinez begins life as a free man KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. -- One of Pedro Martinez's dreams has been to pitch again for Felipe Alou, who managed him in Montreal and now guides the Giants.
Simon Property sues THE REGION Caught in the consumer backlash against the fees and expiration dates attached to gift cards, mall operator Simon Property Group is fighting back. The Indianapolis company filed suit in federal court against the Massachusetts attorney general's office, claiming that its Simon Visa Giftcard is not subject to state law and therefore exempt from any civil enforcement action taken ...
Pilot accord might aid Delta ATLANTA -- The battered shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. surged nearly 9 percent yesterday after its pilots agreed to salary cuts to try to help the ailing carrier avoid bankruptcy, but their new contract offers no guarantees for the company's future.
He'll keep nose out of trouble FOXBOROUGH -- Patriots nose tackle Vince Wilfork was criticized by some Bills after New England's 31-17 win Oct. 3 in Orchard Park, N.Y. Buffalo lineman Jonas Jennings sustained a concussion in the third quarter and accused Wilfork of kicking Chris Villarrial while Villarrial was on the ground in the first quarter.
US Airways seeks end of labor pacts  ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- US Airways asked a bankruptcy judge yesterday to cancel labor contracts with three of its unions and impose much lower pay so it can move ahead with a plan to permanently cut costs, reposition itself as a low-cost carrier, and avoid a possible liquidation.
N.Y. AG sues insurance broker  ALBANY, N.Y. -- A California-based company that brokers life, accident, and disability policies for leading US companies pocketed millions of dollars a year in hidden payments from insurers and from charges on clients' unsuspecting workers, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer charged yesterday.
Massive US trade gap concerned Fed panel WASHINGTON -- The Federal Reserve's policy-setting panel spent part of its September gathering discussing the implications of the massive US trade gap, according to minutes of the meeting that were disclosed yesterday.
Shift leaves US's Chu on the defensive LAKE PLACID, N.Y. -- When Julie Chu last played defense, she was playing on a boys' team. She was 12 years old.
Opening might: Huskies humble Black Bears The start of last season seems eons ago now. Northeastern, which got off to an 0-11 start last season and didn't win until December, beat No. 10 Maine, 4-2, last night at Matthews Arena in its first Hockey East game of the season.
Hingham shuts out Duxbury DUXBURY -- On a night like this, there was concern that the weather would decide the Patriot League title. No one guessed it would come down to punting and passing.
Pioneer defense clears the path For all of the CMass football fanatics out there, it's time to breathe easy. Division 1 has a champion and it's none other than St. John's of Shrewsbury.
Xaverian proves too tough for CM Showing the kind of toughness that breeds late-season success, Xaverian took a big step toward a Catholic Conference title with a 25-7 win over Catholic Memorial yesterday. With the artificial turf at Catholic Memorial covered in snow, Xaverian turned to its ground game to keep the chains and the clock moving once it claimed the lead.
N. Quincy serves notice to Warriors Tied at one game apiece, the North Quincy girls' volleyball team grinded out a win in yesterday's Division 1 Central semifinal, defeating host Brookline, 3-1.
Jets get second-half surge Around the stove on cold nights, tales of the back-to-back Boston North titles captured by the 2003 and 2004 East Boston football teams will be told to Jets-in-training for years to come. Yesterday, East Boston pulled away from Madison Park in the second half to take a 29-12 win, setting up Eastie for a Nov. 30 Division 3A playoff matchup ...
US urged to help slow Arctic thaw Arctic indigenous people urge the US to cut gas emissions to slow down  the thaw of the polar ice.
Iran-EU Nuke Negotiations in Final Stages-Kharrazi  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran's negotiations with the European  Union over a deal which would spare Tehran from possible U.N.  sanctions are in their final stages, Iran's Foreign Minister  Kamal Kharrazi said Saturday.
At White House, Bush and Blair restart push for Palestinian state WASHINGTON -- President Bush pledged yesterday to ''do what it takes quot; to help create a democratic Palestinian state living peacefully with Israel and said ''it is possible quot; such a state could come into being before he leaves office in four years.
On Fallujah streets, insurgents mount a desperate fight FALLUJAH, Iraq -- Four Iraqi fighters huddled in a trench, firing rocket-propelled grenades at Lieutenant Eric Gregory's Bradley Fighting Vehicle and the US tanks and Humvees that were lumbering through tight streets between boxlike beige houses.
Explanation sought on Chinese sub's intrusion  Japan TOKYO -- Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing yesterday after determining that a nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters without identifying itself belonged to China. Japan's navy had been on alert since Wednesday, when the submarine was first spotted off the nation's southern island of Okinawa. Tokyo sent reconnaissance aircraft and naval destroyers to shadow the submarine, ...
Two cases of abuse alleged at base  GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba -- Two new cases of detainee abuse have surfaced at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp, including one in which a US military commander failed to properly investigate a prison guard who threw cleaning solvent on a terror suspect.
Marines save Syrian hostage  FALLUJAH, Iraq -- A Syrian found handcuffed in Fallujah and rescued by US Marines was kidnapped with two French journalists in August, and has told authorities he last saw the Frenchmen a month ago -- the first confirmed word on the captives since they disappeared in August.
Lawmakers seek to mandate Dutch-trained Muslim clerics THE HAGUE -- The Dutch parliament asked the government yesterday to draft legislation compelling mosques to employ only imams who have studied Islamic religion in the Netherlands.
Stocks Edge Higher on Retail Report Stocks rose steadily in late trading Friday as Wall Street welcomed a new retail sales report that showed an increase in consumer spending.
Seoul enhancing ties with Latin America President Roh Moo-hyun #39;s visit to the so-called  quot;ABC quot; nations of Latin America - Argentina, Brazil and Chile - in the next several days is aimed at building a strong beachhead for Korean companies.
Suit claims Microsoft hurt Novell Days after collecting a \$536 million antitrust settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell returned to court Friday to claim the technology giant used its market dominance to shut out WordPerfect and other software in the mid-1990s.
Salvation Army must  #39;target #39; other kettles Officials at The Salvation Army in Bloomington wonder if this Christmas still will be a golden one. The agency, which counts on holiday collections to help fund its services 
Martha wants her bills paid WASHINGTON -- Martha Stewart is asking the company she founded to reimburse about \$3.7 million US of the legal fees she incurred while on trial earlier this year for obstruction of justice and other charges, according to a regulatory filing.
Oklahoma-Nebraska Rivalry Still Shines (AP) AP - Even though he grew up hundreds of miles away, a young Bob Stoops was intrigued by the rivalry. In Chicago, Bill Callahan was watching, too.
Iverson Hits First Buzzer-Beater for 76ers (AP) AP - Allen Iverson waited his entire NBA career to make a buzzer-beating shot. Grant Hill waited four long years just to get back to full strength.
Dell Considers AMD For Server Lines  quot;Chief Executive Kevin Rollins said the company was considering using Advanced Micro Devices chips for some future server products, but stressed that Dell had no formal plans as yet to embrace AMD.
T-Mobile roaming worldwide via WBA T-Mobile has announced that it has joined the Wireless Broadband Alliance #39;s new Wi-Fi roaming agreement to allow worldwide roaming for mobile users.
Uranus photos reveal planet in flux Uranus is not the static, boring orb once thought, new pictures of the planet by the Keck II telescope in Hawaii reveal. The sharpest photos ever of the planet from a ground-based telescope show storm clouds 
Federal communications panel takes on oversight of internet phone &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON: The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services on Tuesday by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.
Microsoft Takes Aim at iTunes, iPod Savvy marketing has helped Apple #39;s iPod and iTunes dominate the online-music market. Last month, for example, Apple and rock band U2 announced a deal to sell customized iPods.
No. 1 Davenport Upset at WTA, Sharapova Wins (AP) AP - French Open champion Anastasia Myskina upset Lindsay Davenport 7-6 (5), 6-4 in the WTA Championships on Friday night, which could jeopardize the American's hold on the world's No. 1 ranking.
Chase leaders catch a break DARLINGTON, SC  Seldom has rain been so welcomed by race drivers as the drizzle that washed out qualifying Friday for Sunday #39;s Southern 500.
Laura Diaz Leads Tournament of Champions (AP) AP - Laura Diaz is too busy trying to win the Tournament of Champions to worry about qualifying for the season-ending event.
Bush goal: Palestinian nation President George W. Bush pledged Friday to spend some of the political capital from his re-election trying to secure a lasting Middle East peace, and he envisioned the establishment 
Flames engulf mosque in Netherlands THE HAGUE Netherlands -- Flames engulfed a mosque in southeastern Netherlands early Saturday, the latest in a string of fires at Muslim institutions since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker who was critical of Islam.
Tour(ism) de force Bee Capitol Bureau. TOKYO - In the middle of Roppongi Hills, next door to the Hollywood Beauty Plaza and the cozy Tofu Caf restaurant, a three-story billboard of Arnold Schwarzenegger beams 
Fallujah situation  #39;disastrous #39;, charity says Civilians trapped in Fallujah face a humanitarian disaster unless Iraqi and American authorities allow food, water and medicine into the besieged city, aid agencies warned last night.
Microsoft Takes Lead in Software For Handhelds (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft Corp. is no longer an also-ran in the market for handheld-computer software. For the past three months, gadgets running the software giant's Windows Mobile operating system outsold Palm handhelds, finally overtaking a rival that first popularized the electronic datebook organizers in the mid-1990s.
Flames Engulf Mosque in Netherlands (AP) AP - Flames engulfed a mosque in southeastern Netherlands early Saturday, the latest in a string of fires at Muslim institutions since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker who was critical of Islam.
VA Software adding Wiki support to collaborative tool (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - VA Software in March 2005 plans to add Wiki integration to its SourceForge Enterprise Edition environment for collaborative application development, with the goal of providing more structure to Wikis.
Trial of Peru Rebel Leader Is Suspended (AP) AP - The trial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman was suspended again Friday for after one judge stepped down and prosecutors insisted that the lead judge follow suit.
Mississippi State Wins Again Without Star (AP) AP - Mississippi State will find out if it can win with its star player. On Friday night in Birmingham, Ala., the 12th-ranked Bulldogs struggled offensively in their second game without preseason All-America Lawrence Roberts, a 55-48 victory over Birmingham-Southern in the quarterfinals of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.
Profile: Reaction Of Israelis To The Death Of Yasser Arafat And &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaders and dignitaries from around the world are headed to Cairo for the funeral of Yasser Arafat. The Palestinian leader #39;s casket arrived there today on board a plane from Paris.
Pentagon Envisioning a Costly Internet for War The Pentagon is building its own Internet, which will give commanders and troops a moving picture of all enemies and threats.
Vote Fraud Theories, Spread by Blogs, Are Quickly Buried Some Web logs were swift to provide dark theories about the presidential election, but others were just as quick to debunk them.
US Attacks Falluja Rebels, Aid Convoy on Move (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Marines lobbed mortar rounds\at rebels in Falluja Saturday during a five-day-old assault\that has caused a "catastrophe" for civilians there and fueled\a revolt in Iraq's northern city of Mosul.
US Attacks Falluja Rebels, Aid Convoy on Move  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. Marines lobbed mortar rounds  at rebels in Falluja Saturday during a five-day-old assault  that has caused a "catastrophe" for civilians there and fueled  a revolt in Iraq's northern city of Mosul.
BSkyB #39;s go-ahead to share buyback Eric Barkas City Editor SHAREHOLDERS in the pay-TV company BSkyB have cleared the way for Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp to increase its stake.
Spitzer sues insurance broker California insurance broker Universal Life Resources was sued by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer for taking kickbacks from MetLife, Prudential and UnumProvident.
Retail sales growth strong WASHINGTON - Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for new vehicles in October but spent like mad in a number of other areas, including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Scientists work to protect crops SUFFOLK -- Virginia Tech scientists are preparing to protect the state #39;s largest crop from a disease with strong potential to do damage.
NY in with Karl Fashion king Karl Lagerfeld is a mega-hit for the masses from Manhattan to Milan. Throngs of style seekers stormed H amp;M stores around the world yesterday to scoop up the first moderately-priced 
Gulf veterans back illness report British veterans' groups welcome a US report linking Gulf War syndrome  to toxins, including nerve gas.
Closing Arguments Made in Georgia #39;s  #39;Evolution Disclaimer #39; Trial In a trial, reminiscent of the 1925 Scopes trial in Tennessee, lawyers give their closing remarks on text book-sticker disclaimers stating that  #39;evolution is a theory, not a fact.
Northrop laser expands missile shield Developed in Redondo Beach, the COIL passes first test firing of such a device meant to be airborne. By Muhammed El-Hasan. The government #39;s plans to develop a missile defense shield received a boost this week 
Garden fightfest fit for a King Phase one of promoter Don King #39;s plan to unify the heavyweight championship kicks off at Madison Square Garden tonight with two of the four widely recognized title belts up for grabs and a host of other boxers jockeying for position.
Fans still wary of Glazer threat Leading Manchester United supporters #39; groups are warning the club not to drop their guard despite bankers JP Morgan pulling the plug on Malcolm Glazer #39;s bid to buy the Old Trafford outfit.
Moyes signs new Everton Football Club deal The Scot is regarded as one of the finest young coaches in the country, and he has handed the Toffees a huge boost by agreeing a deal that will keep him at Goodison until the summer of 2008.
Irish coach not thrilled with defense in victory Notre Dame had one of its best offensive games of the past two seasons. Coach Muffet McGraw still wasn #39;t completely happy. She was pleased to see six players score in double figures for the 10th-ranked Irish 
Lost in translation Eddy Curry admits he was frustrated. Sick of the losing. Tried of the booing. Fed up with the life in a fishbowl that goes with playing professional sports in his hometown.
Test discard MacGill puts skids under New Zealand Australia test discard Stuart MacGill completed match figures of 8-109 on Saturday as New Zealand #39;s batting line-up collapsed against New South Wales for a second time in their only warm-up game for next week #39;s first test in 
The Terrorist Statesman Took Peace Nowhere Yasser Arafat #39;s last days on earth, a subject of intense interest throughout much of the world, have evoked mixed emotions in the country that was his life #39;s obsession: Israel.
Dutch mosque largely destroyed by fire suspect may have been the latest in a spate of arson attacks against religious targets.  quot;We are assuming it was arson, quot; police spokeswoman Judith Verbaan said of Saturday #39;s blaze at Helden.
Decision to reduce troops bound to have positive impact: Mufti Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed on Saturday said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s announcement on reduction of troops in the state was bound to have a  quot;positive impact quot; on the situation in Srinagar and hoped that the decision would 
 quot;Miracle babies quot; actually child-trafficking victims An infertile couple who believed a self-styled preacher #39;s claim that their child was miraculously conceived were really the victim of international child traffickers, a British judge ruled yesterday.
U.S. Troops Set for Final Attack on Falluja Force U.S. forces moved into position for a decisive battle with the insurgents, pounding some of their last strongholds with airstrikes.
In Europe, Rising Euro Gathers Much Angst Europe is in the midst of another bout of angst about its currency, amid signs the Bush administration will tolerate a prolonged weakness in the dollar.
Consumer Inflation in China Is Up, but the Pace Slowed Consumer prices in China unexpectedly rose more slowly in October than in any month since April, as a bountiful harvest led to less-rapid increases in food prices.
This Banks providing top interest Listen to the voice of wisdom:  quot;It's early. quot; The speaker? Marcus Banks. He appears to have learned quite a bit in a very short period.
Mourning Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat (Reuters) Reuters - Yasser Arafat's successors\promised swift elections to replace him Saturday as\Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the\ex-guerrilla who symbolized hopes of a state.
My room I smashed up my room the other day. I pulled open my cupboard, throwing clean clothes all over my carpet, cracking clothes hangers over my knee and tossing them aside. I threw my ornaments off the shelf, spraying fragments of pottery, glass and wood everywhere. I upended the dirty washing from my basket. I smashed up furniture, throwing splinters among the mess.
KRASNER TURNS TO LOCAL BIDDERS Leeds chairman Gerald Krasner is confident the club will be in the hands of new owners before Christmas after turning his attention to a group of local businessmen - and his back on Sebastien Sainsbury.
Growth is remedy to big current account deficit: US official (AFP) AFP - The whopping US trade and investment deficit is the result of a strong US economy and can be remedied by taking steps to boost growth elsewhere, a US Treasury official said.
France, seeking to calm tensions in Ivory coast, plays down Gbagbo role (AFP) AFP - In an attempt to ease tensions in the Ivory Coast, France has opted not to point the finger of blame at President Laurent Gbagbo for the violence that has roiled the country in the past week.
Two Sunni Clerics Arrested in Iraq Raids (AP) AP - Iraqi security forces arrested two Sunni clerics and more than a dozen of followers in two separate raids on mosques south of Baghdad, a Muslim cleric's group said Saturday.
St. Croix Petition Seeks Territory Status (AP) AP - At least 5,500 residents of St. Croix, the largest of the U.S. Virgin Islands, have signed a petition asking Congress to make the island its own U.S. territory.
Rumors Buzz Again About Dell Considering AMD (TechWeb) TechWeb - Rumors that Dell may be considering Advanced Micro Devices' server chips are again causing a stir.
India ready to consider Musharraf's proposals if made formally (AFP) AFP - India is ready to consider Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf's new proposals on disputed Kashmir if they are made formally through diplomatic channels, Foreign Minister Natwar Singh said.
President Hu expounds proposal for ties with L. America Visiting Chinese President Hu Jintao on Friday proposed political, economic and cultural measures to boost ties between China and Latin America.
Another broker accused New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued a second insurance broker Friday as part of his investigation into the insurance industry, saying Universal Life Resources Inc.
Malone Said to Be Pondering Acquisition John C. Malone made news this week when his Liberty Media Corporation said it might increase its voting stake in the News Corporation through a complex stock swap.
Mexico announces historic rain forest plan Mexico and a US environmental group agreed on a plan to protect 370,000 acres of tropical forest on the Yucatan Peninsula in what officials said Friday was the largest conservation project in the country #39;s history.
Update 3: Vodafone Unveils High-Speed Net Services Vodafone Group PLC launched high-speed Internet services for mobile phones across much of Europe on Wednesday, ending a wait of several years since the world #39;s biggest cell phone company spent billions for new wireless licenses at the height of the 
FOOTBALL: TOSHACK: I #39;LL TAKE NO NONSENSE JOHN TOSHACK last night vowed to take no nonsense from his players after being confirmed as Wales manager. When he was a media pundit, the former Real Madrid chief upset Welsh players and 
Worries about civilians trapped in Fallujah The Iraqi Red Crescent and Red Cross say they are increasingly worried about civilians trapped in the city of Fallujah. The relief workers say no drinking water or electricity is available, food is running 
MYSKINA MAKES NO MISTAKE Anastasia Myskina reignited her hopes at the WTA Tour Championships on Friday with a straight-sets defeat of Lindsay Davenport. The Russian looked confident in beating the world number one 7-6 (7-5) 6-4 in Los Angeles.
Salvation Army seeks volunteer bell-ringers Last month, Target stores decided to no longer allow Salvation Army bell ringers to solicit in front of its stores. Now, with just a week until the bell ringing kick-off, the Salvation Army is scrambling to 
The week that was  Rupert Murdoch moved to ward off any hostile bid for News Corporation, introducing a controversial  quot;poison pill quot;. The move was aimed at John Malone #39;s Liberty Media, which plans to raise its voting stake in News Corp.
Boeing fires airborne laser as part of missile defense A Boeing Co.-led team has succeeded in firing a laser beam for the first time as part of a ballistic missile defense shield, the Pentagon and the Boeing Co.
Arctic Warming Threatens Wildlife The fate of many key Arctic species could be determined by the thinning of sea ice, according to the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment.
Keck zooms in on the weird weather of Uranus Image: The two sides of the planet Uranus, as viewed in this composite image, by the Keck II Telescope at near infrared wavelengths.
FOOTBALL: I WILL BRING THE GLORY GLORY DAYS BACK TO SPURS.. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FRANK ARNESEN gave the long-suffering Spurs fans the pledge they have been crying out for last night as he promised:  quot;You #39;ll get your Tottenham back.
Free E-Mail Inboxes Get Fatter Scores of Hotmail users received a pleasant surprise in their inboxes this week: more free storage. The move comes as Google inches closer to making its Gmail service, which includes a gigabyte of storage, available to the general public. By Joanna Glasner.
Airlines Ordered to Expose Data The government says all U.S. airlines must turn over passenger data so that it can test a planned screening system. The airline industry and others complain that the order will mean massive privacy violations, extra expenses and possible trouble with foreign countries. By Ryan Singel.
Kinsey: Sexologist, Hero The biopic shows admirably how liberating, and threatening, the work of some scientists can be. It's a timely film, a reminder that scientists sometimes suffer in their efforts to reveal truths others would prefer remain hidden. Jason Silverman reviews Kinsey.
FDA removes arthritics drugs critic from advisory panel meeting Cuty Furberg has been removed from the FDA advisory panel meeting on arthritic drugs such as Vioxx (COX-2 drugs) because of his criticism of the entire class of medications made last week.
Airline wants out of labor contracts US Airways also asks a judge to approve pay and benefit cuts to help save the carrier from going under. By Associated Press. ALEXANDRIA, Va.
Broker sued in bid-rig inquiry A San Diego insurance brokerage has been sued by New York Attorney General Elliot Spitzer for allegedly soliciting payoffs in exchange for steering business to preferred insurance companies.
Office Depot to Eliminate 800 More Jobs Office Depot Inc. announced plans Friday to cut roughly another 800 jobs, including positions in retail stores, its corporate headquarters and its European sales force, officials said.
Novell files additional lawsuit against Microsoft Less than a week after collecting a \$536 million settlement from Microsoft, Novell filed another lawsuit, as expected, accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws.
Chips trend upward Advanced Micro Devices Chief Executive Hector de Jesus Ruiz said Friday he expects the PC market to grow 10 percent next year, as the industry experiences a pickup in IT spending by corporations that are in desperate need of replacing old computers.
Expropriation to preserve at- risk rain forest The federal government and a nonprofit group are buying the land from local farmers to ensure its biodiversity is preserved. BY LISA J. ADAMS /Associated Press.
Free E-Mail Inboxes Get Fatter Users of Microsoft #39;s Hotmail, most of whom are accustomed to getting regular sales pitches for premium e-mail accounts, got a pleasant surprise in their inboxes this week: extra storage for free.
What #39;s with the hype about  #39;Halo 2 #39;? Trying to get three teenage boys to talk to you while they are playing  quot;Halo 2 quot; is like trying to find a needle in a haystack -- a wee bit difficult.
Dream of London to Sydney trip in two hours If clear skies break over southern California on Monday, a B-52 bomber will take off from Edwards air force base and head out over the Pacific.
United Fans Ready For New Attack The Annual General Meeting of Manchester United PLC took place yesterday with passions running high about Malcolm Glazers plans to takeover the club.
Life in the fast lane A year ago Freddy Adu attended Major League Soccer #39;s championship game at The Home Depot Center and was introduced to the media, having just signed with the league at age 14.
NHL overstated losses, report says While the audit released last February found the league lost \$274 million in the 2002-03 hockey season, Forbes pegged losses that year at just \$123 million, a massive and contentious discrepancy in the two-month-old lockout of the 750-member NHL Players 
Palestine Buries Arafat in the Heart to Ramallah by helicopter. Palestinians welcomed his return as if he was still alive, chanting,  quot;Welcome Abu Ammar, welcome the old man.
Ivory Coast government pulls troops from front Ivorian government forces withdrew from rebel positions yesterday, easing fears of a resumption of all-out civil war, as France and other countries continued to fly out thousands of foreigners.
India opens way for Kashmir negotiations India has offered to consider Pakistani proposals on resolving the decades-old Kashmir issue if they are made formally. Pakistan #39;s President, Pervez Musharraf, has informally floated some ideas on the future 
Another bomb explodes in Thailand One person was killed and seven injured, three of them critically, in a blast in Thailand on Saturday, the fourth explosion within 24 hours.
Governor makes his pitch in Japan Arnold Schwarzenegger has never met his match. Rival bodybuilders blocking his quest for a Mr. Universe title? Girly men. Predators from outer space?
Blair attends Bigley memorial service Tony Blair has arrived at Liverpool Cathedral for a memorial service for murdered hostage Kenneth Bigley. The prime minister had made a number of telephone calls to the family of the civil engineer during the 62-year-old #39;s captivity in Iraq.
Death toll at Poso explosion rises to five JAKARTA (Agencies): The death toll at Saturday #39;s explosion near a police station in Central Sulawesi rose to five people, police said.
Clarke Closes in on Taiheiyo Masters Title  GOTEMBA, Japan (Reuters) - Britain's Darren Clarke fired a  solid 67 to extend his lead to four shots at the Taiheiyo  Masters Saturday.
Red Bull Close to Deal with Jaguar Formula One Team  LONDON (Reuters) - Austrian energy drink company Red Bull  is poised to take over the Jaguar Formula One team after weeks  of negotiations.
Memorial service for Ken Bigley Prime Minister Tony Blair has addressed the memorial service at Liverpool's Anglican Cathedral for murdered hostage Ken Bigley.
N. Ireland militants' cease-fire OK'd BELFAST -- The outlawed Ulster Defense Association has resumed a credible cease-fire and is eligible to play a formal role again in Northern Ireland's peace process, Britain announced yesterday in a surprise move.
WHO pushes for flu vaccine funding GENEVA -- The World Health Organization yesterday urged governments to provide funds to drug makers developing vaccines against a feared influenza pandemic which could kill millions.
Nicaragua tells US it will destroy its antiaircraft missiles  MANAGUA, Nicaragua -- President Enrique Bolanos told US Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld yesterday that Nicaragua would completely eliminate a stockpile of hundreds of surface-to-air missiles with no expectation of compensation from the United States.
Atlantis Hunt Reveals Structures in Sea Off Cyprus (Reuters) Reuters - An American researcher on the trail of\the lost city of Atlantis has discovered evidence of man-made\structures submerged in the sea between Cyprus and Syria, a\member of his team said Saturday.
Militants Take Control in Parts of Iraq's Mosul  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - Insurgents were in charge of some  areas of south and western Mosul on Saturday, holding two  police stations and manning road blocks, as Iraq's third  largest city appeared to slide out of U.S. and Iraqi control.
Kidnappings Dog Kabul 3 Years After Taliban Defeat  KABUL (Reuters) - Three U.N. workers remained hostages of a  Taliban faction despite hopes they would be freed by the Muslim  festival of Eid which began on Saturday, the third anniversary  of the Taliban's flight from the Afghan capital.
Intel Bill Foe Holds Out As Congress's chief opponent to a bill that would revamp the intelligence community, Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Ca.) has evoked concerns about President Bush's clout among Republican lawmakers.
Pakistan Says Militants on the Run, Despite Blast  NANO, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani forces are driving al  Qaeda-linked militants out of mountains near the Afghan border  but small attacks, such as a Saturday bomb that wounded some  soldiers, could not be ruled out, a commander said.
More Bombs Hit Thai Muslim South, One Dead  BANGKOK (Reuters) - More bombs hit Thailand's largely  Muslim south on Saturday, killing a shopper in a mainly  Buddhist town and wounding 14 as Prime Minister Thaksin  Shinawatra vowed to resolve the crisis.
Update 2: Oil Cos. Agree on \$1B Gas Pipeline Deal Brazil recognized China as a market economy on Friday, a move that should make it easier for the two countries to do business. Brazilian oil giant Petrobras and China Petroleum and Chemical Corp.
Analysis: When Fed Says Jump, Investors Ask  #39;How High? #39; Ironic thing about the US Federal Reserve raising interest rates -- tighter money puts investors on edge about their financial assets, but 
Update 18: Economists Predict Another Rate Increase Federal Reserve policy-makers encouraged by the economy #39;s performance may bump up interest rates again in December - a fifth time this year - and will continue to tighten credit in 2005, economists predict.
Update 2: Novell Files Additional Suit Vs. Microsoft Less than a week after a collecting a \$536 million settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell Inc. on Friday filed another lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws.
David Nicklaus At one level, the Federal Communications Commission #39;s ruling this week on Internet telephony was just another turf battle between state and federal governments.
After Arafat, peace has chance It is uncertain just how history ultimately will judge Yasser Arafat, the erratic but charismatic Palestinian leader who died this week in Paris at age 75.
India seeks formal proposal on J amp;K India has expressed its readiness to look at Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf #39;s recent informal formula for resolving the Kashmir issue if it is formally proposed by Islamabad.
Blair returns to UK for Bigley memorial British Prime Minister Tony Blair is in the northern English city of Liverpool to attend a memorial service for engineer Ken Bigley, who was beheaded by kidnappers in Iraq last month.
Kidnappings Dog Kabul 3 Years After Taliban Defeat Three UN workers remained hostages of a Taliban faction despite hopes they would be freed by the Muslim festival of Eid which began on Saturday, the third anniversary of the Taliban #39;s flight from the Afghan capital.
Fellow users are the best support A telephone call to the technical support hotline, or an online chat session with a technician, may not be the best ways to solve computer problems.
StocksView: Retail Spurs Wall St. Upturn (Reuters) Reuters - It's beginning to look a lot like\Christmas on Wall Street: Retail stocks have been glowing for\more than a month.
Arafat #39;s  #39;politics of grievance #39; Yasser Arafat #39;s rule was a disaster for the Palestinians and whole Middle East when he was alive, says Heritage Foundation Middle East expert James Phillips.
VHP protests arrest of Kanchi seer in murder probe (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of members of the hardline Vishwa Hindu Parishad marched through Hyderabad on Saturday to protest at the arrest of one of the country's most senior Hindu priests over the murder of a temple official.
At Crucial Juncture, Iran Seeks Edge on U.S.  TEHRAN -- A quarter-century after U.S.-Iran relations collapsed, Iranians are angrier and more anxious about U.S. policy than at any time since 1979-81, when the United States took in the deposed and dying shah, Iranian students seized the U.S. Embassy and 52 hostages were held for 444 days.
Brazil News: Chinese President Visits Chinese President, Hu Jintao has arrived in Brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy China #39;s huge demand for foreign goods.
Toy Thieves Won #39;t Steal Christmas, Group Vows Salvation Army Maj. Christine Smith reached into the torn cartons piled on the scuffed linoleum floor of the Wisconsin Avenue storefront in Northwest Washington.
Closing Words in Evolution Trial Closing arguments begin Friday morning in the federal trial regarding how evolution is taught in Cobb County classrooms. As the five-day trial nears its end inside of the federal courthouse in Downtown Atlanta 
This week in VoIP news The Federal Communications Commission ruled 3-2 that states are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on Internet phone providers, which treat calls no differently than any other application on the Net.
More Bombs Hit Thai Muslim South, One Dead More bombs hit Thailand #39;s largely Muslim south on Saturday, killing a shopper in a mainly Buddhist town and wounding 14 as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra vowed to resolve the crisis.
StocksView: Retail Spurs Wall St. Upturn  NEW YORK (Reuters) - It's beginning to look a lot like  Christmas on Wall Street: Retail stocks have been glowing for  more than a month.
Forecasters See No Repeat of 80s Oil Bust  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A team of market forecasters that  correctly predicted the oil bust of the 1980s thinks history  will not repeat itself, at least for now.
Tax to Encourage Savings Holds Promise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The looming political battle over  how to reform the tangled U.S. income tax code could get ugly.  But one option, a tax aimed at boosting savings, holds promise.
Away on Business: Self-Service Travel  CHICAGO (Reuters) - In today's corporate climate, where  self service means saving money, business travelers are  increasingly asked to make their own air, lodging and rental  car arrangements through online programs.
Kiev Protesters Look Ahead Opponents of Ukranian premier Viktor Yanukovychdesires seek to carry their country not only to democratic rule but also to alter the direction of its history.
Palestinians call for peace talks The Palestinian prime minister calls for new peace efforts with Israel, a day after Yasser Arafat's burial.
Damp and Pushy, but What a Reward: \$99 Designer Frock Ona giant H amp;M billboard at 31st Street and 10th Avenue in Manhattan, Karl Lagerfeld looms like a stern Inquisitor, wearing a black frock coat, white collar, dark glasses and an expression 
Wal-Mart Still Sees Nov. Sales Up 2-4 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 2  percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its U.S.  stores open at least a year.
India Could Consider Pakistan's Kashmir Proposals  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India could consider Pakistani  suggestions for resolving the Kashmir dispute if they are made  formally, Foreign Minister Natwar Singh said on Saturday after  Delhi announced it was scaling back its forces in the region.
No. 12 Miss. State Advances at Coaches Hoops Tournament  BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (Sports Network) - Winsome Frazier netted  18 points to lead 12th-ranked Mississippi State to a 55-48  victory over Birmingham-Southern in the second round of the  Coaches vs. Cancer Classic at the Birmingham Jefferson  Convention Complex.
T-Mobile Announces Wi-Fi Roaming Agreement Short for wireless fidelity and is meant to be used generically when referring of any type of 802.11 network, whether 802.11b, 802.
Ignore arctic warming warnings at our own peril D uring the past few weeks two news events of global importance have occurred that have received extensive international press coverage: the election of George Bush to lead the United States for four more years, and the death of Yasser Arafat, leader of 
NHL padding losses, Forbes says Forbes, the respected US financial magazine, says a National Hockey League-sponsored audit of its 30 teams overstated losses by \$151 million US.
NCAA allows cheaters to win  quot;It ain #39;t cheatin #39; if you don #39;t get caught, quot; used to be the catch phrase in Division I sports, often accompanied by an oleaginous wink and grin.
Mourners file past Arafat #39;s tomb Mourners filed past Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb in Ramallah Saturday as Palestinian soldiers kept watch over what had been a chaotic scene just hours before.
India Could Consider Pakistan #39;s Kashmir Proposals India could consider Pakistani suggestions for resolving the Kashmir dispute if they are made formally, Foreign Minister Natwar Singh said on Saturday after Delhi announced it was scaling back its forces in the region.
Palestinians Look to Future Without Arafat A day after Yasser Arafat was buried, Palestinians began taking stock of a future without the man who led their fight for independence, while Europe and the US look at ways to revive the stalled peace process.
Governor to release details of schedule Tokyo -- Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said in an interview today that he will make public his daily schedule, a move that open government advocates say will provide an unprecedented look at how his administration determines public policy.
Rescue teams waiting to enter Fallujah Medical teams and convoys from the Iraqi Red Crescent are expected to enter the embattled city of Fallujah Saturday carrying urgent humanitarian assistance.
PluggedIn: Smart New World of Digitoys  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Jes Overmaat, a mother of five,  thought she had bought a sweet old-fashioned Teddy bear for a  present, when it suddenly started talking.
Wal-Mart Still Sees Nov. Sales Up 2-4 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 2\percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its U.S.\stores open at least a year.
Forecasters See No Repeat of 80s Oil Bust (Reuters) Reuters - A team of market forecasters that\correctly predicted the oil bust of the 1980s thinks history\will not repeat itself, at least for now.
FedEx Ordered to Repay US \$29 Million FedEx Corp. #39;s (FDX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) express air shipping unit has been ordered by the US government to repay \$29 million in excess funds received under an act established after the Sept.
Angel Rodriguez Chris Byrd wont stop being boxings David - who slays giants in their hometown - when he meets the Gotham City Goliath, Jameel McCline, at Madison Square Garden tonight for the IBF heavyweight championship.
Clash of Southern Titans Georgia visits No. 3 Tigers One hundred and twelve years ago, there was a birth in the nation #39;s southern-most states. It is the Auburn-Georgia series and it takes place in Jordan-Hare Stadium, one of the nation #39;s loudest, biggest and most historic.
US military not meeting hostage-takers #39; demands to release &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL, Afghanistan A US military spokesman says the US won #39;t  quot;release anyone quot; in response to a hostage situation involving three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan.
Motor Rally: Loeb on course for record-equalling rally victory PERTH, Australia : Newly crowned world champion Sebastien Loeb was headed for a record-equalling sixth rally win of the year here as he led a depleted field after overnight leader Marcus Gronholm crashed out.
Sixers Scoop/Caryl Kauffman: Pacers want to focus on positive, not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHILADELPHIA -- To most teams, Ron Artest would be a distraction. If he is that to the Indiana Pacers, itsa distraction some other teams might like to have, and Jermaine ONeal, for one, wishes people would pay attention to that.
Pakistan ; Pak gears up for Eid Pakistan News, Islamabad/Karachi: Preparations are in full swing across Pakistan for the Muslim festival of Eid-ul-Fitr. The festival is expected to fall on November 14 or 15 in Pakistan.
Livewire: Web Sites Help Ease Grind of Daily Commute (Reuters) Reuters - The Internet not only is\transforming the way we shop and search for information, but it\also is quietly smoothing the grind of the daily commute.
Pakistan Says Militants on the Run, Despite Blast (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani forces are driving al\Qaeda-linked militants out of mountains near the Afghan border\but attacks such as a bomb that wounded soldiers on Saturday\could not be ruled out, a commander said.
Militants Roam Parts of Iraq's Mosul, City Tense  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - Groups of insurgents patrolled  streets in some districts of Mosul on Saturday, but U.S. and  Iraqi forces bolstered their presence to try to wrest back full  control of Iraq's third largest city.
Rain puts leaders out front at Darlington Rusty Wallace takes shelter under an umbrella as rain canceled qualifying for Sundays NASCAR Southern 500 Friday at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, SC NASCAR set the grid for the race by car owner points.
Allen-Vince intertwined Would you trade Vince Carter for Ray Allen? If everyone got \$10 every time a Carter-for-Allen trade rumour surfaced, we all would be living in Beverly Hills.
Fleming flies in to bolster faultering Kiwi #39;s Sydney - Much-missed New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming arrived on Saturday to be greeted with news of a batting collapse that has his team staring at defeat to New South Wales just days from the first Test against Australia.
Palestinians call for peace talks Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei has called for a speedy resumption of peace efforts with Israel, a day after Yasser Arafat #39;s burial in Ramallah.
Dutch extremist suspects planned to murder deputies: report THE HAGUE : Two suspected Islamic extremists arrested this week are suspected of plotting to assassinate two Dutch lawmakers known for their critical stance towards Islam, the Dutch press reported.
8-year jail term sought for Italys PM An Italian prosecutor is asking a court to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in jail for bribing judges. This, as the prime minister #39;s four-year corruption trial reaches its climax, reported CCTV Saturday.
Prayers tempered by troubled times Each year during the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims abstain from food, drink, and sensual pleasures from dawn to dusk as they focus on prayer for Gods blessings and mercy.
DRUG LIABILITY: Attorneys want to query Merck CEO Lawyers for customers suing Merck  amp; Co. want to question CEO Raymond Gilmartin about what he knew about the dangers of Vioxx before the company withdrew the drug from the market because of health hazards.
Wal-Mart Still Sees Nov. Sales Up 2-4 Pct Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its US stores open at least a year.
Firefox Ignites Demand for Alternative Browser Linux came out of nowhere to challenge Microsoft in the computer server market, and lately has begun encroaching on its hallowed desktop software business.
Loeb set for record rally win FRENCHMAN Sebastien Loeb is set to celebrate his inaugural world championship in style, taking a sizeable lead into the final day of the Rally of Australia.
Captain #39;s ills continue as Kiwis wobble NEW Zealand captain Stephen Fleming could be excused for wishing he was held up at customs a little longer last night before arriving at the SCG.
Bryant Hot, But Magic Hotter in Win The Magic couldn #39;t stop Kobe Bryant in the fourth quarter Friday night, but they discovered something many NBA teams may be learning this season -- they didn #39;t have to.
Historical enmity behind worsening Japan-China ties TOKYOFrom submarines to soccer and sex, everything seems to bedevil Japan-China relations these days. And with growing perceptions in Tokyo and Beijing of a military threat from 
Martin set for one-day visit to Haiti When Prime Minister Paul Martin travels to Haiti on Sunday, his arrival is expected to be welcomed by a rare gathering leaders from opposite ends of the island nation #39;s political spectrum.
Bombs rock Asia TWO people were killed and five wounded when a bomb exploded in Indonesia #39;s Central Sulawesi province yesterday. A police spokesman said the blast happened in front of a market in the town of Poso.
Anchor Away Tom Brokaw makes his steady-voiced, flag-waving, NBC-rattling, Rather-and-Jennings-beating exit.
Windows Media Player sound files 'edited with warez' &lt;cite&gt;PC Welt&lt;/cite&gt; looks under the hood
U.S. Forces in Falluja Close on Guerrilla Stronghold (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. forces expect to be\positioned throughout the last remaining guerrilla stronghold\in Falluja by Tuesday, a Marine officer said on Saturday.
Phillips winner gives Wigley a stay of execution (AFP) AFP - Southampton manager Steve Wigley breathed a sigh of relief after earning his first league victory at the 11th attempt in the 2-1 defeat of rivals Portsmouth.
Stampede kills five at railway station in Indian capital; seven injured (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - NEW DELHI (AP) - A stampede at the main railway station in India's capital killed at least five people and injured seven on Saturday, the railway minister said.
Egypt to Test Tutankhamun Mummy for Cause of Death (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt plans to run tests on the mummy of\Tutankhamun to find out what killed the king who ruled Egypt\more than 3,000 years ago and died while only a teenager.
Vodafone leads charge in 3G offensive Analysis After the phoney war of the operators launch of 3G data cards in Europe, the real battle commences for the mass 3G market, with Vodafone leading the charge.
Santini wanted more say on new men Jacques Santini has told French tv that he quit as Tottenham Hotspur manager because he was not in control of recruitment. Santini took White Hart Lane and the Premiership by surprise 
San Antonio Spurs Team Report - November 13 (Sports Network) - The San Antonio Spurs begin a stretch of five road contests in six games this evening, when they tangle with the Atlanta Hawks at Philips Arena.
Foreigners Leaving Ivory Coast Despite Government Assurances Foreigners continue to stream out of the West African nation of Ivory Coast despite promises from President Laurent Gbagbo to protect them after a surge of anti-Western violence.
Fallujah Operation Winds Down Iraq #39;s national security adviser says the massive military operation to retake Fallujah  quot;is accomplished, quot; with only a few pockets of resistance remaining.
Firefox 1.0 Renews Interest in the Browser Firefox 1.0 Renews Interest in the Browser\\The Mozilla folks, with apologies to the Monty Python gang, aren't quite dead yet. They feel happy. They think they'll go for a walk.\\What they've done is take advantage of the frustration many people, particularly Windows users, are feeling with the condition of their ...
Earning from PPC Search Engine Affiliate Programs Earning from PPC Search Engine Affiliate Programs\\What are PPC Search Engines? PPC Search Engines are search engines that allow advertisers to list their site within their search results on a pay per click basis. Advertisers bid against other advertisers for the same keywords or phrases. The highest bidder will then ...
Choosing Domain Names for Professional Sites Choosing Domain Names for Professional Sites\\A professional or business site is one where the primary purpose of the site is to facilitate business transactions. You can sell items directly online or exclusively offline, but the result is the same. You want customers to buy products and/or service directly from you.\\To ...
Blair attends memorial ceremony for British hostage slain in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair attended a memorial service in the northwestern English city of Liverpool for Kenneth Bigley, who was beheaded last month after being taken captive in Iraq.
College Basketball: North Carolina Tops Kentucky  CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (Sports Network) - Rashad McCants scored  a game-high 28 points to lead No. 9 North Carolina over  eighth-ranked Kentucky, 91-78, as the nation's two winningest  programs battled at Dean Smith Center.
US to build wireless network for future warfare (AFP) AFP - The Pentagon, which invented the precursor to the Internet 40 years ago, has laid the first connections for a secure, wireless information network that proponents say will fundamentally transform warfare, a US newspaper reported.
Dems Say More Funding Needed for Veterans (AP) AP - Democrats and Republicans in Congress must set aside partisan differences to adequately fund health care services for active U.S. troops and military veterans, Rep. Chet Edwards of Texas said Saturday in the weekly Democratic radio address.
US maize 'threat' to Mexico farms The North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) is severely affecting rural Mexico, it is claimed.
Finance: Back to Savings Bonds  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In personal finance, boring is not  bad. Sometimes boring is good.
US Airways wants court to cut pay Bankrupt US Airways wants a judge to replace existing contracts for passenger service agents, flight attendants and mechanics with less-expensive ones.
Wal-Mart confirms near-term outlook Retailing titan expects same-store sales to increase by 2 to 4 in November, heading into holidays. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
No. 11 Ohio State Trounces Dayton, 75-42 (AP) AP - Caity Matter scored 19 points and Jessica Davenport added 16 in No. 11 Ohio State's 75-42 victory over Dayton on Saturday.
 #39;Halo 2 #39; a two-handed blast, but lacks key online option Even if you don #39;t play video games, chances are you #39;ve heard of  quot;Halo 2. quot;. Microsoft Corp. made sure of that with a massive public relations blitz, boldly proclaiming that  quot;there hasn #39;t been this much anticipation 
Security Vulnerabilities Discovered in WinXP SP2 SoTuA writes  quot;Few months after SP2 hit windowsupdate.com, Finjan Software reports that security flaws have been found in WinXP SP2, including malicous code execution without user intervention.
UPDATE 2-Rugby-Nine-try New Zealand cruise past Italy An experimental All Blacks side ran in nine tries to cruise to a 59-10 win over Italy at Rome #39;s Stadio Flaminio on Saturday. The home team were never in the contest after a torrid 
Gordon  Experience key as chase comes to crunch. Jeff Gordon believes the experience that has taken him to four titles in NASCAR #39;s top division could prove key as he seeks to overcome Kurt Busch #39;s 41-point title lead in the two remaining races.
UPDATE 1-Rugby-Robinson hat-trick inspires England rout Jason Robinson marked his first game as England captain with a spectacular hat-trick as the world champions steam-rollered Canada 70-0 in their first game under new coach Andy Robinson on Saturday.
West Virginia Mountaineers MORGANTOWN, West Virginia (Ticker) -- No. 10 West Virginia tries to move one step closer to the Big East Conference championship and a BCS Bowl berth when No.
Wolfsburg Consolidate Top Spot with Stuttgart Victory Bundesliga leaders VfL Wolfsburg bided their time in a tactically stifling game to burst into life courtesy of two wonderful goals by Martin Petrov and beat title rivals VfB Stuttgart 3-0.
Miami Heat Team Report - November 13 (Sports Network) - The Heat suffered a 93-84 loss to the San Antonio Spurs on Friday night at the SBC Center. Shaquille O #39;Neal had 23 points and 21 rebounds for Miami, which played without star guard Dwyane 
Cricket: Strewth! We #39;re at the Gabba next week New Zealand #39;s top order spectacularly squandered their last opportunity to tune up before next week #39;s first test against Australia as New South Wales ran amok in the final session of the third day at the Sydney Cricket Ground yesterday.
Palestinians Turn Toward Future as They Continue to Mourn Palestinian officials vowed to hold elections within 60 days for a president with the authority to resume peace talks with Israel.
Arafat buried in his Mukata headquarters In an emotionally charged burial ceremony which verged on chaos, the Palestinian people bid farewell to their leader as Yasser Arafat was buried in the Mukata compound in Ramallah.
Plus ca change? Suha Arafat #39;s rant against leaders of the Palestinian Authority and Yasser Arafat #39;s heirs apparent earlier in the week was revealing in many ways.
Kharrazi: EU-Iran Negotiations in Final Phase Iranian Foreign Minister Kemal Kharrazi announced that the negotiations between Iran and the European Union (EU) on Iran #39;s nuclear programs are in their final phase.
HAITI: A Brutal Regime Shows Its Colors On October 9, the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) voted once again to postpone the resumption of normal relations with the Washington-installed Haitian government of Prime Minister Gerard Latortue, citing the latter #39;s campaign of persecution against ousted 
Hurry Up and Watch: DVDs Time Out Self-destructing DVDs haven't taken off. Video rental outfits aren't buying, film companies don't like them and consumers haven't warmed up -- not to mention the trash they'd create. But they may be coming to a Christmas movie near you.
Store Mannequins Can Now Breathe Out The high and low ends of the fiberglass fashion world seem to be converging on one focal point: a bigger, sexy derriere.
Javon Walker Has Arrived for Packers (AP) AP - He wears No. 84, gives defensive backs fits with his deep-ball prowess and leads the league in yards receiving. He's sure he'll make his mark on the big showdown Sunday between the Minnesota Vikings and the Green Bay Packers. Not Randy Moss. Javon Walker.
Petrov double sends Wolfsburg three points clear VfL Wolfsburg moved three points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a 3-0 victory at home to Stuttgart on Saturday as Schalke 04 #39;s six-match winning run came to an end.
Israeli Arabs march in symbolic Arafat funeral Several thousand Israeli Arabs have marched through the streets of Nazareth in a symbolic funeral for Palestinian president Yasser Arafat.
US Airways asks court to end 3 union contracts, pensions US Airways yesterday asked a US Bankruptcy Court to wipe out the collective bargaining agreements of 20,000 employees, terminate the pensions of 53,000 existing 
Hotspot operators strike international roaming deal Five international wireless operators, including BT, have signed a series of roaming agreements to provide Wi-Fi access at 20,000 hotspots across eleven countries.
Santini reveals truth about Arnesen  quot;Right from the beginning there was a problem with responsibilities within the club, especially regarding recruitment, quot; the Frenchman said during half-time, with the scores still level at 1-1.
Black  amp; Blue Review: Week 10 Randy Moss has burned the Packers over the years, but it doesnt look like hell be able to suit up Sunday, when the rivals meet at Lambeau Field for the division lead.
Nets have Dirk cut out for them Lawrence Frank was watching on television when Dirk Nowitzki scored 41 points for the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday night. The Nets #39; coach certainly was impressed, but also thankful that Nowitzki 
No. 6 Syracuse fights off pesky Princeton for win SYRACUSE, NY -- Hakim Warrick scored 20 points and Syracuse held Princeton to five free throws over the final 8:41 in a 56-45 victory Friday night in the second round of the Coaches vs.
DALE McFEATTERS: France #39;s mini-Iraq (SH) - French troops are enforcing an uneasy calm in Ivory Coast, where suddenly much of the population turned against them, treating them as hated occupiers instead of welcome peacekeepers.
Islamist Groups Vow to Spread Fight Across Iraq Islamist groups including one led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi vowed in a video obtained on Saturday to take their battle in the rebel city of Falluja to all corners of Iraq.
Bush Sees Great Chance For Creating Palestinian State Mr. Bush told reporters Friday after meeting with British Prime Minister Tony Blair that he sees a great chance for creating a Palestinian state in the aftermath of the death of longtime Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Asia ; Afghan UN Kidnappers Await Release of 26 Taliban On Wednesday, Karzai issued a decree ordering a traditional Eid prisoner amnesty but a presidential official insisted the order did not cover the prisoners the militants want freed.
International Carriers Reach Wi-Fi Roaming Agreement T-Mobile, which operates the largest carrier-owned Wi-Fi network in the US, announced a series of roaming agreements with six other major international wireless operators in the Wireless Broadband Alliance (WBA).
Javon Walker Has Arrived for Packers Green Bay Packers receiver Javon Walker pulls Indianapolis Colts defender Idrees Bashir into the end zone as he scores in the first quarter in Indianapolis, Sunday, Sept.
Red Crescent aid convoy enters Fallujah A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Fallujah on Saturday amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis in the Iraqi battle zone as a massive US led offensive against rebels entered its sixth day.
One dead, at least 29 injured in series of blasts in southern Thailand (AFP) AFP - Five blasts struck Thailand's Muslim-majority south within 24 hours, killing a Buddhist man and wounding 29 people, police said.
Wolfsburg move three points clear WOLFSBURG, Germany -- Wolfsburg bounced back from last week #39;s 4-0 setback at Nuremberg with a 3-0 defeat of close rivals Stuttgart which moved them three points clear at the top of the German Bundesliga.
Five die in stampede for train FOUR women and a 12-year-old girl died and at least 10 people were injured in a stampede at the Indian capital #39;s main railway station today as hordes of people tried to board a train, officials said.
FedEx Ground Steps to Bluetooth and GPRS Wireless (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - FedEx's Ground division already uses wireless RFID for asset tracking, but officials are taking a wait-and-see approach to other RFID possibilities.
US courtrooms go hi-tech The legal profession may have a reputation for being conservative, but some US courts are taking a more hi-tech approach.
Banks could refuse fraud refunds People who ignore safety advice and lose money in online banking scams could be refused refunds by banks.
More foreigners flee Ivory Coast Frightened foreigners kept packing into Ivory Coast #39;s international airport Saturday to be evacuated home, despite promises by President Laurent Gbagbo #39;s government to protect them after a surge of anti-Western violence.
Malaysia's AirAsia plans to fly to China by February: report (AFP) AFP - Malaysia's AirAsia plans to begin flying to China by February, which will open up a giant market for the no-frills carrier as it heads for a listing in less than two weeks, a report said.
Premier League Leader Chelsea Wins (AP) AP - Premier League leader Chelsea kept winning with a 4-1 victory over Fulham on Saturday while Arsenal recorded its first league victory in three weeks by rallying past Tottenham 5-4.
Climate change already affecting the global environment, two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, DC Politicians in the nation #39;s capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide 
O #39;Gara stars in historic victory Ronan O #39;Gara masterminded an historic Irish victory over South Africa in Dublin, scoring all their points in a 17-12 triumph. The Munster fly-half starred in a thoroughly deserved triumph that gave Ireland their first win over the Springboks since 1965.
Dutch Muslims dismayed by anti-Islamic backlash Selami Aydin #39;s words will comfort many Dutch people if opinion polls are to be believed.  quot;I #39;m thinking of going back to Turkey.
US to build wireless network for future warfare (AFP) AFP - The Pentagon, which invented the precursor to the internet 40 years ago, has laid the first connections for a secure, wireless information network that proponents say will fundamentally transform warfare, a US newspaper reported.
Zimbabwe annual inflation drops to 209 percent: report (AFP) AFP - Zimbabwe's annual rate of inflation last month dropped to 209 percent, edging closer to a year-end target of 150 percent from a peak of 622.8 percent in January, according to a newspaper report.
US Fed raises interests rates The US Federal Reserve raised US interest rates tonight for a fourth time this year by a quarter percentage point. It cited brightening job prospects, indicating that more increases may lie ahead.
Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's successors  promised a swift election to replace him on Saturday as  Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the  former guerrilla who symbolized their hopes of a state.
Looking for a 10 NASA will test its latest jet-powered aircraft for the final time next week, aiming to set a world record by flying at 10 times the speed of sound.
Alternate Browsers have an edge over Internet Explorer The basic fact that Internet Explorer comes preinstalled on all machines shipped with Windows Platform is a good enough pointer to why it is the most used browser out there.
Mauresmo and Sharapova storm into WTA Championship semi-finals LOS ANGELES: Amelie Mauresmo and Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova qualified for the semi-finals in the WTA Championship, keeping alive Mauresmos bid to take away the number 1 ranking from Lindsay Davenport in season finale.
Robinson issues Springbok warning New England captain Jason Robinson played down his hat-trick of tries in the 70-0 rout of minnows Canada at Twickenham on Saturday, and warned the world champions would have to up their game at home to South Africa next week.
Rugby-Ireland erase tour woes with win over Springboks A jubilant Ireland were celebrating their first victory over South Africa in almost 40 years on Saturday after beating the Tri-nations champions 17-12 at Lansdowne Road.
Barber joins Maroney at 1,000-yard mark, sets NCAA record Minnesota #39;s Marion Barber III surpassed 1,000 yards rushing for the second straight season, joining Laurence Maroney as the first pair of teammates to accomplish that in NCAA history.
Foreigners Continue to Flee Ivory Coast Frightened Westerners - many of them longtime residents of this former African economic success story - piled into buses, boats and planes Saturday as a French-run evacuation built, despite government promises to protect the expatriates from a surge of 
Iran Close to Decision on Nuclear Program Iran #39;s foreign minister, Kamal Kharrazi, told state television Saturday Iranian negotiators have given their final response to an EU proposal to suspend Iran #39;s uranium enrichment program.
India could consider Kashmir proposals NEW DELHI: Indian Foreign Minister Nawtar Singh said on Saturday that New Delhi could consider Pakistans suggestions for resolving the Kashmir issue if a formal proposal was made.
COPC condemns slaying of Davao lensman THE largest media organization here yesterday joined other media groups in condemning the recent slaying of a 26-year-old photojournalist in Jolo, Sulu.
US forces claim hold of Fallujah within two days FALLUJAH: US forces cornered insurgents Wednesday in a small pockets of Fallujah after a stunningly swift advance that seized control of 70 percent of the militant stronghold and claimed to get hold of the entire city within two says.
U.S. and U.N. Renew Quarrel Over Iraq Kofi Annan's reluctance to commit staff members to Iraq in large numbers and a series of comments he has made about the war have strained relations with the Bush administration.
Arsenal edges Tottenham 5-4 and ends three-game winless streak Thierry Henry, Lauren, Patrick Vieira, Freddie Ljungberg and Robert Pires rallied Arsenal to a 5-4 victory Saturday at archrival Tottenham, giving the Gunners their first league victory in four games.
Dell flirting with AMD #39;s 64-bit processors Chief Executive Kevin Rollins from Dell said that the company was considering using AMD #39;s chips for some future server products, maybe in the first half of 2005.
CHELSEA GOLEO A FULHAM Y RETUVO LIDERAZGO DE PREMIER LEAGUE LONDRES, 13 (ANSA)- Chelsea gole hoy 4-1 a Fulham en uno de los clsicos de Londres, y se mantuvo en el tope de las posiciones de la Premier League; mientras que en el otro derby Arsenal bati 5-4 a Tottenham Hotspur.
The Governator Marks a Year in Office It #39;s been a year since Arnold Schwarzenegger became California #39;s 38th governor, and the Hollywood actor-turned politician remains a phenomenon -- theatrical, unbridled and radiating raw confidence.
Pakistan army kills 40 militants near Afghanistan Pakistan #39;s army, backed by artillery and helicopter gunships, has demolished several  quot;terrorist hideouts quot; and killed up to 40 militants in a major operation - but failed to capture a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner accused of targeting security forces in a 
AMD #39;s share price catches up with Intel #39;s AFTER THE FEVERED speculation earlier this week about Dell using AMD microprocessors, the unthinkable nearly happened yesterday. The price of a share in AMD finished on the NYSE exchange yesterday at \$21.
Ivory Coast in uneasy calm, as foreigners continue to flee ABIDJAN, Nov 13 (AFP) - Hundreds of frightened Europeans continued to flee the Ivory Coast Saturday as an uneasy calm returned to the troubled west African country one week after angry mobs went on a rampage against foreigners.
Fed's Gramlich Urges Fix for Budget Gap (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. budget deficits pose a\problem for both the domestic and world economies, but there\seems little political will to fix them, Federal Reserve Board\Governor Edward Gramlich said on Saturday.
FCC Rules That It Alone Regulates Voice Over IP On 9 November 2004, the FCC declared that VoIP services such as Vonage Holdings #39; DigitalVoice are not subject to traditional state public utility regulation, and that the FCC alone has jurisdiction here.
Four star Chelsea reclaim top spot from Arsenal LONDON (AFP) - Chelsea reclaimed the top spot in the Premiership with an emphatic 4-1 victory over Fulham as champions Arsenal edged a 5-4 thriller against Tottenham.
Lyon back to their winning ways against Nantes Olympique Lyon returned to their characteristic winning ways on Saturday, beating Nantes 2-0 to strengthen their Ligue 1 lead. The three-times French champions, beaten for the first 
Purdue Wants to Win for Keady This Season (AP) AP - In Gene Keady's 24 years on the Purdue sideline, few have been more trying than last season. His Boilermakers were flying high after winning the Great Alaska Shootout, but it was mostly downhill from there. Losses, injuries and academic ineligibility plagued the team, as it limped to a 17-14 finish and missed the NCAA tournament for the third time in four years.
Barghouti to Run for Palestinian Leader (AP) AP - Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the Palestinian uprising jailed by Israel but perhaps the strongest candidate to oust Yasser Arafat's old guard of politicians, plans to run in upcoming presidential elections, a person close to Barghouti said Saturday.
Egypt Hopes to Solve Riddle of Tutankhamun Death (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt plans to X-ray the mummy of\Tutankhamun to find out what killed the king who ruled Egypt\more than 3,000 years ago and died while only a teenager.
Conservationists Fear for Congo's Rainforests (Reuters) Reuters - A strict ban on granting new logging\concessions in Congo's rainforest must be maintained while the\poor African country struggles to recover from years of war,\conservationists said on Saturday.
Chronology of Cheney's Health Problems (AP) AP - A summary of Vice President Dick Cheney's heart problems:
Reports Point to Proof of Global Warming (AP) AP - Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, D.C. Politicians in the nation's capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide pollution that is expected to warm the planet by 4 to 7 degrees Fahrenheit during the next century, citing uncertainty about the severity of the threat.
No Pause in Foreign Exodus from Ivory Coast  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - An exodus of foreigners from Ivory  Coast showed no signs of easing Saturday as West African  leaders prepared to meet in Nigeria for emergency talks about a  crisis which threatens the entire region.
James Scores 27 Points in Cavaliers' Win (AP) AP - Drew Gooden scored 27 points and LeBron James had 27, his final field goal coming on a monstrous dunk that sent the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 105-97 win Saturday night over the feuding Toronto Raptors, who didn't have Vince Carter.
Consumers stay in spending mode Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for auto purchases last month but spent like mad in a number of other areas, including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Oil prices fall as market forecasts enough heating fuel LONDON : Oil prices fell as markets reckoned on there being enough heating fuel to meet demand in key markets once winter arrives, despite further drops in US stockpiles, analysts said.
Should You Want the New iPod Photo? It Depends Whether you want the iPod Photo (www.apple.com/ipodphoto) depends, then, on how much money you #39;re willing to spend and the value you place on looking at images of friends and family on a two 
Your guide to the Leonid meteor show Next week brings the return of the famous Leonid meteor shower, a meteor display that over the past several years has brought great anticipation and excitement to sky watchers around the world.
Chechen Rebel Web Site Reopened (Reuters) Reuters - A Web site used by a Chechen warlord\to claim responsibility for September's school siege in Russia\has reopened, one month after it was closed by the Finnish\company that hosted it.
Wolves lead Bundesliga pack, unlucky seven for Schalke Surprise package VfL Wolfsburg remained on top of the Bundesliga following a comfortable 3-0 home win over VfB Stuttgart. The three points saw Wolfsburg, only promoted to the Bundesliga in 1997, open up a 
Steelers release St. Pierre, move up Brown Brown is a second year player from Memphis and has spent the 2004 season on the Steelers #39; practice squad. He played in two games last year.
World Cup mascot  #39;Goleo VI #39; makes TV debut A puppet lion designed with the help of the Jim Henson Company and going by the name of Goleo VI will be the official mascot of the 2006 World Cup.
Sound of silence fear for downloads THEY are the hottest Christmas seller this year and promise to fit entire CD collections into the palm of your hand. Retailers say that MP3 digital audio players are flying off shelves in electrical stores 
1,000 dead as troops take Fallujah The massive military operation to retake Fallujah has been  quot;accomplished quot;, a senior Iraqi official said. Fierce fighting continued in the war-torn city where pockets of resistance were still holding out against US forces.
Cheney Undergoes Tests at Hospital (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, who has a history of heart trouble, went to a hospital Saturday after experiencing shortness of breath, an aide said.
Baghdad Airport Closed Indefinitely -- PM Office  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim government extended the  closure of Baghdad international airport indefinitely on  Saturday under emergency rule imposed ahead of this week's  U.S.-led offensive on Falluja.
HELP FILE Q My computer #39;s hard drive died, and I had to replace it. All my songs are still intact on my iPod, but how do I get them back on the PC?
Zimbabwe plans more youth camps Zimbabwe vows to set up more of the camps critics say the government uses to train youths in torture.
Cavs Bury Wizards LeBron James scores 24 points and the Cavaliers limit the Wizards to 33 percent shooting as Cleveland handles the Wizards easily, 105-74, on Saturday afternoon.
In Face of Warnings, Drug Giant Took Long Path to Vioxx Recall A review of Merck's handling of Vioxx suggests that actions the company took - and did not take - may have affected the health of potentially thousands of patients.
A League by Itself With six teams nationally ranked in the top 20, including three in the top four, the ACC remains the preeminent conference of college basketball.
Nets' Mercer Placed on Injured List  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (Sports Network) - The New Jersey  Nets Saturday placed guard Ron Mercer on the injured list.  Mercer is scheduled to undergo left knee surgery on Monday and  could be out of action for up to four weeks.
'Tea EO' Aims for Sustainable Brew  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For Seth Goldman, starting a  business was a lot like brewing tea -- it all came down to the  right blend of ingredients.
Holiday Hopes Brighten for Retailers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. retailers may have a happier  holiday season than expected just a month ago, as shoppers  cheer up after the elections and start thinking about what to  buy as the weather gets cold, analysts said.
Randall Navigates Technology Turbulence  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Taking control of a technology fund  that lost more than 90 percent of its assets in the bear market  requires gravity-defying confidence.
National union leaders set a timeline for change November 11, 2004. WASHINGTON -aced with the impact of labor #39;s political loss on Nov. 2, the AFL-CIO Executive Council decided on Nov. 10 on a timeline for changes in the union movement 
No. 3 Auburn Wins SEC Championship (AP) AP - Jason Campbell threw for three touchdowns and accounted for more than 400 yards, leading No. 3 Auburn to a 38-28 victory over 15th-ranked Tennessee in the SEC championship game Saturday night.
Boston College Upsets W. Virginia, 36-17 (AP) AP - Paul Peterson threw two first-half touchdown passes and No. 21 Boston College returned two punts for scores to beat No. 13 West Virginia 36-17 Saturday.
Ivory Coast military chief sacked The president of Ivory Coast sacks his army chief of staff, amid escalating tension  in the West African country.
Mavericks 94 Nets 78 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Jerry Stackhouse scored a season-high 28 points to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 94-to-78 victory over the New Jersey Nets.
Ireland beats South Africa Ireland beat South Africa 17-12 Saturday for its first victory over the Springboks since 1965. Flyhalf Ronan O #39;Gara scored all the points at Lansdowne Road - the site of the last Ireland victory over the Springboks.
Nowak back at MLS Cup in new role Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups. He liked the first a lot better. Nowak was the MVP of Major League Soccer #39;s championship game in 1998, assisting on two goals in the Chicago Fire #39;s 2-0 win over DC United.
Busch, Truex garner wet poles at Darlington DARLINGTON, SC -- Rain canceled qualifying at Darlington Raceway on Friday so starting lineups for this weekend #39;s NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series and NASCAR Busch Series races have been set by points.
No. 21 Boston College 36, No. 13 West Virginia 17 Paul Peterson threw two first-half touchdown passes and No. 21 Boston College returned two punts for scores to beat No. 13 West Virginia 36-17 Saturday.
Orton does not start against Ohio State Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton did not start Saturday #39;s game against Ohio State, though he was listed as available to play. Orton has been bothered by a right hip injury for the last month.
Maryland 89, Carleton 60 Maryland completed its exhibition schedule with two wins and a decent idea of what needs to be done before Friday night #39;s regular season opener against Jackson State.
No. 19 Iowa Survives Scare From Minnesota (AP) AP - Rhys Lloyd's 51-yard field goal try drifted left with 28 seconds remaining, allowing 19th-ranked Iowa to hold on for a 29-27 victory over Minnesota Saturday  #151; the Hawkeyes' sixth straight win.
Ivory Coast accuses France of shooting civilians The Government of the Ivory Coast is planning to take legal action against French troops accused of shooting civilians. The Ivorian Government is taking its case to the International Court of Justice.
Jays Claim Song Off Waivers From Montreal (AP) AP - The Toronto Blue Jays claimed right-hander Seung Song off waivers from the Montreal Expos on Saturday.
France's Raffarin sticks to optimistic growth forecast (AFP) AFP - French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin insisted this weekend his country would achieve growth of 2.5 percent next year despite reports of flagging economic momentum in recent months.
Fed #39;s Gramlich Says US Must Cut Deficit to Boost Savings The US must cut its budget deficit to finance the investments it needs to prepare for the retirement of the baby boom generation without borrowing from abroad, Federal Reserve Governor Edward Gramlich said.
Judgment Day for Trella After sitting ringside and officiating more than 150 professional boxing matches, the former Prospect resident and Holy Cross High football player will be on the hot seat tonight at Madison Square Garden when he presides over the IBF heavyweight title 
Robinson hat-trick in England romp England opened their new era under head coach Andy Robinson with a 12-try rout of Canada as they won 70-0 at Twickenham. Jason Robinson marked his debut as England captain with a scintillating hat-trick as 
Truex wins Busch championship with fourth-place finish DARLINGTON, SC (SportsTicker) - Jamie McMurray won his second straight NASCAR Busch Series race Saturday and Martin Truex Jr. celebrated the 2004 series title with a fourth-place finish in the Bi-Lo 200 at Darlington Raceway.
Minnesota Golden Gophers MINNEAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Drew Tate passed for 328 yards and Kyle Schlicher set a school record with five field goals as No. 19 Iowa overcame a lack of a running game to defeat reeling Minnesota, 29-27, in a Big Ten Conference contest.
Eriksson Gives Johnson Hope of England Call Sven-Goran Eriksson tonight gave Crystal Palace striker Andrew Johnson hope of a future England call-up despite having just missed out on the squad for next weeks friendly in Spain.
Arafat laid to rest in Ramallah HAMISH ROBERTSON: First this morning to the sound of gunfire and the roar of more than 100,000 Palestinian mourners. Yasser Arafat has been laid to rest in the grounds of his headquarters in Ramallah.
Death jolts Indonesian rights activists Indonesian rights campaigners have had their worst fears confirmed with the news the country #39;s best-known activist was apparently a victim of arsenic poisoning.
ICANN moves to move VeriSign lawsuit to Paris com November 12, 2004, 5:31 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
(9) Michigan 42 Northwestern 20 ANN ARBOR, Mich. Michigan scored touchdowns on five straight possessions in the second half to blow past Northwestern 42-to-20. Michael Hart ran for 151 yards and a season-high three touchdowns as the Wolverines 
Canada reaches final at 4 Nations Cup LAKE PLACID, NY (CP) - The Canadian women #39;s hockey team advanced to the final of the Four Nations Cup with a 4-1 win over Finland on Saturday.
What They Know About You Wal-Mart amasses more data about the products it sells and its shoppers' buying habits than anyone else, and some privacy advocates worry about the potential for abuse.
Catering to the Consumers With Animal Appetites Omaha Steaks is venturing into the multibillion-dollar pet market, and it's not the only company hoping to go to the dogs.
Lyon Back to Its Winning Ways Against Nantes  PARIS (Reuters) - Olympique Lyon returned to its  characteristic winning ways Saturday, beating Nantes 2-0 to  strengthen its Ligue 1 lead.
Rodriguez Is Haunted by Yanks' Collapse Three weeks after the Yankees faded in four straight losses, Alex Rodriguez settled on the villain in this tale - himself.
In Trying to Save Medal and Tour de France Hopes, Hamilton Faces Uphill Course At 33, just as he seemed ready to claim center stage, Tyler Hamilton is facing a two-year suspension from competition.
Last Year Is Last Year, or So the Giants Hope Last year's Giants were 4-4 after eight games, then went on an eight-game losing streak, collapsing in a heap of injuries and lost confidence.
Jets Have Multiple Choices, but No Easy Answer for Ravens' Lewis Ray Lewis, perhaps the finest linebacker in the N.F.L., will present the Jets' offense with what will probably be its biggest matchup problem on Sunday.
The B.C.S.: What Does Excellence Have to Do With It? For all the other criticism inspired by the Bowl Championship Series, its focus on the past has been its biggest flaw.
B.C. Tops West Virginia Paul Peterson throws two first-half touchdown passes and No. 21 Boston College returns two punts for scores to defeat No. 13 West Virginia 36-17 Saturday.
Ivory Coast Army Chief Sacked as Foreigners Flee  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - An exodus of foreigners from Ivory  Coast continued Saturday as President Laurent Gbagbo sacked the  head of the army, hours before West African leaders were due to  meet for emergency talks on the crisis.
STOCKS  amp; BONDS Rally on Retail Sales Data Gives Shares 3rd Weekly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wall Street closed its third consecutive winning week with another rally yesterday, advancing as a new retail sales report and a consumer confidence reading showed that Americans are growing more confident about the economy.
You #39;ll Laugh. You #39;ll Cry. But This Merger May Not Be a Hit. IF the latest takeover drama were a movie, it would probably be a straight-to-video tragicomedy. Last week, Blockbuster, the video rental chain, precipitated collective head-scratching 
Microsoft overtakes rival palm Microsoft Corp. has overtaken rival PalmSource Inc. in the handheld-computer software market, the Washington Post reported Saturday.
Nasa wonder plane finally cleared for take-off  just as funding &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A REVOLUTIONARY new type of aircraft that could lead to flights between Glasgow and Sydney in only two hours, will be tested in America tomorrow.
Gates vs. Jobs: The Rematch THE history of Apple Computer can be told through its advertisements as well as its products. There was, of course, the commercial that introduced the Macintosh.
Superconductors take an odd turn Physicists in the US and Japan have seen the best evidence to date for a new form of superconductivity. Ying Liu and co-workers at Pennsylvania State University and Kyoto University have observed  quot;odd-parity quot; superconductivity in strontium ruthenate.
ICANN Flips Switch on New Transfer Policy ICANN, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, on Friday flipped the switch on a new URL transfer policy, which aims to simplify the way domain names can be moved between registrars.
Exclusive Boxer Quotes: What They #39;re Saying in NYC Lots of buzz in the air with so many of boxing #39;s major players on the scene. Here #39;s what we #39;re hearing: Kali Meehan:  quot;When I say the name Rock Rahman to people, they look at me, Oh, Rock #39;s tough.
Chelsea Beats Fulham 4-1 to Retain Premiership Lead (Update1) Chelsea won 4-1 at Fulham in English soccer #39;s Premiership to retain its two-point lead at the top of the standings over Arsenal, which beat north London rival Tottenham 5-4.
Canadian women #39;s hockey team advances to Four Nations Cup final &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE PLACID, NY (CP) - The Canadian women #39;s hockey team will try to regain the Four Nations Cup title Sunday after beating Finland 4-1 to advance to the championship game.
Special teams gives BC upperhand in Big East Morgantown, WV (Sports Network) - Paul Peterson threw two touchdown passes and Boston College scored a pair of touchdowns on punt returns, as the 21st-ranked Eagles upset No.
Six killed after vessel crashes into breakwater SAPPORO (Kyodo) Six crew members of a South Korean cargo ship were killed and one was missing Saturday after their vessel crashed into a breakwater in Ishikari Bay, Hokkaido.
France #39;s Raffarin sticks to optimistic growth forecast PARIS (AFP) - French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin insisted this weekend his country would achieve growth of 2.5 percent next year despite reports of flagging economic momentum in recent months.
Miracle baby was just a  #39;cruel deception #39; A High Court judge in London has ruled that an infertile mother who gave birth to a so-called  quot;miracle baby quot; was the victim of a  quot;cruel deception.
Rumsfeld, Panamanian President Meet (AP) AP - U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld met Saturday with Panamanian President Martin Torrijos and expressed support for regional security agreements aimed at reducing drug trafficking, terrorism and other threats in Latin America and the Caribbean.
India Says Will Study Pakistani Proposal (AP) AP - India will consider any formal proposal from Pakistan to settle their decades-old dispute over Kashmir, the Himalayan region at the center of two wars between the nuclear-armed neighbors, a top Indian official said Saturday.
Analysis: Bush Facing Domestic Challenges (AP) AP - From his domestic policy platter, President Bush chose to serve dessert before the main course. Having now won a second term, he may find it increasingly difficult to deliver on the meatier stuff, even with the political capital he is claiming and larger GOP majorities in the House and Senate.
Milosevic Wants Clinton to Testify by Christmas (Reuters) Reuters - Slobodan Milosevic called on judges\to subpoena former U.S. President Bill Clinton and British\Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday, saying he would like\them to testify at his war crimes trial by Christmas.
Anything but a Game Given what members of the military are facing in Iraq, and what mission might soon await some of them, none of Army or Navy #39;s football players could think of Saturday #39;s 
X-43A Mach 10 Flight on Schedule For Nov. 15 The final flight of NASA #39;s X-43A hypersonic research aircraft is still on schedule for Monday afternoon, Nov. 15, weather permitting.
Ireland 17-12 South Africa: Favourite referee quells Springbok &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After the phoney war of words came a battle of phenomenal intensity, that Ireland eventually won through an insatiable appetite for hard work, the excellence of their midfield backs and - it has to be said -ome assistance from their favourite referee 
Bomb explodes in Indonesian Poso killing 3 A bomb exploded in front of market in Poso district of Central Sulawesi province, in eastern part of Indonesia on Saturday, killing three people and seriously injured six others, the district police said.
Is Your Domain Locked Down? ICANN #39;s new domain transfer policy that starts Friday is intended to provide greater security and portability to the domain transfer process and protect against  quot;domain slamming.
Israel Moves Quietly to Bolster Palestinian Vote Under American encouragement and, in some cases, pressure, Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinian moderates.
No-Names Fuel Rise After years of signing big-name free agents who became busts, it's ironic that unheralded veterans have keyed the Redskins' top-ranked defense.