High Turnout Reported for Ghana #39;s National Elections Vote counting has begun in Tuesday #39;s general election in Ghana, where President John Kufuor is widely expected to win re-election.
Williams in Pull-Out Threat Over Beard Inspection  LONDON (Reuters) - British heavyweight fighter Danny  Williams has threatened to pull out of Saturday's World Boxing  Council title fight with champion Vitali Klitschko if he is  forced to shave his beard, British media reported.
Lenovo IBM deal a  #39;great leap #39; for Chinese companies on the world &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI (AFP) - Computer maker Lenovo #39;s landmark purchase of the PC business of one of America #39;s most vaunted corporate names adds to a growing list of ambitious Chinese companies seeking to make a name for themselves on global markets.
Bank of England policymakers meet; no change seen on interest rates (AFP) AFP - The Bank of England's rate-setting Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) began its two-day monthly meeting amid broad expectation that interest rates will be left unchanged due to signs of economic slowdown.
Arsenal and Bremen advance with Porto #39;s hope alive Holders Porto survived a fightback to overcome Chelsea 2-1 and kept a Champions League second round hope alive as Arsenal and Werder Bremen booked their places in thenext round on Tuesday.
Celtic needs to take stock - O #39;Neill Celtic boss Martin O #39;Neill admits the club needs to hold an internal investigation into where its future lies after being dumped out of Europe least night.
Singh not breaking habits The world #39;s No. 1 golfer gave another relentless indication Tuesday why he has risen to the top. One day after he was named PGA Tour Player of the Year, Vijay Singh celebrated by pounding 
Arsenal v Rosenborg - Player Ratings Goal (Arsenal) (4) - Just what we needed early on. The nerves were removed, and we just kept on moving forward. A sweet ball from Bobby set Reyes up with a chance to run.
He Sounds Confident, Not Cocky You could tell why University of President Bernie Machen and athletic director Jeremy Foley wanted Urban Meyer almost immediately after the coach started talking.
Indian cricket team arrives in Bangladesh India #39;s national cricket team arrived in Dhaka Wednesday for a Bangladesh tour approved despite an Islamic group #39;s threat to kill the Indian players.
Hamas rejects ceasefire in preparations for Palestinian elections The Islamic resistance movement Hamas on Wednesday refused to halt attacks against the Jewish settlements during the period of preparations for the Jan. 9 elections.
Pixar Falls 4 Percent Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Pixar Animation Studios Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PIXR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PIXR.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 4 percent before the bell on Wednesday after it  said it would postpone the theatrical release of its animated  feature "Cars" to June 2006 from November 2005.
Safeway Sets Outlook Below Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - Grocery chain operator Safeway Inc.\ on Wednesday set a 2005 earnings per share goal that\was below analysts' expectations, with added marketing expenses\and lingering impact from a strike at its Vons stores weighing\on profits.
Nortel to File Restated Results Next Year  TORONTO (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday that after months of trying to untangle faulty  financial results, it plans to file 2003 and first-half 2004  results starting Jan. 10 of next year.
Colgate overhaul to cut over 4,400 jobs Colgate-Palmolive, the US consumer products company, has said that it plans to close about a third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years as part of a major restructuring effort to increase profit margins.
China Aviation Oil CEO arrested in Singapore, helping CAD with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE : Singapore #39;s white collar crime buster, the Commercial Affairs Department, has arrested China Aviation Oil #39;s beleaguered chief executive, Chen Jiulin.
US is urged to adopt new, diverse energy policy WASHINGTON Trying to break a deadlock on energy policy, a diverse group of environmentalists, academics and former government officials were to publish a report on Wednesday that presents strategies for making the United States cleaner, more competitive 
Update 2: VimpelCom Hit With \$157M Back Tax Claim In what market watchers are calling a new battle between a Russian oligarch and the state, Russia #39;s second largest mobile phone operator, VimpelCom, has been hit with a 4.4 billion ruble (US\$157 million, euro118 million) back-tax claim for 2001, company 
Merck sets up new Vioxx review Drugmaker Merck has set up an independent committee to review the firm #39;s actions prior to the withdrawal of its painkiller Vioxx from the market in September.
Fighting Rages in Iraq's Rebel-Held Ramadi (Reuters) Reuters - Fighting raged between rebels\controlling the western Iraq town of Ramadi and U.S. Marines\Wednesday after two Iraqis were killed in clashes following a\suicide car bomb attack, witnesses said.
South American Leaders Discuss New Bloc (AP) AP - Presidents and high-ranking officials from 12 South American countries gathered in this ancient Inca capital to create a political and economic bloc they hope will put them on a more equal footing with the United States and Europe.
Williams in Pull-Out Threat Over Beard Inspection British heavyweight fighter Danny Williams has threatened to pull out of Saturday #39;s World Boxing Council title fight with champion Vitali Klitschko if he is forced to shave his beard, British media reported.
RANIERI BLASTS FRISK Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri was unable to hide his frustration at referee Anders Frisk after his side crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday.
Aussies prevail in SCG thriller Australia has forced the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy series into a decider, but only after surviving a stunning fightback by New Zealand in match two at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Karzai to Address Afghan Tribal Leaders (AP) AP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai plans to address tribal leaders Thursday on the need to eliminate this war-ravaged country's booming drug trade, an aide said.
Karzai to Address Tribal Leaders Afghan President Hamid Karzai plans to address tribal leaders Thursday on the need to eliminate this war-ravaged country #39;s booming drug trade, an aide said.
DeTrani drums up support for talks December 09, 2004  A senior US official came to Seoul yesterday to create momentum for talks aimed at halting North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program.
Russia Using Soviet Tactics Over Ukraine -- Warsaw Russia #39;s refusal to cooperate with the West to ensure a fair election in Ukraine signals that Moscow is slipping back to Soviet-style tactics, a senior Polish diplomat was quoted Wednesday as saying.
Paisley rules out devolution deal A deal to restore devolution in Northern Ireland will not be signed, DUP leader Ian Paisley confirms.
Lenovo Buys IBM #39;s PC Business for \$1.25 Billion (Update7) Lenovo Group Ltd. agreed to pay \$1.25 billion for International Business Machines Corp. #39;s personal computer business, making the Chinese company the world #39;s third- largest PC maker and giving it a globally recognized brand.
Calpers reveals risky investments #39; cost Calpers, the largest pension fund in the United States, has disclosed for the first time how much it paid the venture capitalists, hedge fund managers and others who handle its riskiest specialized investments, and how well those investments performed in 
Mission is over for top astronaut THE longest serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded the first space shuttle mission, has announced his retirement after 42 years at Nasa.
PA Sues Online  #39;University #39; For Spamming CousinLarry writes  quot;Online  #39;university #39; Trinity Southern University (Google cache of disabled site homepage) has been sued by the state of Pennsylvania.
Silverstone owners  #39;hopeful #39; for F1 deal Silverstone #39;s owners say they are confident that a deal can be reached with Bernie Ecclestone, Formula One #39;s chief, to save the British Grand Prix.
Thistle see an end to wanderings Inverness Caledonian Thistle will finally be allowed to return to their own ground after half a season #39;s wanderings following a change of heart by the Scottish Premier League.
China #39;s Lenovo acquires IBM #39;s PC business Lenovo Group, China #39;s personal computer giant, Wednesday signed a definitive agreement with IBM to acquire Big Blue #39;s personal computer 
Merck Sees 2005 Profit Hurt by Vioxx Merck  amp; Co. Inc.(MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , reeling from the recent withdrawal of its Vioxx arthritis drug, on Wednesday reaffirmed its 2004 earnings outlook but said earnings in 2005 will be lower than analysts had expected.
AutoZone Earnings Are Flat Autozone #39;s (AZO:NYSE - news - research) first-quarter sales and earnings were virtually unchanged from a year ago, held back by higher fuel prices that made car owners skittish.
'The boat started shaking' The BBC's Rachel Harvey meets a fisherman in the Indonesian city of Banda Aceh who survived the tsunami.
Telecom Tests Online Aromatherapy Service (AP) AP - People play games, go shopping and meet dates on the Internet. So why not use the Web to download the perfect mood-enhancing fragrance?
BEA Rolls Out WebLogic Server 9.0 for SOA SAN FRANCISCOBEA Systems Inc. took advantage of the proximity of Oracle Corp. #39;s OpenWorld conference here this week to introduce BEA WebLogic Server 9.0, which is designed to allow developers to rapidly 
Want a PS2 this Christmas? You #39;ll be lucky! Beleaguered parents hunting down a must-have games console for this Christmas are being told to keep on hassling their local games retailer - and keep their fingers crossed.
India, Pakistan say need more talks on Kashmir bus (Reuters) Reuters - India and Pakistan were unable to agree on starting a bus service between the capitals of divided Kashmir in two days of talks which ended in New Delhi on Wednesday and said they would need more discussions.
Benni the toast of Portugal Portuguese newspapers praised Porto #39;s Benni McCarthy on Wednesday after a late goal by the South African striker sent Chelsea crashing to a 2-1 defeat and won the club a spot in the knockout phase of the Champions League.
No appeal against Mols five-match ban Utrecht #39;s Michael Mols is to start a five-match ban for knocking out a Graafschap Doetinchem defender in a game on November 28.
Vodafone seeks second place in Japan with slice of growing 3G market (AFP) AFP - British giant Vodafone said it aimed to become the second biggest operator in Japan through an aggressive push in third-generation (3G) service which is taking off in the country.
Penguin Computing launches cluster in a box (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Armed with a new form factor and its clustering management software, Penguin Computing on Wednesday launched an aggressively priced Linux-based blade server targeted at the lower end of the market -- a market recently entered into by Dell Computer.
Finding the Best Programmer's Font Becoming frustrated with source code not aligning in my favorite source editor I decided to hunt  for the best font. In particular, I began to hunt down the available fixed-width or monospaced fonts.    What are monospaced fonts you ask? From Xerox:Monospace fonts (Such as Courier or LetterGothic), or "fixed pitch" fonts, contain characters that all have the same character width, producing text that can be used to create forms, tabular material or documents that require exact text line lengths. An example of a fixed pitch font is Courier 12 pitch, which is a 10 point font that will print at exactly 12 characters per inch.    Why use  monospaced fonts? Primarily because the text will align more readily. Especially is areas like the comment block header. Updated versions of this document will be located at http://www.lowing.org/fonts/
Experts: Men Distort Religion to Justify 'Honour' Killings  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Men all over the world distort the  teachings of Islam and Christianity to justify abusing their  wives and daughters, leading to thousands of "honor" killings a  year for which courts provide virtual impunity, experts say.
Intel CEO: Company Recovered From Missteps Intel Corp. chief executive Craig Barrett said Tuesday the company has "recovered" from product missteps that plagued the chip maker during the first half of the year.
HP Board Pondered Breaking Up the Company &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Duncan Martell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The board of Hewlett-Packard Co.\&lt;HPQ.N&gt; discussed breaking up the No. 2 computer maker three\times in the past, yet each time decided to keep it intact,\Chief Executive Carly Fiorina said on Tuesday, defending her\strategy for the company.&lt;/p&gt;
'EverQuest,' 'Warcraft' Polished If my experiences with two new massively multiplayer online role-playing games have taught me one thing, it's that if I really wanted, I'd never have to interact face-to-face with another person again. I have all the friends and enemies I can handle thanks to "EverQuest II" and "World of Warcraft."
Update 2: GM Europe Pledges to Avoid Job Cuts General Motors Corp. has pledged to avoid plant closures and layoffs in Europe as it seeks to return its money-losing European operations to profitability, worker representatives said Wednesday.
Sony selects NVIDIA for Playstation 3 chips NEW YORK, December 8 (newratings.com) - Sony Corp (SNE.NYS) named NVIDIA yesterday as the supplier of the graphics chips required for its upcoming Playstation 3 video game console.
Lycos Anti-Spam Screensaver Inspires Trojan Even though it #39;s been withdrawn, the Lycos anti-spam screensaver is not forgotten. Rollie Hawk writes  quot;And with this, the  #39;What #39;s Good for the Goose... #39; award goes to all those people trying to install that 
Ancient brew discovered in China People in ancient China may have been enjoying the delights of wine as long as 9,000 years ago, making them the first in the world to enjoy a tipple.
Napster founder back with new file-sharing venture The kid who sparked the digital music revolution says he #39;s back to finish the job. As a 19-year-old college freshman, Shawn Fanning created Napster, the file-sharing software program 
Pair say strip cheats INTERNATIONAL Olympic Committee members Susie O #39;Neill and Kevan Gosper have called for the IOC to strip Sydney triple gold medallist Marion Jones of her medals if she is proven to be a drug cheat.
Gerrard Wants Fans To Play Their Part Steven Gerrard has called on Liverpool #39;s supporters to play their part in inspiring the Reds to victory against Olympiakos tonight.
Indian cricket team in Dhaka: Sports India, Cricket: Dhaka, Dec 8 : A 15-member Indian cricket squad Wednesday arrived here amidst tight security to play two Tests and three one-day internationals against Bangladesh.
Champions Trophy 2004 Pakistan #39;s Mohammad Saqlain (centre) raises his arms to celebrate the first goal against India during the six-nation Champions Trophy Tournament match at the National Hockey Stadium in Lahore, on Wednesday.
No Mideast peace deal yet: Palestinian official JERUSALEM - A senior Palestinian official called reports of a Mideast peace agreement premature, but said Israelis and Palestinians have agreed on the logistics of the upcoming elections to replace Yasser Arafat.
Iraqi Officials Consider Extending Voting Period BAGHDAD - Iraq #39;s Independent Electoral Commission said on Wednesday it may consider holding next month #39;s elections over an extended period, as Prime Minister Iyad Allawi had suggested.
Annan rejects resignation demands United Nations: Buoyed by strong support from member nations including four out of five Security Council members, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has firmly rejected the demand of some American lawmakers to resign in view of allegations of corruption in 
Pakistan does 2nd test of nuclear-capable missile in 10 days ISLAMABAD, Pakistan- Pakistan on Wednesday test-fired a medium-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead but insisted it was not sending a signal to India amid continuing peace moves with its regional rival.
GREAT LAKES: African Union may help disarm militias ADDIS ABABA, 8 December (IRIN) - With the threat of renewed regional conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), the African Union #39;s (AU #39;s) Peace and Security Council announced on Tuesday that it would seek a greater role in helping to disarm 
Stocks Open Higher, Lower Oil Prices Help  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on  Wednesday, a day after a sharp sell-off, as oil tumbled  further, easing concerns about the impact high crude prices  have on corporate profits and consumer spending.
Saudi Arabia Questions Need for OPEC Move  CAIRO (Reuters) - Top OPEC producer Saudi Arabia on  Wednesday questioned the need for OPEC oil producers to rein in  supply, saying the kingdom would keep crude output at current  high levels as long as customers wanted it.
Toro Earnings Rise, Dividend Doubled  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lawn-care equipment maker Toro  Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TTC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TTC.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Wednesday reported stronger-than-expected  quarterly earnings and doubled its dividend, citing increased  sales and cost controls.
N. Korea Remains Are Not of Japan Citizen (AP) AP - Japan lodged a formal complaint with North Korea on Wednesday after tests showed that human remains which Pyongyang claimed belonged to a Japanese citizen abducted decades ago by communist agents are those of someone else.
Wall Street set for steady open (FT.com) FT.com - Wall Street futures were flat on Tuesday, as a lack of economic news led investors to focus on the falling price of oil and the falling dollar. Investors were also assessing the merits of IBM's planned sale of its personal computer division to Lenovo, the Chinese computer group, for  #36;1.75bn.
Australia to Upgrade Embassy Security (AP) AP - Australia's foreign ministry said Wednesday it will boost security spending at its embassies by  #36;52 million after a terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Saudi Arabia left nine dead earlier this week.
Nobel Winners to Explain Discoveries (AP) AP - Their discoveries may be hard for many to comprehend, but this year's Nobel Prize winners still have to explain what they did and how they did it.
IBM sells PC unit to Lenovo International Business Machines Corp. agreed to sell its personal computing business to China #39;s largest computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd.
GM Europe Aims to Avoid Forced Layoffs General Motors aims to restructure its loss-making European operations without resorting to involuntary redundancies or shuttering any 
Merck Sees 2005 Profit Hurt by Vioxx Merck  amp; Co. Inc.(MRK), reeling from the recent withdrawal of its Vioxx arthritis drug, said Wednesday it expects 2005 earnings of \$2.42 to \$2.52 a share -- a decline from expected 2004 results.
Online university sued for selling fake degrees Trinity Southern University, an online school based in Texas, has been sued by the state of Pennsylvania for allegedly using state and private Internet addresses to hawk fake graduate degrees and prescription drugs.
Muck of the Irish: Petrino staying at Louisville Cross another name off the Notre Dame wish list. Bobby Petrino is expected to announce he #39;s stayng at Louisville. Dec. 8 Louisville football coach Bobby Petrino, who was contacted by both Notre Dame and Mississippi 
Mid-East summit agreed as peace efforts pay off THE depth and scale of the covert diplomatic manoeuvring to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was dramatically illuminated yesterday when Egyptian government officials confirmed their involvement in talks leading up to a mid-year peace conference 
UN Council Warns Rwanda Against Attack in Congo The Security Council, in an apparent warning to Rwandan President Paul Kagame, said on Tuesday it intended to consider unspecified measures against individuals who undermined the peace process in Congo.
Will More Power for Intelligence Chief Mean Better Results? Congress is close to approving a broad intelligence overhaul, but the changes that will matter most still lie ahead.
Japanese get 'beautiful' housesitter with jellyfish-shaped robot (AFP) AFP - A Japanese firm said it has created a jellyfish-shaped robot that can alert homeowners to burglars or housesit for their pets -- and, when not at work, lounge about and be "beautiful."
Israel's Sharon Lines Up Support for Likud Vote  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  marshaled support for Thursday's Likud party vote to bring the  Labor Party into a government that would block snap elections  and pave the way for a Gaza withdrawal next year.
Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the  civilian death toll in the U.S.-led war in Iraq.
French Court Convicts Mitterrand Son of Tax Fraud  PARIS (Reuters) - A French court Wednesday found the eldest  son of former French President Francois Mitterrand guilty of  tax fraud and sentenced him to a suspended 30-month prison  sentence.
Nortel to File Statements Next Year Nortel Networks Corp. said Wednesday it intends to file its long-delayed financial statements for the first two quarters of 2004 on Jan. 10 of next year.
New sub-species of tiger found A genetic study of the tiger family reveals a previously unknown sub-species of the big cats.
Israeli Forces End Northern Gaza Raid - Army  GAZA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces ended an  operation in the northern Gaza Strip less then 24 hours after  they raided the area to try to stop cross-border rocket attacks  by Palestinian militants, the army said Monday.
Group formed to track IM threats A group of internet security and instant messaging (IM) providers have teamed up to detect and thwart the growing threat of IM and P2P viruses and worms.
Aus beat Kiwis by 17 runs Australia have won the 2nd one dayer against New Zealand by 17 runs to level the three-match series at 1-1. Australia were down to 161 for 6 at one stage, but then added another 100 runs.
Shanahan summit looks to improve game CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Behind closed doors, some of hockey #39;s most influential people met to discuss the game. It wasn #39;ta meeting to end the lockout, but how to improve NHL hockey once it gets up and running again.
Suicide Bomber Kills 3 in Baghdad Near Allawi HQ  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide bomber posing as a taxi  driver killed three people near the headquarters of Iraqi Prime  Minister Iyad Allawi's party in Baghdad on Monday as insurgents  pressed a bloody campaign to disrupt a Jan. 30 election.
Dell explores second factory in Europe Dellis considering opening a second European production plant to support its steady growth on the continent.
IBM adjusts to harsh PC market Perhaps it isn't quite as surprising as if Ford MotorCo. suddenly decided to sell the Mustang sports car brand to Hyundai. But IBM's decision to sell its PC business to China's Lenovo Group underscores the challenges that manufacturers face in the modern PC business, even for a company synonymous with the product.
IBM Sells Its PC Business Companies say customers will see no change in product availability or support.
Dual DVD, HD-DVD Disc Developed New disc could ease the transition to the next-gen DVD standard, company says.
Virgin Atlantic Inaugural Flight Lands in Sydney The wait for Virgin Atlantics daily service from Sydney to Hong Kong and London is finally over, with Virgin Atlantics inaugural flight touching down at Sydney Airport.
Stocks sink on profit taking The Dow Jones industrial average fell 106 points to 10,440. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered advancers by a three-to-one margin.
Arsenal in goalkeeper quandry The Spaniard has played in two victories in his first three starts - a 3-0 win over Birmingham and a 5-1 triumph over Rosenborg in the Champions League - after replacing Jens Lehmann.
Benitez keeps eye on the prize Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez believes that his side have every chance of making the Champions League knockout stage tonight. The Spaniard is confident that the Reds can claim the 1-0 or two-goal win against 
Stocks Climb on Decline in Oil Prices A decline in oil prices is giving some stocks a modest boost. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 9 points in today #39;s early going.
Update 1: Gazprom Board Approves Plan for Yukos Bid Russia #39;s state-controlled gas giant Gazprom approved a plan to bid for Yukos #39; core production unit Wednesday amid reports that the company was negotiating to secure a euro10 billion (US\$13 billion) loan from a group of Western banks to support its offer.
Aussies level series with win A lower-order fightback was not enough to save New Zealand as Australia levelled the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy series after a thrilling 17-run win in Sydney.
Black Watch mission  #39;exceptional #39; Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon has played down suggestions that there could be further UK troop re-deployments in support of US operations in Iraq.
PMs publish devolution proposals The British and Irish prime ministers are publishing their proposals to restore devolution in NI.
Saudi Questions Need for OPEC Supply Cuts  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC's top producer Saudi Arabia on  Wednesday questioned the need for the cartel to bolster oil  prices by cutting supply, saying the kingdom would keep crude  output at current high levels as long as customers wanted it.
Hoon plays down new Iraq troop move Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon has played down the prospect of fresh deployments of British troops into the American-controlled sector of Iraq.
Toro Earnings Rise; Dividend Doubled  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lawn-care equipment maker Toro Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TTC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TTC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported stronger-than-expected quarterly  earnings and doubled its dividend, citing increased sales and  its streamlining efforts.
Tax bill hits Russian mobile firm Mobile operator Vimpelcom is the latest Russian firm to be hit with a heavy bill for back taxes
Goldman Cuts Wal-Mart Rating  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, suffered another blow to its star  status on Wednesday when a leading U.S. investment bank  downgraded the company's stock.
IBM Sells PC Biz to Lenovo for \$1.75B , 12/8/2004. IBM #39;s awaited personal computing division sale to Lenovo Group Ltd. became official this morning with an announcement that Big Blue will pass the unit to China #39;s number one PC maker for \$1.75 billion.
TELECOM: FT, REORGANISATION MAKES COMPANY MORE  #39;NORMAL #39; (AGI) - Rome, Italy, Dec. 8 - The merger between Telecom Italia and its mobile arm, Tim, will make the company more normal and will sign the  quot;end of the biggest Italian soap opera quot;.
Sports Car Revamp Revs Up Porsche Sales German carmaker Porsche expects its streak of strong earnings to continue in the current fiscal year that ends in July, the company said on Wednesday.
Nortel expects drop in 2003 net earnings TORONTO -- Nortel Networks Corp., which is in the process of resolving an accounting mess that will result in restatements of prior years #39; earnings, expects a 28 percent reduction in previously announced net earnings for 2003, compared with its previous 
Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 takes off Mozillas latest launch, the standalone Thunderbird 0.9 email client, has captured the attention of the mainstream media who are happily trumpeting its arrival and linking it to the hugely popular Firefox browser, which is giving Microsofts Internet 
NVIDIA Partners With Sony NVIDIA, graphics card manufacturer, has reported that it #39;s partnering up with Sony on the graphics hardware for PlayStation 3. The companies have been developing a custom graphics processing unit (GPU) incorporating next-generation GeForce technology 
Do they know it #39;s Christmas? Watching the Jonathan Woss Show last week, I was more than impressed with U2 #39;s fabulous live performance, thinking that the Irish supergroup were right back at the top of their form.
Playstation Supplies  #39;Tight #39;, Admits Sony Sony was forced to admit today that availability of its PlayStation 2 (PS2) games console in UK shops would be tight before Christmas.
PalmSource to Extend Leadership in Phone Software With Acquisition &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUNNYVALE, Calif., Dec. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- PalmSource, Inc. (NASDAQ:PSRC), provider of Palm OS(R), a leading operating system powering next generation mobile devices and smartphones today announced 
Thompson Does Not Fear O #39;Neill Exit Celtic midfielder Alan Thompson insists fears Martin ONeill might have managed Celtic in Europe for the final time will prove unfounded.
High Court rules against Ecclestone in F1 case The High Court ruled on 6 December in favour of the three banks which own 75 per cent of F1 #39;s commercial rights being permitted to appoint directors to Formula One Holdings.
Redknapp appointed Southampton boss (AFP) AFP - Harry Redknapp was appointed manager of Premiership strugglers Southampton just two weeks after quitting their arch south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
Separation Makes Algeria, Morocco Bad Neighbors (Reuters) Reuters - They share the same language,\religion and culture but the dramatically different political\histories of Algeria and Morocco have bred mistrust and enmity.
Ukraine Parliament Votes for Sweeping Electoral Changes In the biggest shift, legislators gave themselves the power to elect the premier, removing that choice from the president.
Hold the Risotto, Make It Fried Rice When the renowned cookbook author Marcella Hazan comes to New York, Italian food is not uppermost on her mind  she eats Chinese.
Colgate-Palmolive to Cut 4,000 Jobs Description: Colgate-Palmolive says it will cut more than 4,000 jobs and close a third of its factories worldwide. The company plans to use the savings for advertising and new product development.
Court weighs wine shipping rules Rogue Valley wine shippers hope the US Supreme Court agrees with arguments presented Tuesday on behalf of small wineries. The high court was told state laws barring people from buying wine directly from out 
Apple Threatens Owner of iTunes Domain Apple has taken steps to take ownership of the iTunes.co.uk domain name from its current owner, with the company formally complaining to Nominet, the UK domain name registrar, that it is entitled to the domain.
Halo 2 heralds traffic explosion The growing popularity of online gaming could spell problems for net service firms, warns network monitoring company Sandvine. It issued the warning following analysis which shows that Traffic on the Xbox 
PalmSource to build Palm OS on Linux PalmSource is to create a new version of the Palm OS with Linux at its core, the company said today after announcing a plan to buy Chinese phone software company China MobileSoft (CMS #39;).
McCARTHY SLAMS HIS OWN  #39;STUPID #39; FANS South African international Benni McCarthy has criticised Porto fans who taunted two Chelsea players with racist chants during their Champions League clash.
For Petrino, all that #39;s at stake is his legacy So the slot machine stopped and flashed three cardinals. The University of Louisville is a winner. It gets to keep what it already possesses: football coach Bobby Petrino.
Vaughan misses the tour opener ENGLAND captain Michael Vaughan has decided to rest for the opening match of their South Africa tour against Nicky Oppenheimer #39;s XI in Randjesfontein today.
Rawlings Accuses Obasanjo of Interference Ghanaians went to the polls yesterday to elect a new President and members of Parliament with former President Jerry Rawlings accusing Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo of undue interference in the electoral process.
Merck #39;s Irrelevant Guidance The Whitehouse Station, NJ-based drug giant held its traditional yearly conference call announcing earnings guidance for next year.
CalPERS unveils managmement fees in settlement of open records &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The nation #39;s largest public pension fund has agreed to disclose more than \$200 million in annual money management fees to settle a lawsuit by a media coalition.
Gerrard aiming high Steven Gerrard insists he #39;ll not accept  quot;second best quot; by crashing out of the Champions League and into the Uefa Cup.
Red Bull tonic for David... David Coulthard is to test for the Red Bull Racing F1 team in Jerez, Spain, this week. He will join the team to drive the team #39;s 2004 car, the R5.
Gazprom gets go-ahead for Yukos Russian gas monopoly Gazprom gets government approval to make a bid for Yugansk, the main production arm of stricken oil firm Yukos.
Aetna Ends Magellan Mental Health Deal  CHICAGO  (Reuters) - Aetna Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AET.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AET.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  it will end its contract with Magellan Health Services &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGLN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGLN.O&lt;/A&gt;  for mental health coverage and bring those services in-house,  pushing shares of Magellan down about 3.5 percent.
Analysis: IBM adjusts to harsh PC market DECEMBER 08, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Perhaps it isn #39;t quite as surprising as if Ford suddenly decided to sell its Mustang sports car brand to Hyundai.
Goldman Cuts Wal-Mart Rating Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest retailer, suffered another blow to its star status on Wednesday when a leading US investment bank downgraded the company #39;s stock.
Iraqis Consider Extending Election Amid Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq may modify plans for its first\free election to give people more time to vote next month,\officials said Wednesday as suicide bombers and gunmen again\struck Sunni Muslim towns north and west of the capital.
Dual DVD, HD-DVD Disc Developed Memory-Tech will start mass production late next year of read-only discs that can contain data stored in both DVD and HD-DVDs (High Definition/High Density-DVDs) layers, a company executive says.
PalmSource buys into China, Linux com December 8, 2004, 7:53 AM PT. PalmSource, which makes software for mobile devices, said Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire China MobileSoft in a deal expected to expand the 
Oracle, Dell to boost grid standards Dell Inc. chairman Michael Dell announced a long-term partnership between his company and other hardware and software vendors to develop best practices in deploying a grid computing infrastructure.
Driver #39;s license gets new high-tech features Governor Pawlenty unveils a new Minnesota driver #39;s license today -- one that contains high-tech features. The new license includes a reflective image of a row of loons that seem to  quot;float quot; when viewed from different angles.
Porto #39;s desire is winning factor CHELSEA manager Jose Mourinho said Porto #39;s better motivation earned them a place in the next phase of the Champions League and sent the Londoners crashing to their first defeat of the competition.
US ; NBA Wrap: Nowitzki Leads Dallas Past Minnesota Dallas pulled away in the second half after leading by just four points at the half, out-rebounding the T-Wolves 54-35. Minnesota was without Latrell Sprewell, who was suspended for one game by the NBA for 
MLB Players Open to Changes in Steroids Testing (Reuters) Reuters - The Major League Baseball\Players Association announced Tuesday it would work toward a\new agreement with owners for tougher steroid testing.
Samarra sees repeated attacks, British defense minister visits &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents launched a string of assaults around the city of Samarra on Wednesday, trading gunfire with US forces, attacking a US convoy 
Ukraine's Opposition Sees Path to Victory  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Opposition hopeful Viktor  Yushchenko said Wednesday a parliamentary vote to root out  cheating in elections opened the way for him to win a re-run of  a rigged presidential poll.
N. Irish Deal Stalls Over IRA Arms Pictures  BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - A major push to seal  a political settlement for the turbulent British province of  Northern Ireland stalled at the last moment Wednesday over  demands for photographic evidence of IRA guerrillas scrapping  their arms.
IBM sells PC business to China BEIJING - Lenovo Group has agreed to pay US\$1.25 billion (\$1.75 billion) for IBM #39;s personal computer business, lifting China #39;s largest PC maker to third in global rankings and giving it a globally recognised brand.
Crude oil prices rise near US\$42 as traders await US data, OPEC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil prices rose Wednesday ahead of US petroleum inventory data and an OPEC meeting this week at which the group could decide on a production cut.
Yankees acquire new leadoff man The Yankees have found a new leadoff man, signing free-agent second baseman Tony Womack to a two-year contract, Sporting News has learned.
Peru Gunmen Seize Police Station The leader of a nationalist group that seized a remote police station, taking 10 police officers hostage, and later allegedly ambushed a police vehicle, killing four other officers, agreed Sunday to publicly lay down his weapons.
Survivors For a vacationing family, it's been only two weeks since leaving a wintry Washington for sunny Sri Lanka, but it seems like several lifetimes ago. During those two weeks, they have seen both paradise and hell, and a surrealistic netherworld in between.
Blair rejects tally of Iraq war dead Tony Blair has rejected a call for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq. The call came on Wednesday in an open letter to the 
Cardinals Re-Sign Morris The St. Louis Cardinals and pitcher Matt Morris agree to a one-year, \$2.5 contract.
Bank on course to freeze rates Experts expect the Bank of England to leave interest rates on hold at 4.75 on Thursday.
Oil Rebounds on Winter Supply Worries Oil prices jumped from a four-month low on Wednesday as slow growth in US heating fuel inventories heightened fears for tight winter supplies.
Branson Predicts Price War as Virgin Adds Sydney Flights Virgin will use Airbus A340-600 aircraft on the London-Sydney route, but plans to increase capacity by using Boeing 747s or adding a second daily service.
Update 3: Merck Slashes Its 2005 Estimates on Vioxx The withdrawal of painkiller Vioxx will reduce 2005 earnings of Merck  amp; Co. Inc. to between \$2.42 and \$2.52 a share, below the already diminished expectations of Wall Street analysts, the huge drug maker said Wednesday.
Update 1: Toro 4Q Profit Soars 23 Percent Lawnmower manufacturer Toro Co. on Wednesday said its profit grew 23 percent in the fourth quarter, helped by higher sales across all of its product segments and a surge in overseas demand.
Wal-Mart suffers another blow Goldman cuts No. 1 retailer #39;s rating to  quot;in-line quot; from  quot;outperform quot; on heels of weak November sales. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world #39;s biggest retailer, suffered another blow to its star 
Sirius falls after analyst says stock overvalued Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. (SIRI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell as much as 27 percent in early trading on Wednesday after an investment firm said the stock was overvalued 
Canadian Gold Doesn #39;t Glitter No news was good news for South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold Mining Company (NYSE: HMY) today. Over at rival and takeover target Gold Fields Limited (NYSE: GFI), a shareholder vote was held to endorse 
PalmSource to Acquire China MobileSoft, Develop for Linux PalmSource today announced entry into an agreement for the acquisition of China MobileSoft Limited (CMS), a leading Chinese mobile phone software company with business operations headquartered with its wholly-owned subsidiary, MobileSoft Technology 
Apple in cybersquatting fight over iTunes US computer giant Apple is locked in a cybersquatting battle with a 22-year-old London Internet whiz kid over the itunes.co.uk website, a domain the company wants for its chain of iTunes online music stores.
Dell, EMC, Intel and Oracle Line Up on the Grid Dell will provide an enterprise networked server infrastructure consisting of dual Intel Xeon and four-way Intel Itanium processor-based PowerEdge servers.
Chicken Genome Could Shed Light on Human DNA A new US study says about 60 of the genes in chickens are closely related to those found in humans. In fact, the recently deciphered chicken genome should prove a valuable tool for learning about the human 
NASA: Hubble Fix Pricey, Not Guaranteed Earlier this year, NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe nixed a final shuttle service mission to Hubble scheduled for mid-2006, saying it posed too much of a risk to the lives of astronauts.
Driver #39;s license gets new high-tech features Minnesota will soon begin issuing new driver #39;s licenses that contain high-tech features to curb counterfeiting, as well as a  quot;status check quot; that will show a driver #39;s immigration status.
Witness against Sharman switched sides One of the witnesses against Sharman Networks had at one time offered to be an expert witness for the company in the civil trial now taking place in Australia, according to Sharman #39;s attorney.
Microsoft in final testing on Windows Server 2003 SP1 The software was originally scheduled to ship by the end of the year, but in October Microsoft pushed the release date into the first half of 2005.
IOC Sets Up Disciplinary Commission To Investigate Jones Doping &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced Tuesday that IOC President Jacques Rogge has set up a Disciplinary Commission to investigate remarks on ABCs 20/20 Friday, made by Victor Conte, head of the California-based Balco laboratory, on ABC 
Red Bull Racing confirms David Coulthard to join team for testing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Red Bull Racing confirmed today that as part of the continued winter test programme, David Coulthard will join the team in Jerez (Spain) this week driving the 2004 car, the R5.
England openers lead victory charge Marcus Trescothick and Robert Key led England to a convincing eight-wicket victory in their first match of the South African tour.
Utah hires Whittingham to replace Meyer Utah defensive coordinator Kyle Whittingham was hired as the school #39;s football coach to replace Urban Meyer. Whittingham rejected an offer from rival BYU to take the Utes #39; job.
Prosecutor #39;s Announcement on Brawl Charges to Come Wednesday brings the next step for Pacers players and Piston fans facing disciplinary action following the melee in Detroit. Various news reports say a prosecutor in Detroit is expected to make a major announcement this afternoon.
Putin, Annan emphasize role played by UN in settling international &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW. Dec 8 (Interfax) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and UN Secretary General Kofi Annan have emphasized the unassailable central coordinating role played by the United Nations in resolving international 
US urges China to bring North Korea to talks The United States has urged China to work harder to persuade North Korea to return to talks over its nuclear weapons drive. US special envoy, Joseph DeTrani, has asked Beijing to step up efforts to bring Pyongyang 
148 unarmed Palestinians killed in West Bank in 2004: Israeli army The Israeli army said on Wednesday that a total of 148 unarmed Palestinians have been killed in the West Bank this year. A senior Israel Defense Forces (IDF) officer released 
Security in Sudan Deteriorating, UN Official Warns Throughout November violence in Sudan increased and there has been  quot;a marked deterioration quot; in Darfur, a senior UN official told the Security Council December 7. Undersecretary-General for Political Affairs 
Pope condemns Iraq church attacks Pope John Paul II has spoken out against attacks on Iraq #39;s Christian community after the bombing of two churches in the northern city of Mosul.
Oil Rebounds on Winter Supply Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices jumped from a four-month low  on Wednesday as slow growth in U.S. heating fuel inventories  heightened fears for tight winter supplies.
Stocks Rise; Healthcare Sector Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday, a day  after a sharp sell-off, as value investors picked up shares in  lagging sectors such as healthcare.
Mortgage Applications Up - MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home  mortgages rose last week as lower interest rates spurred  purchases, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Utah Hires Whittingham Defensive coordinator Kyle Whittingham replaces Urban Meyer as the new head coach at Utah on Wednesday.
WestJet Estimates Cut on Load Factor Woes  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Analysts chopped their fourth-quarter  profit estimates for WestJet Airlines Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WJA.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WJA.TO&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday and braced for turbulence in its share price, mainly  because of computer woes that hurt its online reservations  bookings.
Download Tonight's Perfume A Japanese firm pioneers a system to share fragrances over the internet.  Also: A Bollywood movie makes its debut on cell phones   hellip;. Merck smarting from Vioxx pull   hellip;. and more.
Milk shake-up as dairies merge A Scandinavian and a Dutch dairy announce plans to merge and create a co-operative of 21,000 farmers.
Global Hawk Costs Soar Cost overruns won't endanger Northrop Grumman's latest surveillance aircraft program, but federal budget cuts will likely hamper future defense contracts.
Enter your e-mail: If you #39;ve been a computer user for as long as I have, you still remember the day in 1981 when IBM introduced its first PC. It was far from the first personal computer, but it quickly reinvented an industry that was just beginning to take off.
Trip for Clean Water Kits Proves a Tortuous One By the time the first truckload of clean water solution reached the refugee camp in Desa Rueng Bakjok village on Sunday, about 50 of the 1,000 people living here on muddy ground under plastic tarps were suffering from dehydration and diarrhea.
Nomar Garciaparra Stays With Cubs Nomar Garciaparra stayed with the Chicago Cubs, Brad Radke remained with Minnesota and the New York Yankees looked ahead to deals with pitcher Jaret Wright and second baseman Tony 
India, Pakistan say need more talks on Kashmir bus India and Pakistan were unable to agree on starting a bus service between the capitals of divided Kashmir in two days of talks which ended in New Delhi on Wednesday and said they would need more discussions.
Leiter rejoins Marlins pitching corps MIAMI -- Pitcher Al Leiter has been high atop the Florida Marlins wish list for a while. Wednesday morning that wish came true at Pro Player Stadium during a conference call between team officials and the press.
NASD Warns of Risky Home-Equity Investing (Reuters) Reuters - Too many house-rich Americans are\borrowing money against their homes to play the stock market,\brokerages regulator NASD warned on Wednesday.
IBM sells PC business to Chinese group (KAAL) -- Last week it was announced that IBM might be selling part of it #39;s company, and now that appears to have happened. China #39;s biggest computer maker says it #39;s acquired a majority stake in IBM #39;s personal 
Colgate To Cut 4,400 Jobs For months, Colgate executives have been hinting that a restructuring was imminent. Still, the scope of the plan that has been unveiled is larger than many analysts had anticipated and is expected to cost \$550-\$650 million after taxes.
Merck Sees  #39;05 Earnings Decline, Stock Up Merck  amp; Co. Inc. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , reeling from the recent withdrawal of its Vioxx arthritis drug, on Wednesday said 2005 earnings will decline to 
Satellite radio competitors engaged in a star search The competition between the country #39;s two satellite radio companies began as a race to the stars, with each fighting to be the first to launch satellites into space.
Lilly Launches Clinical Trial Web Site Drug maker Eli Lilly and Co. reported Wednesday that it launched its clinical trial database Web site after announcing its intention to create the site in August.
Indian Movie to Debut on Cell Phones (AP) AP - An Indian cellular phone company plans to air a new Bollywood movie on mobile handsets for free and in full Thursday in a bid to promote its video-streaming service.
Bills' Campbell Out for Rest of Season (AP) AP - Bills tight end Mark Campbell will miss the rest of the season because of an injured right knee.
Eli Lilly Launches Online Clinical Trial Registry (Reuters) Reuters - Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co.  on\Wednesday said it will make clinical trial information\available online amid calls by lawmakers and physicians for\more disclosure of negative trial results.
2004 Was Year of Netsky Worm, Web Firm Sophos Says (Reuters) Reuters - Netsky-P, an email computer worm\allegedly written by a German teenager, was the hardest-hitting\virus of 2004, disrupting tens of thousands of businesses and\homes worldwide, Web security firm Sophos says.
Toshiba create dual layered DVD/HD DVD disc Toshiba has announced a dual layered disc that will playback both HD-DVD and DVD formats strengthing its offering in the battle of the next generation DVD formats.
PalmSource to Port Palm OS on top of Linux Palm OS 6.0 (Palm OS Cobalt) hasn #39;t even seen the light of day on any device yet, nor is there any sign it will soon. All the same, PalmSource is steering its unused OS 6.0 onto the Linux platform.
2004 Was Year of Netsky Worm, Web Firm Sophos Says Netsky-P, an email computer worm allegedly written by a German teenager, was the hardest-hitting virus of 2004, disrupting tens of thousands of businesses and homes worldwide, Web security firm Sophos says.
 #39;Human error #39; crashed DWP Human error caused the crash that left 80 per cent of staff without access to benefits payment processing systems at the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) last month, supplier EDS has acknowledged.
Wigley makes clean break from Southampton Wigley had been under intense pressure at St Marys since replacing Paul Sturrock at the start of the season, with his position as head coach being questioned in the wake of some poor form.
Marlins welcome back Leiter CBC SPORTS ONLINE - After spending the last seven seasons with the New York Mets, Al Leiter was feeling a little nostalgic. Leiter signed a one-year contract with the Florida Marlins, a team he helped lead to a World Series title in 1997.
Nomar could undoubtedly excel again So it is with Nomar Garciaparra, who, less than a year ago, was regarded as one of the top dozen or so players in the major leagues.
Delgado bears no grudges, but doesn #39;t think Jays made serious &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Carlos Delgado says he is leaving Toronto with no grudges, although the first baseman doesn #39;t think the Blue Jays did all they could to re-sign him.
Cheers Greet Rescuers in Aceh, Children Suffer  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - U.S. helicopters shuttled  injured refugees, many of them children, out of some of the  worst-hit parts of tsunami-devastated Aceh province, as reports  surfaced of trafficking in orphans from the disaster.
EU urges China to exert moderation after textile quotas end (AFP) AFP - The European Union called on China at a summit to rein in its textile exports after international quotas are scrapped next year.
IBM Data Reveals Rising Warranty Costs (PC World) PC World - Costs have increased steadily in recent years, causing some to wonder about quality.
Apple in Cybersquatting Fight Over ITunes Website (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. computer giant Apple  is\locked in a cybersquatting battle with a 22-year-old British\Internet whiz kid over the itunes.co.uk Web Site, a domain the\company wants for its chain of iTunes online music stores.
Players and Fans Expected to Face Charges in Brawl  DETROIT (Sports Network) - Five members of the Indiana  Pacers and five Detroit Pistons fans are expected to be charged  Wednesday in the November 19 brawl that took place at The  Palace of Auburn Hills.
Amazon Burning Makes Brazil a Leading Polluter (Reuters) Reuters - Burning of the Amazon and\other forests accounts for three quarters of Brazil's\greenhouse gas emissions and has made the country one of the\world's leading polluters, a long-delayed government report\showed on Wednesday.
Poll: Fla. Voters Had No Voting Problems (AP) AP - Most Florida voters had no problem casting a ballot on Election Day and many say they are confident their vote was counted correctly, a poll shows.
Nobel Winner Urges Tree Plantings; Peace Row Brews (Reuters) Reuters - Kenya's Wangari Maathai urged a fight\against deforestation on Wednesday on her arrival in Oslo to\collect the Nobel Peace Prize amid controversy about whether\the award has lost its way by embracing environmentalism.
Eli Lilly Launches Online Clinical Trial Registry Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it will make clinical trial information available online amid calls by lawmakers and physicians for more disclosure of negative trial results.
Pitcher Leiter Headed Back to South Florida  MIAMI (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins have signed  pitcher Al Leiter to a one-year contract, one day after the New  York Mets decided not to offer the lefthander arbitration.
Biotech Crops Said on Rise Around World (AP) AP - Biotech crops are flourishing in the United States, but they're also taking root across the globe, accounting for about  #36;44 billion in crops in five leading countries, according to a report Wednesday by an industry group.
Mitchell Switches Loyalties to Oklahoma (AP) AP - If not for a technicality, Oklahoma linebacker Lance Mitchell might've been lining up against the Sooners in the Orange Bowl instead of for them.
US pledges \$20m to Palestinians The US pledges \$20m to help Palestinians out of a financial crisis - a rare direct payment from Washington.
Like Jordan and Ruth, Hamm Has a Home in Sports Lore Mia Hamm, who will retire on Wednesday, influenced millions of people and represented the possibilities available to women after the passage of Title IX.
Iraqi Officials Consider Extending Voting Period Iraq's Independent Electoral Commission said on Wednesday it may consider holding next month's elections over an extended period, as Prime Minister Iyad Allawi had suggested.
London Bridge Software fined for using unlicensed software Debt recovery software outfit pays out 39,500
Wippit to gain over 1m major-label tracks Gets content from last-two-to-licence 'big four' recording firms
PalmSource to build Palm OS on Linux &lt;strong&gt;Update&lt;/strong&gt; Buys Chinese phone software firm to speed release
2004 Was Year of Netsky Worm, Web Firm Sophos Says  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Netsky-P, an email computer worm  allegedly written by a German teenager, was the hardest-hitting  virus of 2004, disrupting tens of thousands of businesses and  homes worldwide, Web security firm Sophos says.
Mosaid Says Court Denies Samsung Sanction Appeals  TORONTO (Reuters) - Mosaid Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSD.TO qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSD.TO&lt;/A&gt; said  on Wednesday that a judge has denied an appeal by Samsung  Electronics Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=005930.KS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;005930.KS&lt;/A&gt; of two remaining sanctions tied to  a patent infringement lawsuit.
IBM Gives Shanghai a Real Surprise It's like Big Blue realized everyone's secret dream: lose weight and make money at the same time. But its \$1.75 billion sale of its PC business to a Chinese company portends big changes for the international technology game board. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
French winemakers take to streets Winemakers worried by a slump in sales stage street protests calling on the French government for help.
Colgate to cut 4,400 jobs, close a third factories Colgate-Palmolive Co., the consumer products giant, will close a third of its factories and cut 4,400 jobs, or roughly 12 percent of its worldwide workforce, as part of a 
Luxury carmakers rev up profits STUTTGART - Despite signs of a global economic slowdown, two of Germany #39;s leading luxury carmakers - Porsche AG and BMW AG - have said they are off to a strong start to their new business years.
Mozilla #39;s e-Mail Client Thunderbird 1.0 Launched The Mozilla Foundation released the final version of Thunderbird 1.0, the standalone open source e-mail client application, which is available for public download.
Bush urges baseball to  quot;address ... serious problem quot; of steroids WHITE HOUSE President Bush is joining the chorus of those who want Major League Baseball to crack down on steroid use. Press Secretary Scott McClellan says the president is calling on baseball players and owners to  quot;address this serious problem.
Lehmann admits surprise at Arsenal axe Jens Lehmann is surprised to be considered only second choice goalkeeper at Arsenal Football Club. The German has lost his place in the Gunners line-up to Spaniard Manuel Almunia, following a string of errors between the posts.
Champions League: Group G review - Valencia crash out with Inter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spanish champions Valencia became the big casualties of Group G, as they crashed out of this year #39;s Champions League following their 2-0 defeat to Werder Bremen.
Malloy  #39;embarrassed #39; by move Notre Dame president Rev. Edward Malloy said on Wednesday that he was upset about how his university fired Irish football coach Tyrone Willingham last week.
Piturca back as Romania #39;s boss Bucharest, Romania (Sports Network) - Victor Piturca has been re-appointed as Romania #39;s national team coach. Piturca, 48, was fired four years ago after a dispute with Romania legend Gheorghe Hagi.
Bush Wants Baseball to Work Out Steroids Problem (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush wants Major League\Baseball management and players to come up with a tough\steroids testing program on their own and believes progress is\being made, his spokesman said on Wednesday.
EU signals movement on China arms ban THE HAGUE The European Union said Wednesday that it was not yet ready to lift its 15-year arms embargo on China amid concerns about human rights, but held out the prospect that the ban could be eased early next year.
Sharon offers calm in absence of Palestinian attacks Israeli PM says his country Israel will  #39;maintain calm #39; in absence of Palestinian militants attacks. JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Israel would  quot;maintain the calm quot; in the absence of attacks 
Lenovo reveals IBM warranty costs rising steadily In detailing its agreement to acquire IBM's personal computing division, China's Lenovo Group revealed data about growing warranty costs for Big Blue's PC business, and in doing so raised questions about quality control issues.
New set of Linux security flaws unveiled A security researcher has uncovered yet another set of security flaws in an image component, which could put Linux users at risk of system compromise if they view a maliciously crafted image.
IBM Data Reveals Rising Warranty Costs Costs have increased steadily in recent years, causing some to wonder about quality.
Analysis: IBM Adjusts to Harsh PC Market IBM's deal with Lenovo may signal a round of industry consolidation, analysts say.
ETFs and Falling Fund Fees The pricing pressure from ETFs is good news for index investors. But don't forget the brokerage fees.
IBM Discloses Details Of PC Business Sale Lenovo will pay \$1.75 billion for IBM #39;s PC business unit but will continue to use the IBM brand for five years. By Paul McDougall, and Darrell Dunn.
Ontario Teachers #39; Pension Plan buying Alliance Laundry Holdings &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Ontario Teachers #39; Pension Plan has signed an agreement to buy Alliance Laundry Holdings LLC, a US laundry equipment maker, in a deal worth \$450 million US.
Siebel Infuses SMBs with CRM Executives at Siebel Systems (Quote, Chart) said its competitors in the CRM (define) space aren #39;t doing enough to meet the needs of small- to medium-sized businesses (SMB).
Five Pacers Charged in Basketball Brawl (AP) AP - Five Indiana Pacers players were charged Wednesday for fighting with fans in the stands and on the court at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons last month.
BEA #39;s Devil of an App Server Unwilling to sit back and let Oracle (Quote, Chart) grab all of the attention this week, BEA Systems (Quote, Chart) said a beta of its new application server, WebLogic Server 9.0, will be available for download next week.
Intel sheds light on 2005 desktop strategy DECEMBER 07, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Intel Corp. #39;s products for the digital home and digital office in 2005 will give consumers and IT managers more capabilities than just raw performance, and the company plans to highlight those products as it did with 
IMLogic Leads Group into IM Malware Battle Most e-mail users are aware that opening an executable file (.exe) from an unknown source is a danger, but many don #39;t know what an IM threat looks like.
Bunning: We may need to tackle steroids US Sen. Jim Bunning said Tuesday night that he expects Congress to have to get involved to resolve Major League Baseball #39;s steroid crisis.
Flashes #39; fifth win in a row breaks Creighton #39;s streak Kent, OH (U-WIRE) -- Point guard DeAndre Haynes scored 13 points and added 11 assists as Kent State gave Creighton its first loss of the season, 67-58, in Omaha, Neb.
Car bomb blast hits US convoy in Samarra, four killed A car bomb exploded at a US convoy in the northern Iraqi city of Samarra, killing at least four Iraqis and wounding many others, police said on Wednesday.
Update 8: Oil Prices Rise on Heating Oil Concerns Crude oil futures prices rose Wednesday because of lingering concerns about heating oil supplies and fears that OPEC could rein in output when it meets later this week.
China oil chief arrested in trading scandal China Aviation Oil chief executive, Chen Jiu-lin, has been arrested in Singapore in connection with an alleged 550-million-US-dollar trading scandal, involving his company.
Eli Lilly Bares All Given recent furor regarding clinical trials of pharmaceuticals, Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY) has unveiled a Web site that will post clinical trial results, according to The Wall Street Journal.
This Genome Is Fowl Researchers have sequenced the genome of the red jungle fowl, an early version of what we know today as the chicken, giving scientists new insight to many human diseases and possibly avian flu.
Palm OS goes Linux Mobile device OS maker PalmSource sets out to acquire software house China MobileSoft, hinting of a Linux-based version of Palm OS being in the works.
AMD Joins Push for Cooler, More Efficient Server Room Advanced Micro Devices Inc. #39;s announcement that its new PowerNow technology will be available on its Opteron line of processors could mean a lot to some enterprise customers.
Redknapp Planning Portsmouth Raid Harry Redknapp maintained his conscience was clear today following his decision to join Southampton just two weeks after leaving south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
EU to Work toward Ending China Arms Ban At an EU-China Summit on Wednesday, the EU said now was not the time to lift its arms embargo on China. However, EU leaders held out the prospect of ending the ban perhaps next year, despite opposition from the US.
US, North Korean officials meet at UN US officials met twice last week with North Korean officials in New York to tell them the US was ready to resume nuclear negotiations and wanted to resolve the issue diplomatically, State Department spokesman Adam Ereli said.
UN Investigating Reports of Rwandan Violations in Congo The UN mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo is investigating reports that Rwandan soldiers were responsible for violations of human rights in the east of the country last month.
Ghana Waits for Official Results from Tuesday #39;s Election People in Ghana are closely following the vote counting after Tuesday #39;s election, with final results expected late Wednesday. After waiting patiently in line Tuesday to cast votes in their fourth consecutive 
Cavs' Traylor Out With Broken Finger (AP) AP - Cavaliers forward Robert Traylor will miss three to four weeks after breaking his left pinkie against the New Jersey Nets.
Aligning Interests? Yeah, Right. Cisco's employees apparently can't sell their stock options fast enough. Suits the company just fine.
Circuit City's Sales Short-Circuit The company reports a decline in same-store sales for the third quarter.
Eli Lilly Bares All In the spirit of full disclosure, the Big Pharma company publishes clinical trial results online.
S. America creates single market Presidents and officials of 12 South American countries are meeting in Peru to create an economic and political community.
IBM to customers: Expect business as usual IBM may be selling its PC business, but it #39;s working hard to keep its PC customers. Still, competitors Dell, Hewlett-Packard and others are likely to come knocking in an attempt to pick off nervous customers 
Kidde Opens Books to United Technologies Kidde PLC, a British fire and safety equipment maker, agreed Wednesday to open its books to United Technologies Corp. after receiving a new takeover offer from the US engineering giant.
New DVD Format Being Marketed One layer of the new disk is in standard DVD format, while the other layer will be in the HD DVD format. Such a combination lets film studios put a movie in DVD format on one side and, on the other, in HD DVD format.
Apple having problems getting iTunes.co.uk It has been quiet sometime since we heard news related to domain name issues. Microsoft recently had some with a kid named Mike Rowe who opened up a site MikeRoweSoft.
Experts Urge People to Unplug Occasionally (AP) AP - Katie Achille grew up with the Internet. She was 9 when she first tapped into it  #151; and quickly became an avid e-mailer, Web surfer and sender of instant messages. But when recent computer troubles left her without regular Web access, something unexpected happened: To her surprise, she suddenly felt free.
Crossing the great divide Before Harry Redknapp had even been officially unveiled as the new Southampton manager, the first emotive pot shots that invariably accompany the bridging of entrenched football divides had been fired.
IBM Gives Shanghai a Real Surprise (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - IBM's decision to sell its personal computer business to China-based Lenovo gives the world's third-largest nation the distinction of housing what will soon be the world's third-largest PC maker. On a deeper level, the deal also marks a changing of the guard in the PC business and rearranges the game board for rivals Dell and Hewlett-Packard.
Malone vows not to return to NBA Lakers (AFP) AFP - Add Karl Malone to the list of talent leaving the Los Angeles Lakers because of Kobe Bryant.
Online Music Store Wippit Signs Universal, Warner (Reuters) Reuters - European digital music service Wippit\has signed a deal to license the catalogs of Universal Music\and Warner Music, enabling its customers to download songs from\all of the four major labels.
Best Buy Improves Its Supply Chain View (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Retailer Best Buy turns to i2's chain management/logistics software in the hopes of gaining more timely visibility into business operations on both the purchasing and logistics sides.
Pioneer IBM's exit from PC business seen as turning point (AFP) AFP - IBM's deal to sell its personal computer business to China's Lenovo, a move likely to reshape the industry, signals the PC has evolved into a mass consumer item with little profit, analysts say.
New GameSpy terms threaten Mac to PC online gaming (MacCentral) MacCentral - New software licensing fees dictated by GameSpy Industries Inc. may make it impossible for Mac game publishers to let their forthcoming games play against their PC counterparts. GameSpy's licensing fees have increased by a factor of five to ten in recent months, an amount that Mac game publishers say is unreasonable to expect them to pay.
Scientists Find Gene Clue in Hunt for AIDS Vaccine (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists said Wednesday they have\identified key genes involved in the body's response to HIV,\which causes AIDS -- a finding that could narrow the search for\an effective vaccine against the deadly illness.
Could Dry Quicksand Explain Desert Disappearances? (Reuters) Reuters - Could people and vehicles that have\mysteriously vanished in the desert have been swallowed up by\shifting sands?
Chicken Genome Should Boost DNA Research (AP) AP - Here's something to ponder when you bite into your next chicken wing: A new study says about 60 percent of the genes in the critter you're eating have close cousins in your own DNA.
Continental Refutes Report of Charges (AP) AP - Continental Airlines Inc. said Wednesday it was "outraged" at reports that French authorities want to prosecute the airline and several employees over the Concorde crash that killed 113 people in Paris four years ago.
Digital cameras aid Jessops sales Specialist retailer Jessops says the popularity of digital cameras has helped to boost its profits.
Jay-Z to Head Def Jam Recordings Label, Executives Say Rap star Jay-Z, who has little corporate experience, will become the chief executive for one of Universal's biggest divisions.
Indian minister says IT outsourcing raked in \$12.5 billion Indian officials today disclosed details on revenues from IT outsourcing for the last year.\
Battle over Website Address An internet entrepreneur today claimed he was fighting a David versus Goliath battle with computer giant Apple over the ownership of a website address.
NASA #39;s Longest-Serving Astronaut to Retire The longest serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded the first space shuttle mission, has announced his retirement after 42 years at NASA.
Industry Group Urges Bush To Address Cybersecurity A group representing the cybersecurity industry has called for the White House to show  quot;greater leadership quot; in guarding the nation #39;s computer infrastructure from attacks by hackers and viruses 
Cricket: Key unlocks Oppenheimer XI attack in England romp RANDJESFONTEIN, South Africa : Stand-in captain Marcus Trescothick and the hard-hitting Robert Key took England to a comfortable win in the opening match of their South African tour against a Nicky Oppenheimer XI at the NFO private ground north of 
Petrino Named Coach of the Year; LeFors and Brohm Also Earn &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Louisville, Ky. - Head coach Bobby Petrino, who has guided the University of Louisville to a No. 7 national ranking, has been tabbed as the Conference USA coach of the Year, while senior quarterback Stefan 
Toro Earnings Rise; Dividend Doubled (Reuters) Reuters - Lawn-care equipment maker Toro Co. on\Wednesday reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings\and doubled its dividend, citing increased sales and cost\controls.
Treasuries Up, Indirect Bidders Buy Big (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices built on early\gains on Wednesday after an auction of five-year debt drew\surprisingly strong demand from indirect bidders, which include\foreign central banks.
GM: See Red, Save Green;  #36;7,500 Cash Back (Reuters) Reuters - General Motors Corp.  will offer\cash rebates as high as  #36;7,500 on some 2004 models in its new\"Red Tag" incentive program to be launched on Dec. 10 in an\effort to boost sales after two disappointing months, dealers\said on Wednesday.
U.S. Officials Raid Stores, Arrest 2 in Game Piracy  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Federal authorities raided three  Washington, D.C.-area video game stores and arrested two people  for modifying video game consoles to play pirated video games,  a video game industry group said on Wednesday.
Jerez Testing, Day 1, 08/12/04 A dry day in Jerez saw team drivers Giancarlo Fisichella and Franck Montagny conducting tyre development for Michelin.
Liberty Hires Coyle The New York Liberty bring former interim coach Pat Coyle on as their head coach on Wednesday.
Lufthansa reaches wages agreement German airline Lufthansa reaches a deal with unions on pay and working hours for its ground staff.
Foodland says don #39;t sell Australasian grocer Foodland Associated which owns major chains in New Zealand says the hostile takeover bid by rival Metcash is complex and risky, and is urging shareholders not to act on the \$920 million bid.
Dealers: GM  #39;Red Tag #39; deals up to \$7,500 Dealers describe General Motors #39; new incentive program which puts no-haggle prices on special tags. DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp.
UPDATE 2-Dynegy cuts 2004 profit view, shares slide Electricity wholesaler Dynegy Inc. (DYN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday slashed its 2004 profit forecast and said it expects a loss next year due to costs 
Ontario fund buying Alliance Laundry for \$450 mln Alliance Laundry Holdings, a commercial laundry equipment manufacturer, said its controlling shareholder Bain Capital agreed to sell the company to Teachers #39; Private Capital for about \$450 million.
Merck guides to lower-than-expected 2005 earnings NEW YORK, December 8 (newratings.com) - Merck  amp; Co (MRK.NYS) has guided to lower-than-expected 2005 earnings due to the withdrawal of its blockbuster arthritis drug, Vioxx, and increased generic competition for its cholesterol drug, Zocor.
Mars Was Wet, Studies Say, But Was It Inhabited? Scientists say there is no doubt that abundant water once soaked Mars. Now the big question is whether the red planet ever supported life. Some experts say the early signs are promising.
Pompeii Worms: Hottest Bodies on Earth? Perhaps the most heat-tolerant complex organism on Earth, Pompeii worms burrow into the sides of hydrothermal vents found deep in the Pacific Ocean. Scientists aim to learn how the worms survive their hellish home.
Mozilla Launches Thunderbird E-Mail Client A spokesperson for Mozilla said that Thunderbird is another milestone in cooperation between hundreds of open-source community volunteers.
PalmSource Embraces Linux Through China Buy NEW YORK - PalmSource #39;s planned acquisition of China MobileSoft signals its desire to expand its presence in Asian markets, as well as to produce a new, Linux-based version of its handheld operating system.
Panel: Astronauts Should Rescue Hubble This image taken by NASA #39;s Hubble Space telescope, and released Thursday Aug. 12, 2004, shows nebula N44F, which, at left, is being inflated by a stellar wind, creating an interstellar bubble.
Scientists Complete Chicken Genome There #39;s quite a bit of clucking going on at Michigan State University: they have just sequenced the genome of a chicken. That #39;s a first for birds and agricultural animals 
Oldest Astronaut John Young Retiring While on the moon, John Young drove a motorized rover 16 miles and spent three nights on the lunar surface. He is the only person to go into space as part of the Gemini, Apollo and shuttle programs and was 
Cyber-Security Group Pushes 12-Point Plan On White House A policy and advocacy group called on the Bush administration Tuesday to put more muscle behind cyber-security, and urged the White House to act on a dozen proposals and recommendations to protect the country #39;s technology infrastructure.
Tech Leaders Converge To Form Project MegaGrid Project MegaGrid has a mega-goal, but analysts said it is also an achievable one. Rob Enderle, principal analyst at the Enderle Group, said that whenever world-class players come together 
Repair processes still up in air for May liftoff NASA managers said on Monday that neither money or time would ease the requirements to repair the space shuttle on-orbit for the first launch since the Columbia tragedy.
The Complete Guide to iPod photo Pictures If you #39;re reading this, you either have a brand new iPod photo or are thinking about getting one. In either case, you #39;re probably excited about carrying your entire digital photo 
Cap Harnesses Human Thought to Move PC Cursor Scientists say they have developed a non-invasive, brain-computer interface that enables a person to move a cursor across a computer screen just by thinking about it.
Dollar Rallies Against Major Currencies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rocketed higher on  Wednesday as investors took a break from worrying about the  U.S. current account deficit and focused on relative interest  rates, which increasingly were expected to favor the dollar.
Birding Column: Scrub Jays' Peanut Feeding Frenzy Birdman of Bel Air Michael Tekulsky shares stories about the feeding habits of scrub jays, birds that will voraciously dine on acorns, peanuts, bread, cheese #151;even tortilla chips.
Leiter returns to Marlins By TIM REYNOLDS AP Sports Writer. in New Jersey as a Mets fan. I #39;m taking away my experience as positive. #39; #39;. Burnett, plus left-hander Dontrelle Willis.
Cavs activate Scott Williams from injured list Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers activated forward/center Scott Williams from the injured list on Wednesday.
Closer, left fielder among most pressing needs Chicago Cubs general manager Jim Hendry got most of his holiday shopping done before the Winter Meetings this weekend in Anaheim. The Cubs signed Nomar Garciaparra and 
Is Asian Bird Flu the Next Pandemic? Most health experts agree that Asian bird flu poses a grave danger and will likely spread unless urgent steps are taken. But some virologists caution that alarmist warnings could harm preparedness plans.
Toro Earnings Rise; Dividend Doubled  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lawn-care equipment maker Toro Co. on  Wednesday reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings  and doubled its dividend, citing increased sales and cost  controls.
Hoon visits British troops in Iraq British Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon visited his country #39;s troops in Iraq today and said he saw no reason to delay next month #39;s elections as preparations are on track.
Pakistan, India for early Kashmir bus service ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India on Wednesday reiterated their commitment towards an early establishment of the proposed Kashmir bus service, a joint statement said.
Action Update: Nov. 22 - Dec. 5, 2004 US Gen. Peter Pace, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, visited Kabul on Nov. 22 and reiterated that the United States will continue to search for al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden.
AutoZone Earnings Edge Higher  CHICAGO (Reuters) - AutoZone Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZO.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  auto parts retailer, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings rose  less than 1 percent as high gas prices made customers choose  between paying for fuel or preventive maintenance.
GM: See Red, Save Green; \$7,500 Cash Back  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will offer  cash rebates as high as \$7,500 on some 2004 models in its new  "Red Tag" incentive program to be launched on Dec. 10 in an  effort to boost sales after two disappointing months, dealers  said on Wednesday.
NYSE Bans First Specialist in Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Stock Exchange on  Wednesday said it permanently barred a former Van der Moolen  Specialists USA &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VDMN.AS target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VDMN.AS&lt;/A&gt; trader, the first individual to be  punished as part of a broader probe by regulators into NYSE  floor-trading abuses.
U.S. Senator Says Dollar Slide Worrying  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top Democratic senator on  Wednesday said lawmakers were concerned about a slide in the  value of the dollar and urged the Bush administration to step  up pressure on China to move to a more flexible exchange rate.
Jawa in Jersey May the Force be with Mike Degirolamo when he goes up against the city council of Gloucester Township, N.J. Missing Links
Chinese Banks to Offer American Credit Cards Two major state-run Chinese banks on Wednesday announced plans to roll out American credit cards, including the country's first dual-currency American Express Card.
Jay-Z to Head Def Jam Recordings Label Rap star Jay-Z, who has little corporate experience, will become the chief executive for one of Universal's biggest divisions.
IBM's Win-Win in Exiting PCs IBM is exiting the PC business, but it -- along with some PC competitors -- should benefit.
Five Pacers charged in basketball brawl DETROIT - Five Indiana Pacers players were charged today with assault and battery in a brawl that broke out on the court last month and spilled into the stands at The Palace of Auburn Hills.
Sports briefs for December 8, 2004 It was the interviews made by Victor Conte, head of the BALCO lab in California, that led International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge to set up a disciplinary commission to investigate accusations Marion Jones used performance-enhancing drugs 
Map of chicken DNA key to genetic comparisons LONDON - Scientists have identified the one billion letters of the DNA code in chickens, a step they say could help them better understand our own biology and lead to better breeds for farmers.
PalmSource to buy China MobileSoft PalmSource entered in an agreement with a major Chinese mobile phone software company China MobileSoft Limited (CMS) to acquire its operations.
Sony Taps nVidia for  #39;Cell #39; Console Graphics Dean McCarron of Mercury Research said console designers are focusing on multicore, multi-threading technology that can allow multiple programs to run efficiently at the same time.
Group Calls on Feds To Bolster Cyber Security The Cyber Security Alliance has outlined a 12-point plan for the US government to take a more proactive role in ensuring cyber security.
Harry Redknapp is new Saints boss The former Portsmouth boss has been signed up to the Saints for 18 months, replacing Steve Wigley, who has decided to leave the club.
Coulthard #39;s back in action Pedro de la Rosa may have destroyed the competition on the second day of testing at Jerez, but it was David Coulthard who captured the headlines making his Red Bull Racing debut.
UEFA to investigate behaviour at Valencia versus Werder NYON, Dec 8 (SW) - The European governing body UEFA will be investigating both Valencia CF and Werder Bremen, following the clash between these two teams at Mestalla stadium on Tuesday.
Colts bring in Gramatica as kickoff specialist Gramatica replaces Jason Baker, whose locker was empty Wednesday. The Colts have not yet officially announced how they made room on the roster for Gramatica.
Winter Meetings checklist The offseason didn #39;t just start, even if you #39;re beginning to detect the first signs of life from Toronto. The Blue Jays have been lying low until this point, waiting 
British minister sees Iraq vote on schedule British Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon, who visited troops in Iraq today, said he saw no reason to delay next month #39;s election as preparations are on track.
UN Investigating Reports of Rwandan Rights Violations in Congo The UN mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo is investigating reports that Rwandan soldiers were responsible for violations of human rights in the east of the country last month.
Indonesia urges OPEC to raise benchmark price Indonesia is likely to ask the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) during its scheduled meeting later this week to revise upward its crude oil price band so 
Justices wade into wine sales Doug LaVelle, owner of Elmira-based LaVelle Vineyards, says his winery and customers would benefit tremendously if he could ship wine directly to consumers in all 50 states.
Rangers sign C Alomar Six-time All-Star catcher Sandy Alomar Jr. signed a \$550,000 contract Wednesday with the Texas Rangers to be a part-time player next season.
Treasuries Up, Indirect Bidders Buy Big  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices built on early  gains on Wednesday after an auction of five-year debt drew  surprisingly strong demand from indirect bidders, which include  foreign central banks.
N. Ireland peace deal left undone, Blair and Ahern admit BELFAST : The British and Irish leaders conceded that their plan to restore power-sharing government to Northern Ireland was  #39;incomplete #39; but stressed that a definitive peace deal hinged on the sole dispute over how to carry out IRA disarmament.
Iraqis May Extend Election Amid Violence  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq may modify plans for its first  free election to give people more time to vote next month,  officials said Wednesday as suicide bombers and gunmen again  struck Sunni Muslim towns north and west of the capital.
Oil Firms After Touching Four-Month Low  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices firmed after touching a  four-month low on Wednesday, as a government report showing  that U.S. supplies of heating oil rose only slightly last week  kept dealers on edge ahead of Friday's OPEC meeting.
Stocks Rise as Merck Shares Help Lift Dow  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks traded higher on  Wednesday, with shares of drugmaker Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; helping  to boost the Dow after its 2005 forecast offered relief to some  investors on Wall Street.
Sirius stock plunges on downgrades Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. tumbled after two analysts issued downgrades, calling the stock overvalued. Sirius #39;s stock had nearly tripled in value since October, boosted by the company #39;s inking a 
Pfizer Reports Positive Trial Results Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. said Wednesday that a long-term study of its Norvasc blood pressure treatment in patients with other heart disease risks was stopped early because of the drug #39;s significant benefits.
Apple Tries to Take Out iTunes.co.uk Apple Computers is attempting to nab the domain www.itunes.co.uk from a British entrepreneur in a true David vs. Goliath battle. Benjamin Cohen registered his domain in 2000 for a music search engine called CyberBritain.
Five Pacers Hit with Criminal Charges for Brawl Five Indiana Pacers, including NBA All-Star Ron Artest, were charged with assault and battery on Wednesday for their role in what authorities described as one of the worst brawls in US sports history.
Gilly puts NZ to sword After Gilchrist was dismissed yesterday Australia continued to plough along at more than 6 runs an over, at least until the mini collapse halfway through the innings, anyway, but even until then the innings failed to sustain the don #39;t-stop-watching-in 
White Sox sign Hermanson to two-year deal The Chicago White Sox have come to terms on a two-year, \$5.5 million contract with pitcher Dustin Hermanson. He will earn \$2 million in 2005 and \$3 million in 2006, with the club holding an option for 2007 at \$3.5 million.
Soccer player loses finger on fence A Portuguese soccer player lost a finger when he caught his wedding ring on a fence while celebrating a goal for his Swiss team. Paolo Diogo was injured after his late goal put Servette ahead 4-1 Sunday against Schaffhausen.
How did rape become a weapon of war? Women #39;s bodies have become part of the terrain of conflict, according to a new report by Amnesty International. Rape and sexual abuse are not just a by-product of war but are used as a deliberate military strategy, it says.
Russia #39;s Upper House Passes Bill Tightening Putin #39;s Grip on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russia #39;s upper house of parliament has approved President Vladimir Putin #39;s controversial plan to end direct elections to choose regional governors, and allow the Kremlin to appoint them instead.
Snow to Stay at Treasury President Bush asked Treasury Secretary John Snow on Wednesday to stay in his administration, and Snow agreed, keeping a key member of Bush's economic team in place.
Pricey Gas Stalls AutoZone The retailer posts a flat first quarter, claiming high gas prices affect consumers' car budgets.
Pricey Gas Stalls AutoZone High gas prices are a tough obstacle for most businesses, and the auto parts retail business is no exception. AutoZone (NYSE: AZO), the largest of the auto parts retailers, said this morning 
Online Research Worries Many Educators (AP) AP - Go to Google, search and scroll results, click and copy. When students do research online these days, many educators worry, those are often about the only steps they take. If they can avoid a trip to the library at all, many students gladly will.
Apple tangles with owner of itunes.co.uk UK-based Internet entrepreneur Benjamin Cohen says that he got an unexpected shock last month after he checked his voicemail and heard a lawyer representing Apple Computer Inc.
Marino Doesn't See Return to Dolphins Soon (AP) AP - Dan Marino misses being part of the Miami Dolphins, yet does not see a scenario where he'd soon consider returning to the team's front office.
Five players among 10 men facing assault charges in NBA brawl (AFP) AFP - Prosecutors issued assault and battery charges against five National Basketball Association players and five spectators who fought in a November 19 brawl.
Romania ends negotiations to join EU (AFP) AFP - Romanian Foreign Minister Mircea Geoana said his country had completed its negotiations to join the European Union in 2007.
Lieber Agrees to 3-Year Deal With Phillies (AP) AP - Right-hander Jon Lieber agreed to a  #36;21-million, three-year contract with the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday, rounding out a revamped starting rotation.
Samarra sees repeated attacks BAGHDAD, Dec. 8. - Insurgents launched a string of assaults around Samarra today, trading gunfire with US forces, attacking a convoy, and blowing up a police station after looting its armoury, officials said.
Law enforcement, top tech firms join to halt online "phishing" scams (AFP) AFP - A coalition of Internet and finance firms along with law enforcement agencies was launched in a bid to halt the growing number of online scams that lure consumers to fake websites to obtain personal and financial data.
Air India Board Approves Boeing Purchase (AP) AP - The board of Air India's charter airplane operation has approved a plan to acquire 18 Boeing airplanes in a deal that could be worth more than  #36;1 billion at list prices.
U.S. Officials Raid Stores, Arrest 2 in Game Piracy (Reuters) Reuters - Federal authorities raided three\Washington, D.C.-area video game stores and arrested two people\for modifying video game consoles to play pirated video games,\a video game industry group said on Wednesday.
Russia's VimpelCom faces  #36;158m tax bill (FT.com) FT.com - Russian authorities on Wednesday claimed  #36;158m in back taxes from VimpelCom, the country's second-largest mobile phone company, raising fears of spreading political interference in private business.
Mozilla Releases Thunderbird 1.0 E-Mail Client (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The open source Mozilla Foundation has released Thunderbird 1.0, an e-mail client, as a follow-up to last month's much-discussed debut of the group's Firefox 1.0 browser.
Tech Firms Partner on Instant Messaging Threat Center (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IMlogic, a Waltham, Massachusetts-based firm, has partnered with McAfee, Sybari and AOL to establish an instant message and P2P threat center that will detect the spread of viruses, worms and other malware aimed at these online channels.
Apple tangles with owner of itunes.co.uk (MacCentral) MacCentral - U.K.-based Internet entrepreneur Benjamin Cohen says that he got an unexpected shock last month after he checked his voicemail and heard a lawyer representing Apple Computer Inc. telling him to hand over his Web site domain, itunes.co.uk. Apple alleges that Cohen's CyberBritain Holdings Ltd is a "cybersquatter" just sitting on the domain hoping for a big settlement; Cohen denies the allegation.
Scientists Crack Chicken's Genetic Code (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists have cracked the genetic code\of the chicken, showing it shares about 60 percent of its genes\with humans and has a common ancestor that lived about 310\million years ago.
Strange-Voiced Whale at Large in the Ocean -Study (Reuters) Reuters - A lone whale, with a voice unlike any\other, has been wandering the Pacific for the past 12 years,\American marine biologists said Wednesday.
U.S. Defers Energy Leasing Near Cliff Dwellings (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Bureau of Land Management's\Utah state office said on Wednesday it is deferring an auction\this week of oil and natural gas leases near the Hovenweep
Doctors Probe: Was Yushchenko Poisoned?  VIENNA (Reuters) - Poisoning remains one of the  possibilities behind Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor  Yushchenko's illness during election campaigning, Medical  experts investigating his ailments said on Wednesday.
Report: NASA Should Use Space Shuttle to Service Hubble (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A report from National Academy of \Sciences released today recommends that NASA scrap plans to service the Hubble \Space Telescope (HST) robotically and instead use a space shuttle to get the job \done as originally planned.
Volcanic Activity Possible on Object Beyond Neptune (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A large planet-like object out in the realm of Pluto shows signs of either a relatively recent collision or perhaps volcanic activity, astronomers said today.
Amazon Burning Makes Brazil a Leading Polluter  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Burning of the Amazon and  other forests accounts for three quarters of Brazil's  greenhouse gas emissions and has made the country one of the  world's leading polluters, a long-delayed government report  showed on Wednesday.
Armstrong Ponders Tour Six-time Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong will decide in May whether he will return to defend his title in 2005.
Senate Expected to Approve Bill Overhauling Intelligence Today As debate in the G.O.P.-controlled Senate opened, the chamber's leaders predicted the bill would easily pass.
Dollar Gets a Reprieve From Its Steep Losses Traders expect the dollar's rebound to be short-lived because of persistent concerns about the United States' huge trade and budget deficits.
Nortel to Release Delayed Financial Results The telecommunications equipment maker, mired in accounting irregularities, has missed three self-imposed deadlines for correcting its financial reporting.
Study: Companies struggle to capture business processes When software projects go bad, the results can be disastrous. Every few months, a new horror story pops into the headlines -- like Hewlett-Packard Co.'s recent, flawed SAP deployment. The company had done dozens of smooth ERP (enterprise resource planning) migration projects, but when its latest ran into problems, the cascading disruptions contributed to HP missing its third-quarter financial projections.
Oracle working on database development tool SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle is working on a tool to provide a complete life cycle for building, managing, and updating database applications, a company executive revealed at the Oracle OpenWorld conference here on Wednesday morning.
Siebel creates cheaper, SMB software version Siebel Systemshas quietly introduced a version of its CRM (customer relationship management) sales software tailored for midmarket companies.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
GM beefs up incentives after disappointing November sales General Motors Corp., coming off a disappointing November sales period and battling to regain US market share, will launch a new promotion Friday that includes cash bonuses on many new models in addition to incentives already available.
Snow to Stay as U.S. Treasury Secretary (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Wednesday asked\Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow agreed\to do so, the White House said, ending weeks of speculation.
Hollywood allies sue DVD jukebox maker A Hollywood-backed technology group is suing a high-end home theater system company, contending that its home DVD jukebox technology is illegal.
Hermanson accepts White Sox deal CHICAGO The Chicago White Sox have worked out a two-year, five and a-half (m) million-dollar contract with pitcher Dustin Hermanson.
Phillies sign Lieber to three-year, \$21 million deal The Philadelphia Phillies made a move to bolster their starting rotation by signing free agent righthander Jon Lieber to a three-year, \$21 million contract on Wednesday.
Rahal to have 3 cars Rahal Letterman Racing will be a three-car team in the Indy Racing League #39;s 2005 season when team officials confirm Buddy Rice, Vitor Meira and newcomer Danica Patrick on Wednesday.
Dollar Rallies, Focus on Interest Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied on Wednesday as  investors focused on relative interest rates, which  increasingly were expected to favor the dollar, and reversed  some bets against the currency.
Snow to Stay as U.S. Treasury Secretary  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Wednesday asked  Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow agreed  to do so, the White House said, ending weeks of speculation.
Merck Sees Less Profit in '05, Shares Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. Inc., reeling from the  recent withdrawal of its Vioxx arthritis drug, on Wednesday  said 2005 earnings will decline to levels below Wall Street  expectations, the third straight year of lower results.
WestJet Estimates Cut on Load Factor Woes  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Analysts chopped their fourth-quarter  profit estimates for WestJet Airlines Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WJA.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WJA.TO&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday and warned of turbulence in its share price, mainly  because of computer woes that hurt its online bookings.
Sprint Sinks \$3 Billion into Wireless Network  quot;Mobile operators are rolling these things out because they have nothing better to do, quot; said Ken Dulaney, Gartner #39;s vice president of mobile computing.
Panel Urges Funds for Energy Security US energy policy over the long term will require new nuclear power plants, cleaner coal and cars that get more miles per gallon, experts said Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Ontario fund buying Alliance Laundry for \$450 mln Alliance Laundry Holdings, a commercial laundry equipment manufacturer, on Wednesday said its private equity owners agreed to sell the company to Teachers #39; Private Capital for about \$450 million.
DVD technology faces legal test The DVD Copy Control Association, the group that owns the copy-protection technology contained on DVDs, said a company called Kaleidescape is offering products that illegally make copies of DVDs.
Charges filed in Pacer-Pistons brawl Ten people, five Pacers and five Pistons fans, have been charged with misdemeanor assault in the one of the worst brawls in US sports history.
New curling event in store for 2010 Olympics? CBC SPORTS ONLINE - There could be more curling medals handed out at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, if a World Curling Federation proposal is accepted.
Armstrong to decide in May on Tour de France Lance Armstrong will decide in May whether he will race in this summer #39;s Tour de France, which he has won the last six years. He said in Wednesday #39;s Austin American-Statesman he will ride for another two years 
Russian Parliament OKs Election Bill (AP) AP - President Vladimir Putin's plan to end the election of governors by popular vote passed its final hurdle Wednesday, when the Russian parliament's upper chamber approved the bill.
UN Members Back Annan with Lengthy Standing Ovation UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan received an unusual standing ovation in the 191-nation General Assembly on Wednesday following calls for his resignation from conservative US lawmakers.
Prairie farmers reap poor quality grain after cold, wet harvest:StatsCan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - Farmers reported record numbers for grain stocks across the Prairies this year, but a crippling August frost, followed by soggy harvest conditions, took their toll on quality.
White Sox Sign Hermanson to Two-Year Deal  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox have come  to terms on a two-year, \$5.5 million contract with pitcher  Dustin Hermanson.
Ukraine's Opposition Sees Path to Victory  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's opposition hopeful Viktor  Yushchenko said on Wednesday parliament's vote to root out  cheating in elections opened the way for him to win a re-run of  a rigged presidential poll.
Rights Group Chides Mexico's Congress on Torture  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Human Rights Watch urged Mexican  lawmakers on Wednesday to overhaul a justice system that breeds  torture and feeds notorious rights scandals like the murders of  hundreds of women near the U.S. border.
Tramford Intl Up; Sells Security Products To Lenovo Group NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Shares of Tramford International Ltd. (TRFDF) rose nearly 50 Wednesday, on news that a customer agreed to acquire the personal-computer business of International Business Machines Corp.
Disney and Pixar push back their last joint movie effort to 2006 LOS ANGELES (AFP) - Oscar-winning animated movie team Walt Disney Pictures and Pixar Animation Studios have delayed the release of their final joint venture  quot;Cars quot; until June 2006, they said.
UTC raises offer for UK #39;s Kidde Shares of UK #39;s Kidde were higher on speculation that a deal with United Technologies could be close. LONDON (Reuters) - Britain #39;s Kidde Plc Wednesday said it received a revised offer of \$2.69 billion from 
DANGER AHEAD AFTER what seemed like the longest time, Arsenal have finally cleared the jam and got their cannons firing again. As the annals of Highbury history would record it, t #39;was the nightmare before 
Can Williams Derail the Klitschko Express? 08.12.04 - By Paul Ruby - thepaulrubyhotmail.com -Although I do not agree with The Ring Magazines decision to anoint Vitali Klitschko as Heavyweight Champion of the World, I must admit I believe he is superior to every other heavyweight on the planet.
Kobe needs to step up, apologize to Malone Staples Center is a multi-purpose venue. It not only houses the Lakers and Clippers, but other events as well, including the circus.
New Orleans #39; Gleason no Saint; fined by NFL New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - New Orleans #39; Steve Gleason was fined \$5,000 by the NFL on Wednesday for punching the Panthers #39; Kemp Rasmussen during last Sunday #39;s 32-21 loss to Carolina.
Rahal Letterman Racing signs Meira HILLIARD, Ohio (Ticker) - Finishing eighth in the IndyRacing League points standings this past year was enough for Vitor Meira to receive a contract extension.
Mubarak pushes for peace in Middle East Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak engaged Persian Gulf leaders Wednesday in an effort to build momentum toward peace in the Middle East, calling for support of the new Palestinian 
Sharpe Comments Cause Stir in Denver (AP) AP - Never one to hold back his feelings, former Broncos tight end Shannon Sharpe criticized Mike Shanahan, saying the Denver coach's decision to make Jake Plummer his quarterback was a failed, ego-driven effort to turn a mediocre player into something better.
New Orleans' Gleason No Saint; Fined by NFL  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - New Orleans' Steve Gleason  was fined \$5,000 by the NFL on Wednesday for punching the  Panthers' Kemp Rasmussen during last Sunday's 32-21 loss to  Carolina.
Montreal Might to Lose 2005 World Championships  TORONTO (Reuters) - Montreal could be forced to pull out of  hosting next year's world championships if help with funding is  not forthcoming, according to the chief executive of the  organizing committee.
Coming soon: Toy Story 3, Nemo 2? Disney president says studio is pushing forward with sequels to popular animated films, Pixar or no. New York (CNN/Money) - The Walt Disney Company is pushing forward with plans to capitalize on the blowout 
Bush urged to accept fuel emissions limits The Bush administration and Congress should accept a mandatory programme of tradeable permits to limit greenhouse emissions and tighten fuel efficiency standards for vehicles 
Nortel to File Restated Results Jan. 10 Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) put a specific date, Jan. 10, on when it will start filing its much-delayed restatement of financial results on 
Dollar Starts 2005 with Slight Gains  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar rose slightly in the first  trading session of 2005 on Monday, gaining more than a cent  from recent record lows against the euro as investor selling  paused ahead of U.S. economic data this week. However, analysts  said persistent imbalances in the U.S. economy will likely  continue to weigh on the dollar in 2005 after pushing the euro  up about 8 percent to record highs last year.
Thunderbird 1.0 Takes Wing Yesterday, Mozilla launched version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client for Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X in the hopes of winning over converts much like its browser cousin Firefox is doing in the browser space.
Panel Questions Hubble Mission A leading panel of experts handed NASA #39;s leadership a sharp reproof today, concluding that the space shuttle should be used to service the Hubble Space Telescope and can do the job without posing unacceptable risks to shuttle astronauts.
War Of The Worms: Windows Worms Dominate The 2004 Virus Charts Sophos, a world leader in protecting businesses against viruses and spam, has released a report revealing the hardest hitting viruses of 2004.
BEA Systems to Host Financial Analyst Conference on December 9 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN JOSE, Calif., Dec. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- (http://bea.com/more_info.jsp?p8 amp;r=1.4.6 ) -- BEA Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:BEAS), the world #39;s leading application infrastructure software company, today announced 
Cisco Fights Aggressively In Telecom Space Cisco Systems, which has been under growing competitive pressure lately in the high-end router space, announced a series of initiatives this week designed to improve its market position, as well as bolster its relationship with telecom service providers.
EDS: IT upgrade caused software glitch at UK agency DECEMBER 08, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Some 40,000 computers in the UK #39;s Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) were unable to access their network last month when an IT technician erroneously installed a software upgrade.
Trojan Mimics Controversial Lycos Europe Screensaver According to antivirus company F-Secure, the file inside the e-mail attachment is not the Lycos  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; screensaver.
Arsenal, Bremen make last 16 London: Holders Porto produced a thrilling fightback to beat Chelsea 2-1 and grab a Champions League lifeline as Arsenal and Werder Bremen booked their places in the next round on Tuesday.
 #39;Hold 2nd Test in Dhaka as well #39; NEW DELHI: The Indian security team has ruled against Chittagong as the venue of the second Test match as well as the first of the three one-dayers with Bangladesh.
Gerrard stars in dramatic comeback LIVERPOOL, England -- Steven Gerrard crashed home a stunning half-volley as four-times European champions Liverpool came back to beat Olympiakos Piraeus 3-1 on Wednesday and reach the Champions League knockout stage.
Patrick adds allure to Rahal Letterman, IRL Danica Patrick #39;s dreams of competing in Formula 1 or Champ Cars have been put on hold as the 22-year-old was announced Wednesday as Rahal Letterman Racing #39;s third IRL IndyCar 
Montreal Might to Lose 2005 World Championships Montreal could be forced to pull out of hosting next year #39;s world championships if help with funding is not forthcoming, according to the chief executive of the organizing committee.
British, Irish leaders unveil Northern Ireland peace package &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The British and Irish prime ministers unveiled a sweeping new Northern Ireland peace plan Wednesday that offered solutions to issues -articularly Irish 
EU Not Yet Ready to Lift China Arms Embargo The European Union says it is not yet ready to lift a 15-year-old ban on selling arms to China, but is working toward that goal. The arms embargo dominated a one-day EU-China summit in the 
India, Pak to talk again NEW DELHI, DECEMBER 8: The first technical discussions on the proposed Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service concluded today without much progress.
Former Marine in Iraq: We fired on unarmed civilians, wounded &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A former Marine on the front lines of Iraq, a witness for an American seeking to become the first US soldier granted asylum in Canada, said Wednesday several men in his unit were  quot;psychopaths 
Virgin and BA battle on discordantly Holidaymakers descending on Australia could see fares fall by as much as 30, as Virgin Atlantic and British Airways (BA) prepare for a discordant battle regarding routes to Australia.
Phoenix Salvation Army sites accept donations with debit and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHOENIX - Donors will be able to use credit and debit cards to donate to Salvation Army bell ringers for the first time on Wednesday.
5 NBA Players and 7 Fans Are Charged in Brawl The prosecutor in Oakland County, Mich., today filed criminal charges against five Indiana Pacers and five fans for their parts in a brawl last month in a game against the Detroit Pistons.
UEFA to investigate Mestalla incidents Nyon, Switzerland (Sports Network) - UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Valencia and Werder Bremen after a heated Champions League match Tuesday night between the two clubs.
Israeli ambassador calls peace conference idea  #39;counterproductive #39; A broad international peace conference that has reportedly been suggested by Egypt could be  quot;counterproductive quot; and shouldn #39;t be discussed until after the Palestinian election, Israel #39;s 
Barghouti Sets Conditions for Withdrawing from the Election Race (IsraelNN.com) Imprisoned arch terrorist Marwan Barghouti has reportedly set conditions for complying with Fatah leadership demands that he withdraw from the PA leadership race.
Fishermen under Pressure as EU Proposes New Catch Bans The European Unions head office today proposed unprecedented bans on fishing in popular northern waters to safeguard threatened species such as the common cod, a traditional dinner favourite from Sweden to Portugal.
Apple In Battle For ITunes Address A 22 year-old from London, England has made life a little difficult for computer company Apple. In an effort to secure the rights to the .
National science academy panel urges NASA to launch astronauts to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA should use astronauts, not a robot, to carry out a crucial life-prolonging mission to the acclaimed Hubble Space Telescope one last time, a National Academy of Sciences panel concluded Wednesday.
Cyper Security Alliance Urges Federal Action Computer security experts have urged the White House to address threats to US IT systems. The group made 12 recommendations, including creating a backup communications network in case of a major Internet outage 
Cisco decries  #39;Wild West #39; of IP networking Cisco Systems has announced an eight-slot single-shelf version of its CRS-1 Carrier Routing System, which is designed to let service providers offer services like edge, core and peering for 
Apple web hole still open com. Apple Computer Inc. has still not properly fixed the HFS filesystem named fork vulnerability discovered last week, according to the company that first noticed it, NetSec Inc.
Sharon defends Israeli Army despite civilian deaths The Israeli military has acknowledged it has killed about 30 innocent Palestinians during operations in the West Bank this year. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has defended the Army, describing it as  quot;more moral than any other army I know quot;.
Snow to Remain as Treasury Secretary  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush asked Treasury  Secretary John Snow to stay in his job on Wednesday and Snow  agreed to do so, ending a frenzy of speculation that the  65-year former railroad executive was about to be replaced.
Stocks End Up; Merck Helps Dow; Dollar Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on  Wednesday, as the dollar strengthened and shares of Merck   Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; helped lift the Dow after the drugmaker gave a forecast  that was not as weak as some on Wall Street had expected.
Dollar Rises in Corrective Bounce  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded on Wednesday as  investors focused on relative interest rates, which  increasingly were expected to favor the dollar, and reversed  some bets against the currency.
Pentagon Seeks Check on RAND Air Tanker  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon, under fire for rushing  an outside report on ways to replace the U.S. Air Force's aging  KC-135 mid-air refueling tankers, is seeking a second opinion,  the top U.S. weapons buyer said Wednesday.
DreamWorks Animation Flips to Profit  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Animated film studio DreamWorks  Animation SKG Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DWA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DWA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a profit from a  year-earlier loss in its first earnings period since the  company went public in October.
Martha Stewart gets new TV series Jailed US lifestyle guru Martha Stewart signs a deal to present a new show for NBC from late next year.
Dollar makes gains against euro The dollar recovers from record lows against the euro, but analysts say underlying greenback weaknesses remain.
Snow stays as US Treasury chief US Treasury Secretary John Snow agrees to stay in his job for George W Bush's second presidential term.
Pixar's Waiting for Summer Plus, IBM's win-win, Eli Lilly bares all, and a ticking retirement time bomb.
Vimpel Is No VIP in Russia Russia is trying to collect back taxes from wireless telecommunications company Vimpel.
Saudi Arabia cool on OPEC output cuts Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi Wednesday questioned the need for OPEC oil producers to rein in oil supply, saying the cartel #39;s reference crude price was still above its official target despite steep recent falls.
China Aviation Oil chief arrested SINGAPORE - Singapore authorities on Wednesday arrested the chief of beleaguered China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp following his return from China, a police spokesman said.
Justices Hear Cases on Shipping Wine Lawyers for Michigan and New York argued yesterday that the direct shipping bans are not discriminatory because the Constitution #39;s 21st Amendment, which repealed Prohibition in 1933, also permits states to regulate the alcohol industry.
Report: NASA should send shuttle to fix Hubble, not robot NASA #39;s plan to service the Hubble Space Telescope with a robotic device is more risky than a manned shuttle mission and would leave the orbiting observatory inoperative for a longer period 
PalmSource Agrees To Buy Linux Developer China MobileSoft PalmSource Inc., which has seen its share of the handheld computer market plummet, said on Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire China MobileSoft Ltd.
Bush Told to Get in Step with Cybersecurity The Cyber Security Industry Alliance (CSIA) has recommended that the Bush administration get a handle on cybersecurity issues, and has issued a 12 point recommendation to the White House to aid in the education process.
Fannie Mae Agrees to forfeit \$7.5 Million to DOJ Fannie Mae has agreed to forfeit some \$7.5 million in an accord with the Justice Department, which had accused the mortgage giant of accepting money it knew had been lost by a federal agency in a fraud scheme.
White Sox agree to two-year deal with Hermanson Pitcher Dustin Hermanson and the Chicago White Sox agreed Wednesday on a two-year, \$5.5 million contract that contains a club option for 2007.
Sandy Alomar Jr The Rangers signed Sandy Alomar to a one-year contract. The AP reports that the team envisions Alomar backing up Rod Barajas this season, meaning Gerald Laird will begin the year in the minors.
Competition Heats Up as IBM Sells PC Unit to China #39;s Lenovo On 7 December 2004, IBM and China #39;s Lenovo announced that Lenovo will acquire IBM #39;s PC business for a total of \$1.75 billion in cash and shares.
Saudi Oil Minister Unmoved by Oil Prices Saudi Arabia Oil Minister Ali Naimi said today he #39;s not concerned about a sharp further fall in the price of oil, saying prices remain relatively high.
Buyers back on Wall Street after two-day selloff Investors resumed their December rally Wednesday, looking past higher oil prices and focusing instead on building up their portfolios before year #39;s end.
Players' Union Offer May Decide Season (AP) AP - Any hope of saving the NHL season hinges on whether the next proposal by the players' association stirs serious negotiating.
American Combat Deaths in Iraq Hit 1,001 Guerrillas carried out a series of raids in the city of Samarra on Wednesday, stealing weapons from a police station, blowing it up, and exchanging fire with police and US troops.
Stoudemire Scores 50 Points in Suns' Win (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored 50 points to lead Phoenix to a 117-98 win over Portland on Sunday night.
World Bank Chief to Step Down in '05 The comment was the first public acknowledgement by James D. Wolfensohn, president of the World Bank, 71, that he is unlikely to win the backing of the Bush administration for a third term.
Gas Pipeline Explodes in Southern Russia (AP) AP - A natural gas pipeline just outside the southern Russian city of Makhachkala exploded Wednesday, sending flames soaring into the air and lighting up the night sky.
Justin Trudeau says his wedding will be in Montreal this spring or summer (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Justin Trudeau, formerly a very eligible bachelor, says he's still working on his wedding plans but won't be married before next spring.
Dean Urges Dems to Stick to Convictions (AP) AP - Howard Dean, with an eye on leading the Democratic Party in the wake of widespread election losses, said Wednesday that Democrats must campaign on their convictions and not give into the temptation to behave like Republicans.
Bush Pushes MLB to Address Steroid Issue (AP) AP - President Bush called on Major League Baseball on Wednesday to take "strong steps" to confront the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.
Company Recalls 158,000 Light Bulbs (AP) AP - A company is recalling about 158,000 fluorescent light bulbs because they can overheat and spark, the government said Wednesday.
Former Nazi Guard Loses Canadian Court Ruling (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian immigration\officials won a victory on Tuesday in their bid to revoke the\citizenship of a former Nazi SS prison guard convicted of war\crimes in Italy.
Iraqis May Extend Election Amid Violence  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq may modify plans for its first  free election to give people more time to vote next month,  officials said on Wednesday as suicide bombers and gunmen again  struck Sunni Muslim towns north and west of the capital.
Israel's Sharon Lines Up Support for Likud Vote  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  marshalled support on Wednesday for a Likud party vote to bring  the Labour Party into government, a move that would avoid snap  elections and pave the way for a Gaza withdrawal next year.
'Unknowns' stirring Palestinian race Some say Mustafa Barghouthi's campaign may lead to the creation of a viable secular opposition in Palestinian politics.
A hotbed of energy waits to be tapped in Indonesia Geothermal sources remain untapped as leaders focus instead on the country's reserves of fossil fuels.
Ukraine's Yushchenko hails reform Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko hails "a great victory" after parliament passes wide-ranging reforms.
Defying Speculation, Snow Will Remain Treasury Secretary John W. Snow will stay on as treasury secretary, the White House said this afternoon, dashing speculation that he would soon be forced out of the Cabinet.
Police, Peddlers Clash in Venezuelan City Police and National Guard troops fired tear gas and plastic bullets at crowds of angry street vendors in Venezuela's capital Wednesday as officers tried to remove merchants from zones where they are barred from selling their wares.
Potential Guidant Merger Could Be Blow for City (Indianapolis-December 8, 2004) - As the City of Indianapolis tries to build an image as a center for the life sciences, one of its premiere biotechnology companies could be leaving.
US stocks: Merck helps lift US stocks higher, dollar up New York - US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, as the dollar strengthened and shares of Merck  amp; Co. helped lift the Dow after the drugmaker gave a forecast that was not as weak as some on Wall Street had expected.
Toshiba comes out with dual capability hybrid DVD Hardware manufacturers are in fix when it comes to settling down for a standard for DVDs. Toshiba, NEC and Sanyo are favoring a next-generation DVD standard called HD (high-definition) DVD while Sony and other 
Gerrard rocket sends Liverpool through Steven Gerrard #39;s stunning late goal caps a remarkable Liverpool comeback as they beat Olympiakos Pireaus 3-1 to qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League.
Pacers image hurting after brawl, charges For the Indiana Pacers, its been a long three weeks since a brawl with Detroit fans scarred the image of what was once considered one of the NBAs model franchises.
Sox agree to terms with Hermanson com. He liked the  quot;juice of the ninth inning, quot; according to White Sox general manager Ken Williams.  quot;But the eighth innings can be just as important, quot; added Williams during a Wednesday 
EU to consider lifting arms embargo on China THE HAGUE - The European Union and China on Wednesday pledged to boost bilateral ties at their annual summit here, with the European Union saying it would consider lifting its 15-year-old embargo on arms sales to China.
No deal on Kashmir bus NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan said on Wednesday they would need to hold more talks on starting the Kashmir bus service. Two days of discussions between the two countries on what is seen as a key symbolic step 
Pakistan test fires Hatf-IV missile ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Wednesday successfully test fired a medium range nuclear-capable ballistic missile, capable of hitting targets deep inside India, the military said.
Colts Sign Gramatica for Kickoffs  INDIANAPOLIS (Sports Network) - The Indianapolis Colts have  signed kicker Martin Gramatica to handle kickoffs.
IBM brand loyalty holds key for Lenovo Lenovo #39;s purchase of IBM #39;s PC business is such an unprecedented coup for a Chinese technology company that even some local journalists joined the cheers when it was announced on Wednesday.
Stocks End Higher Helped by Merck, Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on  Wednesday, as the dollar strengthened and shares of Merck   Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; helped lift the Dow after the drugmaker gave a forecast  that was not as bad as some expected.
In Japan, recovery is stalling TOKYO Japan #39;s once-robust recovery slowed to a near standstill in the third quarter as consumer spending weakened more than expected, according to revised growth figures released on Wednesday.
Some Salvation Army #39;s bell ringers taking donations via plastic PHOENIX Salvation Army bell ringers are accepting more than coins in the kettle this year. The charity is equipping some bell ringers to take donations on credit cards.
Ontario Teachers #39; Pension Plan buying Alliance Laundry Holdings &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Ontario Teachers #39; Pension Plan has struck a \$450 million US deal to buy American laundry equipment maker Alliance Laundry Holdings - the Canadian fund #39;s first acquisition in the United States without a partner.
Mozilla Releases Thunderbird (Article Central) The Mozilla Foundation launched version 1.0 of its email management software Thunderbird in advance of the official release this Tuesday.
Nvidia will supply graphics chip for new PlayStation Nvidia will supply the graphics chip for the successor to the PlayStation 2 games console being developed by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCEI), the companies announced on Tuesday.
Report urges shuttle mission to service Hubble WASHINGTON: An expert panel on Wednesday recommended sending a manned shuttle mission to repair the aging Hubble Space Telescope, instead of the robotic mission NASA had envisioned.
Dell #39;s CEO rejects the idea of buying IBM #39;s PC business. Michael Dell has seen the future and it #39;s a 128-node  quot;MegaGrid quot; running the Linux operating system on Dell servers at Oracle #39;s lab in Austin, Texas.
Mobile phones: An ear full of worms DECEMBER 08, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - DUSSELDORF, GERMANY - They #39;re coming to mobile phones -- those nasty viruses, worms and Trojan Horses that have, on more than one occasion, crippled PCs.
Group B: Real breeze through behind Bayer Real knew they had to win against the Italians to be assured of a place in the next round and went ahead in the ninth minute when after a lengthy passing move, Zinedine Zidane put in Ronaldo and the Brazilian lifted the ball past the advancing Roma keeper 
Lampard confident Frank Lampard believes Chelsea can overcome the disappointment of losing to Porto in the Champions League to extend its lead over Arsenal in the English Premiership when the two clubs meet in a top-of-the-table clash at Highbury on Sunday.
Harrison Signs  #36;66M Deal With Colts (AP) AP - Marvin Harrison is remaining with the Indianapolis Colts as Peyton Manning's primary target.
Blair win would endorse war: PM THE re-election of British Prime Minister Tony Blair would be seen as an endorsement of the military action in Iraq, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
S Korean president visits troops in Iraq SEOUL - President Roh Moo Hyun made a surprise visit Wednesday to South Korean troops stationed in northern Iraq, the Blue House presidential office announced.
Japan's stressed crown princess pledges early return to official duties (AFP) AFP - Japan's Crown Princess Masako, the former career woman who has kept out of the public eye for a year due to stress, promised on her 41st birthday she would try to get back to her official duties soon.
Al-Qaida may be hiding messages in computer files, Mounties warn (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The RCMP has warned its investigators to be on the lookout for cleverly disguised messages embedded by al-Qaida in digital files police seize from terror suspects.
Bill Would Nearly Double Border Patrol (AP) AP - Congress' intelligence overhaul provides the largest buildup in border guards in the nation's history, but many House Republicans won't be satisfied until states are forbidden from giving illegal immigrants driver's licenses that the lawmakers say enable terrorists to operate in the United States.
Annan Rejects Calls for His Resignation (AP) AP - Secretary-General Kofi Annan rejected calls for his resignation from several U.S. lawmakers, saying Tuesday he will "carry on" at the helm of the United Nations for the next two years.
Colts Extend Harrison The Indianapolis Colts keep Peyton Manning's favorite target for six more season as Marvin Harrison signs a six-year, \$66-million contract on Wednesday.
 #39;Shrek 3 #39; delayed until 2007 Fans of the Shrek movies will now have to wait until 2007 for the third film in the franchise, DreamWorks announced today. Shrek 3 was previously scheduled to be released in November 2006, but has now been put back to May 2007 for financial reasons.
Alamosa to Buy AirGate for \$392 Million Alamosa Holdings Inc. (APCS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) will acquire AirGate PCS Inc. (PCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) for \$392 million in stock creating the largest Sprint Corp.
Astronauts, Not Robots Should Upgrade Hubble-Panel Shuttle astronauts would do a better job of upgrading NASA (news - web sites) #39;s aging Hubble Space Telescope (news - web sites) than space-faring robots -- with 
Palmsource buys Linux mobile OS developer The news that PalmSource bought China MobileSoft for its knowledge of the exploding Chinese market for mobile devices makes a lot of sense.
New DVD Dual Layer HD-DVD/DVD Format This is fantastic news and could possibly make the HD-DVD format the winner over the competing Blu-Ray technology.... Two Japanese companies said Tuesday they have developed a DVD that can play on both existing 
2004 Virus Activity Collaborative and More Clever, Says Security &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Netsky-P worm, which was first seen in March, accounted for almost a quarter of all virus incidents reported during 2004, says security firm Sophos, making it the hardest-hitting virus of the year.
 #39;Human Error #39; Crashed Britain #39;s DWP A software upgrade was inadvertently given to PCs not intended to receive it, which made payment processing systems at Britain #39;s Department for Work and Pensions stop working, EDS #39; investigation revealed.
Gerrard stunner seals comeback STEVEN GERRARD scored one of the finest - and most dramatic -oals Anfield #39;s famous Kop has ever witnessed today. And it was enough to fire Liverpool into the knockout stages of the tournament with a gut-wrenching victory.
Champions League round-up Real Madrid got the win they needed against Roma to progress to Champions League knockout stages. An early goal from Ronaldo and a Luis Figo brace gave Real a 3-0 victory, in a match played behind closed doors at the Stadio Olimpico.
Harrison signs new \$66 million deal with Colts Harrison agreed to a six-year, \$66 million contract with the team on Wednesday that includes a \$22 million signing bonus, according to a league source who requested anonymity.
UN General Assembly gives Annan what its president calls vote of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 8 December 2004 - The United Nations General Assembly today gave Secretary-General Kofi Annan a standing ovation and a lengthy round of applause, in what its president called a  quot;rare and valuable homage quot; and a vote of confidence - a characterization 
Outgoing Notre Dame President Hits Firing (AP) AP - Notre Dame's outgoing president criticized the decision to fire Tyrone Willingham after just three seasons, saying he was surprised the coach was not given more time to try to succeed.
Snow to Remain as U.S. Treasury Secretary  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush asked Treasury  Secretary John Snow to stay in his job on Wednesday and Snow  agreed to do so, ending a frenzy of speculation that the  65-year-old former railroad executive was about to be replaced.
Russian Cellphone Carrier Faces Tax Claim VimpelCom, the No. 2 cellphone company in Russia, received a first notice for \$157 million in back taxes on Wednesday, sending its stock plunging and prompting fears of another Yukos-style tax investigation.
Lilly Debuts Clinical Drug Trial Web Site INDIANAPOLIS - Eli Lilly  amp; Co. debuted a Web site Wednesday for clinical trial data on its prescription drugs, including Prozac and its new antidepressant, Cymbalta.
White Finalist for a Second Heisman Trophy (AP) AP - Jason White has a chance to join Archie Griffin as a two-time Heisman Trophy winner.
Security Bytes: Injection flaw in popular browsers com staff. Danish security firm Secunia has reported a  quot;moderately critical quot; window injection vulnerability in Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera, Netscape, Safari and Konqueror.
Toshiba Develops Hybrid DVD Toshiba Ltd. and Memory-Tech said this week that they plan to bring to market a hybrid DVD disc that can be used both for standard-definition and HD content.
Telenor Boosts Hungarian Wireless Position Telenor will remain a key player in the Hungarian wireless market after it announced its Hungarian mobile arm, Pannon GSM, acquired a UMTS license in Hungary.
A Time Line Of The IBM PC Business Dec. 8, 2004 From the introduction of its first PC in 1981 to this week #39;s sale of its PC business to Lenovo of China for about \$1.75 billion in cash, IBM has had a quite a few milestones in the PC industry.
 #39;Human Error #39; Crashed Britain #39;s DWP The computer crash that shut down systems at Britain #39;s Department for Work and Pensions only caused delays in dealing with new and amended claims, according to the agency.
IT Heavyweights Form Grid Computing Alliance Dell, EMC, Intel and Oracle have sealed an alliance to develop grid computing technology. The move is an effort to develop a standard approach to building and deploying enterprise grid computing infrastructures.
Tom Brady Keeps Winning for Patriots (AP) AP - Tom Brady hasn't completed more than 20 passes in five games. He's thrown for fewer than 175 yards each of the past two weeks and for three touchdowns just once this season  #151; on opening day.
Roundup: 5 Pacers charged for fighting fans Five Indiana Pacers players were charged in Detroit on Wednesday for fighting with fans in the stands and on the court during the brawl that broke out at a Pistons #39; game last month.
Harrison signs \$66M deal with Colts Harrison agreed to a six-year, \$66 million contract with the team on Wednesday that includes a \$22 million signing bonus, according to a league source who requested anonymity.
Redskins Daily 12/8 LaVar Arrington practiced for the first time since undergoing knee surgery. Now the Redskins have to wait and see if he #39;ll be able to play.
Oklahoma's White Could Win Second Heisman (AP) AP - Growing up in a small Oklahoma town, Jason White would try to throw a football through a tire. Usually, he'd miss. But there was this consolation: He sure could run.
NATO, Belgium Sign Deal to Build New HQ (AP) AP - NATO and the Belgian government signed an agreement Wednesday to build new alliance headquarters adjacent to the current site, confirming Brussels as the home of the military bloc and underscoring improved relations between the host and the United States.
More U.S. Soldiers Survive War Wounds (AP) AP - For every American soldier killed in Iraq, nine others have been wounded and survived  #151; the highest rate of any war in U.S. history. It isn't that their injuries were less serious, a new report says. In fact, some young soldiers and Marines have had faces, arms and legs blown off and are now returning home badly maimed.
Rwanda Tells U.N. It Put Troops on Congo Border  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Rwanda, appearing before the  U.N. Security Council, denied again on Wednesday that it had  sent soldiers into neighboring Congo in pursuit of Hutu rebels  but acknowledged it had massed troops along the border.
US punishes troops over stun guns Four members of a US special operations unit in Iraq are disciplined for using electric stun guns on prisoners.
La Scala Is the Star at Its Own Reopening The choice of Antonio Salieri's long-forgotten opera "Europa Riconosciuta" seemed just right when La Scala reopened on Tuesday night after nearly three years of renovation.
Appeals Panel Hears Arguments in Leak Inquiry A three-judge panel heard arguments on whether two journalists should be jailed for refusing to name their confidential sources to a grand jury, and it seemed to reject their main argument, based on the First Amendment.
Minnesota gives new license technology a test drive Minnesota next week will begin issuing a first-of-its-kind driver #39;s license designed to thwart counterfeiters -n issue that has taken on greater urgency since the Sept.
Thunderbird is go Finally, and with less fanfare than the release of its sibling application, Firefox 1.0, a few weeks ago, the email client called Thunderbird has reached its coming of age.
High price for high-speed mobile licenses in Hungary The T-Mobile unit of Deutsche Telekom and the Pannon GSM unit of Telenor said Wednesday that they had won licenses to provide high-speed mobile phone service in Hungary, but analysts said they might have paid too much in their effort to stay ahead in the 
Four Teams Advance at Champions League Real Madrid #39;s Luis Figo of Portugal, right, and Roma #39;s Traianos Dellas of Greece, top left, and Philippe Mexes of France reach for the ballr during their Champion #39;s League Group B soccer match between Roma and Real Madrid, in Rome #39;s Olympic stadium 
UEFA to probe Valencia-Werder Bremen incidents UEFA will be launching disciplinary proceedings against Valencia and Werder Bremen following the incidents that marred their Champions League match at the Mestalla on Tuesday.
Bettis endorses former Steelers assistant Clements as Notre Dame &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PITTSBURGH - Steelers running back Jerome Bettis remains upset that Notre Dame fired football coach Tyrone Willingham but supports former Steelers assistant coach Tom Clements as his successor.
Bryant surprised by Malone #39;s reaction Kobe Bryant would love to have Karl Malone back with the Los Angeles Lakers, and believes comments he made in a recent radio interview were misunderstood.
Snow to Remain as U.S. Treasury Secretary  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Wednesday asked  Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow  agreed, ending a frenzy of speculation that the former railroad  executive and loyal Bush foot soldier was about to be replaced.
UTC raises its offer for Kidde and gets closer to 1.4bn deal Kidde moved a step closer yesterday to being bought by America #39;s United Technologies, which increased its offer for the UK fire extinguisher maker to 1.39bn.
Supreme Court hears initial arguments regarding state bans on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Supreme Court heard initial arguments Tuesday regarding state laws in Michigan and New York that ban interstate sales of wines through the Internet.
5 Pacers, 7 Fans Charged in Detroit Brawl (AP) AP - Five Indiana Pacers and seven fans were charged Wednesday in the melee that broke out at the end of a nationally televised game against the Detroit Pistons last month, one of the worst brawls in U.S. sports history.
Use humans to fix Hubble, panel tells NASA WASHINGTON - NASA should turn to astronauts, not robots, to repair the aging Hubble Space Telescope, an expert panel recommended on Wednesday.
BEA Continues Service Oriented Architecture Push BEA Systems is set to release Diablo, an SOA-based application server that is the cornerstone of the upcoming WebLogic Platform 9.0.
Gaza Settlers Seek to Keep Communities (AP) AP - Residents of some Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip have proposed that their entire communities be moved to locations inside Israel under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from Gaza next year, a lawmaker said Wednesday.
Silence is golden for relieved Real The Sword of Damocles no longer hangs over Real Madrid. Trailing Barcelona by nine points in the Spanish league, defeat here last night would have put them out of the competition they consider their own.
Alex Smith is a Heisman Finalist He was chosen today as one of five finalists for college football #39;s most prestigious individual title. Joining Smith for Saturday #39;s award ceremony in New York will be Oklahoma teammates Jason White and Adrian 
Liverpool keep dream alive Running on pure adrenalin, attacking in relentless red waves towards a beseeching Kop, Liverpool fought back magnificently against the dying of their Champions League light last 
UEFA not informed of racist chanting UEFA have received no reports of racist chanting by Porto fans during the Champions League game against Chelsea in Portugal on Tuesday night.
Time for Celtic #39;s money men to fund O #39;Neill #39;s ambition ITS TIME to take stock. Those were Martin ONeills words late on Tuesday night as he tried to quantify the effect upon Celtic of watching their European season plunge into darkness.
Almunia feels he can hold on to his place Arsenal goalkeeper Manuel Almunia insisted that he was ready to face Chelsea in Sunday #39;s table-topping London derby despite a nervous performance on his Champions League debut, in Tuesday #39;s 5-1 win over Rosenborg.
Coulthard fits the bill at Red Bull David Coulthard #39;s season-long search for a Formula One drive next year is almost over. Negotiations between Red Bull Racing and Coulthard, who tested for the Austrian team for the first time 
US soldiers would kill civilians, says Marine A former US Marine has claimed that he saw American troops in Iraq routinely kill unarmed civilians, including women and children.
EU wants fishing ban in fifth of North Sea Around a fifth of the North Sea would be closed to fishing next year under European Commission plans for an unprecedented ban to help rescue cod stocks from collapse.
Papal Solidarity Offered for Iraqi Catholics After New Attacks VATICAN CITY, DEC. 8, 2004 (Zenit.org).- John Paul II expressed his closeness to Iraqi Catholics shaken by two new terrorist attacks which destroyed an Armenian-Catholic church and the Chaldean bishop #39;s palace in Mosul.
Panel Pushes for Energy Security Funding (AP) AP - A bipartisan panel of energy experts said Wednesday that regulation of climate changing pollution and improved automobile fuel efficiency must be an essential elements of the nation's energy agenda  #151; a view that clashes with the White House and many members of Congress.
Details of \$36 Billion Bipartisan US Energy Plan WASHINGTON - The bipartisan National Commission on Energy Policy on Wednesday urged the US Congress to end a two-year stalemate and adopt a broad package of proposals addressing climate change, oil security, natural gas supplies and fuel efficiency in 
Sony, Nvidia Codeveloping Graphics Processor for New Game Console Tokyo, Dec. 7 (Jiji Press)--Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. said Tuesday it is developing a graphics processor with Nvidia Corp. of the United States for its planned new video game console.
Apple pitches music industry on U2-style promos U2 has been a familiar sight to iTunes Music Store visitors in recent weeks, with the online music store featuring everything from a U2-themed iPod to a digital boxed set of the Irish rock band #39;s recordings.
It #39;s time for some fans to pay a high price On the day the Indiana Pacers and the Detroit clowns were charged with various crimes against civility, Indiana guard Anthony Johnson put the whole sad, absurd thing into perspective.
White among Heisman candidates again New York, NY (Sports Network) - Oklahoma quarterback and last year #39;s Heisman Trophy winner Jason White was once again named as a candidate for college football #39;s most prestigious individual honor.
Chelsea lose and CSKA Moscow drop out despite victory PARIS: Captain Sergei Semak grabbed a hat-trick as CSKA Moscow won 3-1 at Paris St Germain on Tuesday but a late goal in Porto denied the Russian team a place in the knockout stages of the Champions League, handing Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich a 
Ranieri apologises for outburst over referee PERHAPS we should call him the Temperman from now on. Linguistic problems were an entertaining hallmark of Claudio Ranieris stint as Chelsea head coach, but on Tuesday night a misguided verbal 
Wengers big problem now is in deciding which keeper to field LONDON: Arsenal recovered their poise to reach the knockout stages of the Champions League with a 5-1 thrashing of Rosenborg Trondheim and now face a crucial decision before Sunday #39;s league match with leaders Chelsea.
Colts ink Harrison to extension: source CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It appears Marvin Harrison will be the recipient of Peyton Manning #39;s passes for years to come. An anonymous NFL source revealed Wednesday that Harrison has agreed to a six-year, \$66-million 
Dead reckoning The phrase  quot;body count quot; is grim reminder of how the US army boasted of the toll of enemy dead during the Vietnam war - a classic example of the dehumanisation of language in wartime.
Poachers leave bonobo at risk Humankind's closest relative is facing extinction in the war-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo.
IBM buying Apple? No dice As soon as rumors began to fly about the IBM-Lenovo deal, bloggers and others began to buzz about the possibility that IBM would use the opportunity to buy Apple. The contract posted by Lenovo, however, says no. Missing Links
Japan recovery running out of steam The Japanese economy is close to stagnation, according to revisions to official figures yesterday that cut the estimate of GDP growth to just 0.1 per cent.
Infineon to invest in Asian plant Infineon Technologies, the second-largest chip maker in Europe, said Wednesday that it planned to invest about \$1 billion in a new factory in Malaysia to expand its automotive chip business and be closer to customers in the region.
Cavs' Traylor Out With Broken Finger (AP) AP - Cavaliers forward Robert Traylor will miss three to four weeks after breaking his left pinkie during a game against the New Jersey Nets.
Panel: Robot Won #39;t Save Hubble NASA #39;s plan to send a robot into space to repair the ailing Hubble Space Telescope is unlikely to succeed, according to a new report from the National Academy of Sciences.
Chicken gives up genetic secrets Scientists have published a detailed analysis of the chicken genome, the biochemical  quot;code quot; in the bird #39;s cells that makes the animal what it is.
China, Linux Could Put PalmSource in the Catbird Seat Opinion: While the Palm Inc. spinoff has had a tough infancy, its acquisition of China MobileSoft promises to position it as a formidable contender in the emerging mobile market.
To obscurity and beyond for the quiet space hero ONE of Americas greatest unsung heroes, an astronaut who touched the stars yet barely scraped the surface of public recognition, is to retire.
Brazil Rain Forest Burning A Major Greenhouse Gas Cause The burning and deforestation of Brazils vast Amazon rain forest causes nearly 3 of the worlds greenhouse gas emissions, according to a government report released yesterday.
Sony gaming supply shortage extends Sony Corp, which on Tuesday confirmed a shipping halt on the Suez Canal disrupted delivery of its newest PlayStation 2 to Europe, said supply shortages of the game console extend to the United States.
Giants Plan to Honor Bonds' Milestones (AP) AP - The San Francisco Giants will honor Barry Bonds' home run milestones and other achievements as they always have  #151; with great fanfare.
Real Madrid advances in Champions League It was an important win for Real Madrid in Rome as they progressed to the knockout stages of the Champions League. They were in third position with just eight points when the match started leveled with Bayer Leverkusen.
Liverpool 3 Olympiakos 1 Chelsea were poised with a renewed 30million bid for the midfield genius had Liverpool gone out of the Champions League. But Gerrard drilled his beloved Reds into the last 16 with a blistering 
Gators hoops assistant arrested on drug charges GAINESVILLE, Fla. Florida assistant basketball coach Major Parker has been suspended indefinitely following his arrest on drug charges.
Florida Assistant Arrested on Drug Charges (AP) AP - Florida assistant basketball coach Major Parker has been arrested on charges of selling half a kilogram of cocaine to an undercover officer, a U.S. attorney said Wednesday.
Australian Open Exec Says Clijsters Out (AP) AP - Kim Clijsters' left wrist injury will keep her out of the Australian Open, tournament chief executive Paul McNamee said Thursday.
South Korean president makes surprise visit to troops in Iraq SEOUL : South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun made a surprise visit to his troops in northern Iraq on his way home from a European tour, a top presidential aide said.
Congress Passes Historic Spy Agencies Bill (AP) AP - Congress on Wednesday ordered the biggest overhaul of U.S. intelligence in a half-century, replacing a network geared to the Cold War fight against communism with a post-Sept. 11 structure requiring military and civilian spy agencies to work together against terrorists intent on holy war.
EPA Nears New Storm Sewage Guidlines (AP) AP - The Environmental Protection Agency is leaning toward allowing sewage plants to skip some stages of treatment during heavy rains or melting slow as long as the treated water meets all permits and other safeguards are provided, agency sources said Wednesday.
Nortel, Symantec partner on network security Nortel Networks yesterday announced several products as well as a partnership with Symantec in moves designed to expand the company's offerings in the network security space.
EDS: IT upgrade caused software glitch at U.K. agency Some 40,000 computers in the U.K. Department for Work and Pensions were cut off from their network last month when an IT technician erroneously installed a software upgrade, according to EDS.
AT T to build \$1B communications network for Treasury Dept. The U.S. Treasury Department has signed a deal worth up to \$1 billion with AT T Government Solutions and its partners for a new secure high-speed network that will connect more than 1,000 Treasury Department locations around the U.S.
Sophos: 2004 was the year of Netsky worm Netsky-P, an e-mail computer worm that disrupted tens of thousands of businesses and homes worldwide, was the hardest-hitting virus of 2004, according to Web security firm Sophos.
Oracle vows 'oversupport' for PeopleSoft customers Oracle is concerned PeopleSoft customers might abandon maintenance contracts that could help it spend more on new software products to compete with SAP AG, the world's biggest business software maker.
Users say IBM PC division sale a reflection of the times IBM's decision to sell its PC division to a China-based company prompted a range of reactions today from technology users, from disappointment to a belief that the move reflects the times and the impact of globalization.
Analysis: IBM adjusts to harsh PC market IBM's decision to sell its PC business to China's Lenovo Group Ltd. underscores the challenges manufacturers face in the modern PC business, even for a company synonymous with the product.
China's Lenovo to buy IBM's PC business China's Lenovo Group Ltd. has agreed to acquire IBM's personal computing division for \$1.25 billion in cash and equity, a move expected to transform it into the world's No. 3 PC maker.
McNealy: Sun still strong on Oracle SAN FRANCISCO -- Despite Oracles strategic push for Linux- and Intel-based deployments, Sun Microsystems retains its position as the leading platform for Oracle, Sun Chairman and CEO Scott McNealy said Wednesday at the Oracle OpenWorld conference here.
PalmSource to add Linux OS to offerings PalmSource surprised the mobile vendor community today with the announcement that it will acquire China MobileSoft (CMS), ostensibly to leverage that company's expertise in building a mobile version of the Linux operating system.
MCI adds managed services MCI announced on Wednesday a line of managed LAN services available at three different service levels.
Part of the ECT News Network Stocks rallied today, with all averages finishing up as the US dollar performed better against overseas currencies for the first time in weeks.
Siemens records 1 Gbit/s over mobile transmission For the first time, data were transferred in real time via mobile communication at a speed of one gigabit per second (Gbit/s), or 1,000 megabits per second (Mbit/s).
Crash in Benefits System Caused by Human Error Human error caused the crash that left 80 percent of staff without access to benefits payment processing systems at the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) last month, supplier EDS has acknowledged.
Dell bashes  #39;big iron #39; com December 7, 2004, 4:22 PM PT. SAN FRANCISCO--Top Dell executives disparaged the  quot;big iron quot; approach of building large, powerful servers on Tuesday--a dig at rivals IBM, Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard.
CL Preview: Liverpool-Olympiakos On Wednesday night Olympiakos travel to take on Liverpool knowing that any positive result will pave the way for their passage into the qualifying stages of the Champions League.
Blair called upon to produce an official record of Iraqi deaths TONY EASTLEY: According to some news agencies, the US military passed a grim milestone this week, with 1,000 American troops killed in combat in Iraq.
YEARENDER: Phelps Shines Brightest on Biggest Stage  SYDNEY (Reuters) - It is lucky for Michael Phelps that he  is blessed with broad shoulders and an arm span like the wings  on a jumbo jet. Not only does it enable him to swim like a fish  but it also helps him to carry the burden of his own great  expectations.
S America to create single market South American leaders are set to create an economic and political bloc modelled on the European Union.
Some Cardholders Fight MNBA's Switch Cardholders have been surprised to find that the MBNA Corporation has switched their accounts from Visa or MasterCard to American Express, MBNA's new partner.
U.S. Board Close to Backing a Bidder for ATA Airlines The federal loan board that was created to oversee an airline industry bailout is about to play a key role in determining the next phase of industry competition.
IBM marks end of an era Two decades after it virtually invented the personal computer industry, IBM yesterday sold out to the Chinese government. The deal, which IBM hopes will leave 
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks Mixed, Dollar Up Against Yen Tokyo stocks were mixed early Thursday amid profit taking and buying on the back of the US dollar #39;s strength against the Japanese yen.
Can Thunderbird ride the Firefox wave? The Mozilla Foundation is back at it. Following its recent launch of its Firefox 1.0 browser that ignited heavy interest, the organization this week launched the Thunderbird open-source e-mail client.
Chicken nuggets could save world A bird known by her wing band number, 256, is about to cause a huge flap in genetics, one which could change our understanding of human evolution and bird behaviour and help to prevent another global influenza pandemic.
Liverpool defy odds to secure progress The impossible was merely delayed. An opener from Rivaldo left Liverpool requiring to win by two goals to reach the next phase of the Champions League.
Padres ink Williams, Blum com. The Padres signed two players Wednesday, bringing back right-handed pitcher Woody Williams and adding infielder Geoff Blum. Both are one-year deals with Williams getting an option year in 2006.
Report: Harrison has new deal with Colts Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - The Indianapolis Colts and wide receiver Marvin Harrison have reportedly agreed to a new contract.
Klitschko feels weight of a nation With a laugh Vitali Klitschko admits he will never forget the day he met Danny Williams for the first time, at a bizarre press conference at the Labour Party #39;s Millbank headquarters to publicise a World Boxing Organisation title fight between the 
Closing the curtain on a hard life Mr. Charles Jenkins on Tuesday arrived in Sado, Niigata Prefecture, together with his wife Ms. Hitomi Soga, a former abductee to North Korea, and their two daughters after serving a short sentence for desertion from the US Army.
Greek Farmer Finds 2,000-Year-Old Monument (AP) AP - A farmer tending a cotton field in central Greece has uncovered a stone monument marking the spot where the Roman army stopped a major westward offensive more than 2,000 years ago, a Greek archaeological official said Wednesday.
S America creates single market South American leaders create an economic and political bloc modelled on the European Union.
Libraries Reach Out, Online With downloadable books and information portals, the new reading room is anywhere and everywhere.
GDP revised downward to annual 0.2 The economy grew an annualized 0.2 percent in the July-September quarter, not the 0.3 percent stated in the preliminary report last month, the government said Wednesday after tweaking the nation #39;s gross domestic product under a new calculation method.
ATA Airlines gives rivals a shot at Chicago market Bankrupt ATA Airlines #39; withdrawal from Chicago #39;s Midway International Airport presents a juicy opportunity for another airline to beef up service in the Midwest 
Altera Guides Lower Midquarter Chipmaker Altera (ALTR:Nasdaq - news - research) lowered fourth-quarter sales guidance after the bell Wednesday, citing a more severe decline in its communications segment.
Sony, Nvidia make PlayStation collaboration official TOKYO - Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. (SCEI) and Nvidia Corp. revealed that they have been collaborating for about two years to develop the graphics engine for SCEI #39;s next-generation game machine powered 
Ajax Make UEFA Cup After Bayern Draw Ajax Amsterdam qualified for the UEFA Cup after a 2-2 Champions #39; League Group D draw with Bayern Munich at the Amsterdam ArenA on Wednesday evening.
Williams rejoins Padres rotation CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent pitcher Woody Williams rejoined the San Diego Padres more than three years after he was traded away.
Infineon To Build Production Plant In Malaysia  gt;IFX NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Infineon Technologies AG (IFX) said it will build a new front-end production plant in Kulim High Tech Park, Malaysia.
IBM-Lenovo Deal Shows China #39;s Growing Might For China, the country #39;s biggest computer supplier buying out a unit of IBM is more than just a business deal. Lenovo Group #39;s decision to purchase IBM #39;s PC group for \$1.75 billion could be 
NVidia Will Supply Graphics Chip for New PlayStation NVidia will supply the graphics chip for the successor to the PlayStation 2 games console being developed by Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
European giants dash minnows #39; hopes at the death PARIS (AFP) - Multiple European Cup winners Real Madrid and Liverpool squeezed through to the last 16 of the Champions League after winning their respective final group matches.
Blair rejects tally of Iraq War dead British Prime Minister Tony Blair has rejected calls for an independent commission to calculate the number of civilians killed and injured since the US-led alliance invaded Iraq in March 2003.
Former CEO of China Aviation Oil (Singapore) returns to Singapore Chen Jiulin, former CEO of China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp., returned to Singapore on December 8 to help investigate the company #39;s huge-sum losses on derivatives trades.
DVD/HD-DVD Combo Developed December 08, 2004 - Memory-Tech Corp. and Toshiba have announced that they have developed a dual-layer disc that can store both standard DVD and HD-DVD formats, on different layers.
Siemens Claims Wireless Speed Record German vendor develops experimental system that transmits data at 1 Gbps using a new antenna system and OFDM. By Mobile Pipeline News.
Pavano Meets With Seattle Officials (AP) AP - Carl Pavano wrapped up talks Wednesday with the Seattle Mariners and moved on to Anaheim, where he's expected to attend the winter meetings later this week and visit the Angels.
Russia #39;s VimpelCom hit by \$158m claim for back taxes Russian authorities yesterday claimed \$158m (94m) in back taxes from VimpelCom, the country #39;s second-largest mobile phone company, raising fears of new political interference in business.
China Blocks World Meeting on Workers #39; Rights China on Wednesday abruptly blocked a meeting of global union and business leaders scheduled for next week that aimed to press Beijing to do more to protect workers #39; rights.
No. 10 Kentucky Drubs Morehead St. 71-40 (AP) AP - Kelenna Azubuike scored 19 of his 21 points in the second half to lead No. 10 Kentucky past intrastate rival Morehead State 71-40 on Wednesday night, the fewest points scored by the Eagles in 25 years.
Hubble repair mission  #39;exorbitant #39; The Hubble space telescope #39;s chances of survival were dealt a blow yesterday after the US National Academy of Sciences said plans for a robotic repair mission were both exorbitant and risky.
NASA Urged to Scrap Hubble Robot Rescue CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - NASA should use astronauts, not a robot, to carry out a crucial life-prolonging mission to the acclaimed Hubble Space Telescope one last time, a National Academy of Sciences panel concluded Wednesday.
We #39;re closer to knowing why the chicken crossed the road THE enduring mystery of why the chicken really did cross the road has come a step closer to being solved definitively, following a detailed analysis of the birds genetic blueprint.
Chicken Genome Should Boost DNA Research In their first detailed and comprehensive look at the DNA of chickens, scientists have found that 60 percent of the bird #39;s genes have close cousins in humans.
Australia backs Annan against calls for his resignation as UN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australia on Thursday backed UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan against calls for his resignation over the world body #39;s scandal-plagued oil-for-food program for Iraq.
US arms sale: India to express concern India will express strong concern over United States #39; proposed sale of surveillance aircraft and anti-tank missiles to Pakistan to the visiting US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
EU wants big cut in North Sea About a fifth of cod fishing grounds in the North Sea would be closed for the whole of next year under draconian proposals by the European commission, published yesterday and designed to replenish seriously depleted stocks.
Fury in Japan as ashes found not to be remains of kidnapped girl NORTH Koreas solemn return of the remains of a 13-year-old Japanese girl they kidnapped decades ago have proved to be a cruel trick, a furious Japan said yesterday.
Nuggets Halt Wizards The Wizards are undone by Andre Miller's season-high 34 points and Denver's running offense in Wednesday's 111-105 loss.
Arrington Practices LaVar Arrington participated in his first practice since Oct. 25, when he aggravated a knee injury that sidelined him for 10 games.
Ravens Look Ahead The uncharacteristic performance of the Ravens' defense is still a touchy subject with linebacker Ray Lewis.
President Blasts Firing Notre Dame's outgoing president criticized the decision to fire Tyrone Willingham after just three seasons, saying he was surprised the coach was not given more time to try to succeed.
ND Stops Indiana Chris Thomas, Chris Quinn and Torin Francis each scored 13 points and Francis had 13 rebounds to lead Notre Dame past Indiana, 55-45.
Illini Could Be the 1 Illinois, off to a 7-0 start entering Thursday's game against Georgetown, felt all along it was the best team in the country.
Cavs Slip Past Furman After their first loss of the season, the 19th-ranked Cavaliers came away with a sluggish 70-67 victory over Furman at Alumni Hall on Wednesday night.
Christians in Egyptian Church Stone Police (AP) AP - Several thousand Christians who packed a cathedral compound in the Egyptian capital hurled stones at riot police Wednesday to protest a woman's alleged forced conversion to Islam. At least 30 people were injured.
Supreme Court challenges lawyer for Rwandan accused of triggering slaughter (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - A Supreme Court justice challenged a lawyer Wednesday who defended his Rwandan client's call in 1992 for the extermination of ethnic Tutsis prior to a bloody genocide in the African country.
Australia to Upgrade Embassy Security (AP) AP - Australia's foreign ministry said Wednesday it will boost security spending at its embassies by  #36;452 million after a terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Saudi Arabia left nine dead earlier this week.
U.S. Warns Iran Against Iraq Interference (AP) AP - The Bush administration cautioned Iran on Wednesday against trying to influence the outcome of Iraq's election, reacting to fears that Tehran is trying to produce a Shiite-dominated Islamic government in Baghdad.
Troops' Queries Leave Rumsfeld on the Defensive Iraq-bound troops complained that they were being sent into combat with insufficient protection and aging equipment.
Lockout in N.H.L. Puts Businesses on the Brink In the many smaller cities that are reliant on hockey to enliven downtowns at night, the loss of a season is a significant blow.
US group raises Kidde offer American engineering group United Technologies (UTC) yesterday moved a step closer to buying fire extinguisher maker Kidde. Kidde confirmed it was planning to open its books to UTC after receiving a revised 165p-a-share offer from the group.
Amazon burning makes Brazil a leading polluter has made the country one of the world #39;s leading polluters, a long-delayed government report shows. up to 30 percent of the planet #39;s animal and plant species.
Pop-up Loophole Opens Browsers to Phishing Attacks Security firm Secunia has warned that most Web browsers are vulnerable to a simple  quot;phishing quot; technique that could make fraudulent content appear genuine.
United Finish Second After Fener Defeat An unfamiliar-looking Manchester United team slumped to their first defeat of this Champions League campaign as Uefa Cup-bound Fenerbahce won 3-0 in Istanbul.
6 Egyptians return back to their families, Azzam is grateful for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 6 Egyptian students who arrived from Israel, arrived in their houses in the outskirts of Cairo, amid joys and happiness of their families after they had spent one full day of investigations with the Egyptian security and intelligence forces.
Karzai turns to war on drugs and insurgents Freshly installed Afghan Pres-ident Hamid Karzai was gearing up yesterday to address tribal leaders on the need to eliminate this war-ravaged country #39;s booming drug trade, an aide said.
5 Pacers and 5 Fans Are Charged in Fight No Pistons players were charged for the Nov. 19 brawl the brother of Detroit's Ben Wallace, was charged for throwing punches at the Pacers' Fred Jones.
Death toll in Asian quake disaster passes 144,000 (AFP) AFP - The number of people killed in the massive earthquake and tidal waves that hit Indian Ocean shorelines a week ago passed 144,000.
Browser phishing  #39;flaw #39; could hook users com December 8, 2004, 4:50 PM PT. A function built into all major browsers could be co-opted by attackers to fool Web site visitors into surrendering sensitive information, a security firm warned on Wednesday.
Skis Rossignol stock sizzles on Quicksilver (AFP) AFP - Shares in French group Skis Rossignol, the biggest manufacturer of ski equipment in the world, sizzled upwards by 12.66 percent in the first trading session of the New Year followiing a newspaper interview that US sports group Quicksilver was stalking a stake.
Garey Has the Answer Maryland's Jason Garey has the second-highest goal total in the country this season, and could emerge as the key figure in Friday's College Cup semifinal against defending champion Indiana.
Patriots Finally Prevail George Mason's 70-62 over Georgetown has everything a local rivalry should have: wild momentum swings, scrappy play and even a little blood.
Pistons Prevail in OT Richard Hamilton scores six of his 19 points in overtime as Detroit holds off Toronto, 90-86, Wednesday night.
I.B.M. Prepares Substitution for Pensions of New Hires I.B.M. is planning to close its employee pension plan to new employees at the end of the year and give all new workers a 401(k) plan instead.
Amazon's 'morning nightmare' lasts 11 days, and counting Peak-time woes bedevil merchants, customers
Snow to Remain Treasury's Chief, White House Says Treasury Secretary John W. Snow will remain in his job after weeks in which Republicans had talked openly about his impending departure.
Oracle to 'Oversupport' PeopleSoft Customer -Ellison  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker Oracle  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ORCL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; will do everything it can to support PeopleSoft  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=PSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; customers, who are vital to the success of  Oracle's proposed \$9.2 billion takeover of PeopleSoft, Oracle  Co-Founder and Chief Executive Larry Ellison said on Wednesday.
HP Pressured to Sell PC Business After IBM Deal  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; will be  under pressure to sell its personal computer business after  IBM's decision to sell its PC operations to China's top PC  manufacturer, but analysts said the No. 2 computer maker would  hold on to its \$25 billion PC division for now.
Ex-U.S. Cyber Security Chief Sees Curb on Phishing  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A former White House Web security  chief predicted on Wednesday that technology companies and law  enforcers could soon stamp out most Internet "phishing" scams  that aim to trick people into giving away personal and  financial information.
Chinese Companies Seen Following Lenovo-IBM Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - China, already a manufacturing  powerhouse, is flexing its financial muscles as companies based  there snatch up famous-name products from established companies  in the United States and Europe looking to divest low-margin  businesses.
South America Eyes EU-Style Integration  CUZCO, Peru (Reuters) - South American leaders on Wednesday  launched a regional integration pact they said would go beyond  rhetoric and usher in European-style unity, but only half the  future bloc's 12 presidents turned up to sign it.
Sun Plans to Call on Lenovo After IBM Deal-CEO  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Scott McNealy is looking forward  to making an early sales call on Lenovo's new CEO as soon as  the company's \$1.25 billion deal to buy IBM's PC business  closes, the Sun Microsystems CEO said on Wednesday.
Film Industry Sues DVD Jukebox Maker A film industry group has sued a high-end consumer electronics company, claiming its home theater jukebox system makes illegal copies of movie DVDs.
D.C.-Area Video Game Stores Targeted in Piracy Raid Federal authorities raided three Washington, D.C.-area video game stores and arrested two people for modifying video game consoles to play pirated video games, a video game industry group said Wednesday.
Groups Debate Slower Strategy on Gay Rights Gay rights leaders are debating if they should moderate their goals after 11 states approved constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriages.
Pain of War Draws Bead on New York Region Since Nov. 7, 19 servicemen from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut have been killed in Iraq.
Senate Approves Intelligence Bill The Senate vote, 89 to 2, ended a debate that began last summer with the release of the final report of the 9/11 panel.
Lenovo acquires IBM #39;s personal computing division Chinese PC vendor Lenovo announced its acquisition of IBM #39;s Personal Computing Division (PCD) for a combination of cash and stock totaling US\$1.25 billion.
Ellison: Oracle Will Ship PeopleSoft #39;s Next-Generation Products SAN FRANCISCOOracle Corp. will complete development and ship the next version of PeopleSoft #39;s flagship enterprise applications even if it ultimately succeeds in buying out its competitor.
Australian Nickel Miner Announces Upgrade Australian mining company WMC Resources Ltd. on Thursday forecast record profits for 2004 and announced plans to return up to 1 billion Australian dollars (US\$761 million; euro570 million) to shareholders 
Steering California #39;s Fight on Emissions Fran Pavley, a soft-spoken, retired schoolteacher who went into California politics, probably never thought she would find herself defending the environmental credentials of Gov.
Panel Urges Shuttle Mission to Help Hubble Contradicting NASA policy in a long and bitter debate over science and safety, a panel of the National Academy of Sciences said Wednesday that the 
Disney Picks Sony Format for DVD #39;s of Its Films The Walt Disney Company and its home video division, Buena Vista Home Entertainment, said yesterday that they would release films in the next-generation high-definition DVD format being developed 
Astronomers Contemplate Icy Volcanoes in Far Places Hundreds of tiny worlds circling beyond Neptune have been thought of as frozen in time, almost unchanged since they formed at the birth of the solar system five billion years ago.
China Bans British Football Computer Game China has banned British computer game Football Manager 2005, saying it violated Chinese law by referring to Taiwan, Hong Kong and other regions claimed by China as separate countries.
5 Pacers and 5 Fans Are Charged in Fight Nearly three weeks after the brawl that left an indelible scar on the NBA, five Indiana Pacers and five Pistons fans were charged Wednesday with misdemeanor assault and battery.
Captain Gerrard Helps Liverpool Overcome Champions League Odds Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard said he thought his team was heading out of the Champions League midway through yesterday #39;s match against Olympiakos.
Real Madrid beat Roma Two second-half goals from Luis Figo made sure Real Madrid put a recent bad streak behind them and qualified for the UEFA Champions League #39;s last 16 knockout round.
Redknapp unrepentant about move from Portsmouth to Southampton? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Harry Redknapp shocked Portsmouth two weeks ago by quitting to take a break from soccer. Now those same fans are in a rage _ he #39;s joined the one club they despise.
Juve draw showed Maccabi deserved place in elite - coach Maccabi Tel Aviv coach Nir Klinger said his side fully deserved their place in the Champions League despite finishing bottom of Group C after a 1-1 home draw with Juventus on Wednesday.
Karimi named AFC Player of the Year Iranian striker Ali Karimi was named 2004 Asian Player of the Year on Wednesday at the Asian Football Confederation awards in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
No. 10 Kentucky 71, Morehead St. 40 A strong defensive effort helped Kentucky overcome poor shooting against instate rival Morehead State on Wednesday night. Kelenna Azubuike scored 19 of his 21 points in the second half 
Iraqis may extend election amid violence Iraq may modify plans for its first free election to give people more time to vote next month, officials said on Wednesday as suicide bombers and gunmen again struck Sunni Muslim towns north and west of the capital.
NATO seeks to boost image in Middle East Middle East. But the results have been patchy, with many in the Arab world regarding it as a. and social reforms in the Middle East and Africa.
Knicks Swat Hornets 86-79 (AP) AP - Stephon Marbury had 22 points and nine assists to help the New York Knicks end a three-game losing streak with an 86-79 victory over New Orleans on Wednesday night, dropping the Hornets to 0-9 at home.
Pistons Stop Raptors 90-86 in Overtime (AP) AP - Richard Hamilton scored six of his 19 points in overtime as the Detroit Pistons held off the Toronto Raptors 90-86 on Wednesday night.
Boston Red Sox Sign Pitcher Matt Mantei (Reuters) Reuters - The World Series Champion Boston\Red Sox have signed relief pitcher Matt Mantei to a one-year\contract worth  #36;750,000.
Boston Red Sox Sign Pitcher Matt Mantei  BOSTON (Sports Network) - The World Series Champion Boston  Red Sox have signed relief pitcher Matt Mantei to a one-year  contract worth \$750,000.
Padres Sign Williams and Blum  ST. LOUIS, Mo., (Sports Network) - San Diego signed pitcher  Woody Williams and infielder Geoff Blum on Wednesday to  one-year, free-agent contracts.
Oracle mixes messages on PeopleSoft support At its user conference on Wednesday, Oracle continued sending mixed messages to PeopleSoft customers concerned about how Oracle will support their products if it succeeds in its \$9.2 billion takeover bid.
Oracle CEO: Centralizing data took 5 years Oracle's recently completed consolidation to a single, global system for enterprise data took five years, Oracle Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison told OpenWorld attendees Wednesday during his keynote address at Oracle's user conference being held in San Francisco.
Giant Retailer Web Sites Hit With Outages Walmart.com, Amazon.com suffer site performance problems during holiday shopping.
NVidia Will Supply Graphics Chip for New PlayStation PlayStation 3 graphics chip will also be available for Sony digital consumer products.
Gazprom Gets \$10 Bln Loan, Plans Bond, Bankers Say (Update2) OAO Gazprom, the world #39;s biggest natural-gas company, will borrow \$10 billion from six banks led by Deutsche Bank AG to help finance a bid for OAO Yukos Oil Co.
Automakers draw battleline with California Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers filed suit on Tuesday to block California #39;s new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by the state in its final form in September.
Mobile firms sign 'Super 3G' deal NTT DoCoMo, Vodafone and 24 other mobile phone firms and manufacturers join forces to develop the next generation of high-speed networks.
NO NERVES FOR CONFIDENT ALMUNIA Arsenal goalkeeper Manuel Almunia insists he can handle the pressure if he keeps his place for Sundays Barclays Premiership showdown with Chelsea.
Gaza Settlers Seek to Keep Communities Residents of some Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip have proposed that their entire communities be moved to locations inside Israel under Prime Minister Ariel 
Gazprom board approves Yukos bid MOSCOW (AFP) - The Russian gas giant Gazprom said its board of directors had given its go-ahead for the state-controlled firm to bid for the main production unit of embattled oil group Yukos.
Cheaper flights to Britain VIRGIN Atlantic chairman Sir Richard Branson yesterday promised Australian travellers cheaper flights to Britain and attacked the cosy duopoly of Kangaroo route leaders Qantas Airways Ltd and British Airways.
Cheers Greet Rescuers in Aceh, Children Suffer  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - U.S. helicopters shuttled  injured refugees, many of them children, out of some of the  worst hit parts of tsunami-devastated Aceh province, even as  reports surfaced of trafficking in orphans from the disaster.
Asia Tech Stocks Weak, Dollar Firm (Reuters) Reuters - Weak tech stocks dragged Asian shares\lower on Thursday, outweighing the positive impact on exporters\of a dollar rebound, and knocking 1.2 percent off Tokyo shares\to threaten the biggest one-day fall since Nov. 22.
Doubts raised about robots fixing Hubble The nation #39;s most prominent science advisers Wednesday urged NASA to send shuttle astronauts instead of robots on a repair mission to the aging Hubble telescope because humans have a substantially greater chance of fixing it.
Scientists Crack Chicken #39;s Genetic Code Scientists have cracked the genetic code of the chicken, showing it shares about 60 percent of its genes with humans and has a common ancestor that lived about 310 million years ago.
Amazon creates greenhouse gas THE burning and deforestation of Brazil #39;s vast Amazon rain forest causes nearly 3 per cent of the world #39;s greenhouse gas emissions, according to a government report released today.
Ministry of Culture bans Premier Manager 2005 Ministry of Culture recently demanded the various cultural departments across the country to ban a kind of computer named Premier Manager 2005, or Soccer Manager 2005.
Knicks swat Hornets 86-79 Stephon Marbury had 22 points and nine assists to help the New York Knicks end a three-game losing streak with an 86-79 victory over New Orleans on Wednesday night, dropping the Hornets to 0-9 at home.
IBM Reassures Workers After Milestone China Deal During an IBM employee meeting here Wednesday, a worker got up and asked a question that perhaps only 10 years ago would have been unthinkable: If he wanted 
Auto Makers Sue to Block New California Emission Rule DALLAS -- Auto makers filed suit Tuesday to block California from forcing the companies to make cars and trucks that emit lower levels of global-warming gases.
Hospitals Use Technology to Aid Patients (AP) AP - Lucille Lamarca could feel her heart begin to beat at a worrisome pace as she lay there alone in the intensive care unit at Buffalo General Hospital with a heart condition. Then from a speaker came a reassuring voice.
IceRocket Launches RSS Feed Builder IceRocket Launches RSS Feed Builder\\IceRocket is at it again! The search engine that brought the world a hip alternative to Google along with news, blog, and MoBlog search has just added an excellent tool for web site publishers, an RSS Feed Builder. IceRocket's RSS Builder is an easy to use ...
Google AdSense to Introduce Animated Banner Advertising Google AdSense to Introduce Animated Banner Advertising\\Google has announced a number of changes for their Adsense advertising program that has become the mainstay of many blogs and websites. In what could be considered somewhat contriversial, Google has announced as part of an expansion of its image ad program they will ...
Search Engine Friendly Blog URLs and other Word Tricks Search Engine Friendly Blog URL's and other Word Tricks\\When writing a blog, particularly for the first time, the last thing many bloggers consider is the use of Search Engine Friendly (SEF) Blog URL's. SEF Blog URL's are an important tool for driving traffic to your blog utilising the billions of ...
Blingo Search Engine Offers Prizes To Users Blingo Search Engine Offers Prizes To Users\\Blingo is a new search engine offering users something extra along with their search results. Every time users search on Blingo, they also have a chance to win a prize instantly. Don't confuse Blingo with Plinko, the Price is Right game where we all ...
EffectiveBrand Showcases Travelocity Travel Search Toolbar EffectiveBrand Showcases Travelocity Travel Search Toolbar\\Busy travelers shopping for the right priced flights, hotel rooms, and car rentals have turned to Travelocity on many occassions for their online travel needs. Making Travelocity one of the premier online travel sites - compared with Yahoo Travel and MSN's Expedia. Such popularity in ...
Oracle piles Files, App Server and Collab Suite on users McNealy warns Ellison: 'Beware of our Redmond friends'
For Satellite Radio Fans, Northern Exposure Canadian musicians may get more exposure if satellite radio, with its hundreds of channels, is approved in Canada.
All This, and They Take Pictures, Too What will \$300 buy in a digital camera this year? A comparison of a dozen models to see how much quality (and how many megapixels) you can get.
Giving Gamers Another Window on Their World The newest piece of hardware in the video game wars, the Nintendo DS hand-held console, is out to prove that two is better than one.
Tom Swift's New Camera, Ready for Space and Spies Clifford Ross has invented a camera capable of producing negatives containing 100 times as much data as the average professional digital camera.
Campina and Arla churn up dairy merger Falling milk prices, evaporating European Union subsidies and tougher demands by supermarket chains yesterday nudged two of Europe #39;s leading dairy companies into the biggest merger in the continent #39;s dairy industry.
DreamWorks Animation delays release of Shrek 3 by six months DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc., the studio behind the animated hit Shrek 2, said Wednesday that Shrek 3 will be released six months later than previously scheduled as the result in a shift in marketing strategy.
Economy expands, but only marginally The economic growth rate in the July-September period was revised slightly downward from an already weak preliminary report, the government said Wednesday.
UTC makes new offer for Kidde as deadline looms UNITED TECHNOLOGIES (UTC), which has just seven days left to launch a formal bid for Kidde, is likely to ask the Takeover Panel for a deadline extension, after raising its offer by 42 million to 1.39 billion yesterday.
Giving a little bit back Its mid-morning and a cold breeze scuttles leaves and small debris past Kenny Banks as he stands in the shade of Kmarts entrance, ringing his bell.
Supreme Court Limits Trademark Protection By Bloomberg News. The United States Supreme Court limited the scope of federal trademark protection yesterday, saying that rival companies in some cases can use proprietary terms even when that might cause confusion among customers.
Tech Buying Guide: DVD Players and Recorders DVD players: Buying a DVD player shouldn #39;t be a problem these days, but understanding all the features crammed into it may be.
MN to issue high-tech-driver #39;s licenses Minnesota will soon begin issuing new driver #39;s licenses that contain high-tech features to curb counterfeiting, as well as a  quot;status check quot; that will show a driver #39;s immigration status.
Shaq Leads Heat Past Bucks 101-96 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal scored eight of his 18 points in the fourth quarter, leading the Miami Heat to a 101-96 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night.
Raptors Carter Hurt; Pistons Roll in OT AUBURN HILLS, Mich., Dec. 8 (Ticker) -- Richard Hamilton scored 19 points, including six in overtime, as the Detroit Pistons outlasted the Toronto Raptors, 90-86.
Knicks Swat Hornets 86-79 New York Knicks #39; Stephon Marbury (3) fires over New Orleans Hornets #39; Dan Dickau (2) during the second half in New Orleans Wednesday night, Dec. 8, 2004.
Sands Eyes More Casino-Hotels in Macau (AP) AP - U.S. gaming company Las Vegas Sands Inc. wants to build six more hotels that include some casinos in an area of the southern Chinese gambling enclave of Macau it hopes to model after the Las Vegas Strip.
Singapore growth set to contract Singapore's economy grows by 8.1 in 2004,  as a surge in manufacturing demand drove its best performance since 2000.
Aborigines Accuse Gov't. of Humiliation (AP) AP - The Australian government has been accused of humiliating Aborigines plagued by a blinding infection after offering to provide their community with a gasoline pump if they agreed to make their children wash their faces twice a day.
College Basketball: Kentucky, Virginia Win  LEXINGTON, Ky. (Sports Network) - Kelenna Azubuike poured  in a game-high 21 points, Shagari Alleyne added 11 points and  Kentucky rolled past Morehead State, 71-40, in non-conference  play at Rupp Arena.
Billboard awards honour hitmakers R B stars Usher and Alicia Key  dominate the Billboard Awards in Las Vegas.
Attacks Sabotage Iraq Reconstruction While attacks on U.S. soldiers remain fairly random and opportunistic, insurgent fighters are targeting places that Iraqis rely on for assistance, frustrating politicians, police and U.S. Army officers.
Powell Urges Europe To Reconcile With U.S. Secretary of State Colin L. Powell urged Europeans on Wednesday to put aside their differences with the United States over the Iraq war, arguing that Americans and Europeans have common values and face similar threats that should outweigh the controversies of recent years.
A Rousing Comeback For Home of the Beatles Two decades ago, when this seaport city was mired in a deep and seemingly endless recession, Mike Byrne, a local musician and businessman, sought public funds to help build an exhibition dedicated to Liverpool's most famous native sons, the Beatles.
Gunfire Wounds 14 as Venezuela Street Vendors Riot &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan police firingtear gas and shotgun pellets clashed with rioting streetvendors in Caracas on Wednesday and 14 people were treated forgunshot wounds, officials and witnesses said.&lt;/p&gt;
Halliburton Focuses on Brazil Project Halliburton Co. has finalized an agreement to resolve outstanding issues with a troublesome project off the coast of Brazil, the company announced Wednesday.
Halliburton Settles Brazil Oil Project &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; HOUSTON (Reuters) - Oilfield services company HalliburtonCo. &lt;HAL.N&gt; on Wednesday said its KBR unit had settled alloutstanding issues with state-owned Brazilian oil companyPetrobras over the Barracuda-Caratinga project, which has beenplagued by delays and cost overruns.&lt;/p&gt;
Oil chief held over \$550m trading loss China Aviation Oil (Singapore) chief executive Chen Jiulin, who was suspended last week after the company lost about \$550 million (R3.16 billion) trading derivatives, was arrested on his return to Singapore from China, police said yesterday.
Brown to press for  #39;Marshall Plan for Africa #39; Gordon Brown has declared that the creation of a  quot;Marshall Plan for Africa quot; is at the heart of the government #39;s agenda for its presidency of the Group of Eight in 2005, seeking 
Oil Prices Rise for Second Day in a Row (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rose for the second day in\a row on Thursday with an Arctic blast forecast to hit the\United States next week, ramping up demand for heating fuels.
Nikkei Falls as Xilinx Hits Tech Shares (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei stock average fell to a\one-week low by midsession on Thursday after some tech issues\were hit by a bearish outlook from U.S. chip maker Xilinx Inc.
Oil Prices Rise for Second Day in a Row  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rose for the second day in  a row on Thursday with an Arctic blast forecast to hit the  United States next week, ramping up demand for heating fuels.
Nikkei Falls as Xilinx Hits Tech Shares  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei stock average fell to a  one-week low by midsession on Thursday after some tech issues  were hit by a bearish outlook from U.S. chip maker Xilinx Inc.
Dollar Extends Recovery Against Euro, Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded for a second session  on Thursday as traders and investors took profits on bets  against the U.S. currency before the year draws to a close.
Fannie Mae Settles Case in Mortgage Scam Fannie Mae yesterday agreed to pay the government \$7.5 million to settle a case in which the Justice Department alleged that the giant housing-finance company knowingly accepted proceeds of a mortgage scam.
New DVD Has Dual-Layered Surface (AP) AP - Two Japanese companies said Tuesday they have developed a DVD that can play on both existing machines and the upcoming high-definition players, raising hopes for a smooth transition as more people dump old TV sets for better screens.
Scientists decode chicken DNA The latest creature to have its DNA fully decoded is the chicken. Scientists from 49 countries announce the completion of the International Chicken Genome Sequencing Project today in the science journal Nature.
Oracle, Dell, Intel, and EMC join to develop Megagrid SAN FRANCISCO, Calif.--Oracle, Dell, Intel, and EMC are joining forces on a project aimed at combining their core technologies and technical resources to develop an enterprise grid computing 
REVIEW: Waterproof IPod Housing All Wet (AP) AP - After you've joined the music revolution and plunked down  #36;250 for an Apple iPod mini, it's easy to become quite protective of the little gizmo.
U.K., Irish Leaders Unveil Peace Package (AP) AP - The British and Irish prime ministers unveiled a sweeping new Northern Ireland peace plan Wednesday that offered solutions to issues  #151; particularly Irish Republican Army disarmament  #151; that have bedeviled negotiations for a decade.
Congress Votes to Free Up E-Rate Funds (Reuters) Reuters - Legislation to free hundreds of\millions of dollars in subsidies for school Internet\connections that had been frozen by a change in accounting\rules won final approval on Wednesday from the U.S. Congress.
UN members give Annan standing ovation in first appearance after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS - Secretary General Kofi Annan received a standing ovation Wednesday from diplomats representing the 191 UN member states, a rare public display of support for the beleaguered UN chief following recent calls for his resignation from 
Karzai turns attention to Afghanistans drug trade KABUL - Only two days after his inauguration, President Hamid Karzai is already trying to get the message out -- Afghanistan needs to stem its booming drugs trade if the country is going to move forward.
N-capable Hatf-IV test-fired ISLAMABAD, Dec 8: Pakistan successfully test-fired Hatf-IV (Shaheen-I), a nuclear-capable medium-range surface-to-surface ballistic missile, it was officially announced here on Wednesday.
Palestinian presidential candidate says Israeli soldiers beat him RAMALLAH - Palestinian presidential candidate Mustafa Barghouti said on Wednesday that Israeli soldiers had beat him at an army checkpoint south of Jenin in the West Bank.
Worldwide PC Market Is Expected to Grow (AP) AP - The global personal computer market is expected to grow at a modest pace in 2005 as the economic recovery slows, according to a report Wednesday by a market research firm.
Alamosa to Buy AirGate for  #36;392 Million (Reuters) Reuters - Alamosa Holdings Inc.  will\acquire AirGate PCS Inc.  for  #36;392 million in stock\creating the largest Sprint Corp.  wireless affiliate,\the companies said on Wednesday.
McNealy: Sun still strong on Oracle (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SAN FRANCISCO -- Despite Oracle #8217;s strategic push for Linux- and Intel-based deployments, Sun Microsystems retains its position as the leading platform for Oracle, Sun Chairman and CEO Scott McNealy said Wednesday at the Oracle OpenWorld conference here.
Oracle's Ellison Confident in PeopleSoft (AP) AP - Oracle Corp. CEO Larry Ellison reiterated his determination to prevail in a long-running takeover battle with rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc., predicting the proposed deal will create a more competitive company with improved customer service.
HP Pressured to Sell PC Business After IBM Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co.  will be\under pressure to sell its personal computer business after\IBM's decision to sell its PC operations to China's top PC\manufacturer, but analysts said the No. 2 computer maker would\hold on to its  #36;25 billion PC division for now.
Apple pitches music industry on U2-style promos (MacCentral) MacCentral - U2 has been a familiar sight to iTunes Music Store visitors in recent weeks, with the online music store featuring everything from a U2-themed iPod to a digital boxed set of the Irish rock band's recordings. And if Apple has its way, other musical acts will enjoy a similar promotional push as part of an effort to bolster business at the online store, the director of iTunes product marketing told a gathering of music industry executives Wednesday.
Blair Seeks New Global Climate Pact with Bush -Paper (Reuters) Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is\trying to involve the United States in an new international\treaty on global warming, The Times newspaper said on Thursday.
Pygmy Chimpanzees on Brink of Extinction -WWF (Reuters) Reuters - Pygmy chimpanzees, one of\humanity's closest living relatives, have been pushed to the\brink of extinction in the war-battered Democratic Republic of\Congo, conservation group WWF International said on Thursday.
Astronauts, Not Robots Should Upgrade Hubble-Panel (Reuters) Reuters - Shuttle astronauts would do a better\job of upgrading NASA's aging Hubble Space Telescope than\space-faring robots -- with less risk, astronautical experts\reported on Wednesday.
NASA Urged to Scrap Hubble Robot Rescue (AP) AP - NASA should use astronauts, not a robot, to carry out a crucial life-prolonging mission to the acclaimed Hubble Space Telescope one last time, a National Academy of Sciences panel concluded Wednesday.
Pygmy Chimpanzee May Be Near Extinction (AP) AP - One of man's closest relatives, the pygmy chimpanzee, may be much closer to extinction than previously thought, a conservation group said Thursday.
Chicken Genome Should Boost DNA Research (AP) AP - In their first detailed and comprehensive look at the DNA of chickens, scientists have found that 60 percent of the bird's genes have close cousins in humans. They say such analysis should prove valuable in learning more about the human genome.
Summary: New Drug Fights Breast Cancer (AP) AP - THE REPORT: Doctors are reporting that a new breast cancer drug, Arimidex, and others in its class outperform the tried-and-true tamoxifen at preventing recurrence in older women.
Sox Meet With Martinez Pedro Martinez briefly meets with Red Sox owner John Henry and president Larry Lucchino while passing through the airport.
Alomar Signs With Texas Six-time All-Star catcher Sandy Alomar Jr. agrees to a one-year contract with the Rangers to be a part-time player next season.
The Season's Seesaw of Sales Shoppers expecting big, across-the-board price cuts in the run-up to Christmas may be in for an unpleasant surprise.
Chiron's  Suspension Extended British regulators have extended their suspension of Chiron Corp.'s license to manufacture flu vaccine, jeopardizing the company's ability to sell millions of flu shots in the United States next flu season.
Job Provision Born of Riggs Scandal  Congress's newly passed intelligence  bill contains a provision adopted in response to the Riggs Bank scandal: It requires senior federal bank examiners to wait a year before accepting private-sector jobs with financial institutions they regulated as government employees.
'Retired' Rapper Finds a Job Atop Def Jam Proving yet again that he is the hardest-working retiree in music, the rap megastar Jay-Z has agreed to become the president of Universal Music Group's Def Jam Recordings label.
NBC Gives Martha Stewart an After-Prison Show Martha Stewart will host an hour-long, daily syndicated show with a live audience when she gets out of prison, her company said today.
Top Russian Mobile Operator VimpelCom Handed \$157M Tax Bill Russias Federal Tax Service has presented the countrys second largest mobile operator VimpelCom with tax claims for 2001. The total amount of claims including fines and penalties is 4.4 billion rubles (\$157 million).
NBA Wrap: Timberwolves Rout Sixers by 35 Points (Reuters) Reuters - Eddie Griffin scored a career-high 27\points and Latrell Sprewell returned from suspension to score\24 as Minnesota clobbered the Philadelphia 76ers 119-84 in
Georgias Pollack wins Lombardi Award The schools all-time leader in sacks with 33, the senior defensive end added something even more prestigious to his legacy Wednesday as he was named winner of the Lombardi Award by the Rotary Club of Houston.
Grizzlies 97, Hawks 89 ATLANTA The Memphis Grizzlies beat Atlanta 97-to-89 tonight for their third win in four games under new coach Mike Fratello. Mike Miller and Stromile Swift added 13 points, and Lorenzen Wright and Earl Watson each had eleven for the Grizzlies.
BLAIR PEACE HOPES A HISTORIC deal to end IRA violence forever will be struck, Tony Blair insisted yesterday. The PM remained optimistic after Ulster #39;s politicians failed to come to a landmark agreement.
Nato Holds Key Talks with Israel and Arab States Nato has held unprecedented ministerial talks with Israel and six Arab nations aiming to strengthen ties with friends on the alliances volatile southern and south-eastern flanks.
Soccer: Real, Liverpool Advance in Champions League  LONDON (Reuters) - Former European champions Real Madrid  and Liverpool scored vastly contrasting victories to reach the  knockout round of the Champions League Wednesday.
Search Engine Optimization For Blogs Search Engine Optimization For Blogs  \\Blogging software is really a simple Content Management System (CMS) that easily adds new pages and integrates them into your site's navigational structure and linkage. Blogs and blog posts are naturally search engine friendly because they are text-rich, link-rich, frequently-updated webpages that use stylesheets ...
Campina, Arla agree to merge to form largest dairy cooperative LONDON, December 8 (newratings.com) - European dairy firms, Arla Foods AmbA (ARU.ISE) and Campina BV, have agreed to merge and form the worlds largest farmer owned dairy cooperative.
Sophos declares Netsky-P worst virus of 2004 com December 8, 2004, 9:37 AM PT. Netsky-P tops the list of the worst virus outbreaks in 2004--a year marked with nearly a 52 percent increase in new viruses, according to a report 
Ajax make point to grab UEFA slot AMSTERDAM, Netherlands -- Ajax Amsterdam qualified for the UEFA Cup after finishing third in Champions League Group C with a 2-2 draw against Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
Carter injured in Raptors OT loss CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Raptors extended the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons to overtime but to little avail, losing 90-86 and Vince Carter to injury.
No. 16 Minnesota 60, Wis-Green Bay 51 GREEN BAY, Wis. - Janel McCarville had her usual double-double down low, but it was two big outside shots from the guards that made the difference for No.
Differences on Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus minor hiccup: Tarigami New Delhi, Dec. 8 (PTI): Terming the differences between India and Pakistan regarding the proposed Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service a  quot;minor hiccup quot;, CPI(M) leader from Jammu and Kashmir Yusuf Tarigami, said he was hopeful of the bus link starting soon.
Shares of PC maker Lenovo slump after IBM deal HONG KONG : Shares in China #39;s largest personal computer-maker Lenovo fell in Hong Kong trade, as they resumed trading after the company #39;s purchase of American IBM #39;s PC-making business.
Colgate-Palmolive cuts back Colgate-Palmolive, the consumer products company, said yesterday that it would close about a third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years as part 
High Court decants controversial cases over direct shipment of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Dec. 7, wine became an issue in the halls of the US Supreme Court. Oral arguments were heard in two cases that challenge bans on interstate, direct-to-consumer wine shipments in Michigan and New York, meaning 
Oh, Christmas Tree For the past five years, Margaret and Phillip Moore have been making the three-hour drive up from Atlanta to choose and cut their own Christmas tree from Ds Trees, a farm located on Cane Creek in Cullowhee.
South America Eyes EU-Style Integration (Reuters) Reuters - South American leaders on Wednesday\launched a regional integration pact they said would go beyond\rhetoric and usher in European-style unity, but only half the\future bloc's 12 presidents turned up to sign it.
US Special Forces Punished for Iraq Prisoner Abuse (Reuters) Reuters - Four U.S. troops serving on an elite\special operations task force have been disciplined for abusing\prisoners in Iraq, including unauthorized use of Taser\electric-shock weapons, the Pentagon said on Wednesday.
Benitez Laughing All the Way to the Bank Rafael Benitez won a prized reputation in Spain as a lucky manager...and hes certainly brought all that good fortune with him to Liverpool.
Woods give up number one to Vijay Fame is nice. Fame gets you money, women and if you just so happen to be an athlete, your name in video games. Thousands of professional and college athletes around the country participate in these video games 
Car Bomb Blast Near Allawi HQ in Baghdad Kills 2  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber targeted a  police checkpoint on a road leading to the headquarters of  Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's party in western Baghdad on  Monday, killing at least two people, officials and witnesses  said.
Tsunami Aid Faces Destruction and Possibly Pirates  BANGKOK, Thailand (Reuters) - The massive Asian tsunami  relief operation faces absolute chaos and "a wall of  devastation" in Indonesia as well as the threat of pirates  plundering aid, relief groups struggling to help thousands in  camps said on Monday.
Missile test will not affect dialogue process with India: Pak : Islamabad, Dec 8 : Pakistan said today #39;s test-firing of its nuclear-capable ballistic missile, having a range of 700 km, will not affect the ongoing dialogue process with India and create a tense atmosphere between the two countries.
British court orders release of files in Britain-Indonesia probe (AFP) AFP - A British court has ordered the release of files disclosing payments by a leading British arms company to the daughter of former Indonesian president Suharto, the Guardian newspaper reports.
Australian government offers Aborigines petrol if they wash their children (AFP) AFP - Australia's conservative government has offered to supply a remote Aboriginal township with fuel if parents agreed to wash their children, under a controversial plan to end health problems plaguing indigenous communities.
US Special Forces Punished for Iraq Prisoner Abuse  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four U.S. troops serving on an elite  special operations task force have been disciplined for abusing  prisoners in Iraq, including unauthorized use of Taser  electric-shock weapons, the Pentagon said on Wednesday.
Twenty Filipinos Found Alive in Rubble After Storm  MANILA (Reuters) - About 20 survivors were found on  Thursday in a building that collapsed 10 days earlier during a  fierce storm and landslides that devastated Real town in the  northern Philippines, a radio station quoted rescuers as  saying.
US and EU hail Ukrainian reforms The US and the EU welcome reforms approved by Ukraine's parliament which pave the way for a new election
Sale of IBM unit doesn #39;t mean ThinkPads will cease to exist This week, IBM said it is selling off most of its PC division to Lenovo, China #39;s No. 1 PC maker. The news is likely to rattle IBM customers - but it may end up benefiting them long term.
Saudi Arabia questions need for Opec action on cutting oil supply CAIRO - Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Ali Al Naimi said yesterday that world oil stocks were not building too fast and questioned the need for Opec to act on supply with prices still above the groups formal target.
Don #39;t Stop Dealmaking It has been a long and tortured courtship. For years, health-care giant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ ) has held on-again, off-again acquisition talks with medical-device maker Guidant (GDT ). Now Wall Street sources say the companies are talking again.
Campina merger forms largest diary co-operative AMSTERDAM - Dutch diary company Campina announced on Wednesday it would merge with Danish-Swedish firm Arla Foods to create the world #39;s largest farmer-owned diary corporation with an annual turnover of EUR 10 billion.
DreamWorks postpones  #39;Shrek 3 #39; SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- DreamWorks Animation SKG said after the bell Wednesday that it has decided to postpone the release of  quot;Shrek 3 quot; to May 2007 from the original target date of November 2006.
Congress to back aid for Internet schools WASHINGTON -- Congress guaranteed the flow of Internet aid to schools and libraries and provided federal funds to upgrade emergency 911 services for calls from mobile phones in a communications bill approved Wednesday and sent to the president for his 
Fannie Mae to forfeit millions WASHINGTON -- In a deal with the government, the mortgage company Fannie Mae has agreed to forfeit \$7.5 million after being accused of accepting money it knew had been lost by a federal agency in a fraud scheme.
South Korea to curb hostile foreign takeover bids (AFP) AFP - South Korea has introduced new rules to help domestic firms protect themselves from hostile takeover bids by foreign investors.
Disney Sides With The Blu-ray Disc Assocation The Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA) today announced that The Walt Disney Company will become a member of the Board of Directors of the BDA, and will begin releasing content non-exclusively in the Blu-ray Disc format when Blu-ray hardware launches in North 
Panel questions hubble mission A leading panel of experts handed NASA #39;s leadership a sharp reproof Wednesday, concluding that the space shuttle should be used to service the Hubble Space Telescope and 
The chicken and the genome Scientists have analyzed the genetic makeup of chickens, and it is providing valuable information about how human genes work. Washington University Genome Sequencing Center led a group of international researchers 
Enigmatic deep-space object may have a hot secret A giant rock spotted on the fringes of the Solar System has frozen water crystals on its surface, an intriguing discovery that suggests it may harbour volcanic activity, a study says.
Nintendo is shipping more DS game units Nintendo Co. said it is boosting holiday shipments of its new Nintendo DS dual-screen hand-held gaming device to 1.4 million in North America, from the previously announced 1 million, to help alleviate shortages and meet consumer demand for the device.
Cat gets MBA degree in US online scam In an expanding worldwide market of e-learning, an online university in the United States is being sued for allegedly selling bogus degrees, including an MBA degree awarded to a cat.
Mantei #39;s up in bullpen The Red Sox stats, schedule #39; starting rotation still has two significant spots to be addressed, but the bullpen is near completion with the addition of veteran Matt Mantei.
UNDATED: LSU (708). Janel McCarville had 16 points and 12 rebounds to lead Minnesota over previously unbeaten Wisconsin-Green Bay. It was the sixth straight victory for Minnesota (7-1), which got 12 points 
Annan gets ovation at UN despite US attack The whiff of scandal has been swirling around the UN for months. But now Kofi Annan himself, the man handpicked by the Americans to lead the organisation seven years ago, is on the ropes.
Japan Extends Iraq Troop Deployment One Year  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan approved an extension of its troop  deployment in Iraq Thursday for up to a year, a decision  opposed by most voters, who want to end the nation's riskiest  military mission since World War II.
Sooners Come Through Kevin Bookout scores all 12 of his points in the second half to lead Oklahoma to a 66-48 victory over Purdue.
Merck Gets a Breather -- for Now The beleaguered drug giant #39;s lowered forecast isn #39;t as bad as Wall Street expected. But investors still await the long-term prognosis.
Orioles Sign Utilityman Gomez to Bolster Bench The Baltimore Orioles strengthened their bench yesterday, signing veteran infielder Chris Gomez to a one-year minor league deal. Gomez, who hit .282 with three home runs last season as a reserve for the Toronto 
Three survive 11 days under collapsed building Two adults and a three-year-old girl have been pulled out alive after 11 days buried under a collapsed two-storey building in the Philippines #39; storm-hit town of Real, the local military commander said.
Nikkei at 5-Week Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei stock average fell 1.51  percent to a five-week closing low on Thursday as poor  machinery orders data followed sluggish growth figures that  undermined confidence in the economy a day earlier.
Infineon to build a fab in Malaysia to build chips for cars and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Infineon Technologies will build a fab in Kulim High Tech Park, Malaysia, to produce power supply and logic chips used in cars and industrial power applications, the firm announced on December 8. Infineon 
Technology ; Oracle to  #39;oversupport #39; PeopleSoft customer - Ellison  quot;(A merged company) will invest more in (business software) applications than Oracle and PeopleSoft could do independently and we #39;ll give SAP a good run, quot; Ellison said.
Stockland Buys Lensworth From Foster #39;s for A\$825 Mln (Update1) Stockland bought the Lensworth property development business from Foster #39;s Group Ltd. for A\$825 million (\$624 million), becoming Australia #39;s biggest residential property developer.
Ukraine's Opposition Sees Path to Victory (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine's opposition presidential hopeful\Viktor Yushchenko said on Wednesday parliament's vote to root\out cheating in elections opened the way for him to win a\re-run of a rigged poll.
Allen: Baseball must act quickly Sen. George Allen, R-Va., says Major League Baseball needs to move fast to toughen its steroids-testing policy in order to avoid congressional action.
Blair weary but not downhearted A disappointed but determined prime minister said last night he had not given up hope of reaching a lasting settlement in Northern Ireland.
NATO Seeks to Boost Image, Presence in Middle East (Reuters) Reuters - NATO foreign ministers held\unprecedented talks with ministers from Israel and six Arab\states on Wednesday as part of the alliance's bid to improve\its image and ties in the region.
Japan OKs Plan to Keep Troops in Iraq (AP) AP - Japan's Cabinet on Thursday approved a plan to keep Japanese troops in Iraq for another year, the trade minister said.
Nintendo Ups DS Console Shipment Target  TOKYO (Reuters) - Nintendo Co. Ltd. raised its 2004  shipment target for its DS handheld video game device by 40  percent to 2.8 million units on Thursday after many stores in  Japan and the United States sold out in the first week of  sales.
Blair 'pressing US on climate' Tony Blair tries to persuade the US to cut greenhouse gases amid concerns over climate change.
Ballerina Markova is remembered The funeral of one of the last century's greatest known ballerinas, Dame Alicia Markova, is held in Bath.
IBM agreement fuels nation #39;s foreign growth Lenovo Group #39;s takeover of IBM #39;s personal computer business is a giant step in a multibillion-dollar foreign expansion by China, which is buying auto, television and telecommunications companies abroad.
Stockland pays A\$825m for Fosters property unit Fosters, Australias largest beer and wine maker, has been trying to sell Lensworth, aiming to focus on its beverage business.
Dynegy falls on forecast 2005 loss SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Shares of energy company Dynegy plunged 10 percent Wednesday after the company slashed its 2004 earnings estimate and warned investors it faces losses that could go as high as \$391 million next year.
An open letter to the Linux community from PalmSource The following is a verbatim copy of a open letter to the Linux community issued by PalmSource. Read on for more information about the new acquisition and FAQs about how PalmSource will use the new resources and the new Palm OS Cobalt version of Linux.
HOW IT WORKS Giving Gamers Another Window on Their World THE newest piece of hardware in the video game wars, the Nintendo DS hand-held console, arrived in stores last month, out to prove that two is better than one, in more ways than one.
ON SOCCER 82,000 empty seats greet Madrid, Roma When Roma and Real Madrid took to the field Wednesday at the 82,000-seat Olympic Stadium in Rome, they walked into an empty stadium.
Talks to resume N. Ireland peace collapses No agreement has been reached in the negotiation between Northern Ireland #39;s Democratic Unionist Party, or DUP and its rival Sinn Fein, to resume peace talks.
Twenty Filipinos Found Alive in Rubble After Storm About 20 Filipinos were found alive in the rubble of a collapsed building on Thursday, 10 days after a fierce storm and landslides devastated several eastern and northern provinces, a radio station reported.
Nikkei Hits 5-Week Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei stock average fell 1.51  percent to a five-week closing low on Thursday as poor  machinery orders data followed sluggish growth figures that  undermined confidence in the economy a day earlier.
CSFB Asia Unit Rebounds After Defections  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Credit Suisse First Boston is  targeting Asia for growth while cutting elsewhere, as its  regional team springs back from high-profile defections to  boost its M A and debt financing business.
HP pressured to sell PC business after IBM SEATTLE, DEC 9: Hewlett-Packard Co will be under pressure to sell its personal computer business after IBM #39;s decision to sell its PC operations to China #39;s top PC manufacturer, but analysts said the No 2 computer maker would hold on to its \$25 billion PC 
Studios juggle release dates of animated films DreamWorks, Pixar and Disney have each rescheduled high-profile films in ways that could dramatically affect their earnings flow and status in 
Auto industry sues over California air plan Carmakers, dealers want to block rule to cut carbon dioxide emissions, saying only the feds can decide fuel economy. By Jeff Plungis / Detroit News Washington Bureau.
IRA Says Disarmament Pictures 'Never Possible' (Reuters) Reuters - The Irish Republican Army said on\Thursday it would never provide photographic proof of\disarmament as demanded by its Northern Ireland Protestant\opponents.
Coulthard tests for Red Bull David Coulthard #39;s Formula One prospects have received a boost with news of a test with the Red Bull team at Jerez in Spain. Coulthard, who has no confirmed seat for 2005 after 
NHL players, owners will meet to seek ways to save season The day after a caucus convened in Toronto to brainstorm ways to reinvigorate hockey, the brain trust in charge of the league descends on the game #39;s de facto capital with hopes of reviving the hockey season.
IRA Says Disarmament Pictures 'Never Possible'  BELFAST (Reuters) - The Irish Republican Army said on  Thursday it would never provide photographic proof of  disarmament as demanded by its Northern Ireland Protestant  opponents.
WMC says moves are  #39;business as usual #39; The chief executive of WMC Resources has denied the company #39;s share buyback and the sale of part of its business is designed to undermine a takeover offer from Swiss-based Xstrata.
Australia Stockland Pays A\$825M For Foster #39;s Lensworth-2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Stockland (SGP.AU) said Thursday it will pay A\$825 million, plus working capital of A\$21 million, for Lensworth, the property development business of Foster #39;s Group Ltd.
Merck #39;s stock rises despite cloudy outlook The big drug maker yesterday told Wall Street that the recent withdrawal of its Vioxx painkiller will dampen 2005 earnings even more than previously expected.
OUR OPINION Target #39;s decision to ban The Salvation Army bell ringers from stores has sparked a backlash, according to news reports from around the country.
Automakers Challenge CA CO 2 Regulation in Court As expected, the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers has joined a group of automobile dealers in Californias Central Valley to file suit against Californias new regulation of CO 2 emissions.
Sales soar in aerospace industry WASHINGTON -- After three dark years, the sun finally peeked through yesterday at the Aerospace Industries Association #39;s annual year-end review.
Toshiba Develops Dual-Format DVD Toshiba with NEC and Sanyo, are backing the next-generation DVD #39;s called HD-DVD or High-Definition DVD. According to Toshiba and a disc maker, they have developed a dual-layer ROM disc which stores data in 
Watch out Outlook, here comes Thunderbird THE Open Source Mozilla Project is on a roll and attracting favourable attention and interest right now. Its Firefox 1.0 browser, officially launched last month, has created enough buzz judging from the number of downloads to date.
Volcanic Activity Possible on Object Beyond Neptune A large planet-like object out in the realm of Pluto shows signs of either a relatively recent collision or perhaps volcanic activity, astronomers said today.
China Bans Video Game for Breach of Sovereignty China, sensitive about issues of national sovereignty, has banned a computer sports game that classifies Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and Tibet as countries and has threatened to fine Web sites that supply the game and net cafes that let 
Siemens sets up 1Gbit/s wireless link Siemens has claimed a world first for its transmission of data at a rate of 1Gbit/s over a wireless link. To achieve this rate, which is 20 times faster than today #39;s 50Mbit/s wireless LANs, researchers at 
Gritty Sonics roll on SAN ANTONIO -- Antonio Daniels scowled and every muscle in his body seemed steel-cable taut as he walked toward the Sonics #39; bench.
Former US Marine in Iraq tells Canadian board some comrades became &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A former US Marine in Iraq, testifying Wednesday at a hearing for an American military deserter seeking asylum in Canada, said several men 
Reports: Allawi says Iraq could spread out elections Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi says national elections scheduled for Jan. 30 could be staged over two or three weeks so that the military can protect voters in dangerous places.
Dollar Extends Rebound Against Euro, Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded for a second session  against the yen and the euro on Thursday as traders and  investors took profits on bets against the U.S. currency before  the year draws to a close.
Computershare Says No Wrongdoing in Probe  MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Computershare Ltd., the world's  largest share registry, said on Thursday a New York division  subpoenaed by U.S. market regulators investigating stock  surveillance firms had not broken any laws.
Oil Prices Rise for Second Day in a Row  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rose for the second day in  a row on Thursday with an Arctic blast forecast to hit the  United States next week seen ramping up demand for heating  fuels.
Swiss insurer sells UK life unit Swiss Life, Switzerland's largest insurer, sells its UK life assurance business for 205m.
An investing slam-dunk Leslie Alexander has led the kind of life people in the investment world dream about.
Aerospace firms' sales, jobs climb The aerospace industry bounced back this year with record sales and the first upswing in employment in five years as a result of  quot;robust quot; defense spending, according to an industry analysis released yesterday.
Snow to remain Treasury secretary Just days after the Washington rumor mill had John Snow leaving his job as Treasury secretary, President Bush yesterday said Snow was staying on.
Support builds for minimum wage hike Union leaders and advocates for the poor are uniting behind an effort to raise the state's \$6.75-an-hour minimum wage for the first time since 2001 and to tie future increases to the inflation rate, a move that would make Massachusetts only the fourth state in the nation to establish that link.
Drumbeat grows for OPEC cuts The possibility of a cut in OPEC production grew stronger yesterday after the oil minister of Saudi Arabia indicated he was aware of majority sentiment in favor of a reduction.
Merck slashes '05 forecast, citing Vioxx The withdrawal of painkiller Vioxx means Merck  amp; Co. will miss the already diminished expectations of Wall Street analysts for 2005, the drug maker said yesterday.
Growth of global PC market forecast to ease The global personal computer market will grow at a more modest pace in 2005 as the economic recovery slows, according to a report by a market research firm.
Retailers' accuracy high on toy pricing Massachusetts retailers are doing a good job of charging the correct prices for toys, according to a survey released by state regulators that found an accuracy rate of 99.5 percent at eight retailers. The state Division of Standards checked 6,493 toys at 65 stores and found 6,304 of them scanned at the correct price and 189 at an incorrect price. ...
Jury rules for franchisees in Shell trial A federal jury awarded more than \$3 million to eight Massachusetts gas station operators after finding Shell Oil Co. used unfair tactics that were effectively intended to drive them out of business.
SEC probes auditor's link to fund trustees TIAA-CREF, the largest US retirement fund, said the Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an informal inquiry into a relationship between auditor Ernst  amp; Young LLP and two former fund trustees.
Women's apparel store shifts into high gear ARLINGTON -- Despite a fear of heights and her claim to be  quot;the most unathletic person out there, quot; Becky Carriveau of Medford said she was inspired to sign up for a beginner's indoor rock-climbing class through the Wild Women Outfitters retail store in Arlington as a challenge for the coming year.
Vivendi to Sell 15 Stake in Veolia to Cut Debt (Update2) Vivendi Universal SA, owner of the world #39;s largest music company, said it will sell a 15 percent stake in Veolia Environnement SA to cut debt and focus on its media business.
Aerospace firms #39; sales, jobs climb The aerospace industry bounced back this year with record sales and the first upswing in employment in five years as a result of  quot;robust quot; defense 
Ah, the whiff of a very old yolk It is one of the world #39;s oldest questions: Why did the chicken cross the road? It might seem like a  #39;poultry #39; subject to weigh on the minds of hundreds of scientists, but research published yesterday has brought us a little closer to the answer.
Longest-serving astronaut to retire HOUSTON -- The longest-serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded the first space shuttle mission, has announced his retirement after 42 years at NASA.
Lucent shines a little brighter It #39;s been a good two weeks for Lucent. Just when it looked like the troubled vendor was set to come in behind the pack in the 3G contract race, the carrier jumped ahead with two gigantic contract wins.
Two China Banks Uncover Fake Web Sites (Reuters) Reuters - Two of China's leading banks have\identified fake Web sites in recent days and reported them to\the country's public security organs, bank officials said on\Thursday.
EU sees no lifting of China arms ban The European Union and China agreed to boost relations yesterday, but the EU made clear there can be no early lifting of its 15-year-old 
Japan extends troops mission in Iraq Japan #39;s cabinet decided Thursday to extend the Self-Defense Forces #39; (SDF) humanitarian assistance operation in Iraq by one year until Dec. 14, 2005.
UN General Assembly welcomes Annan #39;s call for reform The UN General Assembly has given Secretary-General Kofi Annan a symbolic show of support in the face of calls by some US lawmakers for his resignation.
United States Blanks Mexico 5-0 (AP) AP - The security guards were trying to hustle Mia Hamm off the field, but she was having none of it. Making a U-turn, Hamm headed directly to a group of young fans seated in the stands who were screaming for her autograph.
Lenovo shares slump after IBM deal (AFP) AFP - Shares in China's largest personal computer-maker Lenovo fell in Hong Kong trade, as they resumed trading after the company's purchase of American IBM's PC-making business.
Timely Iraq Vote a Point of Pride (AP) AP - For an administration that likes to make the trains run on time, the Jan. 30 elections scheduled in Iraq are light at the end of a dark and violent tunnel.
Sharon Warns of Snap Elections Without Likud Backing  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  urged his Likud party on Thursday to vote for a governing  alliance with the Labour Party, warning that failure to do so  would force snap elections and derail his Gaza withdrawal plan.  Internal polls predict victory for Sharon in a crucial ballot  by the rightist Likud's Central Committee on whether to allow  him to open talks with center-left Labour on joining a unity  coalition to shore up his shattered government.
Rivers: It starts with stops Doc Rivers was on the defensive following practice yesterday at The Arena, though purely in a basketball sense, which had nothing to do with the frustrations of Paul Pierce or the ongoing constructive criticism of Gary Payton.
Brady is passing the true test Tom Brady in a slump? It's hard to imagine after a 24-3 win over Baltimore and a 42-15 romp over Cleveland the last two weeks.
Lieber goes to the Phillies Jon Lieber agreed to a deal with the Philadelphia Phillies, Al Leiter returned to the Florida Marlins, and Woody Williams went back to the San Diego Padres as major league teams moved quickly to grab starting pitchers yesterday after the first free-agent deadline of the offseason passed.
Free agents offered arbitration Players offered arbitration have until Dec. 19 to either accept or reject. Players who reject arbitration may sign with former club until Jan. 8 (or after May 1).
NHL players to put new offer on table Any hope of saving the NHL season hinges on whether the next proposal by the Players Association stirs serious negotiating.
Knicks snap out of it Stephon Marbury had 22 points and nine assists to help the New York Knicks end a three-game losing streak with an 86-79 victory over New Orleans last night, dropping the Hornets to 0-9 at home.
Creamer already appears to be rising to top She couldn't accept the \$6,000 first-place prize, but no big deal. Paula Creamer had known that going into the tournament. But the free ticket from American Airlines? That was OK -- and quite amusing to the 18-year-old.
Sharon seeks coalition go-ahead Israeli PM Ariel Sharon's Likud party is to  vote on whether to invite the opposition Labour Party into the coalition.
Laptops may damage male fertility Men who use laptop computers may inadvertently be risking their fertility, experts believe.
Chess masters bloom in ancient desert city BEERSHEBA, Israel -- Beersheba is a city of humble origins. Once known as a biblical oasis, it became in its later incarnation a desert backwater.
Reform vote eases crisis in Ukraine KIEV -- The bitter political crisis that has gripped Ukraine for more than two weeks eased dramatically yesterday as parliament overwhelmingly approved a compromise package of laws strengthening safeguards against electoral fraud while weakening presidential powers.
Putin plan to appoint governors is approved MOSCOW -- President Vladimir Putin's plan to end the election of governors by popular vote passed its final hurdle yesterday, when the Russian parliament's upper chamber approved the bill. The law -- part of a package that has been assailed by opposition parties and human rights monitors as an attempt by the Kremlin to strengthen its authority at the expense ...
US consulate attack  JIDDA, Saudi Arabia -- The five men who attacked the US consulate are being vilified by some Saudis as criminals, not lauded as heroes, even though they targeted the offices of a country that remains unpopular among many Arabs.
Brazil a leading world polluter, report says BRASILIA -- Burning of the Amazon and other forests accounts for three quarters of Brazil's greenhouse gas emissions and has made the country one of the leading polluters in the world, a long-delayed government report said yesterday.
N. Korea head purges key official SEOUL -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Il recently purged his brother-in-law from the government, removing a powerful party official who was thought to be a possible rival to Kim and his sons, South Korean intelligence officials have reported.
4 soldiers disciplined in abuse case WASHINGTON -- At least four members of a special operations task force in Iraq have been disciplined in connection with an investigation of the abuse of prisoners, a Pentagon spokesman said yesterday. In at least one case the violation involved a Taser stun gun.
Federal judge orders soldier back to Iraq WASHINGTON -- A soldier who challenged an Army policy requiring him to serve past the date of his enlistment contract must return for duty in Iraq while his lawsuit is under review, a federal judge ruled yesterday.
Plea to the democratic world: Ukraine needs your support Ukraine needs your support. On Sunday December 26, 2004, a re-vote of the run-off for the Presidential Election in Ukraine is planned.  nbsp;Anyone who is over the age of 18 and a citizen of another country (i.e. other than Ukraine) can become an international observer.  nbsp;(Ukrainian citizens can be local observers)  nbsp;The Ukrainian Canadian Congress (UCC), in cooperation with the Ukrainian Congress Committee of America (UCCA), has organized international election observers for the first two rounds and are now seeking observers for round three.  nbsp;You do not need to be Canadian to register through the UCC, you may be a citizen of any country except Ukraine.  nbsp;You can make a contribution to democracy in Ukraine and spend the most interesting Christmas ever by coming to Ukraine to observe the elections.
Disney Backs Sony's Blu-Ray for New DVD Format  LOS ANGELES/TOKYO (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co. said on  Wednesday it would support the Blu-ray standard for  next-generation DVDs backed by Sony Corp., but kept open its  options for a rival format championed by Toshiba Corp.
IBM Reassures Workers After Milestone Deal IBM will sell its once vaunted personal computer business to Lenovo Group Ltd., the leading computer maker in China.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
On Local Sites, Everyone's a Journalist Several notable ventures have launched or raised money this year to create local news sites online in which readers contribute all or most of the news.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Use Shuttle To Fix Hubble, NASA Is Told The space shuttle should be used to service the Hubble Space Telescope and can do the job  without posing unacceptable risks to the astronauts, NASA's leadership was told Wednesday.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Filipino Rescuers Pull 4 Storm Survivors (AP) AP - At least four survivors were pulled Thursday from a building that collapsed in mudslides 10 days ago, while the death toll from devastating storms in the Philippines' northeast rose to at least 842, with more than 750 people missing.
Kraft Sells UK Desserts Unit for \$135 Mln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kraft Foods Inc. said on Thursday it  has agreed to sell its UK desserts unit to Premier Foods Plc  for \$135 million in a bid to focus on larger-scale businesses.
For Young Armenians, a Promised Land Without Promise An independent Armenia has proved too constricting and its promise too distant for the next generation's ambitions.
The Terminator takes on Detroit Nine automakers, led by Toyota and General Motors, have sued to block California #39;s new greenhouse gas regulation, which would require a 30 percent cut in emissions from cars and trucks sold in the state by 2016.
Ellision: Oracle to  #39;oversupport #39; PeopleSoft customer SAN FRANCISCO - Business software maker Oracle Corp. will do everything it can to support PeopleSoft Inc. customers, who are vital to the success of Oracle #39;s proposed \$9.2 billion takeover of PeopleSoft, Oracle 
Target getting bum rap for ending  #39;ringer #39; favoritism Target Corp. is being treated as the Grinch who stole Christmas because it bent its rules to play Santa Claus for Salvation Army bell-ringers for years -- to the tune of about \$9 million a year.
Will Blu-ray Zap a Rival DVD Format? Three major movie studios have signed on for Sony #39;s high-definition technology for the discs. But a competitor has drawn big support, too.
Orange Bowl will showcase four of five Heisman Trophy finalists LOS ANGELES - As Reggie Bush neared the goal line on the first of his two jaw-dropping long-distance touchdowns runs, the University of Southern California game-breaker went airborne.
Japanese Troops Authorised to Stay in Iraq Japans Cabinet today approved a plan to keep Japanese troops in Iraq for another year. Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, a vocal supporter of the US-led invasion of Iraq, had argued the dispatch was needed 
Barghouti still in PA race Jerusalem Fatah leader Ahmed Ghanem, a close associate of Marwan Barghouti, was appointed with Barghouti #39;s approval to head the jailed Fatah leader #39;s election campaign for PA chairman.
Panel Urges Shuttle Mission to Help Hubble A panel said that NASA should send astronauts to repair the Hubble Space Telescope rather than rely on a robotic device.
Astronomers Contemplate Icy Volcanoes in Far Places A discovery now has some astronomers entertaining visions of icy volcanoes roiling on some of the tiny worlds circling beyond Neptune, at least at one time.
Buying Bowl Tickets Is a Game in Itself Tickets to your favorite bowl game are readily available, for a price.
Report urging manned Hubble mission praised Colorado astronomers hailed a National Academy of Sciences report Wednesday that urges NASA to send shuttle astronauts - not a robot - to save the aging Hubble Space Telescope.
Middle East ; Twenty Filipinos found alive in rubble after storm Middle East News, MANILA, About 20 Filipinos have been found alive in the rubble of a collapsed building, 10 days after a fierce storm and landslides devastated several eastern and northern provinces, a radio station has reported.
 #39;Unknowns #39; stirring Palestinian race In an election dominated by a jailed intifada leader and a moderate veteran negotiator who both come from the ruling 
Nintendo's DS beats sales target Japanese computer games firm Nintendo raises its sales target for the DS handheld  games console after strong early sales.
Ellison #39;s take on PeopleSoft, datahubs San Francisco  ITWeb, 9 December 2004 - Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has reaffirmed his company #39;s commitment to datahubs and hinted of a merged product line after the PeopleSoft buyout.
Hyatt to Buy AmeriSuites Hotel Chain Hyatt Corp. has agreed to buy the AmeriSuites hotel chain from affiliates of private equity firm The Blackstone Group, Hyatt said on Thursday.
Infineon to Build \$1B Malaysian Fab Infineon Technologies AG today said it would build a new front-end production plant in Kulim High Tech Park, Malaysia, at a cost of \$1 billion.
Premier Delight at buy from Kraft PREMIER FOODS today emerged victorious in the bidding for another slice of British gastronomic history. The owner of Ambrosia creamed rice has.
Oil, chips to crimp stocks Rise in oil prices ahead of OPEC meeting, sales forecasts by 2 chipmakers send futures lower. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Stocks will struggle early Thursday due to another rise in oil prices ahead of Friday #39;s 
General Motors to Save \$664 Mln Through European Cuts (Update2) General Motors Corp., the world #39;s biggest carmaker, will save 500 million euros (\$664 million) annually after cutting 11,500 jobs and reorganizing its European division.
Tribune to stop charging for Spanish-language paper The Chicago-based media giant plans to turn Hoy, its Spanish-language daily, into a free newspaper in two of the three cities where it is sold, executives said Wednesday.
Amazon launching DVD rentals The Amazon.co.uk is launching a DVD rental service, the online retailer #39;s first foray into a market that was pioneered by US-based Netflix.
Vioxx Withdrawal to Reduce Merck Earnings The withdrawal of painkiller Vioxx means Merck  amp; Co. will miss the already diminished expectations of Wall Street analysts for 2005, the huge drug maker said Wednesday.
Disney backs Blu-ray Sony has won Disney #39;s support for its Blu-ray Disc (BD) hi-definition video optical format. Disney #39;s home video operation, Buena Vista Home Entertainment, said it will ship  quot;popular new releases and classic 
PalmOS Goes Linux PalmSource, the makers of the PalmOS are looking to acquire Chinas MobileSoft. MobileSoft will provide PalmSource with a solid footing in the lucrative Chinese and Asian markets, as well as providing valuable 
Pop-ups Spoof Into Your Money The firm has rated the flaw as moderately critical. It demonstrated the flaw on its site, with options for both users who use pop-up blockers and those who don #39;t.
Nintendo President Shrugs Off PSP Following on from the hugely successful launch of the Nintendo DS across America and Japan, Satoru Iwata President Nintendo Co. has today shrugged off the challenge of the impending release of the Sony PSP.
China Bans a New Computer Video Game SHANGHAI, China Dec 9, 2004 - China has banned a new computer game for referring to Taiwan and other regions claimed by China as separate countries.
Space flight pro Young honored for NASA years NASA #39;s most experienced astronaut, John Young, was honored by NASA Tuesday night at the National Air  amp; Space Museum for his 42 years of service as he prepares to retire.
Sun #39;s McNealy talks about open source, Microsoft Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. SAN FRANCISCO, California, United States of America -- Months after it surprised the industry by 
Amazon Burning Makes Brazil a Leading Polluter Burning of the Amazon and other forests accounts for three quarters of Brazil #39;s greenhouse gas emissions and has made the country one of the world #39;s leading polluters 
Lonesome whale #39;s high-pitched voice baffles biologists A LONE whale with a mysterious voice that matches no other species has been discovered roaming the Pacific, it was revealed yesterday.
IBM signs seven-year deal with Lloyds TSB IBM Corp has signed a seven-year deal to manage the voice and data services of London, UK-based financial institution Lloyds TSB. The contract is estimated to be worth \$972.5 million.
NBA players and supporters charged Five memebrs of the National Basketball Association #39;s Indiana Pacers and seven supporters have been charged over the melee that broke out at the end of a nationally televised game against 
More Southampton Stories New Southampton manager Harry Redknapp has confirmed coach Kevin Bond will join him at St Mary #39;s. Bond will make the switch from Portsmouth on Thursday and Redknapp #39;s former Pompey assistant Jim Smith could also be joining him.
Becks relieved after Roma win Rome - David Beckham said Real Mardrid had done what they needed to after defeating Roma 3-0 here on Wednesday to book their place in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Last chance for NHL season TORONTO - The public mud slinging and name calling over the National Hockey League lockout fell to a hush Wednesday ahead of the first meeting between the league and its union since the deadlock began three months ago.
Chittagong cleared for second Test The Ministry of External affairs has cleared Chittagong as venue for the second Test between India and Bangladesh after the assesment by the Indian security delegation.
Singh showdown for Tiger For the first time, Tiger Woods will not be the reigning PGA Tour Player of the Year when the Target World Challenge begins on Thursday at Sherwood Country Club in California.
Fergie stands by selection policy Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson insists he has no regrets about fielding a second-string side against Fenerbahce. Sanli Tuncay #39;s second-half hat-trick consigned the Red Devils to a 3-0 defeat in Istanbul 
It #39;s a wrap for Hamm and fellow legends On the night that some of the greatest names in women #39;s soccer retired -amm, Foudy, Fawcett  -re was a new one on the US team when it took the field for the second half against Mexico at The Home Depot Center.
British confident of Grand Prix deal Silverstone racing track owners are confident they will reach an agreement with Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone for a British Grand Prix next July.
Leicester keeper set for Gunners recall Taylors one-month loan at the Walkers Stadium is set to end shortly and Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is keen to bring him back to Highbury to battle for the goalkeeping jersey with Jens Lehmann and Manuel Almunia.
Multi-faceted Duncan is NBA #39;s best So here #39;s this guy, Tim Duncan, who #39;s got credentials galore - including six All-Star game appearances, five All-NBA citations, three MVPs, two gold rings, and probably even a partridge in a pear tree.
Tyson arrested for damaging car Former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage after he allegedly jumped on to the bonnet of a car.
SuperSonics Top Spurs 102-96 (AP) AP - Ray Allen scored 29 points, including a pair of 3-pointers late in the game, as the Seattle SuperSonics ended San Antonio's 21-game home winning streak with a 102-96 victory over the Spurs on Wednesday night.
Texans Want No Part of Manning's History (AP) AP - The Houston Texans were plenty embarrassed when Peyton Manning threw five touchdown passes against them in a 35-point rout.
US Defense Secretary Says Military Ties With India Will Strengthen US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has paid a visit to the Indian capital New Delhi for discussions on how to improve military relations between the two nations.
Four pulled from Philippines rubble after ten days Rescuers in the Philippines today pulled at least four survivors from a building that collapsed in mudslides ten days ago. The four survived by drinking  quot;any kind of liquid that 
EU Could Lift Arms Embargo on China by Next Year The European Union Wednesday held out the prospect of lifting a 15-year-old arms embargo on China, possibly by next year. Washington firmly opposes 
Group Criticizes Coleman For Calling On Annan To Resign A left-leaning Minneapolis think tank says Senator Norm Coleman was, quote,  quot;reckless, quot; unquote, by calling for United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan to resign.
Contentious race for power Cars circle the roundabout in the center of Ramallah in no particular order, and groups of young Palestinian men hang out on a steel structure in the middle.
South American leaders vow to create an EU-styled political union With the European experience in their minds, South American leaders meet this week in Cuzco, the millenarian capital city of the Inca #39;s Empire in Peru, in an attempt to set the basis of the political unification of the continent and speed up the 
Furious Japan seeks action against NKorea for lying about &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : Japan is enraged at North Korea for allegedly lying about the deaths of two of its citziens the Stalinist state kidnapped, with commentators warning the deception has set back the chances of reconcilation with the outside world.
Kremlin targets another oligarch Alarm in Russian markets yesterday at the authorities #39; \$158m tax demand from Vimpelcom, the mobile operator, underlines nervousness after the assault on Yukos.
Hyatt to buy AmeriSuites, consolidate holdings LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Hyatt Corp. said it will buy the 143-unit AmeriSuites hotel chain from The Blackstone Group for an undisclosed sum and will consolidate all of the Pritzker family #39;s hospitality holdings into one company called Global Hyatt.
Infineon to Invest \$1 Billion in Malaysian Factory (Update4) Infineon Technologies AG, Europe #39;s second-largest maker of semiconductors, plans to invest about \$1 billion in a new factory in Malaysia to expand its automotive chip business and be closer to customers in the region.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s WMC Ups Stakes In Xstrata Battle PERTH (Dow Jones)--Trying to derail Xstrata Plc. #39;s (XTA.LN) hostile takeover bid, WMC Resources Ltd. (WMR.AU) Thursday said it will return up to A\$1 billion to shareholders 
Shrek 3 Moved To 2007 Dreamworks Pictures has announced they will delay the release of Shrek 3 from November 2006 to May 2007.  quot;We believe there are more than a half a dozen strong release windows available annually 
DPI buys CSX terminal business for 1.15 bn dollars DUBAI (AFP) - Dubai Ports International (DPI), a leading world port operator, announced it had acquired the international terminal business conducted by CSX World Terminals (CSXWT) for 1.15 billion dollars.
Many states altering rules on insurance Hurricane Andrew in 1992 and the Northridge earthquake in 1994 were two watershed natural disasters that prompted significant changes in homeowners #39; insurance.
Scientists pluck the details from chicken-genetics map In a step forward for biology and agriculture, scientists yesterday unveiled the first, detailed analysis of the genetic blueprint of the chicken - revealing few surprises, but suggesting 
Mozilla launched Thunderbird 1.0 On Mozilla web site you can find the newest version of the e-mail client Thunderbird 1.0. Mozilla expects this software to be more competitive than Microsofts Outlook Express.
Sun Plans to Call on Lenovo After IBM Deal-CEO Scott McNealy is looking forward to making an early sales call on Lenovo #39;s new CEO as soon as the company #39;s \$1.25 billion deal to buy IBM #39;s PC business closes, the Sun Microsystems CEO said on Wednesday.
Trojan programme exploits anti-spam sentiment Chennai, Dec.9: An alert for a data-stealing Trojan horse programme that installs itself on computers by offering to fight spam has been sounded on the Internet, the New Scientist news service reported today.
Singh on top of the world, and he got there quietly THOUSAND OAKS -- Anonymity is only a problem if you want it to be, and it is obvious Vijay Singh doesn #39;t want it to be. Let others chase fame.
SPORT * RUSSIA * FRANCE * FOOTBALL * CSKA PARIS/MOSCOW, December 8 (RIA Novosti #39;s sports analyst Mikhail Smirnov) - Footballers of the Moscow Central Army Sports Club (CSKA) had their last and best game of the season in Paris, confidently outplaying local PSG (Paris Saint-Germain).
US areas lag behind in keeping up with races BEAVER CREEK, Colo. -- As the World Cup rolls on to Europe after its brief moment of glory in North America, one can't help but remember when New England hosted such events, last put on by Tommy Corcoran at Waterville Valley.
BU's Bourque finds himself in select company On Monday morning, when Chris Bourque glanced at his cellphone to see his coach was calling, he had a good idea of what Jack Parker was going to tell him. That day, USA Hockey was informing 10 players that they had been selected to represent their country at the 10-team World Junior Championship later this month in Grand Forks, N.D.
ND's president speaks his mind A turbulent situation at Notre Dame became even more stormy yesterday when outgoing president Rev. Edward Malloy, speaking at a panel discussion in New York, criticized the school's decision to fire football coach Tyrone Willingham last week.
Infineon to invest \$1bn in Malaysia to produce chips for cars LONDON, December 9 (newratings.com) - Infineon Technologies (IFX.ETR) announced yesterday its plans to invest about \$1 billion in Malaysia to build a factory to manufacture chips used in cars and industrial power applications.
Oil, Dollar, Chips to Weigh on Wall St. A rise in crude oil prices for a second day, a stalled recovery in the dollar and a crop of warnings in the chip sector were set to push Wall Street lower at Thursday #39;s opening.
 #39;Shrek 3 #39; Hibernating Until  #39;07 DreamWorks Animation Studios said Wednesday it would postpone the release of  quot;Shrek 3 quot; to May 2007 from November 2006. The announcement came a day after 
Dubai Ports International Buys CSX #39;s Ports Dubai Ports International is buying the foreign port operations of US railroad company CSX Corp. for \$1.15 billion in cash, the companies announced Thursday.
Vivendi to Sell 15 Stake in Veolia to Reduce Debt (Update3) Vivendi Universal SA, owner of the world #39;s largest music company, plans to sell a 15 percent stake in Veolia Environnement SA to cut debt and focus on media and mobile-phone businesses.
Merck slashes  #39;05 forecast, citing Vioxx The withdrawal of painkiller Vioxx means Merck  amp; Co. will miss the already diminished expectations of Wall Street analysts for 2005, the drug maker said yesterday.
BC doubles up Fordham Basketball games are most often decided by a crucial run, but last night was simply a runaway as the Boston College women's team routed Fordham, 82-40, before a crowd of 630 at Conte Forum.
Washington pursues O'Brien for vacancy The courtship of Boston College football coach Tom O'Brien moved east yesterday when University of Washington athletic director Todd Turner and president Mark Emmert flew east and met with O'Brien.
McNealy: Sun is boxing clever with Microsoft The ground-breaking legal settlement and technology sharing deal between Microsoft Corp and Sun Microsystems Inc will not diminish competition between the two adversaries.
Peterson may become first freshman to win Heisman Never in the history of college football #39;s top award has a freshman walked away with what is arguably sports #39; most recognizable trophy.
White Sox fill a gap The White Sox can scratch  quot;veteran reliever #39; #39; from their wish list after signing right-hander Dustin Hermanson on Wednesday to a two-year, \$5.5 million contract with a team option for a third season.
Oil, Dollar, Chips to Weigh on Wall St. (Reuters) Reuters - A rise in crude oil prices for a second\day, a stalled recovery in the dollar and a crop of warnings in\the chip sector were set to push Wall Street lower at\Thursday's opening.
Europe Urged to Help NATO More in Iraq, Afghanistan (Reuters) Reuters - The United States said it expected\European countries to come up with offers of help in Iraq and\Afghanistan at a NATO meeting on Thursday to discuss the\alliance's role in the insurgency-hit countries.
Venezuelan President Approves Media Law (AP) AP - A law that gives the government control over the content of radio and television programs in Venezuela took effect Thursday.
'Miracle in mud' as four pulled alive from Philippine disaster (AFP) AFP - Philippine rescuers were frantically digging for more survivors after four people, including a toddler, were pulled alive from a building crushed by a landslide 11 days ago.
Hand Recount Starts in Wash. Gov.'s Race (AP) AP - Sitting at a folding table under fluorescent lights, Republican Lloyd Haskins Sr. held up ballots for Democrat Carl Brownstein to see, and they both marked their running totals on white scrap paper.
Oil, Dollar, Chips to Weigh on Wall St.  LONDON (Reuters) - A rise in crude oil prices for a second  day, a stalled recovery in the dollar and a crop of warnings in  the chip sector were set to push Wall Street lower at  Thursday's opening.
Dollar Extends Recovery for 2nd Session  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar strengthened against major  currencies for a second session on Thursday, as investors  continued to take profits on bets against the long-suffering  U.S. currency.
OPEC Debates Need for Oil Supply Cutbacks  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Thursday weighed up  whether heavy recent price falls were severe enough to warrant  cutting back excess supply at Friday's ministerial meeting.
GM Unit Opel to Cut 9,500 German Jobs  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - General Motors' &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; German unit  Adam Opel AG will cut around 9,500 jobs at its loss-making  operations, a source who attended a briefing by the carmaker's  management on Thursday said.
Toll Brothers Profit Nearly Doubles  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toll Brothers Inc. reported on  Thursday quarterly earnings that nearly doubled, buoyed by  growing demand for its luxury homes, and the company raised its  forecast for 2005.
Disney backs Sony DVD technology The battle over next generation DVDs hot ups, with Disney opting for a technology developed by Sony.
State reduces stake in Air France The French government sells 17.7 of its stake in Air France-KLM amid reports it may cut its holding in the airline to as little as 18.
Nations mark anti-corruption day Events are held around the world to mark the first ever United Nations anti-corruption day.
Over 1,000 Die Every Day from Congo War -- Report  KINSHASA (Reuters) - Over 1,000 Congolese civilians a day  are dying, nearly all from disease and malnutrition, due to a  festering conflict that has killed 3.8 million people, an aid  agency said on Thursday.
Rescue chopper down off Alaska Six people are missing after a US Coast Guard helicopter crashes off Alaska during a ship rescue.
Kiev back to work in protest lull Ukrainian government workers resume duties as protesters lift blockades ahead of the presidential vote re-run.
Karzai warning over drugs trade Afghan President Hamid Karzai says the  rampant drugs trade poses a bigger threat than the Soviet invasion.
Shipman report demands GMC reform The General Medical Council is doing too little to protect patients, the latest report from the Shipman Inquiry has said.
Iraq Combat Fatality Rate Lowest Ever Ten  percent of soldiers injured in Iraq have died from their war wounds, the lowest casualty fatality rate ever, thanks in large part to technological advances and the deployment of surgical SWAT teams at the front lines, an analysis to be published today has found.
FBI Searches Saudi Arabia's PR Firm  The FBI searched offices of a prominent public relations firm Tuesday, looking for information about its client Saudi Arabia, law enforcement sources said.
Aid to Palestinians Approved President Bush  approved Wednesday \$20 million in direct aid to the Palestinian Authority, as part of a broader White House strategy to pursue peace in the Middle East following Yasser Arafat's death.
Interpreter Says No To Secrecy Interpreters have long been the cogs in the wheel of international diplomacy. They make headlines only when they mess up, as when President Jimmy Carter's interpreter spoke of the Polish people's "lusts for the future" instead of their  "desires" for the future.  And even then, convention demands that interpreters  remain in the background, refraining from public comment.
Shrek 3 not in cinemas before 2007 The third movie adventure of animated hero Shrek has been postponed, and will now reach cinema screens in May 2007. The Hollywood Reporter says that  #39;Shrek 3 #39; had been pencilled in by studio DreamWorks for a November 2006 release.
5 Indiana players, 7 fans charged in November NBA brawl PONTIAC, Mich. - Five members of the Indiana Pacers and seven Detroit Pistons fans were criminally charged yesterday because of their roles in the Pistons-Pacers brawl last month - a fight that captured national attention.
Crewmen Ration and Lose Weight on Space Station The two crewmen aboard the International Space Station lost a few pounds in the five weeks they were forced to ration their dwindling supply of food.
General Motors to cut 9,500 jobs at German unit LONDON, December 9 (newratings.com) - General Motors Corp (XGM.NYS) plans to cut 9,500 jobs at its German unit, Adam Opel AG, as part of its efforts to reduce its significant losses in Europe.
New players proposal could be last chance -- Any hope of saving the NHL season hinges on whether the next proposal by the players #39; association stirs serious negotiating.
Alaska Oil Spill Takes Toll on Animals and Fisheries A rare break in rough Bering Sea weather is allowing officials to gain a better sense of damage from a large spill in the Aleutian Islands.
Stock Futures Point to Lower Market Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Thursday, weighed down by rising oil prices and  a crop of warnings in the chip sector.
The hounding of Kofi Annan Last night in New York, the UN secretary-general was given a standing ovation - a robust response to a series of attacks in past weeks.
FUTURES MOVERS LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Crude-oil futures continued to rise Thursday, extending overnight gains a day ahead of a key meeting of the OPEC cartel.
Vivendi sale raises spectre of Veolia takeover Vivendi Universal on Thursday sold a 15 per cent stake in its former water subsidiary Veolia Environnement, raising about 1.5bn for the French group to pay back debt and tighten its focus on media and telecommunications.
FTC shuts down debt collection company Sonya Harper, 35, knew she didn #39;t buy a car when she was 15 years old. So why was a debt collector threatening to sue her unless she paid \$800 on a car she never had?
Segal to get full hearing on release Convicted insurance mogul Michael Segal is scheduled to get a full hearing Tuesday on whether he should be let out of a federal lockup as he awaits sentencing.
Dollar Steadies Versus Euro and Yen The dollar steadied versus the euro and yen on Thursday following sharp gains across the board in the previous session driven by profit-taking on bets against the long suffering US currency.
How Does a Chicken #39;s Sense of Smell Help us Understand Human &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Medical Research Council (MRC) scientists have ended lengthy scientific speculation by confirming that chickens have an acute sense of smell.
Unscheduled upgrade caused government IT death An unscheduled software upgrade what was caused some 40,000 computers at the UK government #39;s Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to crash, the IT supplier EDS has announced.
Troubled Griffin's NBA homecoming brings 76ers sixth loss in a row (AFP) AFP - Eddie Griffin's National Basketball Association homecoming was more than the Philadelphia 76ers could handle.
Europe Urged to Help NATO More in Iraq  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The United States said it expected  European countries to come up with offers of help in Iraq and  Afghanistan at a NATO meeting on Thursday to discuss the  alliance's role in the insurgency-hit countries.
Stocks to Watch on Thursday, Dec. 9  XILINX INC. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XLNX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XLNX.O&lt;/A&gt;:
Bank keeps interest rate unchanged The Bank of England today held the base interest rate at 4.75 for the fourth consecutive month, with the decision coming amid evidence of a slowdown in house price growth and weak economic data.
McNealy: Sun still shines for Oracle Despite Oracles strategic push for Linux- and Intel-based deployments, Sun is still the company #39;s leading platform, according to Sun chairman and chief executive Scott McNealy.
Gerrard can win with us, says Benitez Rafael Benitez says Liverpool #39;s remarkable 3-1 defeat of Olympiakos in the Champions League has proved to captain Steven Gerrard he does not need to leave to win trophies.
Supporting cast out to nail star Els WORLD No.3 Ernie Els may feel like a hunted man this week when he takes on a largely unknown field in the Dunhill Championship at the Leopard Creek Country Club in South Africa.
War, poverty and Aids causing half of world #39;s children to suffer WAR, poverty and HIV/Aids are causing more than half of the worlds children to suffer, effectively denying them a childhood, according to a report today.
US for stronger defense ties with India: Rumsfeld The United States is keen on strengthening its growing defense ties with India, which currently encompass a wide range of military-to-military exchanges and joint exercises 
Poll: Optimism, Fatah support on the rise among Palestinians Rising prospects for Palestinian-Israeli peace are marginalizing the Hamas movement, responsible for numerous suicide bombings and other attacks on Israelis, according to a Palestinian poll.
OPEC Warns Oil Supply Cuts Needed for '05  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers said on Thursday that  Friday's ministerial meeting would focus on cutting back  oversupply to support falling prices and that producers would  have to reduce output quotas early next year.
Before-the-Bell: Ciena Rises on Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Ciena Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CIEN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CIEN.O&lt;/A&gt; rose 13  percent before the bell on Thursday after the  telecommunications equipment maker posted a wider quarterly net  loss but forecast further revenue growth in the current  quarter.
BoE Holds UK Rates at 4.75 Percent  LONDON (Reuters) - British interest rates stayed at 4.75  percent for the fourth month running on Thursday, but  economists are split over whether the Bank of England will  raise borrowing costs again next year.
Bank of England Leaves Rate Unchanged It was the fourth month in a row that the bank #39;s Monetary Policy Committee decided against changing the rate. The decision was widely expected following indications that Britain #39;s economy has slowed, and that 
12/09/2004:  quot;Disney backs Sony #39;s Blu-Ray high definition DVD &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In news that has shocked the already rocky state of today #39;s DVD industry, the Walt Disney Company yesterday announced that it intends to back Sony #39;s high-def Blu-Ray format in the upcoming war between two competing technologies.
Spartan hen serves up a scientific golden egg in fact, the first farm animal - to be genetically sequenced, researchers said Wednesday. That #39;s important for humans because understanding chicken DNA can 
New virus steals passwords Paris - A virus that spies on keystrokes and downloads passwords and bank account details is circulating among e-mails. It masquerades as a screensaver designed by internet portal Lycos to attack spammers, a watchdog warned on Thursday.
Date set for second Longhorn conference Microsoft will hold a second Longhorn-themed Professional Developers Conference in September 2005, almost two years after it first detailed the successor to Windows XP.
DC in pole position for Red Bull slot STEWARTRY-born David Coulthard is favourite to book a seat in the Red Bull Racing team. The 33-year-old who was axed by McLaren-Mercedes at the end of the season has been on the lookout for a team for the 2005 season.
Western Australia skittle Pakistan for 262 in tour game Pakistan were bowled out for 262 against Western Australia on Thursday in a worrying sign for the tourists ahead of next week #39;s first test against Australia.
S America launches trading bloc December 9. KAZINFORM quotes CNN - South American countries are creating the third bloc in the world. Representatives from 12 South American countries have signed an agreement to create a political and economic bloc modelled on the European Union.
Before-the-Bell: Ciena Rises on Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Ciena Corp.  rose 13\percent before the bell on Thursday after the\telecommunications equipment maker posted a wider quarterly net\loss but forecast further revenue growth in the current\quarter.
BoE Holds UK Rates at 4.75 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - British interest rates stayed at 4.75\percent for the fourth month running on Thursday, but\economists are split over whether the Bank of England will\raise borrowing costs again next year.
Judgment at Hand in Landmark Berlusconi Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Judges in the corruption trial of Prime\Minister Silvio Berlusconi withdrew on Thursday to decide their\verdict, which could hobble the Italian leader's political\future.
NATO Struggles to Find Troops for Missions (AP) AP - NATO foreign ministers pledged Thursday to speed the expansion of alliance peacekeeping in Afghanistan and boost military training for Iraq, but failed to come up immediately with the troops for both operations.
Two policemen killed, three injured in Kashmir rebel attack (AFP) AFP - Two policemen were killed and three injured in a Muslim rebel attack on their camp in Indian Kashmir, police said.
Stocks Seen Lower with Chips Getting Hit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Thursday, weighed down by rising oil prices and  sales warnings in the chip sector, with Wall Street awaiting  weekly jobless claims data.
Sabre Buys Reservation Services Company  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sabre Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSG.N&lt;/A&gt;, owner of  the Travelocity Web site, on Thursday said it agreed to buy  privately held SynXis Corp., a provider of reservation  management services to hotels, for \$40 million.
Lilly Sees Profit Lifted by Newer Drugs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LLY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LLY.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it expects earnings in 2005 to rise to between \$3.05 and  \$3.15 per share before special items as growing sales of newer  medicines more than offset disappointing sales of its  top-selling schizophrenia drug.
Judgment at Hand in Landmark Berlusconi Trial  MILAN (Reuters) - Judges in the corruption trial of Prime  Minister Silvio Berlusconi withdrew on Thursday to decide their  verdict, which could hobble the Italian leader's political  future.
Air China raises \$1.07bn in IPO Air China, the biggest and last of China's three large airlines to list on the stock market, prices its float near the top of its  target range.
UK 'discriminated against Roma' The government discriminated against Roma people seeking entry into the UK, the Law Lords rule.
France moves to cut Air France KLM stake France was selling almost half its stake in Air France KLM on Thursday as part of a wider deal which could see its remaining stake cut to below 20 and give staff shares in return for pay cuts.
Kraft to Sell UK Desserts Business Kraft Foods Inc. said Thursday it agreed to sell its UK desserts business to Premier Foods PLC for \$135 million. Kraft said the transaction, which is subject to required approvals, is expected to close in the first quarter of 2005.
Where #39;s the market for Sun #39;s pay-as-you-go? During his keynote at Oracle OpenWorld, Sun CEO Scott McNealy talked up the company #39;s pay-as-you-go strategy, which is one of the bigger 
EU stalls over lifting China arms embargo China urged the European Union yesterday to end  quot;political discrimination quot; and resume its arms trade, but failed to secure a clear commitment on the timing of such a move.
Costco Posts Higher First-Quarter Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Costco Wholesale Corp. , the\largest U.S. warehouse club, posted a 21 percent increase in\quarterly profit on Thursday.
Hyatt, Gripped by Family Lawsuit, Buys AmeriSuites (Update1) Hyatt Corp., the Chicago-based hotelier owned by the infighting Pritzker family, agreed to buy the AmeriSuites chain of 143 hotels to tap rising demand from corporate travelers for upscale self-service rooms.
Opel to cut 9,500 German jobs RUESSELSHEIM - US automotive giant General Motors aims to slash 9,500 jobs at its German subsidiary Opel, but payroll cuts will come without compulsory redundancies, Opel #39;s top workers representative said on Thursday.
Amazon UK rents DVDs Amazon UK has entered the DVD rental business in a bid to cash-in on this growing sector of the entertainment industry. For 7.99 a month, subscribers can have two movies at home at one time, with a total of four DVD rentals a month.
Steelers' Roethlisberger Misses Practice (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger didn't appear concerned about missing Sunday's game against the Jets despite sitting out Wednesday's practice with a sore quadriceps.
Nintendo Raises DS Target on Demand From US, Women (Update1) Nintendo Co., the world #39;s biggest maker of hand-held game machines, raised its shipment forecast for its new handheld console by 40 percent for this year on demand from the US and female gamers in Japan.
Trojan horse program masquerades as anti-spam screensaver Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. PARIS, France -- A virus that spies on keystrokes and downloads passwords and bank account details is circulating 
Ganguly urges teammates to worry about matches, not records (AFP) AFP - Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly has asked his team to concentrate on the game rather than look for personal records during a two-Test series against Bangladesh.
Neville: We fear no one PHIL Neville insists Manchester United don #39;t fear anyone in the Champions League last 16 and declared:  quot;Bring on the Italians.
Clijsters rejects reports she will not make Australia Kim Clijsters is still hopeful of making next month #39;s Australian Open despite reports she would not be fit. Tournament chief Paul McNamee said on Wednesday that last 
Red Bull and David Coulthard Last time we checked the Pitpass statistics, David Coulthard had driven in 175 Grands Prix, covering almost eleven seasons. In that time the Scot has accumulated 475 points, an average of 2.714 point a race, 13 wins, 12 pole positions and 18 fastest laps.
Passing the torch Calgary Sun. Dan Marino wouldn #39;t swap his collection of NFL records and Hall-of-Fame nomination for the world. Not even for that elusive Super Bowl victory.
Japan extends SDF deployment in Iraq by one year TOKYO - Japan on Thursday extended the Self-Defense Forces mission in Iraq for a year through Dec 14, 2005. The cabinet endorsed the extension of the deployment of up to 600 ground troops in Iraq after the 
Iraqis Float Staggered Vote Idea (CBS/AP) Iraq #39;s Interior Ministry on Wednesday threw its weight behind a reported suggestion by Prime Minister Ayad Allawi to hold next month #39;s national elections over several days, rather than just one.
Rescuers Dig at Philippine Ruins After Saving Four Philippine rescuers pulled four survivors from the rubble of a collapsed building and dug furiously for others on Thursday, 10 days after a fierce storm devastated several eastern and northern provinces.
One in 10 families 'pays bribes' Ten per cent of people say they or a member of their household paid a bribe in the past year, a survey suggests.
Air China raises \$1.07bn in IPO Air China, the biggest airline in China, raised \$1.07bn (558m), after pricing its flotation near the top of its range, sources said.
Hyatt buying AmeriSuites for about \$600M CHICAGO -- The Pritzker family #39;s Hyatt Corp. said Thursday it plans to buy the AmeriSuites hotel chain from Blackstone Group in a deal reportedly worth more than \$600 million.
U.N. Urges Expansion of Tsunami Warning System to Indian Ocean A tsunami warning system should be in place in South Asia and Southeast Asia within a year, the U.N. said.
Frayed Nerves and Aftershocks Create Panic in Southern Asia Three aftershocks ultimately led to officials in India issuing what amounted to a false alarm.
Amazon challenges DVD rental market with lower rates LONDON - Amazon.co.uk is taking on the crowded UK DVD online rental market with a new offering that will undercut current prices by as much as 30.
UK October Trade Deficit in Goods Widens to 5.3 Bln Pounds The UK #39;s global trade deficit in goods widened to a nine-month high in October as imports rose to a record and exports to countries outside of the European Union declined.
Tsunami Group Will Expand Its Network Officials in charge of the existing international tsunami warning system, have taken an initial step to broaden the network to the Indian Ocean and other possible trouble spots.
NASA urged to send shuttle to Hubble Astronauts, not robots, should fix the Hubble Space Telescope, says a new report by the US National Research Council (NRC). That conclusion is directly at odds with NASA, which is opposed to a human mission 
Nintendo Ups DS Console Shipment Target Nintendo Co. Ltd. raised its 2004 shipment target for its DS handheld video game device by 40 percent to 2.8 million units on Thursday after many stores in Japan and 
Players, Fans Face Charges in NBA Brawl Description: Criminal charges are filed against five Indiana Pacers players and seven Detroit Pistons fans for their roles in a violent melee at an NBA game last month.
One game of true passion on a night of fakes With the stirring exception of Liverpool versus Olympiakos, where both sides fought to exhaustion to try to qualify for the second round, the last set of matches in the group stage was another night of shameful collusion in the Champions League - another 
Disappointed Delneri Says  #39;Arrivederci Champions #39; At the end of yesterdays match against Real Madrid, a sad Luigi Delneri reflected on what has been a terrible Champions League campaign for the Giallorossi.
NHL Players, Owners to Meet in Bid to Salvage Season National Hockey League owners will meet with representatives from the players union on Thursday in what is seen as a final bid to end a lockout and save the NHL season.
Pakistan recovers after shaky start. The Western Warriors are in a good position after day 1 against Pakistan at the WACA. The Warriors are 1/20 at stumps, 242 runs behind Pakistans first innings total.
Canada Confirms 2nd Case of Mad Cow A final laboratory test has confirmed that an Alberta dairy cow had mad cow disease, the second case Canada has found in its herd.
Nations losing world hunger fight, report says Rome- The world is losing the battle against hunger, with the number of malnourished people in developing nations growing to more than 800 million and rising, according to a UN report Wednesday.
Kashmir bus talks to continue India and Pakistan have been unable to agree on starting a bus service between the capitals of divided Kashmir in two days of talks which have ended 
Jobless Claims Rise Unexpectedly (Reuters) Reuters - The number of Americans filing\initial claims for jobless pay grew unexpectedly last week to\357,000, Labor Department data showed on Thursday, but an\official said an increase in the week after a public holiday\was typical.
Jobless Claims at Highest Level Since Sept. (AP) AP - New claims for jobless benefits moved higher last week, a possible sign that employers haven't completely let go of their caution and are looking to cut costs.
Costco Posts Higher First-Quarter Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Costco Wholesale Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COST.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COST.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. warehouse club, posted a 21 percent increase in  quarterly profit on Thursday.
Before-the-Bell: Nortel, Ciena Gain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.N&lt;/A&gt;  rose 3.7 percent before the bell on Thursday after the telecoms  equipment maker put a specific date, Jan. 10, on when it will  start filing its much-delayed restatement of financial results.
Weekly Jobless Claims Rise Again New claims for jobless benefits moved higher last week, a possible sign that employers haven't completely let go of their caution and are looking to cut costs.
Hyatt to Buy AmeriSuites Hotel Chain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hyatt Corp. on Thursday said it agreed  to buy AmeriSuites, an upscale limited-service hotel chain that  it said would complement its full-service portfolio.
McDonald's Sales Climb 4.2 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said sales at its namesake restaurants open at least 13 months  rose 4.2 percent in November as U.S. results were boosted by an  "Incredibles" Happy Meal tie-in.
Air China raises \$1 billion in share offering HONG KONG Air China, the nation #39;s biggest international carrier, has raised 8.36 billion Hong Kong dollars, or \$1.08 billion, in an initial public offering after pricing its shares at the high end of a target range, bankers involved in the sale said 
John Player to lay off 90 workers The tobacco firm John Player  amp; Sons has announced plans to lay off 90 workers at its cigarette factory in Dublin. The company said it was planning a phased closure of the factory between now and February as part of a review of its global operations.
Salvation Army donations are down Charles Burnett was ringing a bell in front of the Wal-Mart in Fairmount. It was Burnetts first day, but the Salvation Army has stationed volunteers by red kettles for more than a hundred years.
Oracle revises PeopleSoft intentions At its user conference yesterday, Oracle continued to send out mixed messages about how it will support PeopleSoft products if it succeeds in its \$9.2bn (4.8bn) takeover bid for its rival.
UK trade deficit grows The UK trade deficit widened to 5.3bn in October after imports hit their highest level since records began, official data showed today.
China Bans a New Computer Video Game (AP) AP - China has banned a new computer game for referring to Taiwan and other regions claimed by China as separate countries.
GM Europe to Cut 12,000 Jobs in Deal (AP) AP - General Motors Corp.'s European unit Thursday announced a deal that will allow the struggling automaker to cut up to 12,000 jobs  #151; most of them in Germany, where it will offer generous incentives for employees to leave.
Coming Soon to an Inbox Near You: 'Spiritual Spam' (Reuters) Reuters - Internet users praying for salvation\from junk mail face a new torment -- "Spiritual Spam."
Sale of IBM unit doesn't mean ThinkPads will cease to exist (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - This week, IBM said it is selling off most of its PC division to Lenovo, China's No. 1 PC maker. The news is likely to rattle IBM customers - but it may end up benefiting them long term. USA TODAY reporter Michelle Kessler answers some questions many IBM customers are asking:
Mobile Phone Users Double Since 2000 (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile phone subscribers around the\globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year,\about one quarter of the world's population, the International\Telecommunication Union (ITU) said on Thursday.
Nintendo President Plays Down Sony Handset The president of Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. shrugged off the threat from rival Sony #39;s entry into the handheld video game business Thursday, saying his company is targeting a different market of novice players.
Microsoft Schedules Second Longhorn Event Microsoft has set a date for a second Longhorn-themed Professional Developers Conference (PDC). The event will be held in September 2005, almost two years after the company first detailed the Windows XP successor at the 2003 PDC.
Technology ; Kazaa talked to record firms about music swaps &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Technology News, SYDNEY, Kazaa, the world #39;s most popular Internet file-swapping system, told a court on Thursday it was worried about users exchanging unauthorised files and held talks with record companies in the United States about the problem.
Microsoft Schedules Second Longhorn Event (PC World) PC World - Conference will allow developers to examine, discuss the successor to Windows XP.
Leiter leaves Mets Al Leiter heard all the right things from the Florida Marlins. That was the reason he chose to move south and leave the New York Mets.
Vince hurt as Raps bow in OT As the Raptors were falling 90-86 in overtime to the defending champion Detroit Pistons last night before a sellout crowd of 22,076 at the Palace in Auburn Hills, Mich.
IBM Reassures Workers After Milestone China Deal (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., Dec. 8 -- During an IBM employee meeting here Wednesday, a worker got up and asked a question that perhaps only 10 years ago would have been unthinkable: If he wanted to keep his job helping to design some of the world's most advanced computers, would he have to move to China?
Unicef report: 1bn children suffering More than half the world #39;s children are suffering extreme effects of poverty, war and HIV/Aids, denying them a healthy and safe childhood, according to a report published today.
Worst Oil Spill in Five Years Off S. China Coast (Reuters) Reuters - Two container ships collided and\spilled some 450 tons of fuel oil off China's southern coast,\the country's worst oil spill in five years, a maritime\official said on Thursday.
Suspected Explosives Found Before Taiwan Election  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Police found four packages of suspected  explosives at the Taiwan capital's main railway station on  Thursday, triggering a bomb scare days before a hotly contested  legislative election.
Opposition supporters leave tent camp in Kyiv, but many plan to stay (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Demonstrators removed blockades near the government building in Ukraine's capital on Thursday, signalling a further decrease in tensions following parliament's adoption of electoral and constitutional changes ahead of a repeat presidential runoff vote.
Players, Owners to Meet in Bid to Save NHL Season  TORONTO (Reuters) - National Hockey League owners will meet  with representatives from the players union on Thursday in what  is seen as a final bid to end a lockout and save the NHL  season.
Tyson Arrested in Arizona  SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - Former heavyweight  champion Mike Tyson was arrested after allegedly jumping on the  hood of a car outside a nightclub.
Glaus Headed to Arizona??  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - Free agent third baseman Troy  Glaus is reportedly headed to the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Els Makes Flawless Start in Dunhill  MALELANE, South Africa (Reuters) - A faultless 67 left  South Africa's Ernie Els one shot off the pace after the first  round of the Dunhill Championship at the Leopard Creek Country  Club on Thursday.
Oil Rises as OPEC Considers Supply Cut Oil prices rose for the second day in a row on Thursday as several OPEC ministers called for the cartel to stop producing more oil than its official target.
Paris to sell 700 million of its stake in Air France The French government is selling 17.7 percent of Air France-KLM Group, Europe #39;s biggest airline, taking advantage of an increase in the carrier #39;s shares as oil prices decline, the managers of the sale said on Thursday.
GM Europe Axes 12,000 Jobs General Motors Europe will chop 12,000 jobs over two years -- around a fifth of its workforce -- to lop 500 million euros (\$673 million 
US Data Suggest Job-Market Recovery Losing Steam Wall Street had expected a drop in new unemployment claims. The prediction of economists surveyed by Dow Jones Newswires and CNBC was a decline of 14,000 claims.
Lilly:  #39;05 Profit Driven by Newer Drugs Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it expects 2005 earnings to rise as higher sales of its newer drugs offset a decline in its top-selling schizophrenia drug Zyprexa.
Costco profits rise, but stock falls in early trading ISSAQUAH, Wash. -- Discount retailing giant Costco Wholesale Corp. said Thursday that profits grew 21 percent in its fiscal first quarter, thanks to higher sales and more revenue from membership fees.
US Economy: Import Prices, Initial Jobless Claims Rise The costs of imported goods rose less in November than a month earlier, restrained by a drop in petroleum prices that may help boost consumer spending and the US economy.
Agree with Target #39;s ban of Salvation Army bell ringers? For the past decade, the Salvation Armys familiar red kettles represented the sole exception to Targets (TGT, news, msgs) no-solicitation policy.
McDonald #39;s Same-Store Sales Rise in Nov. McDonald #39;s Corp. said Thursday that global comparable-restaurant sales, or sales at restaurants open at least 13 months, rose 4.2 percent in November.
Hyatt Books AmeriSuites Acquisition CHICAGO -- Hyatt Corp. said Thursday it will purchase the 143-unit AmeriSuites hotel chain from affiliates of The Blackstone Group.
Disney backs Sonys Blu-ray DVD format The battle to set the standard for next-generation digital recording media took another twist on Thursday with the announcement that Walt Disney would launch titles on the Blu-ray Disc format promoted by Sony and Matsushita.
Decoded chicken genome reveals common ancestors for birds and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Health India: Washington, Dec 9 : In a breakthrough revelation, scientists have succeeded in unveiling the genomic sequence of the chicken, thus bridging the gap between the genomes already obtained from mammals and other organisms which may help them 
Linux-based Palms on the way  quot;Future Palm devices may run Linux, thanks to a surprise purchase by PalmSource. The company, which makes the operating software for the PalmOne devices (notably the Treo smartphones), intends to buy China 
Nintendo DS Proves Popular Sales of the Nintendo DS handheld gaming device are going better than expected, prompting Nintendo to raise its full-year shipment forecast, the company #39;s president says.
Experts call on NASA to save Hubble with shuttle mission NASA should launch a shuttle mission to save the Hubble Space Telescope because its plan to use a robot to repair the instrument is unlikely to work, a panel of experts convened by the National Research Council recommended yesterday.
New virus camouflaged as screensaver A virus that spies on keystrokes and downloads passwords and bank account details is circulating among emails, masquerading as a screensaver designed by internet portal Lycos to attack stammers, a watchdog warned on Thursday.
Hollywood nails Kaleidescape The MPAA #39;s DVD Copy Control Association (DVDCCA), owner of the ineffective DVD  #39;copy-protection #39; technology, is after a firm called Kaleidescape because, claim the studios, Kaleidescape #39;s \$27,000 jukebox illegally makes copies of DVDs.
Kazaa  #39;worried about piracy #39; Kazaa, the internet #39;s most popular file-swapping system, told a court in Sydney yesterday that it was worried about users exchanging unauthorised files and had held talks with record companies in the United States.
Brazil accounts for 3 percent of emissions of greenhouse gases in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; _ The burning and deforestation of Brazil #39;s vast Amazon rain forest causes nearly 3 percent of the world #39;s greenhouse gas emissions, according to a government report released Wednesday.
Big Kuiper Belt object got a face-lift The ammonia and crystalline ice would be destroyed in about 10 million years, quot; Jewitt says.  quot;This implies Quaoar gets recoated on that time scale or faster.
Say hello to Yahoo on your handphone real soon THE online search giant Yahoo wants to make a debut on the small screens of handphone users soon. Yahoo has acquired WUF Networks, a small start-up with technology which aims to let consumers move their songs 
Siemens sets wireless speed record with OFDM German electronics manufacturer Siemens has set what it claims to be the fastest-ever wireless connection. At its research lab in Munich, Siemens achieved a transmission speed of 1gbps by combining an intelligent 
Another delay for Oracle Collaboration Suite update Oracle has postponed the delivery of a major update to its Collaboration Suite until mid-2005, which will add instant messaging and voice-over-IP capabilities, and offer content management features.
Pacers to Appeal Suspensions (New York City-December 9, 2004) - Two days of grievance hearings stemming from the November Pacers-Pistons brawl are unfolding in New York City.
Clijsters expected to miss Aussie Open Melbourne, Australia (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters continues to recover from a wrist injury and is not expected to play in next month #39;s Australian Open.
Sir Alex:Our kids will come on a ton Sir Alex Ferguson today has no regrets about fielding a second-string side against Fenerbahce. Sanli Tuncay #39;s second-half hat-trick consigned the Red Devils to a 3-0 defeat in Istanbul and, more importantly 
Pitch change has Bracewell upset Five days of rain at the Gabba ground and forecasts of more have forced a pitch change for the deciding game Friday in the three-match limited-overs cricket series between Australia and New Zealand.
Glaus joining Diamondbacks: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Arizona Diamondbacks have reportedly signed free-agent third baseman Troy Glaus. The Arizona Republic reported Thursday that Glaus and the Diamondbacks have agreed to a four-year, \$45-million US contract.
Germany #39;s Glagow, Fischer win biathlon events Germany #39;s Martina Glagow won a 15-kilometer biathlon event Thursday for her first World Cup victory this season, and compatriot Sven Fischer won a men #39;s 20-kilometer race.
Teammates unhappy with Bryant regime What were the Lakers thinking this summer when they let Kobe Bryant dictate whom the Lakers acquired in the offseason? Everyone knows that they were desperate to re-sign Bryant, but once you give 
IRA: Willing to Disarm, But Photos Impossible IRA guerrillas said on Thursday they would never be  quot;humiliated quot; by the photographing of their final acts of disarmament -- the last sticking point in an Anglo-Irish drive for a Northern Ireland political settlement.
'Mercenaries' appeal in Zimbabwe More than 60 suspected mercenaries are to appeal against their convictions in Zimbabwe over a coup plot.
Sistani unveils electoral alliance, Sadr not on list Iraq #39;s Shiite Muslims led by Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani on Thursday unveiled a broadly based electoral alliance which excludes radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr.
Survivors rescued after 10 days MANILA, Philippines -- As the confirmed death toll from devastating storms in the Philippines rises to more than 840, rescuers have pulled at least four survivors from a building that collapsed in mudslides 10 days ago.
Koizumi will keep Japanese in Iraq TOKYO The cabinet of Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi decided Thursday to extend the mission of Japanese troops in Iraq despite the growing opposition of voters, political opponents and members of his own party.
Europe and China: keeping pace with a growing giant The European Union #39;s arms embargo against China was the focus of nearly all the attention at Wednesday #39;s political summit in The Hague between the EU and China.
Palestinian candidate says Israeli soldiers beat him Democracy activist Mustafa Barghouti who joins the Palestinian presidential race told reporters on Thursday that he and his bodyguards were beaten by Israeli soldiers on a roadblock in the northern West Bank.
Zimbabwe curbs rights groups Zimbabwe's parliament passes a controversial bill banning international rights groups from working in the country.
Serbian church sues over Kosovo Serbia's Orthodox Church files a lawsuit accusing the UK, France, Germany and Italy of failing to protect churches in Kosovo.
Hello! appeals in Zeta Jones case Hello! magazine is to appeal against damages awarded to its rival OK! over Catherine Zeta Jones' wedding photos.
Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. jobless claims unexpectedly\rose again last week in more worrying news for the labor\market, government data showed on Thursday, while other data\offered some positive signals for America's economy.
Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. jobless claims unexpectedly  rose again last week in more worrying news for the labor  market, government data showed on Thursday, while other data  offered some positive signals for America's economy.
Global Growth Key to Beer Wars Anheuser-Busch teams up with Vietnam's largest brewer, laying the groundwork for future growth in the region.
Hamm, Foudy Retire From Women's Soccer Mia Hamm and Julie Foudy closed out their remarkable careers with the U.S. women's soccer team in style Wednesday night, cheered on by droves of young girls in a 5-0 victory over Mexico.
Dollar Rises, Investors Eye Yields  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Thursday as  traders, short of dollars after relentlessly selling them for  weeks, looked to the growing yield advantage of U.S. assets as  a reason to buy back the currency before the end of the year.
Tech Stocks Tumble After Chip Makers Warn  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday, hit by a  sharp drop in technology shares following a slew of sales  warnings from semiconductor makers, and as oil prices rose  nearly \$1 a barrel.
Hyatt to Buy AmeriSuites Hotel Chain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hyatt Corp. on Thursday said it agreed  to buy AmeriSuites, an upscale limited-service hotel chain that  it hopes will complement its full-service portfolio.
Showtime for Martha Next year will bring a brand new Martha Stewart show, but it's not as daring as it could have been.
Is D B Down and Broken? Dave   Buster's has a lethargic quarter, but the calendar proves that the third quarters are always slow at D B.
Kos Sinks, Generic Drug Blamed  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Kos Pharmaceuticals Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KOSP.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KOSP.O&lt;/A&gt; slumped 8 percent on Thursday after an analyst  suggested Barr Pharmaceuticals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRL.N&lt;/A&gt; could launch a  copycat version of a key Kos drug earlier than expected.
Japan  Extends Its Military Presence in Iraq Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's cabinet agreed Thursday to extend the deployment of Japan's 600 non-combat troops in Iraq for up to one year despite widespread public opposition and condemnations by political opponents.
OPEC Warns Oil Supply Cuts Needed for 2005 &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Peg Mackey and Francois Murphy&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers said on Thursday that\Friday's ministerial meeting would focus on halting oversupply\to bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to\reduce output quotas early next year.&lt;/p&gt;
UK imports at record high The UK's trade gap widens sharply from 4.4bn to 5.3bn, as imports hit 21.5bn, the highest monthly level since records began.
China officials halt Playboy club Business regulators in Shanghai turn down an application for a Playboy nightclub complex in the city.
UK to launch Parliamentary inquiry into future e-voting The U.K. government will launch a Parliamentary inquiry next year into the practicalities of electronic voting.
Bomb Explodes in Argentine Branch of Citibank &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - A small bomb explodedearly on Thursday in an Argentine branch of Citibank but nobodywas injured, police said.&lt;/p&gt;
Venezuelan President Approves Media Law A law that gives the government control over the content of radio and television programs in Venezuela took effect Thursday.
Folgers lifts ground coffee prices 14 Folgers, a brand of Procter  amp; Gamble (PG), raised the price of its roast-and-ground coffee on Thursday, affecting about 75 of the company #39;s retail coffee line.
Tech Stocks Tumble After Chip Makers Warn US stocks fell on Thursday, hit by a sharp drop in technology shares following a slew of sales warnings from semiconductor makers, and as oil prices rose nearly \$1 a barrel.
Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain US jobless claims unexpectedly rose again last week in more worrying news for the labor market while prices for imported goods grew in November, government data showed on Thursday.
Bring on the big boys, says Bayern #39;s Magath Bayern Munich manager Felix Magath admits he is unconcerned who his side face in the last sixteen of the Champions League, claiming the 18-time German champions are capable of beating anyone.
Tyson arrested for beating car POLICE have arrested former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson for allegedly jumping on the bonnet of a car outside a nightclub. The car #39;s driver Asaf Alikadic, 22, told police he had left the club and stopped 
Arms to Pak: India conveys concerns to US India today conveyed to the US its concern over repercussions of American arms supplies to Pakistan on the ongoing Indo-Pak dialogue and its impact on the positive sentiments for Washington in this country.
ANNAN #39;S FUTURE: Remains up in the air with scandal When US Secretary of State Colin L. Powell met Secretary-General Kofi Annan last month at an Egyptian summit on Iraq, the two old friends shook hands.
Nintendo boss slams PSP as DS shipment target is raised Sony #39;s forthcoming PlayStation Portable handheld will fail to attract newcomers to gaming, according to Nintendo president Satoru Iwata, whose comments come as shipment targets for the DS are raised once again.
Humans favoured for Hubble rescue Shuttle astronauts would do a better job of upgrading the ailing Hubble Space Telescope than robots, a panel of space experts has said.
Samsung shipping samples of 512Mbit GDDR3 Samsung Electronics has begun shipping samples of 512Mbit GDDR3 chips targeting the high-end graphics-card and the game-console markets.
Angulo apology for Valencia fracas Valencia midfielder Miguel Angel Angulo has joined coach Claudio Ranieri in apologizing for his behavior during the bad-tempered Champions League match against Werder Bremen, daily Marca reported on Thursday.
Saudis call for delays in output cuts Saudi Arabia is urging global oil stocks be increased before the world #39;s crude oil cartel consider cutting output. Members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries 
MP Offers to Photograph IRA Decommissioning Maverick Labour MP Austin Mitchell today offered to use his photographic skills to end the impasse in the Northern Ireland peace process.
Iraqi Shiites unveil broadly based electoral alliance BAGHDAD, Dec 9 (AFP) - Iraq #39;s majority Shiite Muslims on Thursday unveiled a broad alliance ahead of next month #39;s key elections that is backed by their highest religious leader but which excludes radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr.
Middle East ; Israeli airstrike wounds three Palestinians in Gaza Middle East News, Three Palestinian fighters were injured in an Israeli missile strike on their car in the southern Gaza Strip, witnesses and medics said on Thursday.
Tyco International Ups Dividend Tyco International (TYC:NYSE - news - research) Thursday reaffirmed guidance and said its board had approved a dividend increase. The Bermuda-based conglomerate said the quarterly dividend will increase to 
Mozilla tries to emulate Firefox success with email client. Mozilla the company behind the overnight success Firefox 1.0 has launched an email client to go up against Microsofts Outlook Express email client.
Samsung doubles graphics memory density Samsung Electronics said today that it has made a memory manufacturing breakthrough that allows it to produce a graphics memory chip that is faster than any other on the market.
Yahoo buys start-up to boost mobile Yahoo on Tuesday confirmed it acquired a start-up last month called Wuf Networks that produces technology to let people transfer digital files onto mobile devices.
Charges filed in connection with brawl Seven fans have now been charged along with five Indiana Pacers players in the Nov. 19 brawl at a Detroit Pistons NBA game. Players Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson, David Harrison and Anthony Johnson are charged with one count of assault and battery.
BENITEZ OUT TO KEEP GERRARD Rafael Benitez has told his ambitious skipper Steven Gerrard that he can achieve all of his dreams at Liverpool. The Anfield manager understands fully Gerrard #39;s dilemma as the England midfielder contemplates 
Biathlon stars gather at Holmenkollen Norway #39;s biathlon queen lost more grip on her reign Thursday. The world #39;s top biathlon athletes gathered in Oslo for World Cup competition due to last through the weekend.
Oil firm chief in Singapore free on bail Scandal-hit Chen Jiuling, the suspended chief of Singapore-based China Aviation Oil (CAO) was questioned by local police for a second straight day yesterday as the investigation 
SPX shakes up leadership: Blystone out, Johnson in The SPX Corp. Board of Directors accepted the resignation and retirement of Chairman, President and CEO John Blystone. The now Charlotte NC-based SPX -- which for years was the Sealed Power Corp.
McDonald #39;s posts another monthly sales gain, led by US OAK BROOK, Ill. Oak Brook-based McDonald #39;s is reporting a solid four-point-two percent gain in worldwide comparable sales for November and a 20th straight monthly increase for its US business.
Bank of England holds interest rates The Bank of England left the cost of borrowing unchanged at 4.75 per cent on Thursday after data had shown a slowdown in the housing market, slowing consumer 
November import prices rise 0.2, more than expected The price of goods imported into the United States in November rose 0.2, slightly more than expected, a Labor Department report showed on Thursday, as increases in non-petroleum prices hit a 10-month high.
India to take on Bangladesh India #39;s first Test against Bangladesh begins on Friday in Dhaka and already all the talk is not on whether India will win but when.
Sky is the limit The movement of oil prices this year, both in the international and local markets, has consistently maintained an upward trend causing hysteria in the global oil market.
China/New York IBM deal reflects global realignment International Business Machines Corp. Tuesday agreed to sell its personal computer business to China #39;s largest computer manufacturer, backing out of a market the venerable technology 
The future in your pocket The next 12 months look like they are going to be a lot of fun if you are a geek or gadget fan.
Car bomber hits central Baghdad A suicide bomber blows up his car near the party headquarters of interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi.
Sony announces Disney Blu-Ray support The next generation battle is heating up even further today with the announcement that Disney will be releasing its movies on the Blu-Ray format rather than Toshibas HD-DVD format.
Car Bomb Blast Near Allawi HQ in Baghdad  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber targeted a  police checkpoint on a road leading to the headquarters of  Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's party in western Baghdad on  Monday, killing at least two people, officials and witnesses  said.
China bans video game for allegedly offending Chinese sovereignty? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China has banned British computer game  quot;Football Manager 2005, quot; saying it violated Chinese law by referring to Taiwan, Hong Kong and other regions claimed by China as separate countries.
Samsung Samples First 512Mbit GDDR3 Seoul, South Korea-based Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. has begun shipping a 512Mbit GDDR2 memory device, one it claims is the most advanced graphics double-data-rate synchronous DRAM available.
The US Approach to Climate Change There is a major UN climate change meeting underway in Buenos Aires: the tenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP-10).
Frazier Advances at ASB Women's Classic (AP) AP - Top-seeded Amy Frazier advanced to the second round of the ASB Women's Classic on Monday with a 6-3, 6-3 win over fellow American Laura Granville.
IBM Sale Reflects Unease in Personal Computer Sector  quot;Every PC maker has to deal with this, one way or another, quot; International Data Corp. analyst Roger Kay said. The problem is that it #39;s difficult to make money on PCs today, given how cutthroat competition has driven down prices.
DVD-copying system sparks legal battle It #39;s a clash between the film industry and a consumer electronics company -- over a home theatre jukebox. The legal battle is over something called the Kaleidescape System.
Koeman wields Ajax captaincy axe Ajax coach Ronald Koeman has sacked Rafael van der Vaart as club captain and replaced him with Czech international Tomas Galasek, the team said.
New Trouble for Mike Tyson (New York- WABC, December 9, 2004 ) - Boxer Mike Tyson has had another run in with the law. Tyson was released yesterday after his arrest in Arizona.
US soldier killed, three wounded in Afghanistan ambush (AFP) AFP - An American soldier has been killed and three others wounded in an ambush in eastern Afghanistan, in the second fatality suffered by US forces in the country in as many days, the US military said.
Stocks fall on worrisome news NEW YORK An unexpected jump in unemployment claims and rising oil prices have stocks losing ground. Also, tech stocks are tumbling on poor sales forecasts from a pair of semiconductor makers.
Rumsfeld Visits India, Delhi Frets on Arms Sales (Reuters) Reuters - The United States will build stronger\defense ties with India, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld\vowed on Thursday, but New Delhi said proposed U.S. arms sales\to Pakistan could affect relations with Washington.
Sonics Move Into Tie for NBA's Best Record (AP) AP - The surprising Seattle SuperSonics stopped the San Antonio Spurs' long winning streak at home and moved into a tie for the NBA victory lead.
Envoy Complains of 'Anti-French Neurosis' in Israel (Reuters) Reuters - France's ambassador to Israel\criticized Israelis on Thursday for what he called "anti-French\neurosis," drawing a rebuke from the Jewish state and touching\off a new diplomatic row between the two countries.
Khartoum, Darfur Rebels Split on Peace Chances (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government said on Thursday it\hoped to reach a peace deal in talks resuming on Friday with\rebels in Darfur, where the United Nations says one of the\world's worst humanitarian crises has unfolded.
US defence secretary sidesteps India's concern over F16s for Pakistan (AFP) AFP - US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld met Indian leaders but sidestepped controversy after New Delhi urged Washington not to sell F-16 fighter planes to rival Pakistan.
Powell Says He Won't Run for Office (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell said Thursday he won't seek political office, dismissing suggestions that he run for governor or senator in New York.
Bush: No Payroll Tax Hike for Soc. Sec. (AP) AP - President Bush on Thursday flatly ruled out raising payroll taxes to ensure the solvency of Social Security, as he opened a push for historic changes in the retirement program.
Nobel Peace Prize Winner Maathai Answers Critics  OSLO (Reuters) - Kenyan Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari  Maathai dismissed critics on Thursday who say ecology has too  little to do with peace to merit the award. She said most wars  are fought over natural resources.
NATO, Russia Deny 'Cold War' Rift on Ukraine  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Former Cold War foes NATO and Russia  on Thursday played down weeks of tension over rigged  presidential poll results in Ukraine and issued a joint call  for free and fair elections at the end of the month.
Envoy Complains of 'Anti-French Neurosis' in Israel  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - France's ambassador to Israel  criticized Israelis on Thursday for what he called "anti-French  neurosis," drawing a rebuke from the Jewish state and touching  off a new diplomatic row between the two countries.
Khartoum, Darfur Rebels Split on Peace Chances  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan's government said on Thursday it  hoped to reach a peace deal in talks resuming on Friday with  rebels in Darfur, where the United Nations says one of the  world's worst humanitarian crises has unfolded.
Crude Oil Rises as OPEC Ministers Call for a Production Cut Crude oil rose for a second day on speculation that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will call for a production cut at a meeting tomorrow.
France Cuts Air France KLM Stake France shed almost half of its 44 percent stake in Air France KLM on Thursday, kicking off a wider deal that could see its remaining stake cut to below 
Air China raises \$8.3b with high-end price Air China, the country #39;s largest airline, will raise HK\$8.36 billion after pricing its Hong Kong and London initial public offering (IPO) at the high end of its price range, sources said.
Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain US jobless claims unexpectedly rose again last week in more worrying news for the labor market, government data showed on Thursday, while other data offered more positive signals for America #39;s economy.
Study: Chicken Genome Fills Crucial Knowledge Gap  quot;The chicken genome fills a crucial gap in our scientific knowledge, quot; says Francis Collins, director of the National Human Genome Research Institute.
HP revamps midrange storage line DECEMBER 09, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Hewlett-Packard Co. yesterday announced several upgrades to its midrange storage products, including disk-to-disk or disk-to-tape backup functionality with its StorageWorks 
Champions League: Group B review - Real Madrid Figo out how to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three teams went into Matchday 6 with an opportunity to qualify from Group B, with the big question being whether superstar-infested Real Madrid would be one of those to make it.
Clijsters likely to miss Australian Open CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters is not expected to play in next month #39;s Australian Open tennis tournament as she continues to recover from wrist surgery.
 #39;US arms to Islamabad could impact India-Pakistan ties #39; (LEADS &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; India News: New Delhi, Dec 9 : India Thursday expressed concern at a US decision to sell sophisticated weapons to Pakistan, saying it would adversely affect the  quot;sensitive quot; India-Pakistan peace process as well as growing India-US ties.
Disney Joins Blu-Ray Team The entertainment company plans to release movies through Sony's HD DVD format. Also: France sells off stakes in Air France   hellip;.  GM in Europe announces future cuts   hellip;. and more.
Semiconductor Sector Sends Stocks Lower US stocks fell on Thursday, led by a decline in the technology sector following a batch of sales warnings from chip makers and a jump in oil prices to nearly \$43 a barrel.
Disney Backs Blu-Ray Format for Its Movies (AP) AP - The Walt Disney Co. plans to release its movies and other content in the Blu-Ray format, one of the two major contenders for next-generation DVDs that will deliver high-definition images to TV sets.
Glaus Agrees to 4-Year Deal With Arizona (AP) AP - All-Star third baseman Troy Glaus agreed Thursday to a four-year contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks, who hope the 2002 World Series MVP will rebound from a season cut short by an injured shoulder.
Samsung Doubles Graphics Memory Density The Samsung device has at least twice the density of any graphics memory available today, offering gamers much richer textures and imagery, the electronics giant said.
COULTHARD IMPRESSES IN TESTING David Coulthard was once again on the pace as he tested for Red Bull Racing in the hope of claiming a race seat there next season.
Report: D #39;backs sign Glaus According to a report in the Arizona Republic, the Diamondbacks have signed third baseman Troy Glaus to a four-year contract worth \$45 million.
Els stalks leader in South Africa Ernie Els made the most of his local knowledge with a five-under-par 67 in the first round of the Dunhill Championship. Els, who has a house on the course, carded five birdies and no bogeys after starting at 6:45am local time.
Regardless of age, Oklahoma tailback should win Heisman Trophy Last week I solicited readers #39; opinions about what I should do with my Heisman ballot, and they responded to the tune of more than 1,000 e-mails.
Fans Mourn Slaying of Ex-Pantera Guitarist (AP) AP - Stunned fans of the North Texas-based heavy-metal rock band Damageplan jammed the group's Web site Thursday after a gunman's attack on the band during an Ohio concert left its guitarist and four other people dead.
Powell Attacks European NATO Allies on Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell\accused European allies of undermining NATO on Thursday by\refusing to allow staff seconded to the alliance to take part\in its military training mission in Iraq.
DS success shows public wants 'easy-to-play' video games: Nintendo (AFP) AFP - Nintendo said its new DS hand-held console is beating sales expectations, showing that the public wants easy-to-play video games instead of elaborate high-tech machines.
Blair Said to Seek New Climate Pact with Bush (Reuters) Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is\trying to involve the United States in a new international\treaty on global warming, The Times newspaper said on Thursday.
Glaus Headed to Arizona  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks made a  big splash in the free-agent market on Thursday by signing  third baseman Troy Glaus to a four-year contract.
Recommended Hubble Repair Mission Gets Measured Response from Congress (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - WASHINGTON -- The nbsp;announcement Wednesday by nbsp;the National Academy of \Sciences that NASA scrap its plan to robotically repair the Hubble Space \Telescope and instead plan a manned shuttle mission for the endeavor was met by \by nbsp;congressional leaders nbsp;with both support and \reservations.
Sharing SETI: A Personal Book List (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - As the holiday season approaches, book lists fill the entertainment sections of newspapers: fiction and non-fiction, prize winners of all sorts, the ubiquitous coffee-table large-format illustrated tomes, and children's literature. For me, it's always a tempting feast. It's an opportunity to expand my personal library or find a gift for someone special.
Opposition Gears Up for New Election Battle  KIEV (Reuters) - NATO and Russia put weeks of tension  behind them to call on Thursday for a free and fair election in  Ukraine as aides of liberal Viktor Yushchenko predicted victory  for their candidate in this month's re-run of a rigged vote.
Court Overturns Nigerian Woman's Stoning Sentence  NINGI, Nigeria (Reuters) - A young Nigerian mother  sentenced to death by stoning for having sex outside marriage  was acquitted and discharged by an Islamic appeals court on  Thursday.
Dungeness Crab You know that winter has descended upon you when the days become long and you can feel the cold in your bones. It is also then that descending upon the west coast of North America, from San Francisco bay up to Alaska, is the Dungeness crab.
Canon loses printer recycling case Refilling, reselling cartridges doesn't violate patents - Tokyo court
Britons growing 'digitally obese' \Gadget lovers are carrying the equivalent of 10 trucks full of paper in weight, a study has found.
Nintendo's DS beats sales target Nintendo raises its sales target for the DS handheld  games console after strong early sales.
GM cuts 10,000 jobs in Germany General Motors' European unit is to cut 10,000 jobs in Germany as part of a plan to save  \$665m (347m) annually.
Mobile Phone Users Double Since 2000  GENEVA (Reuters) - Mobile phone subscribers around the  globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year,  about one quarter of the world's population, the International  Telecommunication Union (ITU) said on Thursday.
Mickey Mouse Makes a DVD Pick Disney is lining up behind Sony's new high-definition DVD format while other Hollywood players back the rival Toshiba format. Will the format wars scare consumers away from the next generation of DVD players? &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Simulation, War's New Teacher Will Interactive is part of a prospering crop of Washington area firms trying to sell interactive training and simulation technologies to the military.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
IBM Stops Offering Cash-Balance Pension International Business Machines Corp., taken to court by workers over changes it made to its traditional pension plan, has decided to stop offering any such plan to new employees.
Musicians Are Making Tracks to Video Games Winning a spot on Madden NFL's soundtrack is a new route to an old audience, as sure a bet as any when it comes to grabbing a prized demographic.
Cell Phones In Flight Considered The Federal Communications Commission is considering loosening a ban on using cell phones in airplanes.
Congress to Back Aid for Internet Schools Congress guaranteed the flow of Internet aid to schools and libraries and provided federal funds to upgrade emergency 911 services for calls from mobile phones in a communications bill approved Wednesday and sent to the president for his signature.
Oracle's Ellison Confident in PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. CEO Larry Ellison reiterated his determination to prevail in a long-running takeover battle with rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc., predicting the proposed deal will create a more competitive company with improved customer service.
Mobile Phone Users Double Since 2000 &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Robert Evans&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; GENEVA (Reuters) - Mobile phone subscribers around the\globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year,\about one quarter of the world's population, the International\Telecommunication Union (ITU) said on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Experts Urge People to Unplug Occasionally Katie Achille grew up with the Internet. She was 9 when she first tapped into it - and quickly became an avid e-mailer, Web surfer and sender of instant messages. But when recent computer troubles left her without regular Web access, something unexpected happened: To her surprise, she suddenly felt free.
Waterproof IPod Housing All Wet After you've joined the music revolution and plunked down \$250 for an Apple iPod mini, it's easy to become quite protective of the little gizmo.
Mountaineers to rescue juniper Mountaineers are planting junipers on ledges to prevent them from being eaten by hungry sheep.
Rumsfeld Says He's Not Surprised by Troops' Complaints The defense secretary said today that it was valuable to hear concerns directly from troops, but he offered no changes.
Outsource the CEO! Knight-Ridder's Phil Robinson offers a "right and reasonable" solution to outsourcing.
GM Europe To Cut 12,000 Jobs in Deal The world #39;s largest automaker launched negotiations with European employees after it unveiled the cost-cutting plans in October, triggering days of walkouts at GM #39;s German plants.
Weekly Jobless Claims Rise Again New claims for jobless benefits moved higher last week, a possible sign that employers haven #39;t completely let go of their caution and are looking to cut costs.
Toll Brothers reels in record numbers Toll Brothers Inc. (NYSE:TOL), a developer of luxury homes, reported record fourth-quarter and fiscal-year-end results for earnings, revenue, contracts and backlog.
Hyatt buying AmeriSuites chain The Hyatt hotels company is buying the AmeriSuites chain from its current owner, The Blackstone Group. The companies haven #39;t disclosed the purchase price, but published reports say Hyatt is likely to pay more than \$600 million.
Disney backs Sony DVD technology Film giant Disney says it will produce its future DVDs using Sony #39;s Blu-ray Disc technology, but has not ruled out a rival format developed by Toshiba.
Zingy to Deliver Kanye West, Aaliyah Songs (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile media company Zingy on\Monday said it signed deals to deliver voice recordings by\Grammy-nominated rapper Kanye West and songs from the late R B\singer Aaliyah to mobile phone users.
HP #39;s new offerings expand ILM portfolio New releases of disk, tape and optical storage technologies, and enhanced information management software from HP will extend the company #39;s ILM (Information Lifecycle Management) portfolio.
Troy Glaus agrees to four-year deal with Arizona Diamondbacks All-star third baseman Troy Glaus agreed Thursday to a four-year contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks, who hope the 2002 World Series MVP will rebound from a season cut short by an injured shoulder.
Champions League: Group C review - Juve and Bayern in cruise &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; And so to the terrifyingly dull event that was Matchday 6 in Group C. The only issue to be resolved here was whether it would be Ajax or Maccabi Tel Aviv who would secure the UEFA Cup spot.
Govt clears Chittagong as venue for matches  quot;On the basis of security team #39;s report the Government is advising the BCCI to go-ahead with the matches in Chittagong, quot; a spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs told a news agency.
No. 6 Duke Rallies Past Clemson, 62-54 (AP) AP - J.J. Redick had 20 of his 24 points in the second half and role player Lee Melchionni made two clutch 3-pointers, helping No. 6 Duke rally past Clemson 62-54 Sunday night in the Atlantic Coast Conference opener for both teams.
NHL, Union Return To Bargaining Table _ NHL officials and union leaders return to the bargaining table Thursday, marking their first talks since late summer. The players #39; association on Sept.
IRA pledges full disarmament BREAKING months of silence, the Irish Republican Army declared today it was willing to get rid of all its weapons this month - but only if Protestants backed a new power-sharing 
One billion kids  #39;miss childhood #39; A report by a kids #39; group says more than half of the children in the world are suffering because of the effects of war, poverty and the HIV virus.
Palestinian car explodes in Gaza, wounding three militants Witnesses and medical officials in Gaza Strip say one Palestinian militant and two of his bodyguards were wounded today when their car exploded.
New GNOME version is available for Linux users A new version of GNOME (GNU Network Object Model Environment) desktop interfaces is now available for download.
Researchers warn laptop users of infertility risk Laptops should be used as desktops if men want to protect their reproductive health, according to a new study published Thursday.
Netline strikes deal with Novell Netline Internet Service on Thursday announced that Novell has agreed to provide global training, maintenance, and support for its Open-Xchange Server product.
Nintendo DS Proves Popular Company says sales of the handheld gaming device are much better than expected.
Disney Backs Blu-ray Standard Company is the latest to pick a side in the battle of high-definition disc formats.
Microsoft Schedules Second Longhorn Event Conference will allow developers to examine, discuss the successor to Windows XP.
Friendster, Eurekster Team Up for Personalized Search Friendster has rolled out a new internet search service powered by Eurekster that taps into your online social network to personalize and enhance search results.
Warm signs detected from distant icy world LONDON - A large, icy rock at the edge of our solar system was warm at some point, a finding that suggests planetary processes like volcanic activity, astronomers say.
Buried under rubble for 10 days RESCUERS in the Philippines yesterday pulled at least four survivors from a building that collapsed in mudslides 10 days ago. The miraculous tale of survival came as officials 
Eurekster and Friendster Partner for Friendster Search Engine Eurekster and Friendster Partner for Friendster Search Engine\\Friendster, the social networking community, and Eurekster, the Internet search engine powered by community and social networking technologies, announced the launch of personalized Internet search and navigation services on Friendster networks in eight countries.\\Friendster Search, powered by Eurekster, shows search results that have ...
News: The strange death of the mass mailing virus Mass mailing viruses will go the way of macro viruses and become much rarer next year.
News: Marine Corps deploys Fallujah biometric ID scheme US forces in Iraq are attempting to tame Fallujah with biometric ID, according to an NBC news report broadcast last week.
Mac OS X  #151; Rock Solid  #147;The Macintosh, with its OS X operating system, is rock solid, #148; writes Walt Mossberg for the Wall Street Journal.  #147;It is elegant, and  #151; when you do a feature-by-feature price comparison with Windows competitors  #151; it #146;s surprisingly affordable. #148; Dec 09
What Price Privacy? Tucked away in this week's \$388 billion spending bill is a rule that could put a privacy officer in every federal agency, no matter what its function. By Ryan Singel.
A Gift Guide for Game Geeks Buying a game for a hard-core gamer with an extensive collection is a daunting task. You might be better off opting for one of the myriad accessories, soundtracks or tacky souvenirs designed for gaming fanatics. By Lore Sjberg.
Photo Site a Hit With Bloggers Flickr, an online photo service that lets people share pictures, is gaining a strong following among bloggers and digital camera enthusiasts for its speed, simplicity and open standards. By Daniel Terdiman.
RSS: Show Me the Money Like it or not, ads are coming to RSS. Sending information only to those who want it might be a way to keep subscribers from rioting. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Panel: Robot Won't Save Hubble A report commissioned by NASA says the space agency won't succeed in its plans to send a robot to repair the ailing Hubble Space Telescope. Send humans instead, the report's authors recommend. By Amit Asaravala.
Getting Burned? Put on a Shirt Sunscreen and floppy hats are the normal tools to fight UV radiation in Australia. Now you can add laundry detergent. By Stephen Leahy.
Why Nerds Are Unpopular If you're too cool for school, you're probably not very smart. Some of us would rather build rockets than friendships. By Paul Graham from Wired magazine.
Laptops a Hot Fertility Issue Researchers find that men who place portable computers on their laps are inadvertently raising the temperature of their scrotums -- and possibly damaging their sperm. By Amit Asaravala.
This Genome Is Fowl Researchers have sequenced the genome of the chicken, and they hope it will increase understanding of embryonic development and help farmers breed disease-resistant birds. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Semiconductor Sector Slides, Stocks Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday, led by a  decline in the technology sector following a batch of sales  warnings from chip makers and a jump in oil prices to nearly  \$43 a barrel.
Costco Disappoints on Profit, Stock Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Costco Wholesale Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COST.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COST.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. warehouse club, on Thursday posted a 21 percent  rise in quarterly profit but its shares fell after it failed to  beat expectations.
GM cuts 10,000 jobs in Germany General Motors #39; loss-making European division is to cut 12,000 jobs in a bid to save \$665m (347m) annually. The redundancies will affect a fifth of its workforce, with 10,000 positions going at Opel plants in Germany.
WMC Announces AU\$1 Billion Payout WMC currently is fending off a AU\$7.4 billion takeover bid by Switzerland-based Xstrata PLC. The mining company upgraded its earnings forecast to around \$1.3 billion for the calendar year, above analysts #39; expectations.
Ford President Scheele to Retire Ford Motor Co. President Nick Scheele will retire early next year after 38 years with the No. 2 US automaker, Ford said on Thursday.
Iger: Disney Throws Weight Behind Blu-Ray DVD Format Once upon a time, Betamax was more than a winning answer in Trivial Pursuit: It was a real competitor with the VHS videotape format.
Siemens claims gigabit wireless breakthrough German company Siemens has shown what it claims to be the fastest ever wireless network connection. The demonstration at its Munich laboratories on Tuesday reached speeds of 1Gbps, twenty times faster than 
White Sox sign OF Dye to two-year contract CHICAGO (USATODAY.com) - The Chicago White Sox did not offer arbitration to outfielder Magglio Ordonez. Evidently, it will be Jermaine Dye to pick up the slack.
Rumsfeld tries to soothe angry U.S. troops (Reuters) Reuters - Under fire from troops who complain they are being sent to war in Iraq with inadequate gear, U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld promised on Thursday that more would be done to protect forces.
Tyco Raises Dividend  BOSTON (Reuters) - Tyco International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TYC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TYC.N&lt;/A&gt;        on  Thursday raised its dividend for the first time in five years,  the latest indication of change at the once scandal-tarnished  diversified manufacturer.
Ford's President and Vice Chairman to Retire; Padilla to Replace Scheele Ford Motor Co. announced the retirements of president Nick Scheele and vice chairman Allan Gilmour on Thursday, two company veterans tapped by Bill Ford to help the company emerge from a sea of red ink during the past three years.
Palestinian presidential elections candidate beaten The independent candidate for the Palestinian Presidential elections Mustafa al-Barghouthi said he was beaten yesterday by the occupation soldiers at a military checkpoint near Jenin to the north of the West Bank.
Stocks Rebound, National Semi Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks recovered from earlier  losses and rose early Thursday afternoon, with National  Semiconductor Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NSM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NSM.N&lt;/A&gt; shares surging after the chip maker  said problems with excess inventory in the distribution channel  are behind it.
OPEC consensus emerging to cut oil over-production CAIRO (AFP) - OPEC oil producers appeared set to agree on a reduction in crude output by stepping up quota compliance to thwart a feared drop in prices as global energy demand slows next year.
France sells 17.7 percent of Air France The French government has announced its selling 17.7 percent of Air France-KLM Group, the manager of the sale said. France is going to sell 693 million of the Europe #39;s biggest airline, or \$922 million of 
Ford #39;s Scheele to Retire as President on Feb. 1 (Update2) Ford Motor Co. President Nick Scheele, who postponed his retirement three years ago after being called to the US to help stop losses, will retire Feb. 1. He turns 61 next month.
Tyco Raises Dividend Tyco International Inc. (TYC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday raised its dividend for the first time in five years, the latest indication of change at the once scandal-tarnished diversified manufacturer.
Eli Lilly expects earnings growth in 2005; accelerated newer drug &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, December 9 (newratings.com) - Eli Lilly and Co (LLY.NYS) guided to earnings growth in 2005 today, driven by the accelerating sales of its newer drugs.
Hyatt to Buy AmeriSuites Hotel Chain Hyatt Corp. on Thursday said it agreed to buy AmeriSuites, an upscale limited-service hotel chain that it said would complement its full-service portfolio.
Panel Wants People, Not Robots, To Fix Hubble That #39;s the recommendation from a panel from the National Academy of Sciences concerning a mission to the Hubble Space Telescope.
Wireless network smashes world speed record A new world record has been set for transmitting data across a wireless network, claim researchers in Germany. A team at Siemens Communications research laboratory in Munich, have transmitted one gigabit (one 
Oracle Tackles Unstructured Data With New Content-Management &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oracle revealed Wednesday an ambitious content-management system to help its customers branch out into managing unstructured data, such as E-mail, Microsoft Word and Excel spreadsheet documents 
Samsung ships 512 Mbit GDDR3 memory Samsung announced that it doubled the density of graphics DDR3 memory and has begun shipping samples to graphics card and game console manufacturers.
IT heavyweights line up on MegaGrid  quot;A-list quot; IT suppliers Oracle Corp, EMC Corp, Dell Corp, and Intel Corp have banded together to forge an alliance to develop the grid computing systems of tomorrow.
U.K., U.S. to Share Anti-Terror Technology (AP) AP - The British government announced Thursday it had struck a deal to share counterterrorism technology and information with the United States.
Angulo apologizes for conduct in Champions League game Valencia #39;s Miguel Angel Angulo apologized Thursday for his bad behaviour during his team #39;s stormy Champions League match with Werder Bremen and said he was prepared to suffer the consequences of his actions.
Hamm cements her legacy She began her career as Mia Hamm, and ended it as Mia Garciaparra, wearing the last name of her shortstop husband on the back of her jersey for the first time during the second half of her final match on Wednesday night.
Amazon UK Launching DVD Rental Service (Reuters) Reuters - The UK Web site of\Amazon.com Inc.  is launching a DVD rental service, the\online retailer's first foray into a market pioneered by U.S.-\based Netflix. Inc.
Analysis: Will Subscriptions Drown Out iTunes? (MacCentral) MacCentral - It wasn't hard to figure out which company was on the minds of most of the attendees at the Music 2.0 conference in Los Angeles Wednesday. Whether representing record labels or online retailers, speakers at the digital music confab couldn't praise Apple enough for the success enjoyed by the company's iTunes Music Store -- that is, when those same speakers weren't predicting the store would soon tumble from its spot at the head of the online music market.
HP Embraces Open Source as Well as Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - HP's worldwide director of Linux marketing sees HP embracing open-source software and exploring the Linux desktop.
McDonald Takes One-Shot Lead at Dunhill (AP) AP - Bruce McDonald of Zimbabwe shot a 6-under 66 Thursday to take a one-shot lead over South Africa's Ernie Els at the PGA European Tour's season-opening Dunhill Championship.
Priest Holmes Placed on Injured Reserve  KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs  running back Priest Holmes will miss the remainder of the  season after being placed on injured reserve Thursday.
Oil Chemical Cleared of Damaging N.Sea Fish-Study (Reuters) Reuters - Water spilled into the North Sea from\offshore oil and gas drilling is less of a threat to fish than\previously thought, a Norwegian study showed on Thursday.
Who's Left From Bush's First-Term Cabinet (AP) AP - A look at the six people in President Bush's 15-member Cabinet who will remain in the administration in the second term:
Iraq's Neighbors Get  #36;2.9 Billion for Clean-Up (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations approved paying  #36;2.9\billion to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia on Thursday for\environmental projects to clean up oil lakes and other\pollution from Iraq's 1990-1991 occupation of Kuwait, a\spokesman said.
Angry Forest Workers Cut Off Toe of Italy (Reuters) Reuters - Angry forest service workers blocked\highways, halted trains and forced an airport to shut down on\Thursday, effectively cutting off the southern toe of Italy in\a protest against spending cuts that could cost hundreds of\jobs. The demonstrations across Calabria, the region that makes\up the tip of the Italian boot, are the latest by state sector\workers upset by the belt-tightening 2005 budget and follows a\general strike last week.
'Alternative Nobels' Awarded in Sweden (AP) AP - The winners of this year's Right Livelihood Awards  #151; dubbed the "alternative Nobels"  #151; received their prizes Thursday from Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf in a ceremony at parliament.
 quot;Shrek 3 quot; Swamped Until 2007 Bad news for Shrek fans--a certain green ogre will not be emerging from his swamp anytime in the near future. On the heels of Pixar and Disney #39;s decision to push back the release of Cars from 
IBM Could Lose Half Its PC Prospects To Dell, HP Almost half of the US enterprises who were IBM PC prospects said that they #39;re ready to consider Dell or HP now that the Armonk, NY-based giant is dumping its desktop and laptop business, a research firm reported Thursday.
Update 4: GM Europe Offers Generous Buyouts in Deal General Motors Corp. offered German workers generous buyouts Thursday to pave the way for up to 12,000 job cuts in Europe, where the world #39;s largest automaker is struggling to end years of losses amid fierce competition and weak demand.
Harley-Davidson CEO dismounts CHICAGO - Harley-Davidson Inc. Chief Executive Jeffrey Bleustein will retire from his CEO post effective April 30 and be replaced by Chief Financial Officer James Ziemer, the motorcycle maker said Thursday.
France Sells Half Its Holding in Air France-KLM (Update12) France reduced its stake in Air France-KLM Group, Europe #39;s biggest airline, by more than half, taking advantage of the carrier #39;s rising stock to pay off debt.
Update 2: China Aviation Oil Chief Faces Police Police questioned the suspended chief of China Aviation Oil #39;s Singapore unit for a second day Thursday as a probe continued into trading losses of more than half a billion dollars by China #39;s largest jet fuel buyer.
Update 1: Altera, Xilinx Warnings Slam Sector Shares of chip makers sank in Thursday trading after two US firms lowered their quarterly sales expectations, but the sector saw some relief after National Semiconductor Corp.
Boeing Gets \$4.1B Order From Singapore Aerospace giant Boeing Co. on Thursday said it finalized a \$4.1 billion order from Singapore Airlines Ltd. for 18 of its 777-300 extended-range jetliners, following through on an initial agreement between the two companies in August.
Baxter Ends Flu Vaccine Trial; Cites Side Effects Troubled hospital products maker Baxter International Inc. on Thursday said it halted a late-stage European trial of its experimental flu vaccine because of higher-than-expected rates of fever.
Update 4: Hyatt Purchasing AmeriSuites in \$600M Deal Hyatt Corp. disclosed plans Thursday to buy the 143-hotel AmeriSuites chain in an estimated \$600 million-plus deal that analysts said makes the luxury hotel company more of a well-rounded rival to much bigger Marriott International Inc.
Clemens Leaning Toward Retirement (AP) AP - Right now, Roger Clemens is leaning toward retirement. Fortunately for his Houston Astros, he's still making up his mind.
Ohio State Bans Postseason Basketball (AP) AP - Ohio State imposed a one-year ban on postseason play by its men's basketball team in response to  #36;6,000 the university said former coach Jim O'Brien gave a recruit who never played for the school.
Bettis, Martin May Hit Milestone Together (AP) AP - Curtis Martin and Jerome Bettis have the opportunity to go over 13,000 career yards rushing in the same game when Bettis and the Pittsburgh Steelers play Martin and the New York Jets in a big AFC matchup Sunday.
Disney to go with Blu-ray next-gen DVD The battle for supremacy in the realm of the next-generation DVD heated up Thursday as The Walt Disney Co. announced that it will distribute its features on the Blu-ray format.
Nintendo zaps handheld video game shortage com December 9, 2004, 9:37 AM PT. Video game systems maker Nintendo said it will increase North American shipments of its popular DS handheld by 40 percent in order to address a shortage of the devices.
Mysterious Tremors May Portend California Quakes Low-pitched rumbles from deep under California #39;s San Andreas fault may offer a way to predict future earthquakes, US geologists said on Thursday.
Panel Nixes NASA #39;s Hubble Fix NASA #39;s plan to send a robot to do an astronaut #39;s job is too expensive, technically risky and too time-consuming to develop, said a scientific panel that 
Amazon has launched its DVD Rental Service in the UK Amazon.com announced to today that they have launched their DVD Rentals service for its UK customers. The service offers to plans right now.
Probably the simplest phishing trick in the world Many popular browsers are affected by a vulnerability that makes it easy to spoof the content of websites, security firm Secunia warns.
A Favorite Emerges A company with close ties to White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf is a leading candidate for a contract to help plan Washington's new stadium.
Food running so low aboard station that crew ordered to cut back &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Food is running so low aboard the international space station that flight controllers have instructed the two crewmen to cut back on calories, at least until a Russian supply ship arrives in a little over two weeks.
Huawei wins 3G contract from Telfort Huawei Technologies, China #39;s leading telecommunications equipment maker, will build a third-generation network for Telfort, the Dutch mobile operator, its first such contract in Europe.
Kazaa talked to record firms about music swaps - court SYDNEY: Kazaa, the world #39;s most popular internet file-swapping system, told a court yesterday it was worried about users exchanging unauthorised files and held talks with record companies in the United States about the problem.
AMD releases details of 90 nm Opterons, multicore chips AMD quietly published first specs of the first 90 nm Opteron processors and talked about Opterons with up to eight cores during a conference with analysts.
Shaq, McGrady pace NBA best-seller list (AFP) AFP - Shaquille O'Neal's new Miami Heat uniform is the most popular selling replica jersey among all National Basketball Association players, the league announced.
How the British GP was saved The British Grand Prix has been confirmed with a five-year deal between the British Racing Drivers #39; Club - owner of the Silverstone circuit - and F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone.
McDonald takes one-shot lead over Els in Dunhill Championship Bruce McDonald of Zimbabwe shot a 6-under 66 Thursday to take a one-shot lead over South Africa #39;s Ernie Els at the PGA European Tour #39;s season-opening Dunhill Championship.
Black Caps duo cleared to play Australia BRISBANE: Brendon McCullum and Scott Styris were last night forgiven for expressing pent-up frustration at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Wednesday night and cleared to play the Chappell-Hadlee 
Hughes picks up where he left off at Masters Play has begun in the Australian Masters at Huntingdale in Melbourne with around half the field of 120 players completing their first rounds.
NHL-NHLPA talks break down in Toronto At about 3:20 pm, the NHL Players #39; Association left the building and the negotiations ended. They met for about four hours, apparently breaking for lunch during that time.
Holmes hurt knee against the Bucs The Kansas City Chiefs put running back Priest Holmes on the injured reserve list with an injured knee Thursday.  quot;Priest Holmes is making steady progress on the rehabilitation of his right knee, quot; team president Carl Peterson said.
Arizona sends a message of hope with Glaus signing The stewards of the Diamondbacks kept saying in recent months that they intend to field a contending team in 2005. It #39;s just been a little hard to hear them.
Buckeyes won #39;t play in NCAA or NIT tourneys COLUMBUS, Ohio Ohio State has sanctioned its men #39;s basketball team, barring the Buckeyes from playing in the NCAA or NIT tournaments this season.
Four finalists selected in bids for 2009 Super Bowl Atlanta, Houston, Miami and Tampa, Fla., were selected as the four finalists for the 2009 Super Bowl. The four were recommended by a committee of owners at a meeting in Atlanta on Wednesday.
Arizona Signs Glaus All-Star third baseman Troy Glaus agrees to a four-year, \$45 million contract with the Diamondbacks.
Powell Criticizes Some European Allies on Iraq In a fresh sign of lingering tensions over the Iraq war, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Thursday rapped European allies who declined to assist a NATO-led Iraq training 
Sharon Wins Vote to Rescue Gaza Pullout Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday Dec.9, 2004.
US denies push to oust Annan The Bush administration is not seeking to push UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan out of office over an investigation into the world body #39;s handling of the Iraq oil-for-food program, the US ambassador to the United Nations has said.
PM to Rumsfeld: we can do a lot more if Pak builds on trust NEW DELHI, DECEMBER 9: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today told US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld that India was ready to do more in taking forward the peace process with Pakistan if President Musharraf were to stick to his commitment on checking cross 
Nobel peace laureate: Struggle for peace, environmental &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nobel Peace Prize laureate Wangari Maathai defended her selection as the first environmentalist to win the prestigious award, saying Thursday it would help others understand that the struggle for peace begins with protecting the 
Only invitation entitles observers to Zimbabwe #39;s parliamentary &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe reiterated on Thursday that foreign observers to next year #39;s parliamentary election will come in strictly on the basis of invitation.
Berlusconi says he won #39;t get convicted Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi says he is confident a court will not convict him on charges of bribing judges.  quot;I don #39;t think there will be a conviction, quot; he said at the presentation 
Mortar attack wounds Iraqi guards Eight Iraqi National Guard members have been wounded in a mortar attack on their base in Baghdad, police said. Police said five mortars landed on the base in the al-Waziriya neighborhood of the capital on Thursday.
Peterson Could Break New Heisman Ground (AP) AP - Adrian Peterson's arrival at Oklahoma was accompanied by impossible expectations. Before he even stepped on a practice field, he was hyped as one of the nation's best runners who would carry the Sooners to greatness.
Ohio St. Extends Matta's Contract, Bans Postseason Play  COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Ohio State athletic  director Andy Geiger announced a one-year contract extension  for men's head basketball coach Thad Matta as a direct result  of the school imposing a ban on postseason play for 2004-05.
Official: OPEC to Cut Production Next Year OPEC will cut back on oil production early next year in a bid to stave off a further decline in the world price, Kuwait's oil minister said Thursday.
Yukos Subsidiary Tomskneft Gets \$114 Million Tax Bill Russian authorities have assessed a new tax claim for \$114 million on one of Yukos' smaller subsidiaries, the Interfax news agency reported Thursday, in the latest legal assault against the embattled Russian oil giant.
Mexico Seeks to Clean Up Shoddy Rights Record  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico's government plans sweeping  reforms to end rampant human rights violations, but experts  complain the plan lacks the teeth to stop police torture and  other abuses.
Ecuador judges' lock-in protest Supreme Court judges in Ecuador lock themselves inside their offices in protest at a decision to sack them.
Bush vows action over troops' kit President Bush says claims that US troops going to Iraq have  poor armour protection are being addressed.
Guitarist killer's motive unknown US police say they still have no idea why a gunman shot and killed guitarist Darrell Abbott and three others at a rock concert.
A Bit of Self-Promotion Worldwide Restaurant Concepts sounds like a company that is putting itself up for sale.
Hollywood, But Holly Shouldn't Hollywood Entertainment's board wants shareholders to accept the lowest buyout offer. That's called negotiating?
Intel: The Return of Stuart Smalley Intel smiles and proclaims all is well. Or is it a daily affirmation designed to keep angry investors at bay?
Firefighter Killed in Iraq Is Recalled as a Hero Sgt. Christian Engeldrum, a New York firefighter who responded to the World Trade Center attack and died in Iraq, was mourned today in the Bronx.
Rio Fights Rampant Street Crime as Tourists Fly In &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrei Khalip&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - Police armed with riflesand wearing flak jackets manned checkpoints across Rio deJaneiro on Thursday to prevent muggings and other violence astourists flocked to the ocean city for the holiday season.&lt;/p&gt;
'Alternative Nobels' Awarded in Sweden The winners of this year's Right Livelihood Awards - dubbed the "alternative Nobels" - received their prizes Thursday from Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf in a ceremony at parliament.
Consumer Reports Adds Drugs to Price Comparison (Reuters) Reuters - Consumer Reports magazine, best\known for comparing the prices and performance of cars,\televisions and washing machines, is adding drugs to its\coverage to help Americans save money on their health care.
America West: Will Not Bid for ATA (Reuters) Reuters - America West Holdings Corp.  on\Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier\ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
Athlete's Foot Seeks Bankruptcy Protection (AP) AP - Sneaker retailer Athlete's Foot Stores LLC filed a voluntary Chapter 11 petition Thursday in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan, according to court papers.
Consumer Reports Adds Drugs to Price Comparison  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Consumer Reports magazine, best  known for comparing the prices and performance of cars,  televisions and washing machines, is adding drugs to its  coverage to help Americans save money on their health care.
Stocks Rise on Sprint/Nextel Merger Talk  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Thursday  as investors hoping for a year-end rally bought shares.
Toll Brothers Profit Nearly Doubles  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toll Brothers Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said quarterly profit nearly doubled and raised its outlook for  the new fiscal year, citing strong demand for its luxury homes.
National Semi Quarterly Profit Rises  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - National Semiconductor Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NSM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NSM.N&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of chips used to manage power consumption in  electronics, on Thursday said quarterly profit rose, helped by  a one-time gain and a tax benefit, and it forecast a  smaller-than-usual sales decline in the current quarter.
Report: Robotic Hubble Mission Likely to Fail Description: NASA is considering an unprecedented robotic mission to save the Hubble Space telescope. But a final report from the National Academy of Sciences says the robotic mission probably won #39;t be ready on time to save the telescope.
Is Intel Too Optimistic? Plus, Amazon's British invasion, it's showtime for Martha, and GM's desperation gets noisier.
Ford Motor Co. announces changing of the guard DETROIT (AFP) - The Ford Motor Co. announced that two company veterans who were instrumental in the company #39;s turnaround will retire from the company in February.
PalmSource Buy Yields New OS December 9, 2004 - PalmSource Inc. has purchased China MobileSoft Ltd., Nanjing, a vendor of mobile phone software and operating systems.
ONE BILLION CHILDREN AT RISK One billion children - half the world #39;s population of children - suffer from poverty, conflict, HIV and AIDS, according to the United Nations child rights organisation.
Stocks Rally, Sprint/Nextel Talk Helps Stocks rose on Thursday as investors bet on a year-end rally, while talk of a possible merger by telecommunications companies Sprint and Nextel and upbeat earnings from chip maker National Semiconductor Corp.
Baxter shelves flu vaccine test In a setback for flu vaccine development, Deerfield-based Baxter International Inc. said today it has suspended enrollment in a late-stage European trial for a cell-based flu vaccine.
Stocks Flat; Higher Oil Limits Gains US stocks were little changed on Thursday as an upbeat earnings report from chip maker National Semiconductor Corp. (NSM) sparked some buying, but higher oil prices limited gains.
Are you Chicken? Genome study shows we share half their genes! According to a recent study, a Chicken and a Human share half of their genes. Although the chicken genome contains considerably less DNA than the human genome, it has about the same number of genes.
Amazon #39;s British Invasion The moment that DVD rental firms have been dreading is apparently close at hand. Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) is launching a DVD rental service in the United Kingdom, beating Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) -- now officially a rival -- to the punch.
Industry Leaders Partner With Oracle to Support First True &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OPENWORLD, SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Oracle (NASDAQ:ORCL) today announced evidence of strong support for its content management offering through partnerships with leading technology 
Siemens Clocks Record Speed in Wireless Race  quot;There #39;s a whole lot of factors that impact statements on speed, and the companies never include them. How far was it transmitted?
Home Theater Maker Kaleidescape Hit with Copyright Suit Gartner #39;s research indicates that US consumers have certain expectations as to what fair use really is.  quot;When we #39;ve surveyed teens and adults, we #39;ve found that at least 60 percent of both groups 
Food running low aboard station; Crew ordered to cut calories KENNEDY SPACE CENTER The crew of the international space station has been ordered to cut calories because the food supply is running low.
Gerrard playing for his future Steven Gerrard #39;s thunderous volley against Olimpiakos Piraeus may have secured Liverpool #39;s progress in the lucrative and prestigious UEFA Champions League, but it also virtually ensured the skipper #39;s Anfield exit during the summer transfer window.
Attention to detail makes Manning great It #39;s very easy to reel off the options Colts quarterback Peyton Manning has at his disposal. Soon-to-be free-agent WRs Marvin Harrison and Brandon Stokley, RB Edgerrin James, and TEs Dallas 
D-Backs get Glaus PHOENIX The Arizona Diamondbacks have worked out a four-year deal with third baseman Troy Glaus. The 2002 World Series MVP hit just .251 with 18 homers and 42 RBI #39;s in 58 games this year, missing much of the season due to shoulder surgery.
Sharon Wins Key Vote on Alliance for Gaza Plan Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party agreed on Thursday to a possible alliance with opposition Labour in a vote that averted a snap election and strengthened his Gaza withdrawal plan.
North Jersey Media Group A SMALL but loud chorus of conservative voices is calling for the resignation of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan. They say he is tainted by the UN oil-for-food scandal and should step down.
DreamWorks Shares Dip on  #39;Shrek #39; Delay Shares of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. dropped 6 percent Thursday after the Hollywood studio told Wall Street it will push back the release of its next  quot;Shrek quot; movie until the summer of 2007.
Harley-Davidson CEO to retire in April Jeffrey Bleustein, Harley-Davidson Co. chief executive officer, is retiring in April after 30 years with the company. Bleustein, 65, announced his retirement this afternoon at a company board meeting.
Baxter puts flu vaccine tests on hold DEERFIELD, Ill. - Medical products maker Baxter International Inc. said Thursday it suspended flu vaccine testing being conducted in Europe after more participants than expected came down with mild fevers.
Mystery tremors may portend California quakes deeper than most quakes. Some began just before a relatively large quake last September, they report in this week #39;s issue of the.
Oracle boosts content management in the enterprise As expected, the company unveiled Files 10g, part of the Oracle Collaboration Suite product line, at the OpenWorld user conference here.
Space crew  #39;using up food supply #39; It seems someone on the International Space Station has been super-sizing their meals: food is running so low that evacuation has been considered.
Bracewell sceptical about pitch New Zealand coach John Bracewell is sceptical about the preparation of the pitch for the Chappell-Hadlee Series decider, suggesting the Australians want to neutralise Black Caps spinner, Daniel Vettori.
UPDATE 1-Tuncay hat-trick sinks Manchester United Tuncay Sanli scored a classy second-half hat-trick to earn Fenerbahce a 3-0 win over a depleted Manchester United team in their final Champions League Group D match on Wednesday.
Country lags behind in saving  #39;children from deprivation #39; The country representative of the United Nations Children #39;s Fund (UNICEF), Morten Giersing, sought cooperation Thursday from the rich of the society for the wellbeing of the children.
US welcomes Japan #39;s decision to extend forces in Iraq The United States welcomed on Thursday Japan #39;s decision to extend the deployment of its forces in Iraq for an additional 12 months.
Shiite Groups Unite to Run in Iraq Elections Next Month Iraq #39;s leading Shiite political groups formally announced today that they had formed an alliance to run in the national elections set for late January, saying their 
Harley CEO Taking Off You could say it #39;s been quite a ride for Harley-Davidson #39;s (HDI:NYSE - news - research) Jeffrey L. Bleustein. The motorcycle company said Thursday that Bleustein, 65, will retire as CEO, effective April 30, but continue as chairman.
America West: Will Not Bid for ATA America West Holdings Corp. (AWA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
Amazon.com Begins DVD Rental Service on UK Site (Update2) Amazon.com Inc., the world #39;s biggest Internet retailer, began offering a DVD-rental service in the UK that will probably increase traffic on its site and could compete with Netflix Inc.
Banks, Law Agencies Team Up To Fight Phishing Digital PhishNet is the latest effort to share information that leads to immediate action against phishers. By Thomas Claburn. A group of businesses and law-enforcement agencies Wednesday announced the establishment 
Summary: Bush Has Full Agenda for January (AP) AP - FIRST ON TAP: President Bush was meeting Monday with nine new senators and 41 new representatives joining the 109th Congress in a session that a spokesman said was aimed at "coming together."
Lycos email scam hides nasty Trojan A malicious email purporting to offer a link to download Lycos #39; controversial spam busting screensaver is infecting users with a Trojan - proving that the fall out from the botched and now ditched service will continue to cause users pain.
Frozen heavenly body hints at a warm heart The outer solar system may not be a cemetery full of dead, frozen bodies, suggest new observations of a large object called Quaoar.
Amazon adds DVD rental service to UK store Amazon.co.uk has added a rental service to its DVD tab allowing customers to rent six DVDs a month for 9.99 or four DVDs for 7.99 additionally rental members will save an extra 10 per cent off of Amazons DVD prices.
OPEC may cut oil output OPEC oil producers have said they will rein in oversupply to bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to reduce output quotas early next year.
Icahn Blasts Mylan Board on King Deal Veteran financier Carl Icahn said it was  quot;reprehensible and insulting quot; that the board of drug maker Mylan Laboratories Inc.
Powell Bids Nostalgic Farewell to NATO (Reuters) Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell bid a\nostalgic farewell on Thursday to the NATO Western security\alliance he first served as platoon commander facing down the\Soviet army 46 years ago.
Correction: Morehead-St-Kentucky Story (AP) AP - In a Dec. 8 story about the Morehead State-Kentucky basketball game, The Associated Press reported erroneously that in a 71-40 loss, Morehead State scored its fewest points in a game since early in the 1978-79 season, when the Eagles had 37 in a loss to Indiana. Morehead State scored 32 points in a 1995 loss to Kentucky.
Australia training its spies in Middle East: espionage chief (AFP) AFP - Australia is sending its domestic intelligence agents to the Middle East for specialist training as part of a major effort to boost the fight against terrorism, the head of the country's main spy agency said.
Israel's Sharon Wins Crucial Likud Vote -Official  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party voted on Thursday in favor of his bid to bring the  opposition Labour party into government, officials said.
Rio Fights Rampant Street Crime as Tourists Fly In  RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - Police armed with rifles  and wearing flak jackets manned checkpoints across Rio de  Janeiro on Thursday to prevent muggings and other violence as  tourists flocked to the ocean city for the holiday season.
Crude oil prices rise on concern about less OPEC output Crude oil prices rose for the second day Thursday as traders worries that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) might trim excess oil output.
Baxter pulls flu vaccine from British test Baxter International has pulled its flu vaccine from a clinical trial in Britain because of side effects. Baxter, of Deerfield, Ill.
Harley-Davidson CEO Bleustein to Retire Harley-Davidson Inc. on Thursday said Jeffrey L. Bleustein will retire from his position as chief executive on April 30 after 30 years at the company.
Oracle Rolls Out Collaboration Suite 10g Oracle today announced Oracle(r) Collaboration Suite 10g with new real-time collaboration tools and enterprise content management capabilities.
Most Browsers Vulnerable to Pop-Up Attack Five advisories issued by security firm Secunia warn that a pop-up attack could expose users to phishing scams on most Web browsers.
EU safer internet plans approved The EU Council of Ministers has today approved plans for Safer Internet Plus - a programme designed to make the internet safer for children by tackling illegal, unwanted and harmful content -ncluding spam  - to promote awareness.
Klitschko-Williams: A Preview. Suddenly, everyone wants to know about Danny Williams. Hypocrisy is a harsh term to level at anyone, but its like the Arsenal football shirt paraded around by Williams in Las Vegas, with its precision creases 
Els in Dunhill contention South African Ernie Els fired a bogey free - five under par 67 to leave him one shot off the lead in the Dunhill Championships. The World number three teed off at 0645 local time starting from the ninth, but 
Don #39;t look back o Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig says his sport must get serious about steroid use. And now the players #39;union says it #39;s ready to talk about a testing plan.
Zimbabwe okays electoral reforms ZIMBABWE #39;S ruling party used its parliamentary majority today to pass electoral reforms the opposition said did not go far enough, and ban foreign-funded rights groups, a move critics say would stifle dissent.
Money Funds Rose in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds rose by  #36;7.25 billion in the latest week to  #36;832.87 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
U.N.: Mobile Phones Gaining Revenue (AP) AP - Mobile phones are expected to generate greater revenue this year than traditional land lines with the nations of Africa, Asia and Latin America driving growth, a U.N. agency said Thursday.
Militant Chief Wounded in Israeli Strike in Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - A militant leader survived an Israeli\missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel's first\assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since\Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.
Illicit Cameraphone Clicks Could Mean Jail (AP) AP - Camera phones may make great Christmas gifts, but people better not use them for peeping-Tom photos on federal property.
Opec prepares to support oil price by enforcing quotas OPEC oil ministers yesterday backed steps to end overproduction when members of the oil cartel meet in Cairo today. Saudi Arabia and others were authorised to open the taps in August as 
France to sell 700m holding in airline A 700 million (484 million) stake in Air France-KLM was put up for sale by the French Government yesterday, as part of an effort to more than halve its holding in the carrier to below 20 per cent.
Proctor  amp; Gamble, National Semiconductor move market higher By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stocks moved higher late in the session on Thursday after Procter  amp; Gamble (NYSE: PG) released a positive forecast for sales and profits.
GPS Used to Track Teens' Driving (AP) AP - Retired Gen. Tommy Franks has signed on to be the spokesman for a company that uses global positioning system technology in teens' cell phones to let parents know how fast they're driving.
Steelers' Burress to Miss Game With Jets (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Plaxico Burress was ruled out of Sunday's game against the Jets after missing practice with a sore hamstring Thursday, a day after he felt confident he was close to returning.
Samsung ships samples of world #39;s first 512Mb GDDR3 South Korean semiconductor maker Samsung Electronics has begun shipping the world #39;s first 512-megabit (Mb) GDDR3 memory device, a graphics double-data-rate synchronous DRAM for graphics card makers and electronic game console manufacturers.
T-Mobile USA Sees High-Speed Network 2 Years Off (Reuters) Reuters - T-Mobile USA, the U.S. wireless unit\of Deutsche Telekom AG (DTEGn.DE), does not expect to offer\broadband mobile data services for at least the next two years,\its chief executive said on Thursday.
Artest, other suspended players meet with arbitrator; NBA stays &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An arbitrator heard six hours of testimony Thursday in a grievance hearing that the NBA refused to attend about the Pacers-Pistons brawl-related suspensions issued by commissioner David Stern.
Dress-up day is ratings winner The four blokes in flowing dresses at the back of the eighth hole certainly didn #39;t think so. They were among the first arrivals yesterday to catch the action at Huntingdale, adding their own bit of colour 
2006 World Cup: Japan drawn with North Korea in qualifiers KUALA LUMPUR: Japan are faced with the task of having to travel to North Korea after being handed a tricky draw in the final round of Asian qualifiers for the 2006 World Cup finals here Thursday.
Researcher Warns Male Laptop Users of Infertility Risk (PC World) PC World - Heat generated by notebook use may harm reproductive health, study says.
Atkins Gets Tech-Savvy to Reach More Dieters (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. dieters will soon be able to\count their carbs on mobile phones, the company behind the\Atkins Diet said on Thursday.
US weapons for Pakistan will hurt peace talks: India NEW DELHI: India on Thursday expressed concern over US arms sales to Pakistan, saying the India-Pakistan composite dialogue process poised at a sensitive juncture would be seriously affected.
IBM Halts Pension Plan for New Hires (Reuters) Reuters - IBM  will offer future\employees a 401(k) pension plan instead of a fixed pension, the\company said on Thursday, backing away from a controversial\policy that reduced retirement payouts and stirred employee\ire.
President Prays at Menorah Lighting (AP) AP - At a menorah-lighting ceremony Thursday on the third night of Hanukkah, President Bush prayed for the safety and quick return of U.S. soldiers serving in Iraq.
Space Telescopes Spy Dusty Debris of Planets (Reuters) Reuters - Planet-building is dusty work, and\now two space telescopes have captured images of cosmic\construction materials: disks of dust circling stars about the\same size as our sun.
Mysterious Tremors May Portend California Quakes (Reuters) Reuters - Low-pitched rumbles from deep under\California's San Andreas fault may offer a way to predict\future earthquakes, U.S. geologists said on Thursday.
EU Agrees Deal on Punishing Ship Pollution (Reuters) Reuters - EU member states backed tough measures\against ships polluting European waters on Thursday to try to\head off any repetition of a disaster in 2002 that caused one\of Europe's worst oil slicks.
NY Bird Lovers Want Pale Male's Nest Restored (Reuters) Reuters - The abrupt removal of the nest\belonging to Pale Male, a famous red-tailed hawk who lived on a\tony Manhattan apartment building, had bird lovers up in arms\on Thursday and demanding his home be restored.
OPEC Thwarts Climate Aid for Poor Nations - WWF (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC nations and Saudi\Arabia in particular are standing in the way of getting\financial help to developing countries to cope with global\warming, the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) said on Thursday.
Food Running Low Aboard Space Station (AP) AP - Food is running so low aboard the international space station that the two crewmen have been instructed to cut back on calories, at least until a Russian supply ship arrives in a little over two weeks, NASA said Thursday.
Moral clarity blurs in Darfur crisis Talks between Sudan's government and two rebel groups to resolve the nearly two-year battle resume Friday.
Japan beefs up its defense stance With an eye to North Korea and China, Prime Minister Koizumi's Cabinet is set to pass new guidelines.
Ukraine's presidential campaign, Part II: a cleaner run? A flood of foreign observers is expected for the Dec. 26 rerun of the presidential vote.
Why does Asia get all the cool stuff first? Also: Congress OKs private spaceflight bill. News.com Extra
Offshoring gains momentum Down Under New report on offshoring points to greater acceptance among Australians.
Game for a new tune? It's not hip-hop. It's blip-pop. That's what the Gameboyzz Orchestra Project calls the sounds it squeezes out of a half dozen Game Boy consoles. Missing Links
Visiting Indian delegation gets earful Visiting Indian delegation gets earful from U.S. workers dislocated by outsourcing.
McNealy innovates in trade-show theatrics Scott McNealy for years has relied on Top 10 lists for comic relief during his tech show keynote speeches, but at the Oracle OpenWorld conference in San Francisco Wednesday, he tried a new stunt. Missing Links
HDS slides into midrange storage market Hitachi has released its first all Serial ATA array and has bundled it with switches and network interface cards to create a preconfigured low-to-midrange SAN that competes with products from EMC and IBM.
Novell to support Netline's Open-Xchange Server Novell Inc. will no longer sell its branded version of SUSE Linux Open-Xchange Server next year and will instead provide its global maintenance and support services to users of Netline Internet Services' flagship Open-Xchange Server.
Tech groups praise parts of intelligence bill Technology trade groups cheered parts of a comprehensive intelligence reform bill passed by Congress yesterday, but said the government's chief cybersecurity official should have a more prominent position.
Digital PhishNet launched to combat phishing scams Several major industry players and law enforcement agencies are collaborating in a new effort to respond to the rapidly growing phishing problem.
Researchers warn laptop users of infertility risk A combination of the heat generated by a laptop and the position of the thighs needed to balance it leads to higher temperatures that can be dangerous to a man's reproductive health.
Oracle boosts content management in the enterprise Oracle yesterday launched its Files 10g content management software, which is part of the Oracle Collaboration Suite product line.
Q A Part 1: Cisco's John Chambers at company's 20-year mark Tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the founding of Cisco Systems, and the company's CEO, John Chambers, took the time this week to talk about where his company has been, mistakes it has made and where it's going now.
Mobile phone users double since 2000 Mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, according to the International Telecommunication Union.
French government to cut stake in Air France-KLM The French government entrusted Thursday two banks, Dutch bank ABN Amro and Societe Generale of France, to place shares on the market for best offers to cut state stake in 
IBM Halts Pension Plan for New Hires IBM (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will offer future employees a 401(k) pension plan instead of a fixed pension, the company said on Thursday, backing away from 
Harley Boss To Retire According to CBS Marketwatch, Harley-Davidson Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Bleustein said today that he will hand over chief-executive duties to CFO James Ziemer on April 30, 2005.
Vulnerability allows scammers to hijack pop-ups Security researchers warned today of a vulnerability in most Web browsers that could allow scammers to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted Web sites.
IBM looks to keep customers after PC division sale After agreeing to sell its PC division to China's Lenovo Group, IBM now faces the task of keeping its corporate and government customers from abandoning its standard-setting brand.
More DS Units for Japan Nintendo will ship 400,000 More DS units for Japan, bringing the total to an impressive 2.8 million by the year #39;s end. Also included is a potentially disturbing but familiar quote from Iwata!
Lycos pulls anti-spam screensaver after virus scare Lycos Europe has axed the distribution of a controversial screensaver designed to target websites that profit from spam, claiming that the company has made its point.
EU wants to make Internet safe for children The European Union has launched a 45 million euro (\$60 million) plan to protect children from pornography and racist sites when they surf the Internet.
Gerrard strikes mighty blow Steven Gerrard #39;s glorious strike against Olympiakos on Wednesday night was so good that Sven-Goran Eriksson watched countless reruns of it in his Soho Square office yesterday.
Cheetham shadows Els Bruce McDonald, a little-known Zimbabwean, took the first-round lead on 66 in the European Tour #39;s Dunhill Championship at Leopard Creek Country Club.
Don #39;t count out Tiger just yet And now for a shipment direct from the Department of Inevitable Results: Tiger Woods, the reinvention. Oh, not the marriage, which some would take to redefine Woods as a man on the grow for 
Wasghington to be criticized at UN climate change summit in Buenos &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Over 1500 experts and politicians from 189 countries discuss global warming scenario after Russia ratified the Kyoto Protocol. Bush is the main target of delegates for his anti-ecological policy.
Microsoft readies Windows Server 2003 R2 beta SAN FRANCISCO - Microsoft Corp. has started recruiting testers for the first beta of Windows Server 2003 R2, an update to Windows Server that the vendor plans to ship in October next year.
China's Huawei deploys its first U.S. mobile network Chinese network equipment manufacturer Huawei Technologies is beginning to make inroads into the U.S. mobile telecommunications market about three years after establishing a subsidiary here.
Sprint: No comment on reported Nextel merger talks WASHINGTON - Rumored merger talks between Sprint and Nextel Communications Thursday were met with a "no comment" from Sprint.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Microsoft to court: Eolas didn't invent patented tech WASHINGTON - An appeals court should throw out a half-billion-dollar patent infringement judgment against Microsoft Corp. because a lower court failed to recognize that the Web browsing patent was based on a technology that was not invented by the company awarded the money, a Microsoft lawyer argued Thursday.
Fraud, Feds top concerns as CSOs meet in New York NEW YORK - The explosive growth in online fraud and the impact of tough new federal regulations were on the minds of information security executives who gathered in New York Tuesday for the second annual CSO Interchange, a gathering of chief security officers (CSOs).
Researcher Warns Male Laptop Users of Infertility Risk Heat generated by notebook use may harm reproductive health, study says.
Search Engine Inclusion Techniques on Google Search Engine Inclusion Techniques on Google   \\Over the years of its existence Google gained a well-deserved reputation as the top choice for internet users. Providing a comprehensive coverage of the web and returning searched queries with great relevancy in less than a second, Google certainly is the internet rsquo;s ...
Google Making Nearly \$.10 on Every Search Query Google Making Nearly \$.10 on Every Search Query\\John Battelle's Search Blog picked this up the other day from a blogger who dissected Google's public revenue records to come to the conclusion that Google earns about \$.09 per every search query - a hefty return. With the average cost per click ...
How Web Design Can Affect Search Engine Rankings How Web Design Can Affect Search Engine Rankings\\Uniquely built web sites can create unique issues when being promoted on the search engines. From a basic 3 page brochure site to a corporate site with hundreds of dynamically generated pages, every web site needs to have certain design aspects in order ...
First US commercial flight to Vietnam since fall of Saigon takes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (AFP) - A United Airlines jumbo jet took off from San Francisco at the start of the historic first US commercial flight to Vietnam since the fall of Saigon nearly 30 years ago.
Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain US jobless claims rose unexpectedly last week in more worrying news for the labor market, government data showed on Thursday, while other indicators offered more positive signals for the economy.
Oracle #39;s Ellison taunts 49ers owners Oracle Corp. Chief Executive Larry Ellison aimed his famously barbed tongue outside the technology industry Wednesday, taunting the owners of the San Francisco 49ers for refusing to sell the  quot;worst team in football.
Wireless Internet Siemens Sets Wireless Data Speed Record In order to achieve the speed of one gigabit per second, Siemens combined an  quot;intelligent antenna system quot; consisting of three transmitting and four receiving antennas with Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing.
EU Wants to Make Internet Safe for Children The European Union has launched a 45 million euro (\$60 million) plan to protect children from pornography and racist sites when they surf the Internet.
Charges Have Been Filed In NBA Brawl It #39;s official, the notorious brawl last month between the Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and some fans has resulted in criminal charges.
Buckeyes screwed over by postseason ban Members of the new Ohio State basketball staff have worked on fixing their current team for nearly six months. From the outside, it hasn #39;t seemed that long, but it probably felt like a year or more to the 
Asian Stocks Fall in US, Led by Technology Shares; HDFC Drops Asian stocks fell in US trading after Xilinx Inc. and Altera Corp., the largest makers of programmable computer chips, cut their sales forecasts.
US airline launches first commerical flight to Vietnam since war America #39;s United Airlines has launched the first daily flight service to Vietnam from the United States since 1975. The flight represents the first such service by an American air carrier since the end of 
Eagles' Westbrook Turning Into Elite Back (AP) AP - No matter how Brian Westbrook gets the ball, he's a threat to score every time he touches it.
Space Diet: Space Station Crew Ordered To Cut Calories CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- The crew of the international space station has been ordered to cut calories because the food supply is running low.
Denver's Rodney White Suspended by NBA (AP) AP - Denver Nuggets forward Rodney White was suspended without pay for one game by the NBA on Thursday for pleading guilty to unlawful possession of a weapon.
Wizards go up for sale Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Lamar Hunt appears ready to get out of Major League Soccer and sever ties with the Kansas City Wizards.
Moral clarity blurs in Darfur crisis Talks between Sudan #39;s government and two rebel groups to resolve the nearly two-year battle resume Friday. By Abraham McLaughlin  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Same-sex couples across Canada rejoice at Supreme Court ruling (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Rev. Barbara McDowall and her wife, Gail Donnelly, say all they ever wanted was the right to walk down the aisle just like any other couple in love.
Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. jobless claims rose  unexpectedly last week in more worrying news for the labor  market, government data showed on Thursday, while other  indicators offered more positive signals for the economy.
US Air Needs Cuts to Entice Investors  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. probably  will need more cost cuts or a boost in revenue to attract the  \$250 million in equity it says it needs to leave bankruptcy  next year, the company said on Thursday.
Stocks Up Amid Talk of Sprint/Nextel Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on Thursday as investors  bet on a year-end rally, while talk of a possible merger by  telecommunications companies Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nextel  Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt; fueled buying.
Vanguard Closes \$5.3 Billion Energy Fund  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Vanguard Group said on Thursday it  has implemented a temporary "cooling-off" closure period for  its \$5.3 billion Energy Fund, effective immediately.
IBM Halts Pension Plan for New Hires  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; will offer future  employees a 401(k) pension plan instead of a fixed pension, the  company said on Thursday, backing away from a controversial  policy that reduced retirement payouts and stirred employee  ire.
US Air Needs Cuts to Entice Investors (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc. probably\will need more cost cuts or a boost in revenue to attract the\ #36;250 million in equity it says it needs to leave bankruptcy\next year, the company said on Thursday.
When Picky Analysts Pick (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Back and forth. Back. And forth. No, this isn't baseline tennis. It's the Dow Jones industrial average, which has generally been stuck in a trading range--9000 to 10,500--for the past five years. "While the Fed is as accommodative as it's been since the late 1970s," says Brian Wesbury, chief economist at Griffin, Kubik, Stephens  amp; Thompson, "potential inflation could really knock earnings growth down to single digits." The market might get stuck in a trading range for a few years more.
DreamWorks Animation turns around in 3rd quarter LOS ANGELES: Animated film studio DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc reported on Wednesday a profit from a year-earlier loss in its first earnings period since the company went public in October.
STOCKS  amp; BONDS Rising Dollar Helps Shares Gain Despite Higher Oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By The Associated Press. Investors resumed their December rally yesterday, looking past higher oil prices and focusing instead on building up their portfolios before the end of the year.
US Stocks, Dollar, Oil Rise, Bonds Slip US stocks rose on investors #39; hopes for a year-end rally, while the dollar eked out gains and oil advanced again on Thursday as OPEC ministers supported supply cuts by applying official output quotas.
AmWest passes up bid to buy bankrupt ATA assets PHOENIX America West Airlines has backed away from a potential bidding war for bankrupt ATA Airlines, paving the way for AirTran to take over ATA operations.
Oracle CEO: Data Hubs Would Have Prevented 9/11 (12/09/04)Oracle CEO Larry Ellison feels strongly about unified data hubs. In fact, he thinks the biggest terrorist attack in the United States could have been prevented if intelligence officials 
Canada needs more efficient financial system: Bank of Canada &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - There is a perception in international financial circles that Canadian markets are the  quot;Wild West quot; and it hurts Canadian companies when they try to raise money abroad, Bank of Canada governor David Dodge said Thursday.
EU competition chief charges into the fray BRUSSELS Neelie Kroes came out swinging Thursday in her first public appearance as Europe #39;s new competition commissioner, blocking a merger in the energy industry and slapping fines on three chemical companies for running a cartel.
 #39;Best #39; ratings a response to rising costs, safety concerns SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The magazine known for evaluating cars and electronics is setting its sights on finding the best value and quality of prescription drugs on the market.
US Air Needs Cuts to Entice Investors US Airways Group Inc. probably will need more cost cuts or a boost in revenue to attract the \$250 million in equity it says it needs to leave bankruptcy next year, the company said on Thursday.
PalmSource To Release Linux Version Of Palm OS After completing their purchase of mobile phone company China MobileSoft, PalmSource indicated a Linux version of their software would soon be available.
Worldwide Technology Nintendo Triples Shipment Forecast Previous forecasts projected that shipments of Nintendo #39;s new DS handheld would reach 1 million by year end. However, during Thanksgiving week, the company sold half a million of the devices 
Universal browser hole a gift for scammers Security have warned about a new Web browser security hole which could allow scammers to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted websites.
Major Vendors Explore Grid Frontiers While grid computing vendors Sun and IBM are taking the reins of the utility computing market, the competition is collaborating to provide proof-of-concept projects to improve and showcase their services and offerings.
Hughes moves into lead after completing first round Two-time champion Bradley Hughes of Australia shot an 8-under 64 to take a two-stroke lead at the Australian Masters on Friday, one day after the opening round was suspended by rain.
Carter out at least two games with Achilles #39; injury) TORONTO Toronto Raptors guard Vince Carter will miss at least two games because of a strained left Achilles #39; tendon. Carter was injured in the second half in last night #39;s 90-to-86 overtime loss at Detroit.
Govt okays Chittagong matches The government has advised the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) to go ahead with the matches in Chittagong on the basis of its security teams report, Ministry of External Affairs spokesman Navtej Sarna announced today.
UPDATE 1-Van der Vaart stripped of Ajax captaincy Dutch international Rafael van der Vaart was stripped of the Ajax Amsterdam captaincy on Thursday after he refused to play out of position in the Champions League game against Bayern Munich.
Wizards Suspend Kwame Brown Washington, DC -- Former No. 1 overall pick Kwame Brown has been suspended by the Washington Wizards for conduct detrimental to the team.
White House expresses confidence in embattled Annan UNITED NATIONS, New York: The Bush administration on Thursday eased the pressure it had been putting on Secretary General Kofi Annan since American calls for his resignation, saying for the first time that it had faith in him and did not want to see him 
Despite 6 refusals, NATO will increase Iraq training staff BRUSSELS The North Atlantic Treaty Organization agreed on Thursday to enlarge from 60 to 300 the number of personnel stationed in Baghdad to train Iraqi soldiers, but not before there was a contentious discussion with the foreign ministers of six 
Indian sensitivities in mind: Rumsfeld NEW DELHI: Manmohan said India would address all issues with Pakistan, provided General Pervez Musharraf stuck to his commitment to stop terrorism against India.
IRA Will Disarm Under One Condition In the final talks of negotiations between the Anglo-Irish drive for a peaceful Northern Ireland the IRA guerrillas said on Thursday that they would never be humiliated by photographing their actual disarmaments.
Explosions Rattle Italian Embassy in Iraq A number of mortar shells have exploded near the Italian embassy in Baghdad, Defence Minister Antonio Martino said.  quot;Several mortar shells fell about 50 metres from the embassy but there were no Italian victims, quot; he said in Rome on Thursday.
PeopleSoft Stock Nears Peak on Reports (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of PeopleSoft Inc.\ traded near a one-year high on Thursday after analysts\raised their earnings outlooks for the business software maker,\which continues to fight a  #36;9.2 billion hostile takeover bid by\Oracle Corp. .
Burress Out for Sunday Showdown with Jets  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - Steelers wide receiver  Plaxico Burress' injured hamstring will keep him out for a  third straight game when Pittsburgh welcomes the New York Jets  to town Sunday.
Democrats Must Do More for Hispanic Votes (AP) AP - The Democratic Party has neglected Hispanic voters for a decade and risks severe election losses unless it changes course, Hispanic lawmakers wrote party leaders Thursday.
Heath Miller Wins Mackey Award as Top Tight End  ORLANDO, Fla. (Sports Network) - Heath Miller of Virginia  was named the winner of the John Mackey Award as the nation's  top tight end.
Shrimp Imports Tightened to Save Turtles (AP) AP - Sea turtles stand to gain protection from accidental killings through a new federal policy announced Thursday to require stricter documentation on imports of shrimp and shrimp products.
A new weapon against 'cell yell' Ever want to growl "shhhhhh!" to someone who's talking way too loudly on a cell phone? Rather than cause a scene, why not express your sentiments in a card? Missing Links
Mexico's Fox on Warpath Against Congress, City  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Vicente Fox, often criticized as a  paper cowboy for a tame performance in four years as Mexican  president, is now in a showdown with Congress and Mexico City's  popular mayor and at odds with Washington.
Court Orders Record Payout for Guatemala Massacre  GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - An international court has  ordered Guatemala to pay a record sum of almost \$8 million in  compensation to survivors of a 1982 army-led massacre of  hundreds of civilians in the country's Maya Indian heartland.
Stocks: Shares rise on National Semiconductor profit NEW YORK US stocks were little changed Thursday, recovering earlier losses after an upbeat earnings report from the chip maker National Semiconductor sparked some buying.
America West won #39;t bid for ATA ATA Airlines Inc. #39;s future will fall to one of three bidders Friday while a fourth contender, America West Airlines canceled its buyout interest Thursday.
Sun Capital, TDR Buy HHG Units for 1.03 Bln Pounds (Update3) Sun Capital Partners Inc. and TDR Capital LLP, private equity buyout firms, agreed to pay 1.03 billion pounds (\$1.98 billion) for HHG Plc #39;s UK-based life insurance units, their first investment in the industry.
Premier splashes out 70m on custard bid Bird #39;s Custard and Angel Delight have been sold for 70m to Premier Foods, the group which owns Ambrosia rice pudding and Rowntree #39;s jelly.
Nintendo DS Soars Sales of Nintendos new and controversial, handheld gaming system Nintendo DS are above analysts - and Nintendos -xpectations.
Food supply running low for space station crew CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - Food is running so low aboard the international space station the two crewmen have been instructed to cut back on calories, at least until a Russian supply ship arrives in a little over two weeks, NASA said Thursday.
Space Telescopes Spy Dusty Debris of Planets Planet-building is dusty work, and now two space telescopes have captured images of cosmic construction materials: disks of dust circling stars about the same size as our sun.
Novell tightens Netline partnership Novell has extended a partnership to sell software for e-mail and other server functions from Netline Internet Service, the companies said Thursday.
iPod buzz reaches fever pitch The buzz over Apple Computer #39;s next iPod music player has reached a fevered pitch after one web site posted details and a mock up drawing of the new device, which stores 
EU Telecoms Council Promotes Safer Internet Use Safer Internet Plus, the four-year program proposed by the European Commission in March, will have a budget of \$60 million to combat illegal and harmful Web content.
Chelsea refuse to abandon pursuit of 35m Gerrard STEVEN GERRARD appeared to nail his colours to the Liverpool mast when he inspired his team to reach the knockout phase of the Champions League, but Roman Abramovich is steady in his belief that 
Williams vs Klitschko: When A Comet Crashes Into A Tower 09.12.04 - By Janne Romppainen: Unlike many perhaps expected beforehand, in the year 2004 the heavyweight division has given the fans plenty of interesting fights.
Montgomerie, Woods, Furyk in three-way tie Colin Montgomerie was thrilled to get an invitation from Tiger Woods to play in his year-end tournament with 15 of the best players in golf.
Kent joins Dodgers for two years CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Los Angeles Dodgers landed a dandy Thursday in free-agent infielder Jeff Kent. Kent, 36, agreed to a two-year contract, but financial terms were not disclosed.
English league sets standard for European elite HAVING produced only one European Cup finalist in the last 19 seasons, England can suddenly claim pre-eminence in the games elite club competition with four teams through to the first knock-out round.
NHLPA #39;s proposal a small step in right direction Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - NHL commissioner Gary Bettman acknowledged Thursday that one segment of the latest proposal from the players #39; union was significant, but stressed that much more lies ahead in solving the league #39;s fiscal problems.
NBA skips arbitration hearing on brawl suspensions (AFP) AFP - National Basketball Association players union leaders met with an arbitrator to have suspensions from a brawl between players and fans reduced but league officials did not participate.
Likud Panel Backs Sharon #39;s Plan for Coalition Government Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won an important victory within his party today that greatly improves the likelihood his faltering government will survive and proceed with a plan 
At risk: 1,000,000,000 of the world #39;s children They are a billion strong. Diseased, malnourished, uneducated, they are a people on the run from wars that take the lives of their brothers and sisters.
Palestinian nonviolence may bring more than weapons did This would appear to be an appropriate time to discuss the potential for Palestinian nonviolence and its ramifications for Israel.
Sportsview: Soccer Stars Will Be Missed (AP) AP - Hers was the game that launched a thousand kicks, then tens of thousands, then millions, a rare blend of brains, beauty and hard-nosed grace that redefined what it meant to play like a girl.
Making Over Motorola (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Edward Zander always wanted to be in charge. After 25 years in high technology, including five years as a prominent second banana at Sun Microsystems, Zander got his wish. In January he became chief executive at Motorola, a fallen angel of mobile communications. It used to own the business. It doesn't anymore.
Osmond buys life funds for 1bn Hugh Osmond, the entrepreneur better known for investing in the food and drink sector, on Thursday night sealed the UK #39;s largest closed life assurance deal with the 
Sprint and Nextel merger might work A possible merger of Nextel Communications, the fifth-ranked wireless carrier in the US, and Sprint, the third-largest, may be winning strategy, given the ferocious competition in the telecommunications industry.
US Airways Needs More Savings To Attract Investors US Airways probably will need more cost cuts or a boost in revenue to attract the USD\$250 million in equity it says it needs to leave bankruptcy next year, the company said on Thursday.
Bio of outgoing Harley-Davidson Inc. CEO Education: Bleustein holds a master #39;s degree and doctorate in engineering mechanics from Columbia University and a bachelor #39;s degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University.
How to use multiple iPods with one Apple Mac or Microsoft Windows &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Do you want to use more than one iPod with the same computer? There are a couple of different ways you can do it. Apple has posted an article about how to do so.
Five NBA players among 10 charged with assault AUBURN HILLS (Michigan): Prosecutors issued assault and battery charges here on Wednesday against five National Basketball Association players and five spectators, with jail time possible for their actions in a November brawl.
McDonnell still spoiling for a fight IN CASE anyone had forgotten, Jim McDonnell, Danny Williamss trainer, stood up at the last pre-bout press conference here on Wednesday and repeated his 
Tiger says children in the near future Now that he #39;s married, Tiger Woods says it won #39;t be long before he starts a family.  quot;I don #39;t want to be an old father, quot; Woods said Thursday.
Wizards #39; Kwame Brown suspended for one game The Washington Wizards suspended Kwame Brown for one game Thursday for conduct detrimental to the team. Brown will miss Friday #39;s game against the New York Knicks.
Fergie stands by selection policy Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson insists he has no regrets about fielding a second-string side against Fenerbahce last night. Sanli Tuncays second-half hat-trick consigned the Red Devils to a 3-0 defeat 
Al Qaeda to Attempt Major Marine Attack -Report Al Qaeda will attempt an attack on a key maritime target in the next 12 months with potentially devastating economic consequences, UK security experts said on Friday.
Ukraine government back to work as crisis eases (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's civil servants went back to work for the first time in weeks as the opposition lifted its blockade of government buildings and a political crisis eased following a compromise with the ruling regime.
Shiites List Candidates for Iraq Election (AP) AP - Under the guidance of Iraq's most powerful Shiite cleric, Shiite parties presented a list Thursday of 228 candidates for next month's parliamentary elections. Minority Sunni Arabs, who had been favored under Saddam Hussein, must now decide whether to join the race or renounce a vote that will help determine the country's future.
Bush manipulated NKorea intelligence like he did in Iraq: US expert (AFP) AFP - The United States manipulated intelligence on North Korea's nuclear program in a similar fashion to its use of weapons of mass destruction to justify the war on Iraq, a US foreign policy expert said in an article.
Clarkson's budget, gun registry among items up for vote late Thursday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Parliament was set to vote on pair of thorny government expenses late Thursday: the scandal-plagued gun registry and the Governor General's budget.
Summary Box: No Taxes for Social Security (AP) AP - NO HIKE: President Bush ruled out raising taxes to finance an overhaul of Social Security to help the system survive an impending wave of retiring baby boomers.
That Certain Look: Animal Magnetism The Metropolitan Museum's show is a sumptuous assemblage of animal products used to keep humans warm, make them look good and ratchet up their social status.
Russian stocks lose \$10 billion in value Nearly \$10 billion was wiped off Russian stocks Thursday, the Moscow Times reported. The huge fall was caused by investors #39; fears that a surprise \$158 million tax claim against Russia #39;s No.
Osmond makes 1bn life insurance debut Hugh Osmond, the pubs-to-pizzas entrepreneur, is to make a dramatic move into Britain #39;s life insurance market by leading a 1billion cash acquisition 
America West declines to bid for ATA America West Holdings Corp., of Phoenix, the parent company of America West Airlines, declined to bid for bankrupt ATA #39;s assets Thursday, America West said.
Artest Testifies About Basketball Brawl (AP) AP - Ron Artest took the witness stand and described, in his words, one of the worst brawls in NBA history. Teammates Stephen Jackson, Jermaine O'Neal and Anthony Johnson did the same, and a union attorney and one of O'Neal's bodyguards also testified.
Space Station Crew Has Limited Food Supply Astronaut, Leroy Chiao, and his crewmate have eaten through more food than Mission Control anticipated. (NASA). By GINA TREADGOLD.
Cisco snags routing start-up Cisco systems announced on Thursday that it has finalized a definitive agreement to acquire privately held BCN Systems. Cisco had been an investor in the Santa Clara, Calif.
More top sports news THE first pro opponent of Danny Williams believes the Brixton Bomber will cut 6ft 7in Vitali Klitschko down to size to be WBC heavyweight champion, writes STEVE BRENNER.
Leinart takes Camp honors NEW HAVEN, Conn, Southern Cal quarterback Matt Leinart has been named the Walter Camp player of the year after leading the Trojans to a 12-and-0 record and a berth in the BCS title game.
Corruption Remains Rampant, Says Poll of 64 Countries A majority of people worldwide say corruption among government and business elites is a grave problem, and about 10 percent say that they or a member of their household paid a bribe in the previous year, according to a new global opinion poll.
Challenges for Mr. Karzai A fghanistan #39;s three-year drive for stability reached a milestone when Mr. Hamid Karzai was sworn in Tuesday as its first popularly elected president.
Telekom Malaysia To Buy 27.3 Of Indonesia Excelcomindo KUALA LUMPUR (Dow Jones)--Telekom Malaysia Bhd. (4863.KU) late Thursday said it will buy a 27.3 stake in Indonesia #39;s PT Excelcomindo Pratama for \$314 million in cash.
United launches US-Vietnam service United Airlines began service between San Francisco and Vietnam Thursday, the first such regular flight to the Asian country in 30 years.
IBM shuts new workers out of pension plan International Business Machines Corp. has shut its cash-balance pension plan to new employees, CBSMarketwatch.com reports. Instead, new employees can contribute 6 percent of their 
Linux-based Palm OS on chart The open-source software Linux is making a bigger dent in China #39;s ever-galloping mobile phone market. US-based PalmSource, provider of Palm OS, a popular operating system powering 
Apple to use Toshiba chip next year Toshiba Corp, Japan #39;s second largest chipmaker, has agreed to start selling a type of semiconductor known as flash memory to Apple Computer Inc, maker of the best-selling iPod digital music player.
Nintendo Unthreatened by PSP December 09, 2004 - In a recent statement given at the Tokyo headquarters of the Foreign Correspondents Club, Nintendo Co Ltd president Satoru Iwata said Nintendo will not lose the imminent handheld war against Sony.
Analysis: Psst! Intifada #39;s over It was a telling sign when senior commanders in the Central Command recently started counting the number of Palestinian stone-throwing incidents in the West Bank.
Defence pleads for conditional sentence for Alberta cop who shot prisoner (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LETHBRIDGE, Alta. (CP) - Sending an RCMP officer to jail for shooting a drunken prisoner who grabbed his gun would amount to cruel and unusual punishment, Mike Ferguson's lawyer argued Thursday.
Similarities Abound in Orange Bowl Teams (AP) AP - It was difficult for Southern California's Pete Carroll and Oklahoma's Bob Stoops to keep from repeating each other when the two coaches met Thursday.
Fans Do Care About Players Who Cheat For people so sure that most fans don't care what Barry Bonds has fed his body, I would ask, why has baseball suddenly rethought its marketing position on his home-run record chase?
Giants' Manning Needs Time to Mature, Like the Others As a rookie, Eli Manning needs the time to swat away the cobwebs of confusion, the time that almost every young quarterback has needed for one reason or another.
US marine charged with desertion A US marine who turned up in Lebanon after disappearing from Iraq is charged with desertion.
Colonel charged over Jara killing A retired Chilean army colonel is accused of orchestrating the execution of Victor Jara, a singer killed in 1973.
Nextel Talk Catches Fire Nextel (NXTL:Nasdaq - news - research) and Sprint (FON:NYSE - news - research) shares surged to multiyear highs, fueled by reports that the telcos are in merger talks.
Bankrupt US Airways hopes for profitability by 2007 ALEXANDRIA, VA. The former chief financial officer for US Airways is offering a bleak outlook for the carrier. Dave Davis told a bankruptcy court in Virginia the airline doesn #39;t expect to turn a profit until 2007.
Disney Backs Blu-Ray This week, the Walt Disney Company and its Buena Vista division said they would release content on the Blu-Ray next-generation DVD standard, meaning that battlelines have been drawn in publishing content.
NHL players offer 24 percent salary rollback in new proposal The NHL players #39; association offered an immediate 24 percent rollback of salaries Thursday as the centerpiece of a new proposal handed to the league in an effort to end the season-long lockout.
Canada's disaster response team little used, criticized as 'paper tiger.' (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - DART: the name conjures up images of a fast-response, highly mobile team that can fly into a disaster zone, turn on a dime and deal with whatever catastrophe looms.
Sudanese govt hopeful of deal in Darfur crisis Sudan #39;s government has said it hopes to reach a deal in talks resuming tomorrow with rebels in Darfur, which the UN says is descending into chaos.
BALCO Scandal Inspired Worldwide Changes  RALEIGH, North Carolina (Reuters) - Don Catlin, head of the  Los Angeles laboratory which identified a test for the designer  steroid THG, believes the BALCO scandal has ultimately helped  the war on drugs in sport.
Strong U.S. Economy Attracts Dollar Buyers (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - After fretting for months about the bulging U.S. deficit, in recent days currency traders have turned their attention to the health of the world's other economies.
Dollar Inches Up, Market Eyes Fed, Tankan (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar edged up on Friday as\investors took advantage of the currency's recent weakness to\take profits, and as the market took on more neutral positions\in the final stretch before the year-end.
GM Europe cuts 12,000 jobs The General Motors #39; European unit accepted a deal Thursday to cut as many as 12,000 jobs to end four years of revenue losses, the BBC reported.
Direct US flight to Vietnam departs With fanfare and an appearance by actor David Hasselhoff, a United Airlines flight headed for Ho Chi Minh City on Thursday - the first direct flight from the United States to Vietnam in almost three decades.
Comparison-Shop For Prescription Drugs We look for the best bargain when we shop for a car or a new coat. But what if you could comparison-shop your prescription medication?
Disney backs Sony #39;s Blu-ray DVD format It is being billed as the DVD equivalent of the Betamax versus VHS video format battle of the early 1980s. Disney announced yesterday it has signed up to Sony #39;s Blu-ray technology for the 
Golf: Tiger and Colin share lead at World Challenge THOUSAND OAKS, California : Host Tiger Woods fired a four-under par 67 here Thursday to match fellow American Jim Furyk and Scotland #39;s Colin Montgomerie for the lead after the first round of the World Challenge.
India to play in Chittagong The Board of Control for Cricket in India has confirmed that the Indian cricket team will play in Chittagong after the venue was given the green light by the security delegation sent to Bangladesh.
Hunt decides to sell Wizards Lamar Hunt announced on Thursday that he will sell the Kansas City Wizards, opening up the possibility that the club will leave the area for any number of opportunities throughout the United States or even Canada.
Dollar Gains, Oil Prices Slide (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar staged a broad-based rally\Monday and oil prices slid, boosting shares in some Asian power\and exporter companies, but many investors struggled for\direction on the first trading day of 2005.
Finley Returns From Injury List to Mavs (AP) AP - Mavericks swingman Michael Finley came off the injured list Thursday in time to start against the Seattle SuperSonics, giving Dallas another scorer besides Dirk Nowitzki.
Chattanooga Reporter Claims a Role in Rumsfeld Showdown (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK One day after U.S. soldiers directly questioning Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld about the lack of armored vehicles in Iraq made national news, an email from a Chattanooga (Tenn.) Times embedded reporter ignited more interest after it was posted on two influential Web sites.
NASA Telescopes Find Dust Rings Around (AP) AP - For the first time, scientists have found rings of dust around planet-bearing stars  #151; an important confirmation of theories about how planets form, NASA announced Thursday.
Dear CVS: I'm leaving \\When we first met it was love at first sight!  I loved that you were so open\minded about my geeky friends who had patches that I needed.  You were a breath\of fresh air and and made my development life so simple.\\For the longest time we had a great love affair.  I remember my first anoncvs\patch I generated with your help and I was hooked.  I remember the first time\you sent me a diff against my own repository from another developer.  What a\sweet gesture!  You were so kind.\\Since then though you've started to let me down.  What happened to you?  In your\old age you've become confused when I've tried to share you with others.  You\often can't make up your mind when I try to branch and mer ...\\
Dean on Blogs, Politics and the Internet \\My boy Howard Dean talks  about the next generation of politics:\\"The destination of the Democratic Party means making it a party that can\communicate with its supporters and with all Americans. Politics is at its\best when we create and inspire a sense of community. The tools that were\pioneered in my campaign -- like blogs, and meetups, and streaming video --\are just a start. We must use all of the power and potential of technology as\part of an aggressive outreach to meet and include voters, to work with the\state parties, and to influence media coverage."\\The Internet will fundamentally change every aspect of society.  It started in\how we developed software.  Open Source is starting  ...\\
Radioactive waste progress urged Peers express dismay that long-term solutions are not forthcoming on disposing of radioactive waste.
Maoist rebels bomb Kathmandu building, no injuries (Reuters) Reuters - Maoists rebels set off a powerful bomb in the Nepali capital on Thursday, causing no casualties but leaving a large part of a government building in ruins, police said.
As Prices Drop, OPEC Warms to Output Cuts OPEC ministers said Thursday that they were considering curbing output and taking some oil off the market to prevent a price slump.
AMD cuts power on 90nm Opteron processors Advanced Micro Devices managed to reduce the maximum thermal output of its newly released 90 nanometer Opteron server processors by 25 percent compared to the previous generation, the company said Wednesday.
Microsoft to Judges: Eolas Didn't Invent Patented Tech Software company asks appeals court to cancel patent infringement judgment.
Lesser lights on leaderboard with Els In few other sports could three players across such a broad spectrum be in contention for a title. But such is the case after the first round of the Dunhill Championship, where only six of the world #39;s top 200 golfers are playing.
Pittsburg #39;s offense hogs the ball When Pittsburg State (Kan.) football coach Chuck Broyles surveyed his roster last August, he was confident he had an offense that could score.
Turnaround Progress Seen, 2 Executives to Leave Ford Two of the Ford Motor Company #39;s most senior executives retired on Thursday in a sign that the company #39;s deep financial crisis has abated, though serious challenges remain.
First direct flight from US to Vietnam since 1975 is on its way _ For the first time since 1975, a US passenger jet is flying from the US directly to Vietnam. The United Air Lines flight with 347 aboard took off from San Francisco today and is scheduled 
PM Howard says Australia faces tough economic year in 2005 SYDNEY : Prime Minister John Howard warned that Australia #39;s strong dollar, high world oil prices and the lingering effects of prolonged drought would dampen the country #39;s long-buoyant economy in 2005.
Nintendo Ups DS Shipments Nintendo has revealed the companies plans to increase by 40 the number of Nintendo DS portable gaming systems shipping in the US before the end of the year.
Oracle and HP expand offerings to value-added resellers Through partnerships with leading technology vendors intended to leverage the capabilities of Oracle Files 10g, Oracle has announced evidence of strong support for its content management offering.
Novell exchanges Linux collaboration products Novell Inc is set to discontinue its SUSE Linux Openexchange Server collaboration software product in favor of the Open-Xchange Server technology that underpins it from Netline Internet Service GmbH.
Appeals court ponders Microsoft patent case WASHINGTON--A federal appeals court on Thursday wrestled with whether to overturn or uphold a lower court #39;s \$565 million judgment against Microsoft in the biggest patent dispute in Web history.
Turnaround Progress Seen, 2 Executives to Leave Ford Two of the Ford Motor Company's most senior executives retired in a sign that the company's deep financial crisis has abated, though serious challenges remain.
YORIO: NHL season is in Bettman #39;s hands Gary Bettman, the NHL season is now in your hands. And because you have said repeatedly that saving this season isn #39;ta concern of yours, that can #39;t be good news for fans.
Cavs owner in  #39;serious #39; negotiations to sell team Cavaliers owner Gordon Gund is in  quot;serious quot; negotiations to sell the NBA franchise, which has enjoyed a dramatic financial turnaround since the arrival of star LeBron James.
Kent agrees to \$17 million, two-year contract with Dodgers ANAHEIM - The Los Angeles Dodgers got the established run producer they coveted for the middle of their lineup, and Jeff Kent got the team he wanted to play for since he was a boy.
Padres add Eric Young SAN DIEGO (Ticker) - The San Diego Padres lacked speed and an experienced bench last season, things veteran infielder Eric Young is capable of providing.
South American leaders sign Ayacucho Declaration One day after creating the South American Community of Nations (CSN), a continent wide political-economic bloc, the leaders of South America on Thursday signed the Ayacucho Declaration 
The saving of Silverstone Perhaps it #39;s fitting that the future of the British Grand Prix has been secured after an argument straight from the playground.
Fichardt looks strong in weak field Ernie Els is a red-hot favourite to win the Dunhill Championship, which begins at Leopard Creek in South Africa early tomorrow. The Big Easy is as short as 11-10 with the fixed-odds firms to brush aside a 
Griffin could get company as only Heisman repeat winner Two Heismans, one man. Maybe he #39;s been alone long enough, in the club that claims only him as a member. Time for Archie Griffin to get company?
36pc babies born underweight About 50 percent of the children in Bangladesh are malnourished while 36 percent of the babies are born underweight. The country has around six million working children and about 2.5 lakh children die every 
Blair lobbies Bush on global warming Tony Blair has been lobbying for George Bush #39;s support for a new international treaty on global warming. On Thursday The Times claimed that Downing Street had confirmed the prime minister had held  quot;lengthy 
Ford says two top executives retiring; Padilla named president DETROIT - Ford Motor Co. on Thursday announced the retirements of president Nick Scheele and vice chairman Allan Gilmour, two company veterans tapped by chairman Bill Ford to help the company emerge from a sea of red ink during the past three years.
US airline starts Vietnam flights The first commercial flight from the United States to Vietnam since the war nearly 30 years ago has taken off from San Francisco. The new service to Ho Chi Minh City, run by United Airlines, will fly daily.
Nextel and Sprint talk about \$70bn merger plan Sprint and Nextel, two of the top five US mobile phone carriers, are negotiating a merger, say people close to the proposed deal. The combined company would be worth about \$70bn.
Climate control delegates talk global warming BUENOS AIRES, Argentina - Delegates to a United Nations climate conference discussed new ways to combat greenhouse emissions after the current agreement expires as nearly 200 countries continued meetings Thursday on the effort to limit a gradual rise of 
Italy readies for Berlusconi trial The prosecution and defense in Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s four-year-long bribery trial have one last chance Thursday to make their case before a panel of three judges begins deliberations.
Some Venezuelan TV Channels Alter Programs (AP) AP - Some Venezuelan television channels began altering their programs Thursday, citing fears of penalties under a new law restricting violence and sexual content over the airwaves.
Japan approves overhaul of military policy (AFP) AFP - Japan has approved an overhaul of its military policy to take account of threats from China and North Korea and to allow defense exports to the United States.
Bush Taps Nicholson for Veterans Affairs (AP) AP - President Bush announced Thursday he was keeping the heads of the Transportation, Interior, Housing and Labor departments, ending the major shake-up that will put new faces on three-fifths of his Cabinet in his second term.
J J, Guidant Talks Undeterred by Overlap  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson aims to seal a  purchase of Guidant Corp. without immediately jettisoning the  medical device maker's stent operations, sources familiar with  the situation said on Thursday.
Dollar Inches Up, Market Eyes Fed, Tankan  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Friday as  investors took advantage of the currency's recent weakness to  take profits, and as the market took on more neutral positions  in the final stretch before the year-end.
Khartoum, Darfur Rebels Split on Peace Chances (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government said on Thursday it\hoped to reach a deal in talks resuming on Friday with rebels\in Darfur, which the United Nations says is descending into\chaos.
US airline starts Vietnam flights The US resumes commercial flights to Vietnam, 30 years after the last flight at the end of the war.
Nextel Said to Be in Talks With Sprint Nextel Communications is in advanced talks to merge with the Sprint Corporation, a deal that would form the third largest cellphone company in the nation.
To Pay Debt, Transit Agency Goes to Market The M.T.A., in an effort to raise more than \$1 billion, wants to sell or lease many of its 14,000 properties.
Space Station Astronauts Told to Eat Less as Food Runs Low The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station have been asked to curb their calories because of a food shortage, NASA officials said Thursday.
French government cuts stake in Air France-KLM Herv Gaymard, France #39;s new finance minister, yesterday made his first move towards reducing the state #39;s hefty budget deficit by selling almost half of the government #39;s holding in Air France-KLM for a total of 682m (\$906m).
Investors flock to HK Reit Hong Kong retail investors have flocked to the US\$3bn listing of shops and car parks by the local Housing Authority with nearly one in ten of the territory #39;s 
Premier pays 70m for Bird #39;s Custard Premier Foods, the manufacturer of foods with long shelf lives, is to acquire Bird #39;s, the best-selling custard brand that has drenched countless dishes of jam sponge and spotted dick during its 167-year history.
 #39;French CNN #39; to challenge US view of world affairs France is to launch a French-language news channel next year in a long-awaited attempt to challenge the dominance of the American view of world current affairs, the prime minister, Jean-Pierre Raffarin, said yesterday.
AWB sells stake in Futuris The country #39;s grain exporter has been busy again, selling its stake of almost 15 per cent in Elders #39; parent company, Futuris.
EU moves to bar  #39;protective #39; mergers Neelie Kroes, the EU #39;s controversial new competition commissioner, yesterday signalled to the French authorities that she would block any attempt to protect France #39;s energy market by engineering a merger between its state-owned electricity and gas groups.
Dollar Gains, Oil Prices Slide  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The dollar staged a broad-based rally  Monday and oil prices slid, boosting shares in some Asian power  and exporter companies, but many investors struggled for  direction on the first trading day of 2005.
No. 1 Illini Wear Down Georgetown 74-59 (AP) AP - In the first half, Illinois trailed for 11 minutes, 20 seconds, longer than it had in its first seven games combined. In the second half, the Fighting Illini were in control buzzer-to-buzzer in a solid defense of their No. 1 ranking.
No. 21 Purdue Defeats No. 15 DePaul 69-61 (AP) AP - Katie Gearlds scored 21 points for No. 21 Purdue, which handed 15th-ranked DePaul its first loss of the season, 69-61 Thursday night.
Statement of Senator Barbara A. Mikulski on Hubble Report Issued &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;I commend the National Academy of Sciences on this outstanding report. I fought to add \$300 million to NASA #39;s budget for a Hubble servicing mission and I will continue to advocate for a mission to take place.
OU #39;s White takes Maxwell, Davey O #39;Brien awards Oklahoma quarterback Jason White was a two-time award winner Thursday night, taking the Maxwell Award as college football #39;s best all-around player and adding his second straight Davey O #39;Brien quarterback trophy.
Sharon warns Likud to vote for coalition Ariel Sharon, Israeliprime minister, yesterday warned his rightwing Likud party that it would face early elections unless it backed a coalition with the opposition Labour party 
The greatest catastrophe The HIV/Aids pandemic is the worst catastrophe in history and is blighting childhood across the developing world, especially sub-Saharan Africa, the United Nations said yesterday.
Road sparks alarm for Brazil rainforest Brazil and Peru have announced a 363m plan for a highway to link Brazil #39;s Amazon basin to the Pacific, raising concerns about further devastation in the rainforest.
Berra Speaks Against Giambi's Return Manager Joe Torre repeatedly declined comment Thursday on whether he thinks first baseman Jason Giambi will return to the Yankees, but the Hall of Famer Yogi Berra did not.
Injuries Are Plentiful, but Nothing to Be Alarmed About The operative word in the National Football League this season is ouch.
Hoyas Sparkle, Fade Georgetown led for most of the first half Thursday night, before succumbing to top-ranked Illinois, 74-59, at MCI Center.
Arbitrator Hears Pacers The NBA declines to participate as Indiana teammates testify before an arbitrator in an attempt to get their brawl-related suspensions reduced.
Carter is Grounded Toronto star Vince Carter will miss at least two games with a strained left Achilles' tendon, suffered Wednesday in a loss to Detroit.
Season Over for Priest Kansas City's star running back Priest Holmes, who was leading the NFL in scoring and rushing when he got hurt Nov. 7, will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Ohio State Banned Ohio State has imposed a one-year postseason ban on its men's basketball team after the university admits former coach Jim O'Brien gave a recruit \$6,000.
Euro Takes Hit on Broad Dollar Rally  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The euro bore the brunt of a  broad-based dollar rally on Monday, the first trading session  of 2005, shedding nearly 1 percent on technical factors and the  adjustment of positions in thin trade.
The case against cutting oil output As ministers from the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries meet in Cairo, there are calls for cuts in output to prevent the slide in oil prices accelerating with the seasonal decline in demand in the spring.
Ford announces top management changes Ford announced several high-level management changes yesterday, including the retirement of two stalwarts, its president Sir Nick Scheele and vice-chairman Allan Gilmour, who played 
WMC to return A\$1bn of capital WMC Resources, the Australian mining group fighting a hostile A\$7.4bn takeover bid from Xstrata, is to return up to A\$1bn (US\$1.3bn) to shareholders after yesterday upgrading its profit forecast for 2004.
Nextel Said to Be in Talks With Sprint The cellular telephone industry #39;s game of musical chairs has restarted again - and the music may soon stop with one less chair.
Pizza and pub tycoon to buy Pearl Hugh Osmond, the business man who made his fortune through pizzas and pubs, is at the head of a consortium spending over 1bn to buy the Pearl life insurance business.
US Could Seek Recall of Up to 600,000 Dodge Trucks The US government has asked DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Dodge to recall some of its Dodge Durango SUVs and Dodge Dakota pickup trucks due to concerns over their safety, Chrysler officials said on Thursday.
Hyatt to buy AmeriSuites Hyatt Corporation, the hotel operator owned by the Pritzker family, yesterday said it would buy the AmeriSuites chain from Blackstone, the private equity group, in a deal believed to be worth about \$600m.
Unheralded McDonald one up on favorite Els in the Alfred Dunhill MALELANE, South Africa (Sports Network) -- Unheralded Bruce McDonald, a 23-year-old from Zimbabwe, posted a 6-under-par 66 on Thursday to take a one-shot lead over tournament favorite Ernie Els after the opening round of the Alfred Dunhill Championship.
UAL resumes service to Vietnam United Airlines Thursday launched the first scheduled flight of a US airline to Vietnam in almost 30 years.  quot;Today #39;s launch of direct service to Vietnam marks an historic step in the relationship between the 
Pixar Vs. DreamWorks Contest Panned by Wall Street Computer animation pioneers Pixar and Dreamworks have set the stage for a potentially bruising box office battle after both studios changed their schedules this week 
Stern Stance for Europe #39;s New Antitrust Chief Talking tough in her first public appearance since becoming Europe #39;s competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes blocked a merger in Portugal #39;s energy industry on Thursday and 
Pizza king snaps up life fund in record 1bn deal HUGH OSMOND, the pizza and pub entrepreneur, last night snapped up the closed life fund of HHG, formerly part of Australias AMP, for 1.025 billion.
ACCC clears way for 3G sharing THE national competition regulator has elected not to oppose Telstra #39;s 3G radio access network sharing arrangement with rival telco Hutchison.
Cisco Buys Routing Software Startup BCN Systems Cisco Systems on Thursday agreed to buy up the remaining portion of routing software startup BCN Systems that it didn #39;t already own.
British Grand Prix Safe Till 2009 The British Racing Drivers #39; Club has come to a financial agreement with Bernie Ecclestone which will keep the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on the F1 calendar for the next five years.
Rain eases to showers ahead of one-day decider Rain is continuing to fall around Brisbane, threatening the deciding match in the Chappell-Hadlee one day series between Australia and New Zealand.
Buy Now, Buy Often, but Make a Good Deal The glass doors to the Anaheim Marriott opened into a spacious lobby that was calm early on Thursday afternoon. All but one of the plush chairs near the entrance was 
Putting a Face on College Programs Shortly before Steve Spurrier appeared at Derrick Williams #39;s Upper Marlboro home on Monday night, the phone rang. It was Ron Zook.
Buy Now, Buy Often, but Make a Good Deal The off-season activity will surely intensify as Major League Baseball's winter meetings officially start on Friday.
N.H.L. Players Propose a 24 Percent Solution Seeking to end the lockout, the N.H.L. Players Association on Thursday offered an immediate pay reduction of 24 percent and other concessions to the league.
N.B.A. Sits It Out as Pacers Plead Case Four of the Pacers involved in last month's brawl pleaded their cases before an independent arbitrator on Thursday, but no representative from the N.B.A attended.
Oil Steady, OPEC Expected to Cut Supply (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices held steady on Friday just\hours ahead of a key meeting of the OPEC producers' cartel,\which was expected to agree to curb crude output running above\the group's official production limits.
Corporations in Brazil Shed Stay-at-Home Tradition Many of Brazil's biggest companies riding high at home are increasingly flexing their muscles on the international stage.
US-Vietnam flight launched United Airlines (UA) on Thursday launched the first daily flight service to Vietnam from the United States since 1975. The flight represents the first such service by an American air carrier since the end 
Swiss Life sells its closed UK business for 205m Resolution Life, the closed life assurance consolidator led by Clive Cowdery, completed its second acquisition yesterday with the 205m purchase of Swiss Life #39;s closed UK business.
REVIEW: Kit Automates Holiday Lights (AP) AP - It's a chore that can quickly chill the warmth of the holiday season: Trudging outside each winter night to unplug the lights, deflate the blowup snowman and shut off the rest of the outdoor extravaganza.
NHL Players Propose a 24 Percent Solution Seeking to end the lockout that threatens this season, the National Hockey League Players Association offered an immediate pay reduction of 24 percent Thursday and other concessions 
Malloy #39;s Remarks on Firing at Notre Dame Gaining Applause As Notre Dame continued to search for a football coach yesterday, the former agent for the fired coach Tyrone Willingham applauded the criticism of the firing by the university #39;s president, the Rev.
Woods, Furyk, Monty share lead in California Thousand Oaks, CA (Sports Network) - Colin Montgomerie, Jim Furyk and Tiger Woods, the tournament host, each posted rounds of four-under-par 67 on Thursday to share the lead after one round of the Target World Challenge.
Colts Lock Up Harrison Long Term (Reuters) Reuters - The Indianapolis Colts\signed wide receiver All-Pro Marvin Harrison to a long-term\contract extension Thursday.
NATO Agrees to Expansion of Forces Training Soldiers in Iraq The North Atlantic Treaty Organization agreed Thursday to increase its forces training soldiers in Baghdad, but six member countries refused to take part, prompting expressions 
Bush wants Annan to stay US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth says the Bush administration has confidence in UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and is not calling for his resignation.
Bush II keener on India VISITING US secretary of defence Donald Rumsfeld sent a strong message on Thursday that the second Bush regime was keen on strengthening strategic ties with India.
Lex: Nextel/Sprint (FT.com) FT.com - Good call. If Nextel can pull off a merger with Sprint, it would crown its recovery from the dark days of 2002 when its shares dipped below  #36;3 - compared with  #36;30 on Thursday. It would also fill important gaps for both mobile operators.
No. 23 TCU Defeats Oklahoma 81-65 (AP) AP - Sandora Irvin had a career-high 32 points and 18 rebounds to lead No. 23 TCU to an 81-65 victory Thursday night over Oklahoma.
Goin' Back to Cali: Kent Signs with Dodgers  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Dodgers and  second baseman Jeff Kent agreed to a two-year contract on  Thursday, bringing the All-Star back to the state where he won  his lone NL MVP award.
Schools failing 'missing pupils' Vulnerable youngsters expelled from schools in England are being let down by the system, say inspectors.
Stern Stance for Europe's New Antitrust Chief Talking tough in her first public appearance since becoming Europe's competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes blocked a merger in Portugal's energy industry.
Getting Animated About Summer Call it the CG dance -- CG as in  quot;computer generated. quot; A day after Pixar (PIXR ) and Disney (DIS ) announced they would delay for seven months the release of their next animated feature, Cars, DreamWorks SKG Animation (DWA ) said it will do the same with 
Paris cuts Air France KLM stake France is selling almost half its stake in Air France KLM, in a deal set to raise at least 700 million euros (\$933 million), sources close to the operation said.
UPDATE: China #39;s ZTE Shares Rise 11 On Hong Kong Debut HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China #39;s second-largest telecommunications equipment maker ZTE Corp. (0763.HK) staged a strong debut at its listing on the Hong Kong bourse Thursday 
Kremlin draws a bead on Vimpelcom Moscow is demanding \$160 million in back taxes fines and interest from the nation #39;s No. 2 cellular company. The claim against OAO Vimpelcom is fueling fears that the Kremlin attack on oil giant OAO Yukos could 
America West won #39;t bid for ATA Airlines America West Airlines, which has been considering a bid for ATA Airlines for more than a month and was widely expected to make an offer by Friday #39;s deadline, Thursday said it will not make an offer.
Kroes Vows to Be Tough on Big Business The European Union #39;s new antitrust chief Neelie Kroes used her first major rulings Thursday to make plain her aversion to cartels and reject suspicions that she would bow to the interests of big business.
NBA: Stoudemire Shines as Suns Stop Trailblazers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amare Stoudemire poured in a career  high 50 points and grabbed 11 rebounds as the Phoenix Suns  cruised to a 117-98 win over the Portland Trail Blazers on  Sunday, improving their record to an NBA best 26-4.
Perth join Super 14 THE Australian Rugby Union (ARU) has announced that Perth have been chosen as the fourth Australian team for the expanded Super 14 rugby competition in the 2006 season.
Woods on Target in California Tiger Woods has taken share of the first-round lead of the Target World Challenge in California with Colin Montgomerie and Jim Furyk.
As Earnhardt, Pepper got up to speed Dale Earnhardt #39;s fierce presence on the raceway earned him a name: The Intimidator. His spirit had a similar effect on those making 3, an ESPN movie about the NASCAR legend that 
Unicef Report Says Children in Deprivation Reach a Billion over half the children in the world - suffer extreme deprivation because of war, HIV/AIDS or poverty, according to a report released yesterday by the United Nations Children #39;s Fund.
Shiites Signal Concern Over Sunni Turnout Amid Violence A leading Shiite political figure showed signs of unease on Thursday about the risks that the continuing violence here poses for the elections.
Quik Drop and NuMarkets Services Sell eBay for You Quik Drop and NuMarkets Services Sell eBay for You\\After cleaning out my parent's garage the other month, I was thinking about selling off some of their junk on eBay. Unfortunately, I was overwhelmed over the amount of trinkets and toys that we had pulled out of the garage. So overwhelmed ...
Cellphones Aloft: The Inevitable Is Closer Federal regulators plan next week to begin considering rules that would end the official ban on cellphone use in commercial flights.
Portsmouth players make Shaka favourite to join Southampton Portsmouth players have installed goalkeeper Shaka Hislop as favourite to follow Harry Redknapp to south coast rivals Southampton.
NHL players #39; new offer includes 24 salary cut The NHL Players #39; Association is offering to cut player salaries by 24 per cent in a bid to end the lockout, but is not offering the salary cap the league has said it wants.
Perth Selected to Host Australia #39;s New Super 14 Rugby Team The Australian Rugby Union chose Perth over Melbourne to host the country #39;s fourth rugby union franchise when the annual Super 12 competition expands to 14 teams from 2006.
China Mine Blast Kills 33 in 10th Mishap in 3 Months (Update1) A gas explosion at a coal mine in northern China killed 33 workers in the 10th deadly mine blast reported in three months. The explosion occurred yesterday at 4:20 pm at Nanlou township 
Heroin Holy War Pledged by Afghan President Afghanistans President Hamid Karzai has declared a holy war on Afghanistans runaway narcotics industry, calling for international aid to counter a threat he said was more dangerous than any his country has faced in more than 20 years of war.
Tokyo Stocks Higher, Dollar Up Vs. Yen (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks edged higher Friday morning amid some bargain-hunting in technology and auto companies. The U.S. dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Some Venezuelan TV Channels Alter Programs Some Venezuelan television channels began altering their programs Thursday, citing fears of penalties under a new law restricting violence and sexual content over the airwaves.
Opec likely to focus on quota busters Cairo - The push to cut Opec oil production grew yesterday with the minister of the United Arab Emirates saying on the eve of a meeting of the oil producers #39; cartel that members had to honour output quotas to stem oversupply and falling prices.
Germany #39;s New Reality During much of Germany #39;s postwar economic boom, as prosperity mounted and car sales multiplied, workers at the Opel automobile factory here 
Hollywood Manager in Talks to Run Paramount  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Hollywood dealmaker Brad Grey, an  executive producer of the hit television show "The Sopranos"  and manager of Brad Pitt, is in line to take over Paramount  Pictures, a once-great studio that has fallen on tough times,  news reports said on Sunday.
Bare cupboards force space station crew to diet CAPE CANAVERAL, FLA. - The two crew on the international space station need to cut back on calories for the next two weeks because of dwindling food supplies.
Ubiquitous browser hole an easy target for scammers Dec 10, 2004: A new web browser security hole has been uncovered by a security firm, which could provide scammers with the means to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on genuine, trusted websites.
NASA Telescopes Find Dust Rings Around In this artist #39;s concept released by NASA, a ring of dusty debris is seen around a star. NASA #39;s Spitzer Space Telescope found rings of dust around planet-bearing stars, an important confirmation of theories 
Eolas, Microsoft make their case--again com December 8, 2004, 11:09 AM PT. Microsoft and the University of California are getting ready to make their respective cases before the US Court of Appeals on Thursday in the biggest patent fight in Web history.
Perth wins Super 14 berth Perth has triumphed over Melbourne to win the endorsement of the Australian Rugby Union to establish Australia #39;s next provincial rugby franchise.
New Zealand Opening Batsman Richardson to Retire From Cricket New Zealand batsman Mark Richardson said he will retire from cricket next week after a Test career in which he averaged more than 44 runs an innings.
Kenya #39;s anti-graft drive dismal - survey Nairobi - Kenya #39;s government had missed its best chance to stamp out rampant corruption and faced a tough task to regain credibility, Transparency International said yesterday on International Anti-corruption Day.
No. 2 Kansas Tops TCU 93-74 (AP) AP - Wayne Simien had 20 points and Keith Langford added 17 in No. 2 Kansas' 93-74 victory over TCU on Thursday night.
Fairy Tale or Not, Knicks Call Malone Isiah Thomas, the team president, made a call Wednesday to the agent for Karl Malone, the disillusioned former Lakers forward.
Buy Now, Buy Often, but Make a Good Deal Baseball's winter meeting will run through the weekend and could lead to any number of trades and free-agent signings.
Malloy's Remarks on Firing at Notre Dame Gaining Applause An assistant to the university's president said that she had shaved her head to protest the firing of football coach Tyrone Willingham.
McGrady Shocks Spurs With the Rockets seemingly headed to another tough home loss, Tracy McGrady puts them on his back by scoring 13 points in the final 35 seconds as Houston stuns the Spurs, 81-80.
Functional Fashion at Airport Checkpoints In this era of tightened airport security, retailers are offering new products -- such as bras and shoes -- designed to get passengers through the checkpoints without the indignity of a pat-down.
Report Denies Privatization Windfall NEW YORK, Dec. 9 -- Opponents of creating private accounts under Social Security often argue that the primary beneficiaries would be Wall Street investment firms. Wall Street's main trade group on Thursday said it isn't so.
Honda Moves To Prevent Engine Fires Honda Motor Co. has acknowledged a problem with oil filters on CR-V sport-utility vehicles and is taking steps to prevent engine fires caused by oil leaks.
Safeway to Open on Christmas Safeway Inc. yesterday said that for the first time, it will open many of its supermarkets on Christmas Day, a move that triggered an angry protest from the union representing the grocer's Washington area employees.
Foundation Coal Raises \$519 Million Foundation Coal Holdings Inc. went public yesterday, raising \$519 million, most of which went to the owners of the company.
Bogus E-Mail Worries Cell Phone Users The e-mails, often forwarded by friends, vary in wording, but the underlying message is always ominous: Soon, all cell phone numbers will be made public to telemarketing firms.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Ciena's Loss Tempered By Rise in Revenue Ciena officials stressed that the revenue growth was the result of a two-year effort to diversify Ciena's products and customer base to include cable operators, government entities and telecommunications companies.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Yahoo to Release Desktop Search Tool The competition between two leading Internet search engines is heating up anew as Yahoo Inc. plans to announce today that it soon will offer a free, high-speed way to search for information on personal computers, challenging rival Google Inc., which released a similar product earlier this fall.
Compound Shows Promise Against TB A chemical compound shelved as a failed treatment for inflammation has unexpectedly become the most promising new tuberculosis medicine to emerge in 40 years.
Oil prices edge higher OIL prices edged higher in Asian trading today as the market waited for a decision by OPEC ministers on whether to cut the cartel #39;s production when they meet in Egypt later today.
Yahoo to Release Desktop Search Tool The competition between two leading Internet search engines is heating up anew as Yahoo Inc. plans to announce today that it soon will offer a free, high-speed way to search for information 
Fans can throw financial punches Just when you start to think pro athletes have nothing in common anymore with the customers, along comes the brawl in Auburn Hills, Mich.
No. 7 Notre Dame Drubs Dayton 65-39 Notre Dame guard Charel Allen, left, looks for a shot in front Dayton guard Ashley Armstrong, right, during the second half Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004 in Dayton, Ohio.
UNDATED: 14 points. Tiffany Porter-Talbert scored 24 points, and Western Kentucky rallied from an 8-point halftime deficit. The Lady Toppers (3-3) made 16 of 28 shots in the second half after trailing 44-36 at the break.
Gaza plan wins party vote Israel #39;s plan to pull out of Gaza next year passed a crucial test on Thursday when Prime Minister Ariel Sharon easily won party approval to ask the more moderate Labor party to join his coalition.
33 Dead in Chinese Mine A gas explosion at a coal mine in the northern Shanxi Province killed 28 miners and 5 rescuers, the government said on Friday. In the latest in a series of such 
Rescuers search for more survivors as Philippine storm death toll &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; REAL, Philippines : Philippine rescuers are digging through the rubble of a collapsed building for more survivors, as the number of dead and missing from two storms which lashed the country rose to nearly 1,600.
Walmart.com follows Amazon with outages Company provides few details on outage, which came two days after online retail giant Amazon.com Inc.'s Web site faced significant performance problems.
T-Mobile USA sees high-speed network 2 years off That would likely put the company well behind its bigger rivals in delivering services such as mobile Internet to mobile phones at speeds similar to connections many consumers have on their home computers.
New GNOME version is available for Linux users Improvements include new file manager, ability to recognize removable storage devices and an integrated e-mail and groupwware client.
Crude Futures Climb Amid OPEC Worries Crude futures rose Friday amid market jitters over possible production cuts by OPEC at their meeting in Egypt, as well as fears that winter weather will put pressure on supplies.
Dollar in Broad Rally at Start of 2005  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The euro and Swiss franc both fell  about 1 percent and the Japanese yen shed half a percent in  Asia Monday as the dollar rallied broadly in thin trade.   Holidays in Japan, Australia, New Zealand and London kept  volume low, exaggerating moves, and dealers said there was  nothing particular behind the dollar's rise.  "It seems to be position-squaring across the board in somewhat  thin markets. There is no major news or intervention or  anything like that," said David Simmonds, markets strategist  with the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Food Short on Space Station NASA officials said yesterday that the international space station is running so low on food that its two crewmen have had to cut back on their eating and may have to abandon the orbiting 
Ernie hunted down by own protg There was a little-known, long-hitting Zimbabwean at the top of the Dunhill Championship leaderboard at Leopard Creek on Thursday evening - a leaderboard that also bore that rather familiar name of Ernie Els.
Joy at Silverstone deal SIR Frank Williams led the celebrations after the British Grand Prix was rescued by a last-ditch agreement yesterday. The British Racing Drivers #39; Club, which owns the Silverstone racetrack, had until the close 
Lewis leads Sonics past Mavs Dallas, TX (Sports Network) - Rashard Lewis scored 25 points and grabbed nine rebounds to lead the Seattle SuperSonics to a 107-102 win over the Dallas Mavericks at American Airlines Center.
UPDATE 1-Rugby-Australia pick Perth to host fourth Super 14 team The Australian Rugby Union (ARU) on Friday selected the Western Australia capital of Perth to be the venue for their fourth team in the expanded Super 14 provincial competition in 2006.
Dale Earnhardt: In the presence of a legend By Wayne Pearson, host of ESPN #39;s  quot;Ultimate Outdoors quot;. It #39;s been my experience that the term  quot;legend, quot; when describing an individual, has been tossed around all too freely.
Sale nearly set for NBAs Cavaliers Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. CLEVELAND, Ohio, United States of America -- Cleveland Cavaliers owner Gordon Gund is involved in contract talks 
DreamWorks Shifts  #39;Shrek 3 #39; To May 2007 DreamWorks has pushed back the release date of Shrek 3 from a November 2006 release to May 2007. The date shift comes after a similar move by Walt Disney/Pixar Animation to push the date of Cars from a November 2005 release to May 2006.
Telekom up 20 sen after winning Excelcomindo stake Share price of Telekom Malaysia Bhd rose more than 1.7 or 20 sen to RM11.80 on Dec 10 after winning the bid for Indonesia #39;s third-largest mobile phone operator PT Excelcomindo Pratama.
Foundation Coal cools; OccuLogix, Symmetry gain NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Foundation Coal failed to fire up Wall Street Thursday, as investors sold off shares in the energy company after early interest boosted the initial public offering #39;s price.
Hollywood sues over home theatre A FILM industry group has sued a high-end consumer electronics company, claiming its home theatre jukebox system makes illegal copies of movie DVDs.
The Waning Loyalists (IsraelNN.com) The Likud loyalist faction, which numbered close to twenty at its prime, has diminished to a mere nine Likud faction members voting against giving Prime Minister Ariel Sharon a mandate to bring the Labor Party into the government.
Latest China Mine Blast Kills 33 A gas explosion at a coal mine in the northern Chinese province of Shanxi killed 28 miners and five rescuers, the government said on Friday, in the latest in a grim series of similar disasters.
Venezuela Signs South American Integration Caracas, December 9, 2004Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez and heads of state and representatives from 11 other South American nations gathered in Cuzco, Peru yesterday and today, to formally inaugurate the South American Community of Nations (CSN).
GM management, unions reach agreement RUESSELSHEIM - General Motors, the world #39;s biggest car maker, said on Thursday that after months of negotiations it had finally reached a framework agreement with unions on a deep restructuring programme for its loss-making German unit Opel.
Hyatt to buy AmeriSuites in plan to develop hotel brand CHICAGO (AFP) - US hotel group Hyatt said it was buying the lodging chain AmeriSuites from the Blackstone investor group as part of its plan to expand the Hyatt brand name.
Ghana's President Wins Four More Years in Office (Reuters) Reuters - Ghana's President John Kufuor won a\second and final four-year mandate in the world's number two\cocoa grower on Thursday after taking more than half the votes\in the first round of a presidential poll.
OPEC Warns Oil Supply Cuts Needed for 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC oil producers said Thursday that\Friday's ministerial meeting would rein in oversupply to\bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to reduce\output quotas early next year.
Yahoo to test desktop search com December 9, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. In a step to keep pace with chief rival Google, Yahoo plans to start testing a downloadable desktop search application in early January.
Deep Tremors Detected Along San Andreas Fault These tremors may signal an increased likelihood of earthquakes on the San Andreas fault. Scientists have long expected California #39;s next big earthquakeof magnitude 8 or higherto occur on the San Andreas fault.
No. 2 Kansas Hosts Horned Frogs LAWRENCE, Kan. (Ticker) -- Second-ranked Kansas looks to post its 12th straight win at Allen Fieldhouse when its host Texas Christian on Thursday.
Reinventing the Wheel (and the Tire, Too) Michelin engineers envision a future in which vehicles would ride on what they call the Tweel, a combined tire and wheel that could never go flat because it contains no air.
Players speak their minds to union leaders Don Fehr is always quick to say what #39;s said in baseball union meetings is confidential. That edict didn #39;t change this week when the executive board held what turns out to be a historic session on steroids.
74 American Kids Found in Mexico Schools (AP) AP - Mexican authorities took custody of 74 American youths who were attending two irregularly operated boarding schools and returned them to the United States on Thursday.
From Simple to Complex, Hedge Funds Gain Ground Hedge funds are gaining in popularity as they pursue a host of investment strategies.
Militant leader hurt in attack RAFAH: The wanted leader of a Palestinian militant group and two of his lieutenants survived an Israeli assassination bid yesterday after an air strike targeted their vehicle in the southern Gaza Strip.
Globally, Stocks Are Poised to Advance Further Despite the strongest global economic growth since the 1970's and outsized gains in corporate profits, 2004 was a decidedly ho-hum year for international stock markets.
Mugabe Says No to Western Election Observers Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe vowed today not to allow Western observers to monitor next years parliamentary elections, saying only fair-minded countries would be asked to monitor the key vote.
Players Offer to Slash Salaries to Save NHL Season  TORONTO (Reuters) - Hopes for an NHL season were left  hanging by a thread Thursday as players presented a proposal  that included a massive 24 percent rollback in salaries but did  not address owners' main demand for cost certainty.
Paris cuts stake in Air France-KLM PARIS: France shed almost half of its 44 per cent stake in Air France-KLM yesterday, kicking off a wider deal that could see its remaining stake cut to below 20pc and give staff shares in return for pay cuts.
Dollar Inches Up, Market Focus on Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar climbed on Friday as investors  took advantage of the currency's recent weakness to take  profits and as the market took on more neutral positions in the  final stretch before the year-end.
Chinese Inflation Falls Sharply in Nov.  BEIJING (Reuters) - China's annual inflation rate dropped  sharply in November, heartening policy makers who have been  striving to cool the economy and reducing chances of a further  rise in interest rates in the near term.
Federal safety agency asks for recall of Durango, Dakota Federal safety regulators have asked DaimlerChrysler AG to recall 600,000 Dodge Durango and Dakota trucks because their wheels could fall off, a Chrysler spokesman confirmed Thursday.
Yahoo Adds Tool to Search Hard Drives (AP) AP - Yahoo Inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google Inc. and stay a step ahead of Microsoft Corp. in the battle to help users sort through gobs of information on the Internet and the desktop.
Yahoo to Begin Testing Desktop Search in January Yahoo Inc. said on Thursday it will begin testing a free desktop search service in early January, following rivals hoping to extend the reach of wildly profitable search-related advertising.
Winning Isn #39;t Everything Two recent events have me thinking that maybe we put too much importance on winning in sports. First, there were reports that baseball superstars Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi took steroids, drugs that can help make players stronger.
NCAA Game Summary - TCU at Kansas Kansas shot 37-of-66 for 56 percent...TCU turned the ball over 23 times and had only 11 assists...Chinweze exited the game with 10 points.
Yahoo to Begin Testing Desktop Search in January (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc. said on Thursday it\will begin testing a free desktop search service in early\January, following rivals hoping to extend the reach of wildly\profitable search-related advertising.
Rockets Edge Spurs 81-80 (AP) AP - Tracy McGrady scooped up a loose ball and hit a running 3-pointer with 1.7 seconds left, helping the Houston Rockets complete a rally from a 10-point deficit in the final minute for an 81-80 win over San Antonio on Thursday night.
Bogus E-Mail Worries Users Of Cell Phones (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The e-mails, often forwarded by friends, vary in wording, but the underlying message is always ominous: Soon, all cell phone numbers will be made public to telemarketing firms. That means, according to one version, that "your cell phone may start ringing off the hook with telemarketers" and your precious, limited cell phone minutes will be eaten up with calls you don't want.
First India-Pakistan joint film promotes peace process (AFP) AFP - With the competitive Bollywood movie industry making hundreds of films a year, new releases need a selling point -- and the people behind India and Pakistan's first co-production hope they're onto a winner.
W. Kentucky Upsets No. 14 Vanderbilt 85-77 (AP) AP - Tiffany Porter-Talbert scored 24 points, and Western Kentucky rallied to upset No. 14 Vanderbilt 85-77 Thursday night.
Pygmy Chimpanzees on Brink of Extinction -- WWF (Reuters) Reuters - Pygmy chimpanzees, one of\humanity's closest living relatives, have been pushed to the\brink of extinction in the war-battered Democratic Republic of\Congo, conservation group WWF International said on Thursday.
Md. Hepatitis C May Be From Medical Tests (AP) AP - A company that makes substances used in some common medical tests has suspended operations at a nuclear pharmacy in Maryland as state and federal health officials investigate several cases of hepatitis C in the Baltimore area, authorities said Thursday.
OPEC Warns Oil Supply Cuts Needed for 2005  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers said Thursday that  Friday's ministerial meeting would rein in oversupply to  bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to reduce  output quotas early next year.
Latest China Mine Blast Kills 33  BEIJING (Reuters) - A gas explosion at a coal mine in the  northern Chinese province of Shanxi killed 28 miners and five  rescuers, the government said on Friday, in the latest in a  grim series of similar disasters.
1st US-Vietnam Flight in 30yrs Symbol of Closer Ties  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The first U.S. passenger flight to  Vietnam since 1975 shows bilateral ties are "right on track"  between old battlefield foes who still spar over human rights  and trade, a Vietnamese spokeswoman said on Thursday.
Australia Terror Suspect Offered Prostitute -Papers  CANBERRA (Reuters) - An Australian terror suspect was  offered the services of a prostitute by the U.S. military if he  agreed to spy on other detainees held at the Guantanamo Bay  base in Cuba, according to court documents. In an affidavit  unsealed by a U.S. District Court and seen by Reuters on  Friday, David Hicks, a 29-year-old convert to Islam, said he  was also beaten while blindfolded and handcuffed, threatened  with weapons and had his head rammed into asphalt.
Howard Still Perfect The Lady Bison, off to their best start in 21 years, improve to 5-0 with a 59-53 victory over visiting Loyola on Thursday night.
SynXis to Be Bought for \$40 Million In buying the McLean firm, Sabre would get 6,000 small and medium-size hotels as customers, as well as the technology they use to track inventory, book guests online and connect to Internet reservation services, including Sabre's Travelocity.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Lilly forecasting strong 2005 Eli Lilly and Co. said its strategy of staying independent and plowing money into research should pay off in 2005, with profits expected to jump 8 percent to 12 percent over 2004 and nine new drugs in advanced human testing.
Yahoo Adds Tool to Search Hard Drives SAN FRANCISCO Dec 10, 2004 - Yahoo Inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google Inc.
Cisco Buys BCN Systems Cisco Systems Inc. (Nasdaq: CSCO - message board) announced late Thursday that it is buying routing software startup BCN Systems Inc.
Kazaa secret command unlocked by court A secret command that showed the number of connected users of the Kazaa file-sharing software was demonstrated to Federal Court on Thursday.
Williams seeking to cap Rocky rise to world title On Saturday, the 31-year-old can claim a piece of the world heavyweight crown with a win over Vitali Klitschko, capping a Rocky-like rise to the top.
India  #39;aiming for wins not records #39; DHAKA: India will focus on results and not records in the first Test against Bangladesh starting today, even though two of their players are on the verge of personal milestones, captain Saurav Ganguly said.
Weis attended ND but never played The New England Patriots offensive coordinator could be interviewed by the Irish as early as Friday, The Boston Globe reported on its Web site Thursday night.
Perth to host Super 14 franchise The Australian Rugby Union (ARU) announced on Friday that Perth will host the fourth Australian team in a Super 14 competition to begin in the 2006 season.
Shanahan says he intends to honour his deal with Broncos Trying to defuse rumours he might be leaving soon, Denver Broncos coach Mike Shanahan said Thursday night he intends to honour the final four years of his contract.
Baseball can #39;t hold out any longer on steroid issue We now know what it takes to break through the institutional indifference of Major League Baseball to the drug abuse among its players, including its biggest stars.
No. 1 Illinois takes control with 10-0 run late in first half It took a while for the top-ranked Illini basketball team to find a little traction Thursday night. But when the Fighting Illini dug in -t one point going 
Kiwi opener retires New Zealand opening batsman Mark Richardson on Friday announced his retirement from cricket after returning home from his fruitless tour to Australia.
IRA links destruction of weapons to demand The Irish Republican Army declared yesterday that it is willing to get rid of all its weapons this month - but only if Protestants drop their demands for photographic proof.
Jangled jingle bells As traditional as fruitcake, and less palatable, are the perennial holiday season snowball fights over displays, music, school programs and other expressions of angst that disrupt what we long to remember as  quot;the most wonderful time of the year.
SunTrust shakes up management SunTrust Banks, the seventh-largest US bank, yesterday overhauled its management weeks after it restated earnings and fired three executives because of accounting errors.
Japan Eases Arms Export Ban for New Missile Shield (Reuters) Reuters - Japan eased a blanket ban on arms exports\on Friday to open the way for joint production of a new missile\shield with the United States, but said it would still refrain\from most other weapons exports.
White, Leinart split top honors If Thursday was supposed to sort out a favorite for the Heisman Trophy, Jason White and Matt Leinart both can take heart. Each won separate national player of the year honors, two highlights 
Notre Dame must make right choice It seems you are having a problem finding a new coach for the legendary Notre Dame football team. After firing Tyrone Willingham you had your sights set on Utah coach Urban Meyer.
Iraqi troops beheaded Baghdad - Extremists killed 25 members of the Iraqi security forces, with several of the victims being beheaded, reports said on Thursday.
No. 13 Texas Tech Tops Oral Roberts 79-46 (AP) AP - Cisti Greenwalt had 18 points, 14 rebounds and blocked seven shots to lead No. 13 Texas Tech to a 79-46 victory over Oral Roberts on Thursday night.
20 injured in fight at Malaysian detention camp for terror suspects (AFP) AFP - Twelve inmates and eight warders have been injured in a fight at a Malaysian detention camp for terror suspects during a search which turned up a cache of home-made weapons.
Japan Eases Arms Export Ban for New Missile Shield  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan eased a blanket ban on arms exports  on Friday to open the way for joint production of a new missile  shield with the United States, but said it would still refrain  from most other weapons exports.
U.S. Marine Killed in Western Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents have killed a U.S. Marine in  western Iraq, the U.S. military said Friday.
Tokyo's Nikkei Average Edges Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average edged down by the  close on Friday with the market only slowly recovering from  disappointment over machinery orders data a day earlier.
OPEC Warns Oil Supply Cuts Needed for '05  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers said Thursday that  Friday's ministerial meeting would rein in oversupply to  bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to reduce  output quotas early next year.
 #39;Shrek 3 #39; release date delayed Dreamworks Studios said on Thursday it had delayed the release of its highly anticipated animated movie  #39;Shrek 3 #39; by six months as Hollywood frantically reshuffles its cartoon debuts.
Wall St. Journal says companies are in discussions SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of wireless carriers Nextel and Sprint rose Thursday after the Wall Street Journal reported that the companies are discussing a merger.
Amazon launching DVD rentals The UK website of Amazon.com is launching a DVD rental service, the online retailer #39;s first foray into a market pioneered by US- based Netflix.
Huawei pushes into Europe with 3G deal China #39;s largest telecoms equipment maker, Huawei Technologies, clinched its first European contract for a third-generation mobile network yesterday, underlining its threat to bigger international rivals.
Cyber Securitys Cassandra Syndrome A proposal to create a senior-level cyber security position at the Department of Homeland Security is killed at the eleventh hour.
Sonics dance in Dallas DALLAS -- Two games in two days in a pair of sold-out arenas and the Sonics are now two-for-Texas after they beat the Dallas Mavericks 107-102 last night at American Airlines Center.
After the Fall: Measured Moves Individual investors are struggling to find a balanced approach at an unreliable time for the market.
India, Pakistan discussing transit route to Afghanistan: Singh NEW DELHI (India): India is in touch with Pakistan on the issue of opening road route for transhipment of goods to Afghanistan through that country, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh told Parliament on Thursday.
Militant chief wounded in Israeli strike in Gaza GAZA - A militant leader survived an Israeli missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel #39;s first assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.
US mobile giants in merger talks Sprint and Nextel, two large US mobile companies, are discussing a possible \$70bn merger, according to newspaper reports.
The Fidelity watch Scott DeSano, Fidelity Investments' super-powerful head of stock trading, and his band of traders are suddenly under the gun.
Fund insiders: Lavish gifts abound Mutual fund companies in Boston say they have strict prohibitions against employees getting the kind of wining and dining and luxe entertainment that government regulators are investigating at Fidelity Investments, but industry officials and attorneys in the field contend such extravagance is nonetheless common in the investment world.
City shuts Back Bay Holiday Market The hard luck Back Bay Holiday Market at Prudential Center was shut down for about five hours yesterday by the Boston Public Health Commission, prompting one merchant to say she plans to leave.
Kuwaiti: OPEC will cut output OPEC will cut back on oil production early next year in a bid to stave off a further decline in the world price, Kuwait's oil minister said yesterday.
New IBM workers to get 401(k) Starting next year, International Business Machines Corp. will exclude new workers from its contested cash-balance pension plan and offer them only a 401(k) savings plan.
Malden Mills workers accept contract A union representing about 700 textile workers at Malden Mills Industries Inc. voted to accept a contract offer, averting a possible strike. Paul Coorey, president of the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees Union, Local 311, said workers voted 301-136 to accept a three-year pact that included annual wage increases of 2 percent, 2 percent, and 3 percent. But ...
World has 1.5bn cellphone subscribers Cellphone subscribers around the globe totalled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about 25 percent of the world #39;s population, the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) said yesterday.
CAO #39;s parent not expected to be implicated in scandal: report BEIJING : The parent firm of troubled Singapore-listed China Aviation Oil (CAO) does not expect itself or any of its other subsidiaries to be implicated in the scandal surrounding CAO #39;s trading losses, state media said on Friday.
US mobile giants in merger talks US mobile operators Sprint and Nextel are in talks about a \$70bn merger (36bn) according to newspaper reports. The deal would create the country #39;s third-biggest mobile operator which would have 38.5 million 
AirTran, Southwest seek Midway gates AirTran and Southwest emerged Thursday as the leading airline bidders for valuable gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport, where troubled discounter ATA is selling assets for cash.
Web site compares drugs for  #39;best buys #39; The publisher of Consumer Reports launched a free Web site Thursday to do for prescription drugs what it has already done for cars, refrigerators and other gadgets: rate them on safety, effectiveness and cost.
Amazon launches DVD rentals in UK SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- It #39;s been widely speculated that e-tail giant Amazon would one day set its sights on Netflix #39;s business, and on Thursday it confirmed that prediction, launching a DVD rental service in the United Kingdom.
Reporter uses kettle, bell to collect funds; finds job satisfying Want to make \$27 per hour just to stand around and smile and wiggle your wrists? Plenty of seasonal opportunities exist through Dec. 24.
U.S. Marine Killed in Western Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Insurgents have killed a U.S. Marine in\western Iraq, the U.S. military said on Friday.
Steelers Need Wins to Match Patriots (AP) AP - Heinz Field doesn't look very hospitable now that November has yielded to December, leaving the midsection of the playing field barren of grass and as rough and tumble as a North Side alleyway.
Belarus Opposition Streams to Kiev (AP) AP - "Today Ukraine, tomorrow Belarus!" read a banner strung up this week in a tent camp for opposition protesters.
Yahoo Details Desktop Search Plans; Ask Jeeves  amp; MSN Launch This &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Yahoo has announced that it will release a desktop search product after the New Year, putting the search engine firmly in the desktop search race that Google kicked off earlier this year and that other major search engines have already declared that they 
Space station crew cuts food intake, awaits Christmas resupply WASHINGTON--NASA officials said Thursday the international space station is running so low on food that its two crewmen have had to cut back on their eating and may have 
Tremors rock earth deep beneath San Andreas Fault Mysterious tremors deep beneath the San Andreas Fault near the quake-prone town of Parkfield are shaking the earth #39;s brittle crust, far below the region where earthquakes normally strike -- and scientists say they can #39;t understand what #39;s happening or what 
Using tools is monkey business in Brazil Researchers at a British university say they have seen monkeys in South America using stones to dig for food in the wild, a use of tools never previously seen in non-human species.
Sharman exec calls child porn unstoppable Sharman Networks #39; chief technology officer has refuted a claim on the Kazaa Web site that the company could  quot;permanently bar quot; users who are using its peer-to-peer software to distribute child pornography.
Samsung Doubles Memory Density According to a Samsung release, the device is the most advanced graphics double-data-rate synchronous DRAM available for graphics card makers, as well as game console manufacturers.
Summary: Faith in Democratic Iraq Slips (AP) AP - CONFIDENCE SLIPS  #151; Fewer than half of Americans, 47 percent, think it's likely Iraq will establish a stable, democratic government. In April, 55 percent said they believed such a government probably would be established.
Klitschko wanted Tyson, settles for Williams Vitali Klitschko #39;s dream was always to fight Mike Tyson. For now, he #39;ll have to settle for fighting the man who last beat Tyson.
Abdur-Rahim three beats Celtics at buzzer Coach Doc Rivers had to have liked what he saw in the first half of last night #39;s game against the Portland Trail Blazers. Gary Payton scored 
No. 1 Illinois 74, Georgetown 59 WASHINGTON - Chants of  quot;Overrated! Overrated! quot; bellowed from the Georgetown fans even before the opening whistle. Illinois needed about 14 minutes to shut them up.
ND, Weis are ready to talk By Nick Cafardo and Mark Blaudschun, Globe Staff  December 10, 2004. Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis, long rebuffed in his attempts to land a head coaching position in the NFL, has emerged as a 
Dougherty makes return For the former Roy Williams assistant, who spent seven years at Kansas, the crowd stood and applauded. It was pretty much the same old Phog for TCU #39;s third-year coach.
Include party financing in corruption legislation - Munroe Government senator Professor Trevor Munroe, and a lobbyist for party financing regulation, yesterday described its omission from amended corruption legislation as  quot;a glaring gap quot;, saying it could serve to further the influence of big business and the drug 
Shiite parties announce candidates for election A Sunni group that had called for a delay in voting quietly files its slate for balloting.  Seven Iraqis were killed Thursday in clashes in Baghdad and the volatile city of Ramadi.
For sale signs While keeping pitcher Pedro Martinez and catcher Jason Varitek remain the primary objective for the Red Sox as they head to baseball's winter meetings for the first time as World Series champions, a flurry of free agent signings this week would appear to foreshadow an active weekend of player movement.
Glaus goes to Diamondbacks The Arizona Diamondbacks moved quickly to get a righthanded power hitter with their first free agent signing in what they promise will be a busy offseason.
It's tough to trap these tigers The Patriots' defense is expecting a challenge Sunday from the Cincinnati Bengals, who have scored 85 points in their last two games.
NFL games on TV TAMPA BAY (5-7) vs. SAN DIEGO (9-3) When, where: Sunday, 4:15 p.m., at San Diego. TV: Ch. 25. Last season: Buccaneers won, 25-17, in 1996. Comments: The Chargers, sitting at the top of the NFL draft, wheeled and dealed back in April so they could land their quarterback of the future. Little did they know, they already had him. Drew ...
It's clear they know who to call for help  quot;Commissioner Tagliabue, it's Commissioner Stern on Line 1. quot;  quot;Who's Commissioner Stern? quot;
NBA snubs hearing with arbitrator Ron Artest took the witness stand in New York yesterday and described one of the worst brawls in NBA history. Indiana Pacers teammates Stephen Jackson , Jermaine O'Neal , and Anthony Johnson did the same, and a union attorney and one of O'Neal's bodyguards also testified. It went on for six hours, with none of the witnesses being cross-examined by ...
New Orleans Bowl Teams: North Texas (7-4) vs. Southern Mississippi (6-5) When: Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. Where: New Orleans TV: ESPN At a glance: The Mean Green are really mean, and not green, other than freshman running back Jamario Thomas, who has rushed for 1,709 yards and scored 17 TDs. Thomas is worth watching and is the best running back not involved in the ...
O'Brien awaits offer Boston College athletic director Gene DeFilippo met yesterday morning with football coach Tom O'Brien, who returned to campus after an out-of-town meeting Wednesday with officials from the University of Washington about their head coaching vacancy. While neither party elaborated on what was discussed, all indications were that O'Brien informed DeFilippo that if the Washington job were offered to him, he ...
Opec states to press for oil cuts The oil producers' group is set to meet, with some members pressing for a reduction oil output.
Museum Puts Life, Truth and, It Hopes, Sales in a Wine A new museum in Italy features exhibits that show the link between wine and the place it comes from.
Hospitalized Reservist's AWOL Case to Proceed  An Army  reservist who checked himself into a civilian psychiatric hospital after being turned away from a military clinic should be court-martialed for being absent without leave, according to an Army report.
Security Checks to Greet Fallujah's Returning Residents   FALLUJAH, Iraq, Dec. 9 -- When the residents of Fallujah begin trickling back to their devastated city, they will be routed through sandbagged checkpoints where U.S. and Iraqi troops will take their fingerprints, issue ID cards and in some cases scan their irises, part of an elaborate plan to keep insurgents out of the former radical militant stronghold.
Dollar Extends Its Rebound Into Third Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar extended its rebound into a  third day on Friday as investors worried that the dollar's  two-month slide had been too rapid and sought more neutral  ground in the final stretch before the year-end.
Grocer Winn-Dixie to Name New CEO -- WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WIN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WIN.N&lt;/A&gt; is  ousting its Chief Executive Frank Lazaran and replacing him  with Peter Lynch, a former executive at the Albertsons Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABS.N&lt;/A&gt; supermarket chain, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Friday.
PalmSource set to acquire China MobileSoft US-based software developer PalmSource Inc. said Wednesday it had entered agreement to acquire China MobileSoft Ltd. in a bid to extend its market as a software provider for cell phones and mobile devices.
OPEC Poised to Stamp Out Excess Supply (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC oil producers were poised on Friday\to stamp out excess supply that has lowered world prices from\record highs.
Ford Motor names Padilla president Ford Motor Co. Thursday named Chief Executive Officer Jim Padilla president to succeed Nick Scheele, who is retiring in February. Vice Chairman Allan Gilmour will also retire in February, the automaker announced.
Sprint, Nextel exploring merger; 40 million subscribers involved Nextel Communications and Sprint are negotiating a possible merger, according to a source familiar with the discussions. It was not clear how far the talks had progressed, and 
Arrested CAO chief is released on bail Chen Jiulin, the chief executive of China Aviation Oil (Singapore), was arrested yesterday as Singaporean authorities step up investigations into the city state #39;s biggest trading scandal in nearly a decade.
Car Talk: Fire hazard on Honda CR-V is real Dear Tom and Ray: I was pretty freaked out recently to learn that more than 20 2003-04 Honda CR-Vs had caught fire after their first oil change.
Yahoo Adds Tool to Search Hard Drives SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo Inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google Inc. and stay a step ahead of Microsoft Corp.
Solar-system births witnessed Giant planets and broad bands of dust swirl around seven distant stars in new images captured by two NASA telescopes, both built partly in Colorado.
British Grand Prix is rescued thanks to Mirror BRITAIN #39;S Silverstone Grand Prix was yesterday saved for the next five years after a Daily Mirror campaign. Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone gave it a reprieve until 2009 by signing 
Oh where, oh where will Kent get to play? It #39;s the call of an offseason in the making, the Dodgers finally on the move. Have a big free-agent signing to announce at the first day of the winter meetings.
USC #39;s leading man Los Angeles - If you think the freeways around Southern California are crowded, you should see the crowd in the Southern California locker room after a football game.
Collapse in judgment: C #39;s fall apart late in loss to Blazers The Celtics were playing their only national television game of the season last night, so the rest of the country now knows about your club #39;s late-game lapses.
National unity government expected within days Premier Sharon has already begun to initiate coalition negotiations with Labor, UTJ and Shas, following his significant victory at last nights Likud convention vote, which overturned a previous decision by the central committee nixing a coalition with 
Peace talks on Darfur to resume A new round of peace talks between the Sudanese government and rebels from the Darfur region is set to re-open on Friday in the Nigerian capital, Abuja.
NBA Wrap: McGrady Leads Rockets to Stunning Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tracy McGrady hit a running 3-pointer  with 1.7 seconds left on the clock to give the Houston Rockets  a dramatic 81-80 win over the San Antonio Spurs in National  Basketball Association play Thursday in Houston.
College Basketball: Illinois, Kansas Win  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Roger Powell Jr. netted 19  points on 8-of-11 shooting to lead top-ranked Illinois to a  74-59 victory over Georgetown at the MCI Center.
McDonough shocked he's not coming back His emotions alternating between his trademark humor and broken-voiced sadness, veteran broadcaster Sean McDonough confirmed yesterday that NESN informed him last Friday that he will not be part of the Red Sox broadcast team in 2005.
Barnicle has hill to climb Newton North cross-country star Chris Barnicle will escape the frigid temperatures of the Northeast for a weekend of sunshine and 75-degree weather in San Diego.
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY COLLEGE BASKETBALL/MEN 7 p.m. -- Harvard at Colgate, WRCA (1330) 10 p.m. -- Alabama-Birmingham at Oklahoma St., ESPN2 PRO BASKETBALL 8 p.m. -- Philadelphia at Chicago, ESPN 10:30 p.m. -- Portland at Utah, ESPN COLLEGE FOOTBALL 7 p.m. -- Division 1-AA Tournament semifinal: James Madison at William  amp; Mary, ESPN2 GOLF 9 a.m. -- PGA European Dunhill Championship (second ...
Transactions BASEBALL Arizona (NL): Signed 3B Troy Glaus to a four-year contract. Atlanta (NL): Signed 1B Julio Franco. Chicago (AL): Signed OF Jermaine Dye. Los Angeles (NL): Signed 2B Jeff Kent. New York (AL): Named Neil Allen bullpen coach and Rich Monteleone special pitching instructor. San Diego (NL): Signed OF Eric Young; designated P Mike Bynum for assignment.
Ukraine Candidates Start Campaigning (AP) AP - Ukraine's two presidential candidates mapped out campaign strategies with less than three weeks remaining before the repeat of last month's fraud-marred election runoff, and opposition protesters lifted their two-week siege of the Cabinet headquarters.
Gay Rights Activists Reassess Strategy (AP) AP - The ritual was replayed from Boston to San Francisco: Exuberant gay couples sharing marriage vows and slices of wedding cake.
Peace talks on Darfur to resume Peace talks addressing Sudan's troubled region of Darfur are set to resume in the Nigerian capital, Abuja.
Missile 'targets Gaza militant' An alleged militant in northern Gaza is unharmed in an Israeli missile attack, hours after a similar strike in the south.
Child cancers steadily increasing \The rate of childhood cancer has slowly increased over the last three decades, research has found.
Reporter Prompted Query to Rumsfeld Edward Lee Pitts of the Chattanooga Times Free Press told colleagues in an e-mail that he and members of the Tennessee Army National Guard now in Kuwait "worked on questions to ask Rumsfeld about the appalling lack of armor" and that Spec. Thomas Wilson posed the question at his request.
Vietnam prepares for arrival of first US passenger jet since war Vietnam is preparing for the arrival of the first passenger jet from the United States since the end of the war in 1975. The United Airlines flight from San Francisco, via Hong Kong, is scheduled to land in 
Yahoo! takes a partner for desktop-search fray Yahoo! plans to launch software in coming weeks that allows users to search for e-mail and other files stored on their computers, but unlike rivals Google and Microsoft, it is turning to a partner for help with the technology.
Astronauts running low on food WASHINGTON - The two astronauts on board the international space station are cutting back on their food as supplies are running shorter than expected in advance of the planned arrival of a Russian supply ship on Christmas Day.
PSP  #39;rubbish #39;? Nintendo think so. (PSP, DS) At least, according to Nintendo President Satoru Iwata it isn #39;t. Whilst talking to journalists in Japan the boss let his feelings loose concerning Sony #39;s foray into the handheld market, stating that the PSP would simply alienate possible new gamers rather 
New heavyweight record set Las Vegas - Vitali Klitschko #39;s fight with Danny Williams on Saturday will be the biggest heavyweight clash ever - at least in the ring.
Jordan welcomes Silverstone deal Silverstone owners the British Racing Drivers Club and Bernie Ecclestone #39;s FOA announced Thursday that they have signed a contractual and financial agreement to secure the British Grand Prix at Silverstone for the next five years.
No moves for Rockies Anaheim, Calif. - By standing still, the Rockies seem to be falling in the National League West. The Rockies finished fourth in their five-team division in 2004, behind the San Diego Padres and ahead of the abysmal Arizona Diamondbacks.
KEEP YOUR NOSE OUT OF IT, LOWE HARRY REDKNAPP has warned Southampton chairman Rupert Lowe to keep his nose out of team affairs. Lowe has gained a reputation for offering advice to his managers, and appears regularly on the 
ND aide shaves her head to support Willingham The assistant to Notre Dame #39;s president has shaved her head to protest Tyrone Willingham #39;s firing as football coach, saying she will remain bald until the Irish win a national championship.
Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labour Into Govt Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday invited the opposition Labour Party to begin talks to form a unity government, a move that would avoid early elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.
China mine blast kills 33 Thirty-three workers have been killed after a gas explosion at a coal mine in China #39;s northern Shanxi province. Officials say 71 miners were in the shaft when the blast occurred at Nanlou township.
Yahoo set to launch desktop search tool Yahoo is preparing to stake its claim to a key part of the burgeoning search engine business with a desktop search tool that makes it easier to find information on the hard drives of personal computers.
Lakers Beat Nuggets, 99-91 (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant scored the Lakers' first 14 points in the fourth quarter and finished with 42, carrying Los Angeles to a 99-91 victory over the Denver Nuggets on Sunday night.
Diamondbacks clinch Glaus signing The Arizona Diamondbacks have signed former Anaheim Angel third-baseman Troy Glaus on a four-year deal. The 28-year-old free agent hit 18 home runs last season despite missing over three months through injury.
Caps' Ovechkin Shines With a 7-2 triumph over the United States, impact teens Alexander Ovechkin and Evgeni Malkin place Russia in the World Juniors championship game against Canada.
Business ; HHG sells life insurance arm Business News, MELBOURNE, Financial group HHG has agreed to sell its life insurance business, including Pearl, National Provident Life and London Life, for 1.025 billion pounds to Life Company Investor Group, and plans to return 875 million pounds of the 
Chinese Inflation Drops Sharply China #39;s annual inflation rate dropped sharply in November, providing further evidence that steps to cool the economy are working and reducing the chances in the near term of a fresh rise in interest rates.
China Crime Chief Urges End to 'Social Conflicts' (Reuters) Reuters - China's security chief has urged\officials to heed the grievances of their communities, state\media reported Friday, following a series of violent protests\that undermine efforts to maintain stability.
Khartoum, Darfur Rebels Split on Peace Chances (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government said on Thursday it\hoped to reach a deal in talks resuming Friday with rebels in\Darfur, which the United Nations says is descending into chaos.
Yahoo #39;s New Year #39;s Resolution: Desktop Search Yahoo Inc. will enter the desktop-search field in early January. According to the company #39;s top search executive, Yahoo expects to quickly integrate its various online services into the product.
Calhoun not fond of loss But Calhoun likes his players and his university and the fact that the Huskies are the defending national champions a lot more. Calhoun was livid with himself and the collective 
Trail Blazers Edge Celtics 89-87 Portland Trail Blazers #39; Zach Randolph, right, loses the ball as Boston Celtics #39; Gary Payton looks on during the second quarter Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004, at the Rose Garden in Portland, Ore.
Thirty-three dead in latest China mine blast BEIJING : Thirty-three workers have been killed in the latest gas explosion at a Chinese coal mine, once again highlighting the appalling safety standards blighting the industry.
Singapore Crt OKs 6-Weeks Extension For China Aviation-2- SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore #39;s High Court Friday threw a six-week lifeline to troubled China Aviation Oil Singapore Corp. (C47.
Sprint, Nextel consider lucrative deal Sprint (FON) and Nextel (NXTL) are in discussions to merge, with an eye to creating a wireless giant that could rival Cingular and Verizon Wireless in size and scope, according to two people with direct knowledge of the talks.
Hhg Offloads Pearl and London Life Financial group HHG today announced the 1.03 billion sale of its UK life insurance business, which includes the Pearl and London Life brands.
IBM #39;s cash-balance move could start trend IBM #39;s (IBM) decision to drop cash-balance plans for new hires could put pressure on other companies to close similar programs amid lawsuits and attacks from critics who say the plans hurt older workers.
Kings Stop Spurs Peja Stojakovic's long-range shooting and Mike Bibby's big second half catapults the Kings over the Spurs, 86-81, on Sunday night.
Miles to LSU? A source close to the negotiations says Oklahoma State football coach Les Miles will take over for Nick Saban in Baton Rouge.
Stoudemire Soars The Suns move their league-leading record to 26-4 behind 50 points from Amare Stoudemire to blow by the Portland Trailblazers on Sunday night, 117-98.
Jim Mora Jr., Tom O #39;Brien are top Washington candidates It looks like the Washington Huskies search for a new head football coach has picked up in the last several days. Reports from around the country have stated that Washington has met with or contacted former 
Price rises prompt exodus from British Gas Shares in Centrica have fallen by 7 per cent after the energy company revealed that its British Gas business was to limit rises in bills after losing 900,000 this year.
Michoud cheers support for space shuttle NASA #39;s decision to reconsider using a space shuttle to repair the orbiting Hubble Space Telescope is potentially good news for the eastern New Orleans plant that makes external fuel tanks for the shuttle, a plant spokesman said Thursday.
Oracle Expands Beyond Databases Oracle announced the creation of Oracle Collaboration Suite, a real-time toolkit enabling enterprises to collaborate and manage content in whole new ways.
Klitschko has long climb to top When Vitali Klitschko lost to Lennox Lewis on cuts last year, it was a fumbling attempt at passing the heavyweight torch. Klitschko was ahead on the judges #39; cards when his face got 
Finley moving down the freeway The Angels have reached agreement on a two-year contract with former Dodgers outfielder Steve Finley, who provides a more cost-efficient, shorter-term solution to their gap in center field than top free agent Carlos Beltran.
Napster Entering Ringtone Market (Reuters) Reuters - Online music service Napster on\Thursday said it reached a deal to enter the ringtone market\with mobile content publisher Dwango Wireless .
HP Rolls Out Ultra-Low Priced PC in China (Reuters) Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co. , the\world's number-two PC maker, said on Friday it has launched a\3,999 yuan ( #36;483) computer in China, turning up the heat in the\intensely competitive market.
UK initiative on climate change Tony Blair is to host a major scientific conference on climate change in February as part of an attempt to create an international consensus on the science involved and so lock the US and the G8 group of industrial nations into action beyond the Kyoto 
Israel readying to turn over northern Gaza security to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM Israeli security officials say the nation is preparing to hand over security in the northern Gaza Strip to Palestinians well before Israel withdraws from the area in mid-2005.
Red Hat, IBM Partner In ISV Certification (TechWeb) TechWeb - IBM and Red Hat will work together in helping independent software vendors get application certification on Red Hat's Linux server software.
IBM Updates TotalStorage SAN Software Suite (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company says the new version of its SAN virtualization manager can handle all of rival EMC's arrays.
IBM Product to Challenge Data Storage Leader EMC (Reuters) Reuters - IBM  on Friday will take\aim at the heart of data storage equipment leader EMC Corp.'s\ market with a product that will allow EMC buyers to\switch to IBM.
Whale Shark Finds New Friends in Indian Fishermen (Reuters) Reuters - A few weeks ago, the crew of an\Indian fishing boat in the Arabian Sea thought they had the\biggest catch of their lives.
Old News.... REALLY Old News! The video archives of Pathe News are online, covering the late 1890s through to the 1970s. Pathe News was one of the earliest video news services in Britain and one of the best remembered. 
Java Java Java... and Coffee \\Great writeup from Tim Bray WRT Dynamic Java  ...\\Here's the funny part.  Whats up with all the damn coffee in these pictures?\\One can only come to the conclusion that caffeine makes you smart as hell!\\caption: Coffee\\caption: Coffee and Java\\caption: Java and Coffee\\
Metamorphosis of Narcissus \\Dali's Metamorphosis of Narcissus is one of my favorite paintings.  I actually\own a print in my bedroom.\\I was amazed at how well Google image search did on this query \\Literally 90 of the images are perfect captures of the painting...\\
Hi-tech posters guide commuters Interactive posters at 25 underground stations are helping Londoners travel safely over Christmas.
Robots rejected for Hubble rescue Shuttle astronauts would do a better job of upgrading the ailing Hubble Space Telescope than robots, say experts.
EU probes mobile phone call costs The amount consumers are charged for making mobile phone calls while abroad is to be investigated by EU regulators.
1st US Jet Since War to Land in Vietnam For the first time since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, a US passenger jet was on its way to Vietnam on Friday. United Flight 869 took off from San Francisco 
Group to focus on fund management HONG KONG (CBS.MW) -- London-based financial services group HHG surged Friday after agreeing to sell its life insurance and pensions business to private equity investors for 1.025 billion pounds (\$1.96 billion) in cash.
Former Congresswoman Chisholm Dies at 80 (AP) AP - Shirley Chisholm, the first black woman elected to Congress and an outspoken advocate for women and minorities during seven terms in the House, died Saturday near Daytona Beach, friends said. She was 80.
Eurostocks open higher PARIS: European shares opened higher on Friday, led by oil heavyweights such as BP ahead of an expected decision by Opec to trim its output.
Community Coffee to hike price Citing sharp increases in commodity costs, Community Coffee will increase prices on its trademaker Red Bag coffee for the first time in seven years, the company said.
Napster to enter ringtone market with Dwango MUMBAI: Napster today announced that it has forged an agreement with Dwango Wireless, a leading mobile developer and publisher of entertainment content to launch Napster Mobile across major North American carriers.
Panel recommends manned mission to repair Hubbble!: World News: Washington, Dec 10 : A National Academies #39; panel has ruled out sending a robotic mission to mend the Hubble Space Telescope, citing fears that a robot might crash into Hubble instead of fixing it.
Simians are experts too in the use of tools!: World News: London, Dec 10 : Cambridge University researchers have concluded that use of tools is habitual in monkeys after collecting the first hand evidence on this score.
Ninty boss slams PSP as DS shipment target raised Sony #39;s forthcoming PlayStation Portable handheld will fail to attract newcomers to gaming, according to Nintendo president Satoru Iwata, whose comments come as shipment targets for the DS are raised once again.
MSA welcome British GP deal. The Motor Sports Association, the governing body of motorsport in the UK, has welcomed yesterday #39;s announcement that a deal has been agreed to keep the British Grand Prix at Silverstone for the next five years.
Artest testifies about basketball brawl NBA Indiana Pacers #39; Ron Artest and three teammates testified about the basketball brawl. Ron Artest took the witness stand and described, in his words, one of the worst brawls 
NHL players offer 24 percent rollback of salaries As promised, the NHL Players Association on Thursday delivered its strongest proposal to end the lockout. In a move even NHLPA executive director Bob Goodenow admitted 
NZ coach launches pre-game tirade New Zealand coach John Bracewell did his best yesterday to create a siege mentality for the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy decider in Brisbane today by accusing the media and the Gabba curator of skulduggery.
meetings start with bang Baseball officials streamed into the winter meetings hotel all day. Troy Glaus was done for \$45 million before most arrived, Jeff Kent after arrivals.
PEACE ON EARTH As the holiday season approaches, there is no greater hope for Peace on Earth and Goodwill to men than this months awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to Kenyan conservationist Wangari Maathai, who has become a symbol of peace and harmony between Man and 
Survey Says Political Parties Seen as Most Corrupt Institutions Political parties are seen as the institutions most afflicted by corruption, according to a survey released by a non-governmental organization that monitors corruption.
More than thirty miners killed in China blast At least 33 miners have been killed in a gas explosion at a Chinese coal mine northern Shanxi province. 71 miners were in the mine when the blast exploded, the officials said.
France backs Turkish EU talks for late-2005 BRUSSELS, Dec 9 (AFP) - France wants the European Union to open membership talks with Turkey at the end of next year or early 2006, Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said on Thursday.
Slip a Geek Book Under the Tree Tech gifts needn't be electronic. Geeks and non-geeks alike can enjoy the old-fashioned pleasure of curling up by the fire with a good read. Michelle Delio reviews a passel of new books just in time for the holiday season.
GM to cut jobs in Europe Automaker, unions agree to eliminate up to 12,000 workers to curb losses and save \$665 million a year. By Ed Garsten / The Detroit News.
Tough times for British Gas British Gas owner Centrica says that soaring energy prices will hit margins in some of its key businesses, sending its shares sharply lower.
Nextel, Sprint in talks Sprint, the No. 3 US mobile- phone company, and Nextel Communications are in early talks about a possible merger, people familiar with the matter said.
Losses rise at British Energy after nuclear shutdowns British Energy, the nuclear generator, said its first-half losse had tripled following the unexpected closure of two nuclear power plants.
Napster Entering Ringtone Market Online music service Napster on Thursday said it reached a deal to enter the ringtone market with mobile content publisher Dwango Wireless (DWGN.
Space Station Crew Forced to Cut Calories gollum123 writes  quot;CNN and others are reporting that food is running so low aboard the international space station that both the crew members have been asked to cut their calories, at least until a Russian supply ship arrives in a little over two weeks.
Oracle boosts enterprise content management Oracle has launched new content management software, offering file management, security and event-driven workflows. As expected, Oracle unveiled Files 10g at this week #39;s OpenWorld user conference in San Francisco.
Finley set to be an Angel The Angels have reached agreement on a two-year contract with former Dodger Steve Finley, who provides a more cost-efficient, shorter-term solution to their gap in center field than top free agent Carlos Beltran.
Bad sign? Meetings don #39;t make much sense ANAHEIM - The Los Angeles Dodgers last season had the best double-play combination in baseball, so naturally they went out yesterday and signed an All-Star second baseman who admits his glove is merely apparel.
Sprint, Nextel in merger talks: reports (AFP) AFP - US mobile telephone groups Sprint and Nextel are engaged in merger talks which could create the third-biggest US mobile operator worth some 30 billion dollars, according to reports.
Beijing urges rethink on protests \China's security chief tells officials to pay more attention to people's grievances, in the wake of increasing protests.
Iranian film wins Indian honour Iranian movie Beautiful City scoops the main prize at the International Film Festival of India.
EU probes mobile phone call costs The amount consumers are charged for making mobile calls while abroad is to be investigated by EU regulators.
Madrassas hit by sex abuse claims A Pakistani minister reveals hundreds of cases of alleged child sex abuse at religious seminaries, or madrassas.
US Flight Lands in Vietnam After 30 Years Late on Friday, an United Airlines plane will arrive in Vietnam #39;s Ho Chi Minh City, marking the first time that a commercial American airliner will be landing in the country since the Vietnam War.
Wall Street stocks end higher on strong company earnings Wall Street stocks rose Thursday as National Semiconductor Corp. #39;s strong earnings results soothed investors #39; worries over higher jobless rate and rising oil prices.
Sprint, Nextel in merger talks: reports WASHINGTON (AFP) - US mobile telephone groups Sprint and Nextel are engaged in merger talks which could create the third-biggest US mobile operator worth some 30 billion dollars, according to reports.
Napster eyes ring tone market Digital music provider Napster on Thursday teamed up with Dwango Wireless, hoping to corner a slice of the booming ring tone market.
Microsoft helps in bogus degrees case Some sleuthing by software giant Microsoft Corp. helped track down two brothers who authorities say sold bogus college degrees over the Internet, including an MBA that was issued to a housecat.
Sonics soar past Mavs, improve to 17-3 This is why the Seattle SuperSonics have become the team to beat in the NBA. One night after Ray Allen helped Seattle become the first team to win in San Antonio this season, Rashard Lewis did 
Viewpoints: Tackling climate change If the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is right, our planet is heading for some big upheavals. By 2100, they predict, global sea levels will have risen by 9cm to 88cm, and average temperatures will be about 1.5 to 5.5C higher than now.
EU sure of deal on status of Cyprus The European Union presidency yesterday expressed optimism that a deal could be struck over Turkey #39;s refusal to recognize Cyprus in the lead-up to next weekend #39;s EU summit, which will decide whether to give Ankara a date for the start of accession talks.
NBA Wrap: McGrady Leads Rockets to Stunning Win Tracy McGrady hit a running 3-pointer with 1.7 seconds left on the clock to give the Houston Rockets a dramatic 81-80 win over the San Antonio Spurs in National Basketball Association play Thursday in Houston.
Bush Administration Gives Annan Vote of Confidence The Bush administration has expressed confidence in United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, despite calls for his resignation from several US lawmakers over a scandal involving the UN-administered oil-for-food program for Iraq.
UN Agency Accused of Putting Children #39;s  #39;Rights #39; Above Their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The UN children #39;s agency has come under fire from critics who say it has prioritized children #39;s  quot;rights quot; over their survival.
PowerPoint Message Is the Medium A competition tries to elevate the dreaded PowerPoint presentation to an artful endeavor, but many participants poke fun at the program instead of exploiting its features. By Daniel Terdiman.
Handheld Gaming Goes Wireless After flocking to design games for the Nintendo DS, developers are eager to exploit the device's wireless capabilities. First up are local network multiplayer games; in the pipeline is wireless gameplay over the net. By Daniel Terdiman.
Keeping Love Connections Open When choosing a mate, we often look for financial, moral, physical and emotional compatibility. Add one more characteristic to the list: connectivity. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
The End of TV as We Know It Sit back on the sofa and get ready for packetized, on-demand, digital broadcasts. By Frank Rose from Wired magazine.
British Gas loses a million users British Gas has lost almost one million customers this year, its parent company Centrica has revealed. The gas and electricity provider, which has put up prices twice in 2004, lost 290,000 customers in the first half of the year and 630,000 in the second.
Philips halves stake in Atos Origin Royal Philips Electronics continued its withdrawal from non-core stakes on Friday by slashing its stake in Atos Origin by more than half.
Customer Service: The Hunt for a Human In the Internet age, making telephone contact with a human for customer service is a daunting task. Some companies no longer disclose phone numbers. But some consumers have found ways around the blockade.
Disney backs Sony in DVD format battle Disney announced yesterday that it would release its films on Sony #39;s Blu-ray DVD format - a week after three other Hollywood studios backed rival Toshiba #39;s HD-DVD.
Consoles in terribly short supply THIS YULE is all about console supply and there #39;s precious little units around, it has emerged. Nintendo has announced that it is going to ship another 400,000 units of its DS console to the United States to meet the shortfall there.
Man Builds 7 foot Grandfather Clock from Lego Grotius writes  quot;As reported in CNET, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the court that hears patent appeals) heard oral argument in an appeal from a \$565 million award against Microsoft for infringing patent rights held by the 
Owners plan Silverstone facelift The British Racing Drivers #39; Club plan to begin work towards improving Silverstone now they have the security of a five-year grand prix contract in place.
Hughes returns to lead in Melbourne Australian Bradley Hughes leads by four shots after round two of the Australian Masters in Melbourne. Hughes, who won here in 1993 and 1998, carded rounds of 64 and 66 for 14-under 130 to lead defending champion Robert Allenby.
Wenger: No Plans to Buy New Keeper Arsene Wenger moved to underline his faith in keepers Jens Lehmann and Manuel Almunia ahead of Sundays clash against Chelsea by pledging not to sign a replacement in the January transfer window.
Thursday #39;s NBA Roundup (CP) - With their depth and determination, there is little surprise the Seattle SuperSonics are the best team in the NBA. One night after Ray Allen helped Seattle become the first team to win in San Antonio 
Colombia Paramilitary Fighters to Disarm (AP) AP - Crosses, burned vehicles and blown-up bridges mark the narrow road that runs from a provincial capital to this village near the Venezuelan border  #151; the scars of a protracted and bitter battle between a right-wing paramilitary group and Marxist rebels for control of the region's cocaine industry.
EU Invites UN #39;s Annan to Summit to Show Support The European Union has invited Kofi Annan as a special guest to its summit next Friday, a Dutch presidency spokesman said, demonstrating support for the UN secretary-general amid a campaign in the United States to 
Rumsfeld Visits India, Delhi Frets on Arms Sales The United States will build stronger defense ties with India, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld vowed on Thursday, but New Delhi said proposed US arms sales to Pakistan could affect relations with Washington.
Philips slashes stake in Atos Origin by 50 per cent Amsterdam (pts) - Dutch electronics company Philips http://www.philips.com has announced today, Friday, that it has cut its stake in Atos Origin by more than a half.
Amazon.com enters UK DVD market Amazon.com made its anticipated entry into renting DVDs on the Internet on Thursday, launching a service in the United Kingdom that it says will charge as much as 30 percent less than its competitors.
For coffee drinkers, grind of rising prices Java lovers, hold onto your nickels and dimes. Months after retail coffee-shop chains such as Starbucks raised the cost of their caffeine concoctions, the price of coffee is still on the rise.
Yahoo! to launch desktop search in the New Year Internet portal Yahoo! says it will release a desktop search in the New Year some three months after Google. Desktop search is the latest battleground between the major search engines as they seek to gain 
 #39;Chatter #39; may predict quakes Los Angeles - Deep rumblings many kilometres below the San Andreas fault in California could offer a way to predict earthquakes, US scientists said in a study released on Thursday.
MS Eolas appeal begins Microsoft began its appeal yesterday against a \$565m judgment that it infringed on a patent held by Eolas, a University of California spin-off.
11am Market Update European stock markets rose in early trade this morning after a late chip-inspired rally on Wall Street nudged investors towards a positive frame of mind.
IBM closes pension Employees #39; chances of retiring with a guaranteed pension suffered another setback this week with IBM announcing it was closing its cash-balance pension plan to new employees - fueling concerns that other companies would follow suit.
Wall St. Expected to Open Slightly Lower (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was expected to open\slightly lower on Friday but United Technologies Corp. may\climb after its chief executive gave an upbeat outlook.
Hollywood split as Disney backs Blu-ray With the Blu-ray Disc Association securing non-exclusive backing from Disney, the major Hollywood studios are split down the middle over next-generation DVD.
Space Station Crew May Have to Return Home MOSCOW - Echoing what NASA (news - web sites) officials said a day earlier, a Russian space official on Friday said the two-man crew on the international space station could be forced to return to Earth if a planned resupply flight cannot reach them with 
NHL finds hope After three months of darkness and silence, there seems to be a glimmer of hope for the NHL. In a meeting Thursday at the league #39;s Toronto offices, the players #39; union presented an in-depth proposal 
Failed Road Test After winning 13 in a row and 21 of 22 in the series, many by lopsided margins, the seventh-ranked Huskies found themselves locked in a 40-minute struggle.
McGrady saves Houston Houston guard Tracy McGrady has scored 13 points in the final 35 second of the match against San Antonio, to hand his side an 81-80 victory.
No time to rest for 49ers #39; Quinn Quinn, the San Francisco 49ers #39; defensive line coach,helps devise the game plan, fine-tunes the starters, teaches the never-ending stream of new linemen the scheme, sneaks in a workout of his own, keeps his pate freshly shaved, checks in with his wife 
Kenyan to collect Nobel prize Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai is to be presented with the Nobel Peace Prize for 2004 at a ceremony in Oslo. Professor Maathai, also Kenya #39;s deputy environment minister, is the first African woman 
Space Station Crew May Have to Return Home (AP) AP - Echoing what NASA officials said a day earlier, a Russian space official on Friday said the two-man crew on the international space station could be forced to return to Earth if a planned resupply flight cannot reach them with food supplies later this month.
Spam e-mails tempt net shoppers \Computer users continue to ignore warnings about spam and are being lured into buying goods, a report suggests.
Spam e-mails tempt net shoppers People continue to ignore warnings about spam and are being lured into buying goods, a report suggests.
IBM Product to Challenge Data Storage Leader EMC  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday will take  aim at the heart of data storage equipment leader EMC Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=EMC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;EMC.N&lt;/A&gt; market with a product that will allow EMC buyers to  switch to IBM.
HP Rolls Out Ultra-Low Priced PC in China  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's number-two PC maker, said on Friday it has launched a  3,999 yuan (\$483) computer in China, turning up the heat in the  intensely competitive market.
Yahoo to Begin Testing Desktop Search in January  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc. said on Thursday it  will begin testing a free desktop search service in early  January, following rivals hoping to extend the reach of wildly  profitable search-related advertising.
Atkins Gets Tech-Savvy to Reach More Dieters  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. dieters will soon be able to  count their carbs on mobile phones, the company behind the  Atkins Diet said on Thursday.
Bomb Blast Kills Six in Pakistan' Quetta -- Police (Reuters) Reuters - At least six people were\killed and nine wounded when a powerful bomb exploded near an\army truck in Pakistan's southwestern city of Quetta on Friday,\police said.
Opec 'ready to agree output cut' Opec looks set to agree a cut in the rampant quota-busting, which its members say has caused oil prices to fall in recent months.
Six die in Pakistan bomb blast At least six people die and a number of others are hurt in a bomb explosion in the Pakistani city of Quetta.
China #39;s Jet Fuel Supplier Gets Extension SINGAPORE - China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp., the company that supplies most of China #39;s jet fuel, was granted a six-week extension Friday for a restructuring plan following massive trading losses, a company lawyer said.
Home loans healthy The share of California homeowners behind on their mortgages in the third quarter slid to the lowest level in 25 years, according to a mortgage industry report.
Space crew cuts down food, awaits resupply Astronaut Leroy Chiao is instructed to return by the flight controllers because of a food shortage on the international space station.
Desktop search avalanche looming Microsoft, Yahoo and Ask Jeeves are all set to jump into the desktop search space, two months after internet search leader Google offered a test version 
Most browser pop-ups open to hijack Security researchers have warned of a vulnerability in most web browsers that could let scammers launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted websites.
Edwards, Nugent earn awards LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. - Michigan #39;s Braylon Edwards took the Biletnikoff Award for best wide receiver, and Ohio State #39;s Mike Nugent won the Lou Groza Award for best kicker when college football #39;s top awards were announced last night.
Teenager Answers Charges in Turkey-Throwing Case Striding purposefully but with his head down, Ryan Cushing, the Huntington teenager accused of throwing a turkey that severely injured a passing driver last month, was 
Planet under Attack, Says Nobel Peace Winner Nobel Peace Prize laureate Wangari Maathai was today set to warn that the planet is under attack from a litany of threats, ranging from disease, deforestation and war, and urge a shift in human thinking to save the earth.
SF accused of giving DUP veto over nationalist ministers The SDLP has accused Sinn Fin of giving the Democratic Unionist Party a veto over the decisions of nationalist ministers as part of the deal to restore power-sharing.
OPEC Agrees to Stamp Out Excess Supply &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Edmund Blair and Barbara Lewis&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Friday agreed to\stamp out excess supply that has lowered world prices from\record highs.&lt;/p&gt;
OECD Index Dips for U.S., Japan (Reuters) Reuters - The economic outlook for the United\States and Japan weakened slightly in October, but prospects\for the Eurozone improved slightly, according to an early\warning indicator issued by OECD on Friday.
Wall St. Expected to Open Slightly Lower  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to open  slightly lower on Friday but United Technologies Corp. may  climb after its chief executive gave an upbeat outlook.
OPEC Agrees to Stamp Out Excess Supply  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Friday agreed to  stamp out excess supply that has lowered world prices from  record highs.
Stocks to Watch on Friday, December 10  UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UTX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UTX.N&lt;/A&gt;:
OECD Index Dips for U.S., Japan  PARIS (Reuters) - The economic outlook for the United  States and Japan weakened slightly in October, but prospects  for the Eurozone improved slightly, according to an early  warning indicator issued by OECD on Friday.
Pizza chief wants slice of insurance market The businessman, who has made his fortune through investing in pizzas and pubs, is at the head of a consortium buying four closed life insurance businesses, including Pearl Life, for 1 billion from HHG.
US wants Dodge SUV, pickup recall Federal safety regulators have told DaimlerChrysler to recall 600,000 of the most popular vehicles on the road -- the Dodge Durango SUV and the Dodge Dakota pickup truck -- due to problems with front-end ball joints.
Philips Raises EU550 Mln Selling Atos Origin Shares (Update3) Royal Philips Electronics NV, Europe #39;s largest maker of televisions, raised 550 million euros (\$729 million) by selling more than half of its stake in Atos Origin SA, France #39;s No.
Microsoft contests patent infringement decision An appeals court should throw out a \$500m (260m) patent infringement judgement against Microsoft because a lower court failed to recognise that the patent was not invented by the company awarded the money, a Microsoft lawyer claimed yesterday.
Sharon moves to form new coalition after crushing opponents of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.
Torture at Guantanamo Bay Described An Australian detainee held at the American base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba has provided a detailed account of torture in a sworn statement.
First US commercial flight in 30 years lands in Vietnam HO CHI MINH CITY, VIETNAM - The first US passenger jet to fly to Vietnam since the war ended almost 30 years ago landed in Ho Chi Minh City Friday.
Sprint, Nextel Shares Up on Merger Talk Shares of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. jumped again on Friday as the telephone companies continued negotiations on a merger that would combine the No.
Ford President and Vice-Chairman to retire in February NEW YORK, December 10 (newratings.com) - Ford Motor Company (FMC1.FSE) announced yesterday the resignation of its president, Sir Nicholas V Scheele, and Vice-Chairman, Allan Gilmour, early next year.
US Consumer Sentiment Up in December US consumer sentiment rose in early December, according to a survey released on Friday, as consumers reacted positively to lower prices at the gas pump.
Mobile Phone Users Double Since 2000 Worldwide mobile phone subscribers totalled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year (about one quarter of the world #39;s population), according to the International Telecommunication Union.
No sequel to Shrek 2 until 2007 Ogre-sized fans of Shrek 3 will have to wait a bit longer as it #39;s been delayed for six months until 2007. The change of release was ordered by film bosses at the Dreamworks studio.
Winn-Dixie forces out president In a surprise shake-up, struggling supermarket chain Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. of Jacksonville forced out president and chief executive Frank Lazaran and named Peter L. Lynch, a former Albertsons Inc.
General Motors Europe to axe 12,000 jobs General Motors (GM) is following through with plans to axe 12,000 jobs in the loss-making European division as the car giant bids to trim operating costs by 350 million-a-year.
Southwest Air Outlines Bid Southwest Airlines (LUV:NYSE - news - research) Friday said it will offer more than \$100 for certain assets of ATA Holdings #39; (ATAHQ:Nasdaq - news - research)ATA Airlines in a forthcoming bankruptcy court auction.
Airbus to sell A350 as rival to Boeing Dreamliner Airbus has been given the go-ahead by its shareholders EADS and BAE Systems to market the A350, a new wide-body aircraft that will be a direct rival to Boeings 7E7 Dreamliner.
Ameritrade customer trading up 26 pct in Nov. Online brokerage Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday that customer stock trading activity surged 26 percent during November, and has risen 
Agency seeks recall of 600,000 Dodge trucks WASHINGTON - Federal safety regulators want 600,000 Dodge Durangos and Dakota trucks recalled because their wheels could fall off, but the auto maker doesnt believe the defect is dangerous, a company spokesman said.
Introgen Sells Additional Shares Introgen Therapeutics Inc. reported Friday that it raised an additional \$7.8 million from the same European institutional investors with whom it placed shares Wednesday.
Disease risk stops Falluja return Sewage and rabid animals are hindering the return of refugees to the battered Iraqi city, the US military says.
Thomson to Back Both Blu-ray and HD-DVD Company, one of the core backers of Blu-ray, will also support its rival format. Thomson, one of the core backers of the Blu-ray Disc format for high-definition video discs, plans to offer players supporting 
Napster and Dwango Sign Deal for Mobile Ringtones The Napster Mobile service will launch in the US and Canada in 2005 and will utilize a special Napster interface. Users will be able to download ringtones and earn credits redeemable on Napster PC-based service at the same time.
ISS Crew Counts Calories as Food Supply Runs Low With food stores running low, the two astronauts living aboard the International Space Station (ISS) are cutting back their meal intake and awaiting a critical cargo delivery expected to arrive on Dec. 25.
Yahoo! Enters Desktop Search Realm December 10, 2004. Making clear its intention to stay a player in the search wars, Yahoo! announced plans this morning to introduce a free, high-speed desktop search tool after the first of the year.
NASA telescopes finds dust rings around planet-bearing stars For the first time, scientists have found rings of dust around planet-bearing stars an important confirmation of theories about how planets form, NASA has announced.
UC researchers discover deep tremors under San Andreas Fault BERKELEY, Calif. Scientists at UC Berkeley say tremors deep under the San Andreas Fault may help them predict future earthquakes. The head of the Berkeley Seismological Laboratory says the tremors were detected 
Sony Says All Systems Go for PSP Launch Handheld gaming device debuts in Japan this weekend, but won #39;t be available in US until next year. Sony Computer Entertainment is ready for the long-awaited launch of its PSP (PlayStation Portable) device 
Monkeys stock their tool-kit MONKEYS use tools to dig up roots, crack seeds and dig insects from holes in trees, scientists have found, contradicting the traditional idea that humans are nature #39;s only tool-makers.
Cisco turns 20 When Cisco Systems unveiled its latest and greatest network router in May, it trumpeted the event as a watershed. Having grown from start-up to industry behemoth over the past two decades, the company claimed 
-Posted by dan.farber  7:29 am (PDT) Ross Mayfield has an interesting take on the Lenovo/IBM deal and bringing open source to the desktop in his blog... I believe their commoditization strategy is more than hardware.
British GP: Good news for Silverstone, bad news for Goodwood In his infinite wisdom, Bernie Ecclestone has rescheduled the 2005 British Grand Prix in order that it does not clash with the Men #39;s Final at Wimbledon.
Els suffers home course humbling Tournament favourite Ernie Els endured a nightmare run on the back nine on Friday to slide down the leaderboard at the Dunhill Championship.
Wenger keeps Arsenals keepers, unsure about Ljungberg on Sunday Arsenals manager Arsene Wenger assured of his faith in both keepers Jens Lehmann and Manuel Almunia two days before Sunday #39;s match against Chelsea at Highbury.
Hughes still has master #39;s touch BRADLEY HUGHES returned to Huntingdale after a six-year hiatus to remind everyone why he was once considered the next big thing of Australian golf.
Battle for supremacy A coherent argument can usually be made in support of the view that the World Cup doesn #39;t really begin until the knock-out stages get going.
Major salary rollback offered by players union One professional hockey player says the NHL players #39; association offer to end a lockout is a lot of money out of a guy #39;s pocket to be giving up.
Pacer-turned-spinner Kumble betters Kapil #39;s 434-wkt tally (PROFILE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sports India, Cricket: New Delhi, Dec 10 : For a person, who bowled fast before switching to leg-spin, Anil Kumble has travelled a long way to become India #39;s top wicket taker in Tests Friday taking his 435th scalp against Bangladesh.
Moyes insists nothing changed despite Everton revolution Few would have believed that Everton would enter Saturday #39;s 200th Merseyside derby with Liverpool seeking second place in the premier league.
O #39;Rourke more then stats and hairstyles Soccer is a sport with a field 80 yards wide by 120 yards long, and 22 players running for 90 minutes. Often times the only players that stand out are the ones that put up  #39;big #39; numbers, scoring goals and setting up others.
Taiwan poll to shape China ties Taiwan votes on Saturday to choose a new parliament in a ballot that could shape its future relations with China.
NATO will enlarge Iraq training mission BRUSSELS The North Atlantic Treaty Organization agreed to enlarge from 60 to 300 the number of personnel stationed in Baghdad to train Iraqi soldiers, but not before there was a contentious discussion with the foreign ministers of six countries that 
Pakistan bomb kills at least 10 At least 10 people have been killed and at least 18 others wounded after a bomb exploded near an army truck in Quetta, southwestern Pakistan, police and hospital sources say.
US changes course to back Annan THE US has switched direction on the future of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, announcing yesterday it supported his tenure and was not calling for his resignation.
Darfur talks to seek political deal amid fighting Sudanese officials and Darfur rebels arrived in Nigeria on Friday for talks on a political deal to end two years of conflict in the vast desert region which observers say is slipping deeper into chaos.
Erdogan Rebuffs EU Plea for Gesture on Cyprus Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan rebuffed a European Commission plea on Friday to make a gesture toward recognition of Cyprus before EU leaders decide next week on opening membership talks with Ankara.
Taking the peace  #39;should #39;. This year they seem to have foundered on a photograph. In 2003, Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams said the Provisional 
Iraqi kidnappers release South Asian hostages Kidnappers have released two truck drivers, one from Bangladesh and the other from Sri Lanka, after holding them hostage in Iraq for more than a month.
Israeli fire 'kills girl' in Gaza A Palestinian girl is reported killed by Israeli fire, hours after mortars aimed at a Jewish enclave hurt four.
Wholesale Prices Rise in November Wholesale prices climbed by 0.5 percent in November  --  an improvement compared with the previous month's surge, but still fresh evidence that inflation is picking up as the economy gains momentum.
Agency Seeks Recalls of Durango, Dakota Federal safety regulators want 600,000 Dodge Durangos and Dakota trucks recalled because their wheels could fall off, but the auto maker doesn't believe the defect is dangerous, a company spokesman said.
Delphi to Cut 8,500 Jobs Delphi Corp., the world's largest automotive supplier, said Friday it would cut 8,500 jobs next year.
BT board rejig follows Danon exit BT finance chief Ian Livingston will replace former  retail head Paul Danon at the UK telecoms giant, the company announces.
France to launch global TV news The French prime minister says a French-language satellite TV news channel will be launched next year.
2D Metal Slug offers retro fun Like some drill sergeant from the past, Metal Slug 3 is a wake-up call to today's gamers molly-coddled with slick visuals and fancy trimmings.
The Three Kings of Wireless One way or the other, the U.S. wireless phone industry is headed for further consolidation. Reports yesterday that Nextel and Sprint are in merger talks had Wall Street swooning and consumer advocates worrying. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Illicit Cameraphone Clicks Could Mean Jail Camera phones may make great Christmas gifts, but people better not use them for peeping-Tom photos on federal property.
Microsoft Helps in Bogus Degrees Case Some sleuthing by software giant Microsoft Corp. helped track down two brothers who authorities say sold bogus college degrees over the Internet, including an MBA that was issued to a housecat.
Terrorists Explore Lasers as Weapons, U.S. Warns Federal officials are concerned that terrorists could try to down aircraft by blinding pilots with laser beams during landing approaches.
Kit Automates Holiday Lights It's a chore that can quickly chill the warmth of the holiday season: Trudging outside each winter night to unplug the lights, deflate the blowup snowman and shut off the rest of the outdoor extravaganza.
Plight of India's tribal peoples India's drive to adopt a western economic model is threatening those who make their living from the jungle.
Hockey labour talks to continue next week Toronto - Thursday #39;s meeting between the NHL and the NHL Players #39; Association wrapped up after nearly four hours with the two sides agreeing to meet again.
Philip Morris Hikes Cigarette Prices (Reuters) Reuters - Philip Morris USA cut wholesale\discounts on its best-selling Marlboro cigarettes and three\other brands, a spokeswoman said on Friday, effectively raising\prices for the first time in more than two-and-a-half years.
Blast kills 10 in southwestern Pakistan At least 10 people were killed and 21 others wounded in a powerful bomb blast Friday in Quetta, capital of Pakistan #39;s southwestern Baluchistan province, state-run Pakistan TV reported.
Legal Fight Menaces Aircraft Debt Ratings (Reuters) Reuters - Standard   Poor's on Friday said\ratings on about  #36;30 billion of aircraft-backed debt could be\threatened if creditors lost a legal dispute with bankrupt UAL\Corp.  unit United Airlines over the right to\repossess aircraft.
Southwest to enter bidding for bankrupt ATA DALLAS - Southwest Airlines Co. says it is bidding at least \$100 million for gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport and other assets of ATA Airlines Inc.
Thomson Hedges Bets, Supports HD-DVD and Blu-ray Media giant Thomson announced today that it is supporting both next-generation DVD formats, and will manufacture both HD DVD and Blu-ray DVD disks through its Camarillo-based Technicolor business.
Three firms to bid for Yukos unit Two little-known firms will join Russia gas monopoly Gazprom in the auction for the key unit of stricken oil giant Yukos, federal authorities say.
Sun executive reveals NAS strategy Sun Microsystems plans to beef up its NAS (network-attached storage) product line with support for utility computing and its new zettabyte file system (ZFS), according to an executive of the company's network storage products group.
In Brief: Cisco acquires startup BCN Systems Cisco Systems has finalized an agreement to purchase privately held BCN Systems, a provider of networking software design. Under the terms of the agreement, Cisco will pay approximately \$34 million in cash for BCN. The price could increase by as much as \$122 million if BCN meets certain development and product milestones. BCN's architecture will be incorporated across Cisco's broad routing portfolio and will support Cisco's delivery of next-generation data, voice, and video services over a converged network.
Vodafone to link with Boeing in-flight Internet Vodafone Group will start Internet roaming trials this month with Connexion by Boeing, The Boeing Co.'s in-flight broadband Internet service, the companies said Thursday.
2005 to be the busiest season ever The FIA have confirmed an unprecedented 19-race schedule for the 2005 Formula One season. All of the 2004 races have been retained, with Turkey joining the calendar for the first time.
Kumble delight over record feat Anil Kumble was thrilled after becoming the leading Indian Test wicket-taker on the first day of the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
Indiana soccer coach tries to extend Yeagley #39;s legacy CARSON, Calif. Indiana University #39;s men #39;s soccer team goes up against third-seeded Maryland in a semifinal of the NCAA Men #39;s College Cup tonight in Carson, California.
Mainland inflation slows to 2.8pc easing rate rise fears Mainland inflation eased in November as food prices slowed their climb. The consumer price index (CPI) rose 2.8 per cent from November 2003, the smallest year-on-year increase since February #39;s 2.1 per cent, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
Molson, Coors Set January Merger Vote, Hire BMO to Get Ballots Molson Inc. and Adolph Coors Co. plan to hold shareholders votes on their merger to create the world #39;s fifth-biggest brewer on Jan. 19 and hired Bank of Montreal #39;s securities arm to persuade investors to cast ballots.
Altria hikes cigarette prices Philip Morris USA, a division of Manhattan #39;s Altria Group and the largest US maker of cigarettes, announced Friday that it will cut discounts on its Marlboro, Virginia Slims, Basic and Parliament brands--the first time in two years the company has 
To the beat of drums, African woman receives Nobel Peace Prize The first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize, environmental activist Wangari Maathai, received her award Friday to the beat of drums and 
Greeks grease palms, expect drop in graft The state health service, political parties, tax officials and the media top Greeks list of perceived corruption, according to a global survey published yesterday by the Transparency International graft watchdog.
EU chief backs Turkey #39;s bid, but warns over Cyprus The European Commission voiced support for Turkey #39;s bid to join the EU Friday and expressed hope for a  quot;positive outcome quot; at a summit next week, but warned that recognition of Cyprus is crucial to Ankara #39;s hopes.
Violence flares in Kashmir NEW DELHI - At least two Indian policemen have been killed and five wounded in a Muslim rebel attack on their camp in Kashmir. Two of the wounded are in critical condition, according to police.
Sony Says All Systems Go for PSP Launch Handheld gaming device debuts in Japan this weekend, but won't be available in U.S. until next year.
Thomson to Back Both Blu-ray and HD-DVD Company, one of the core backers of Blu-ray, will also support its rival format.
Microsoft Readies Windows Server 2003 Update R2, an interim release, will begin beta testing later this month.
Auburn Keeps Faith After being left out of the Orange Bowl, Auburn coach Tommy Tuberville hopes a Sugar Bowl win over Virginia Tech can earn his Tigers a share of the national title.
Thomson to Support Next-Generation DVD Formats Short for high definition-DVD, a generic term for the technology of recording high-definition video on a DVD. In general, HD-DVD is capable of storing between two and four times as much data as standard DVD.
Napster Branches Into Ringtones Los Angeles-based Napster, the online music division of Roxio, announced that the company is making a foray into the downloadable ringtone market in a deal with Dwango Wireless, a publisher of mobile entertainment content.
Microsoft Preps Five Windows Patches Microsoft #39;s monthly patch day for December will produce security updates for five vulnerabilities affecting Windows users, the company said Thursday.
We #39;ll never let Gerrard leave FORGET any transfer bids for Steven Gerrard - that #39;s the cry from Liverpool chief executive Rick Parry. The midfielder fuelled speculation that a move was imminent when he stated earlier this week that the club must start winning things to keep him.
Going head to head at Williams Two drivers - Antonio Pizzonia and Nick Heidfeld -re chasing the final seat at the BMW Williams team and as everyone knows, two into one simply does not go.
It's Crunch Time for Biotech Companies Washington area biotech companies will face pivotal moments this year, finding out whether key products work before money dries up, fending off competition from bigger companies,  and, perhaps filing to go public.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
OPEC to Cut Production After Six-Week Price Decline (Update3) OPEC, producer of more than a third of the world #39;s oil, agreed to cut output by about 4 percent to end the biggest six-week drop in prices since demand collapsed after the September 2001 attacks on the US.
Foods tycoon buys assurance funds Food and drinks entrepreneur Hugh Osmond has bought four life assurance funds for 1bn (\$1.97bn). Mr Osmond has purchased the brands - Pearl Assurance, NPI, London Life and Provident Life - from financial services group HHG.
Napster #39;s mobile market plans The company has formed an agreement with mobile developer and publisher Dwango Wireless to launch the service - Napster Mobile - across the US and Canada in 2005.
Free Yahoo X1 desktop search p2pnet.net News:- Yahoo says it #39;ll enter the desktop search stakes in the New Year, joining Google, Ask Jeeves, Microsoft #39;s MSN and AOL.
Microsoft Readies Windows Server 2003 Update Microsoft has started recruiting testers for the first beta of Windows Server 2003 R2, an update to Windows Server that the vendor plans to ship in October next year.
Think Again? Maybe with its relative distance from Microsoft, Lenovo will feel free to do what domestic PC makers don #39;t: aggressively make and market Linux desktops and laptops.
Growth in Government Specialty Work Federal spending on contractors is expected to grow more quickly than it has historically in 2005, with contractors that specialize in technology services growing the most according to experts. &lt;br&gt; &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Iraqi abductors release Bangladeshi truck driver Iraqi kidnappers have released a Bangladeshi truck driver after holding him hostage for more than a month, a foreign ministry official said on Friday.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: SEO Thoughts on Google - Yahoo! Local Listings - New Program - User Reviews and Local Search Optimization - Data Providers: The Engine That Drives Local Search - Google Affiliates Update - Confessions of a White Hat Content Spammer: What I've Learned by Ignoring Google
Winn-Dixie Ousts CEO Frank Lazaran Struggling grocery giant Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. forced out president and chief executive Frank Lazaran on Friday and named Peter L. Lynch, a former Albertsons Inc.
Airbus shareholders approve launch of new A350 to rival Boeing 7E7 Shareholders in Airbus SAS have approved the launch of a new A350 passenger jet to rival Boeing Co. #39;s 7E7, a spokesman for Airbus parent EADS said Friday.
Can an Aging Mercenary Ever Go Home? My guess is that no relationship has made Bill Parcells, the quintessential North Jersey guy, as happy as the one he found next door, with the Giants.
Space station astronauts told to ration food Two astronauts face a not-so-merry Christmas after being told to ration their food and hope a cargo ship with extra supplies docks on December 26.
Despite All the Criticism, the B.C.S. Has Produced a Classic Matchup On Tuesday night, when No. 1 Southern California and No. 2 Oklahoma meet in the Orange Bowl, all the foibles about the B.C.S. will move to the background.
Auburn Trustee Boosts Everyone, Including the Chaplain Why would Bobby Lowder invest so much money into Auburn University and have so many ties to the football team's chaplain?
Reality of Steelers Puts a Quick End to the Bills' Dream Buffalo's offense, which had led the way to six straight victories, was inefficient in a defeat to Pittsburgh.
Q amp;A: Berlusconi trial Italy is awaiting the verdict in the long-running corruption trial of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. In this guide we examine what is at stake.
Iraqi militants free Sri Lankan, Bangladeshi hostages Iraqi militants have released a Sri Lankan truck driver and his Bangladeshi colleague after holding them hostage for 43 days, the foreign ministry said Friday.
Rams and Jets Find Playoff Berths Behind Door No. 1 The Jets are taking uncertainty - more than anything else - into the postseason. They will play the Chargers in an A.F.C. wild-card game on Saturday.
Gemstar-TV Guide Taps Fox Executive as CEO Television listings company Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. has named a Fox Entertainment Group vice president, Rich Battista, as chief executive, succeeding Jeff Shell, who resigned.
Ameritrade Posts November Client Trades Ameritrade Holding Corp., a provider of brokerage services for individual investors, said Friday that daily average client trades in November reached 183,000, with 29,000 new accounts opened during the month.
Philip Morris Eases Discounts, Ups Prices Philip Morris, a unit of Altria Group Inc. (MO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , told wholesalers on Thursday it would reduce its  quot;off-invoice quot; discounts to \$5.50 a carton from \$6.50, a move that 
Putin: Iraq Still Too Dangerous for Russian Firms (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq is still too dangerous for Russian\companies to work there, President Vladimir Putin was quoted as\saying on Friday.
McGrady's Flurry Sends Rockets Past Spurs (AP) AP - Tracy McGrady let fly with a running 3-pointer with 1.7 seconds left, capping a one-man rally in the final minute to send the Houston Rockets past the San Antonio Spurs 81-80 Thursday night.
Palestinian Girl Killed in Gaza Strip, Medics Say (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead a 7-year-old\Palestinian girl in a Gaza refugee camp on Friday, medics said,\after militants wounded four Israelis in a mortar attack on a\nearby Jewish settlement.
Bomb Kills 10, Injures 20 in Pakistani City (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful bomb exploded near\an army truck in the southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta on\Friday, killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 20,\officials said.
Search Rushes to the Desktop Late Wednesday night, Yahoo (Quote, Chart) unveiled plans to debut a beta version of Yahoo Desktop Search in the coming weeks. At the same time, Ask Jeeves (Quote, Chart) confirmed to internetnews.
Oracle Enterprise Content Management (ECM) Oracle #39;s Tsunami hits the shore, but is it making waves? Today they have announced the launch of their new Enterprise Content Management (ECM) technology, Oracle(R) Files 10g.
South Korean soap opera boosting tourism from Japan, says thinktank (AFP) AFP - A South Korean soap opera called "Winter Sonata" -- whose leading actor Bae Yong-Joon is hugely popular with middle-aged Japanese women -- is generating 1.1 billion dollars for Seoul through increased tourism business, a thinktank said Friday.
Is The Tide Shifting On The Mersey? How bad were Everton last season? On the last day, with 39 points, they travelled to Manchester City, who had 38. Any other year this would have been a straight battle for survival, with the losers going down.
Spain coach faces investigation Spain #39;s Anti-Violence Commission have asked the country #39;s football federation to open a disciplinary case against national team coach Luis Aragones.
Sale nearly set for NBA Cavaliers (AFP) AFP - Cleveland Cavaliers owner Gordon Gund is involved in contract talks to sell the National Basketball Association team, which has become a top NBA contender behind second-year star LeBron James.
Mubarak Denies Israel Deal, Envoy's Return (AP) AP - President Hosni Mubarak said reports of a deal with Israel were exaggerated and denied that the Egyptian ambassador would soon return to Tel Aviv, a leading newspaper reported Friday.
Finley to Remain in Southern Calif., with Angels (Reuters) Reuters - The Anaheim Angels have\reportedly agreed to a contract with veteran free-agent\outfielder Steve Finley.
Egyptian police block solidarity group accompanying aid to Palestinians (AFP) AFP - Members of an international solidarity group trying accompanying humanitarian assistance to the Gaza Strip abandoned their trip after a standoff with security forces, a member of the group said.
BREAKDOWN: Dolphins vs. Broncos The Dolphins haven #39;t had a 100-yard rusher all season, but the odds of TB Travis Minor reaching that mark are improved now that impressive rookie RG Rex Hadnot has replaced Taylor Whitley in the starting lineup.
Police charge Toronto doctor with 46 counts of sexual assault (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A Toronto doctor was been charged with 46 counts of sexual assault after some of his female patients alleged he touched them inappropriately during physical exams, police said Friday.
MSN Search Engine - Searching for ways to make Redmond rise again MSN Search Engine - Searching for ways to make Redmond rise again\\What would you do if you were tasked with designing a new search engine? You have all the resources the world can offer and the certain knowledge that your project is so important to your employer that mountains, molehills, ...
Laptop Usage Can Lead to Low Sperm Count and Infertility Laptop Usage Can Lead to Low Sperm Count and Infertility\\Laptops may be one of the most useful inventions in the world, even more useful than TiVo and Jiffy Pop. However, a quite frightening study was released yesterday that linked laptop usage to infertility in males. The study, released by the ...
Sentiment Strong in December Consumer attitudes showed more signs of improvement heading into the holidays as an early reading on consumer sentiment in December beat expectations.
Kenya to repossess illegal land Kenya says it  has started to repossess millions of hectares of land acquired illegally since independence in 1963.
IEA trims 2005 world oil demand growth forecast PARIS (AFP) - The International Energy Agency trimmed its forecast for growth in global oil demand next year but warned that prices were likely to remain high and dismissed producer fears of a sharp fall as  quot;overstated.
Sprint, Nextel May Merge With a combined 38.5 million customers, the new company formed by a Sprint and Nextel merger would move closer to frontrunner Cingular, which now has some 47 million customers following its 
First direct flight from US to Vietnam since 1975 has landed HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam The last time a US passenger plane landed there, it was Saigon. Today, the first US commercial flight to Vietnam in nearly 30 years arrived in Ho Chi Minh City.
Wholesale Prices Rise in November an improvement compared with the previous month #39;s surge, but still fresh evidence that inflation is picking up as the economy gains momentum.
Hooray for Blu-Ray! If there was ever a time to feel sorry for a corporate titan like Sony (NYSE: SNE) it may have been last month when rival movie studios announced that they would be supporting Toshiba #39;s HD-DVD technology in upcoming releases over the promising Blu-ray 
Astronauts Await Vital Christmas Food Package The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station have been put on a diet because they are running out of food, it emerged today.
Cisco turns 20 com December 10, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. When Cisco Systems unveiled its latest and greatest network router in May, it trumpeted the event as a watershed.
Ericsson Gets China, South Africa Deals Ericsson said Friday that it received contracts to build wireless communications networks in China and South Africa. China Telecom Corp.
Adware War Heading to Federal Court Is all fair in love, war and adware? A federal court may help decide - as far as adware goes, at least - in a case involving software from one company uninstalling a rival #39;s computer code.
Turkey joins 19-race Formula One schedule A record 19-race calendar was approved Friday for the 2005 Formula One season, with the Turkish Grand Prix joining the lineup. The British, French and San Marino races remain after facing cancellation threats.
Gustafsson Turns Up Heat on Challengers Unknown Swedish blond Peter Gustafsson manufactured a crafty early-morning 68 to take an unexpected two-shot lead into Saturdays third round of the Dunhill Challenge at the Leopard Creek Golf Club.
Wenger ruling out goalkeeper swoop LONDON, England -- Arsene Wenger has ruled out a January transfer swoop for Australia #39;s Mark Schwarzer or any of the other goalkeepers he has been linked with.
Rejuvenated Hughes leads Australian Masters by four strokes Two-time winner Bradley Hughes, boosted by a new relaxed approach to his game, led the Australian Masters by four strokes after completing rounds of 64 and 66 on Friday for a 14-under-par 130.
Utah State hire Brent Guy as football coach Guy, a former Utah State assistant coach from 1992-94, has spent the last four seasons as the defensive coordinator and linebackers coach at Arizona State.
Bomb Kills Soldiers, Civilians in Pakistan An apparent terrorist bombing in southwestern Pakistan has killed at least nine people and injured a dozen others. Police say a bomb attached to an abandoned bicycled explode at a crowded 
Woman, 79, Accused of Cocaine Smuggling (AP) AP - A 79-year-old woman has been caught attempting to smuggle heroin out of Colombia on a flight to New York, police said Friday.
Court: certificates used to detain suspected terrorists are constitutional (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Security certificates used to detain suspected terrorists like Adil Charkaoui are constitutional, the Federal Court of Appeal ruled Friday.
Hunts 'to meet legally' after ban More than 250 hunts will meet legally the day after the ban on hunting with dogs comes into force, campaigners say.
OPEC Cut Will Be 1 Million Barrels per Day Iraq isn #39;t part of its quota system -- pump about 1.1 million barrels a day over their agreed 27 million barrels a day target, leaving them room to cut production without adjusting the target.
First US flight to Vietnam for 30 years For the first time since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, a US passenger jet landed in Vietnam today. United Airlines Flight 869 took off from San Francisco yesterday and arrived in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly 
Automotive supplier Delphi to cut 8500 jobs in 2005 (Detroit-AP) Dec. 10, 2004 - The world #39;s largest automotive supplier says it will slash 8500 jobs next year. Delphi had set the same goal for this year and exceeded it.
Southwest to bid for ATA assets Low-cost airline said it will bid at least \$100 million for assets of bankrupt ATA Airlines. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southwest Airlines said Friday it will bid at least \$100 million for certain assets of bankrupt 
Producer Price Gain Bigger Than Expected US producer prices climbed an unexpectedly steep 0.5 percent last month as energy costs mounted, according to a government report on Friday that buttressed the case for interest-rate rises to keep inflation at bay.
Wireless Internet Napster Enters Ringtone Market Music download sewvice Napster will try to claim a piece of the growing market for mobile phone ringtones through a partnership with Dwango Wireless, which specializes in wireless content.
Cisco Expands Router Offerings with BCN Buy Cisco will pay approximately US\$34 million in cash for all outstanding equity interests of BCN. In addition, the acquisition price may be increased by as much as \$122 million depending on 
Two adware firms battling in court As millions of computer users try to deal with the scourge of adware and other nefarious online marketing programs, two purveyors of the technology are battling in a Seattle court.
Notre Dame Eyes Clements, Weis Two NFL offensive coordinators, the Buffalo Bills #39; Tom Clements and the New England Patriots #39; Charlie Weis, have become focal points of Notre Dame #39;s head-coaching search.
Dallas Mavericks Team Report - December 10 (Sports Network) - The Dallas Mavericks were knocked off by the Seattle SuperSonics, 107-102, at American Airlines Center. Dirk Nowitzki tallied 27 points and seven rebounds for the Mavs, who have dropped two of three.
Sharon, Bolstered by Vote, Reaches Out to Labor Party Prime Minister Ariel Sharon phoned the leader of the Labor Party, Shimon Peres, this morning and asked him to begin talks on forming a coalition government, Israel Radio reported.
19 Iraqis Killed in Car Bombing Insurgents pressed their campaign against Iraqi security forces, killing 18 members of the Iraqi National Guard and a civilian.
Bring that Guy back Logan, UT (Sports Network) - Brent Guy, a former Utah State assistant, has been named the 25th head coach of the Aggies. Guy, who coached the Utah State linebackers from 1992-94, has spent the last four seasons 
Powell Bids Nostalgic Farewell to NATO Secretary of State Colin Powell bid a nostalgic farewell on Thursday to the NATO Western security alliance he first served as platoon commander facing down the Soviet army 46 years ago.
Shia leader Sadrs movement insists on Iraq election boycott BAGHDAD - Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada Sadrs movement will not participate in the national Iraqi elections due on January 30, Sadrs senior assistant asserted on Friday.
Petrol price cut sparks pump war The fall in crude oil prices has begun to reach UK consumers, with supermarket Morrisons sparking a potential price war in the run up to Christmas.
Types of Investors: Which Are You? Learn a little about yourself, and it may improve your performance.
Yahoo Searches Desktops, Too Catching up to Google, Yahoo unleashes a desktop search tool  Also: IBM makes move in data storage market   hellip;.  HP makes cheap computer with rural Chinese appeal   hellip;. and more.
US Jet Flight to Vietnam Makes History United Airlines Flight 869, from San Francisco, arrived in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon, at shortly after 10:00 pm Friday (10 am EST).
Airbus owners approve A350 to compete with Boeing #39;s 7E7 The owners of Airbus approved the launch of a new A350 passenger jet Friday to rival Boeing #39;s 7E7, a spokesman for Airbus parent EADS said.
Van Der Moolen Specialists CEO Retires Dutch investment firm Van der Moolen Holding NV on Friday said James P. Cleaver Jr. will retire as chairman and chief executive of Van der Moolen Specialists USA LLC at the end of the month.
Cisco Buys Network Design Firm For \$34 Million BCN Systems #39; routing architecture will be used to to speed development of converged networks for data, voice, and video. By Networking Pipeline News.
Players offer to slash 24 from salaries The NHL Players #39; Association handed the NHL a strong proposal Thursday it believes can not only salvage the season but more importantly address all of the league #39;s economic issues.
Zajec Targets Hat-Trick Velimir Zajec aims to register a hat-trick of Barclaycard Premiership victories for Portsmouth at Newcastle tomorrow. And if it had all been within the same calendar month the man 
A tale of two  #39;warriors #39; Irfan Pathan is raw and animated; Anil Kumble is polished and low key. Pathan just picked his first five-wicket haul in the Test match at Dhaka; Kumble has 28 in the bag and an Indian record for most number of wickets.
Maathai accepts Nobel Peace Prize The first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize accepted her award on Friday. She urged her audience  quot;to embrace the whole creation in all its diversity, beauty and wonder.
6-year-old killed in Gaza Israeli gunfire left a 6-year-old girl dead Friday in the Kahn Younis refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip, Palestinian medics said.
Gay Rights Activists Reassess Strategies (AP) AP - The ritual was replayed from Boston to San Francisco: Exuberant gay couples sharing marriage vows and slices of wedding cake. Gays thought barriers were finally crumbling. Then came the elections.
New Airbus planes to rival Boeing The European aircraft manufacturer Airbus today announced plans for two versions of a wide-bodied passenger jet, which will see it go head-to-head with US competitor Boeing.
ING Canada prices its shares at \$26 each in \$907M initial public &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - In one of the largest initial public stock offerings in Canada in the last few years, ING Canada Inc. is aiming to raise \$907 million in its IPO after pricing the shares at \$26 each.
Desktop search avalanche set to hit DECEMBER 10, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp., Yahoo Inc. and Ask Jeeves Inc. are all set to jump into the desktop search market, two months after Internet search leader Google Inc.
Perth home to new rugby union team MARK COLVIN: Melbourne - Australia #39;s home of Rugby Union. Doesn #39;t sound quite right, does it? And indeed this afternoon the Australian Rugby Union decided that the AFL-mad Victorian capital was not ready to 
Gustafsson Leads at Leopard Creek as Els Wilts  MALELANE, South Africa (Reuters) - Sweden's Peter  Gustafsson shot a four-under 68 to take a two-stroke lead after  the second round of the Dunhill Championship at the Leopard  Creek Country Club on Friday.
Utah State Brings That Guy Back  LOGAN, Utah (Sports Network) - Brent Guy, a former Utah  State assistant, has been named the 25th head coach of the  Aggies.
Consumers Perk Up, So Do Wholesale Prices  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. consumers cheered up in early  December, sending potentially good news to retailers during the  crucial holiday shopping season, a report showed on Friday.
OPEC Agrees Oil Supply Crackdown  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Friday agreed to  squeeze out excess supply that has lowered world prices from  record highs.
GE OKs \$15 Billion Buyback, Ups Dividend  BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer General  Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it boosted its quarterly  dividend by 10 percent and earmarked up to \$15 billion for  share repurchases over the next three years.
Philip Morris Hikes Cigarette Prices  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Philip Morris USA cut wholesale  discounts on its best-selling Marlboro cigarettes and three  other brands, a spokeswoman said on Friday, effectively raising  prices for the first time in more than two-and-a-half years.
Sprint Up, Nextel Down on Merger Talks  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Shares of Sprint Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt;  jumped on Friday as the telephone company continued merger  negotiations with Nextel Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt; for a  deal that would combine the No. 3 and No. 5 U.S. wireless  service carriers.
Legal Fight Menaces Aircraft Debt Ratings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Standard   Poor's on Friday said  ratings on about \$30 billion of aircraft-backed debt could be  threatened if creditors lost a legal dispute with bankrupt UAL  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; unit United Airlines over the right to  repossess aircraft.
SPX Board Amends Compensation Programs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - SPX Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SPW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SPW.N&lt;/A&gt; board amended its  management restricted stock and director compensation programs  the day after its chairman and chief executive resigned, the  company said on Friday.
Worst Oracle Ever Maybe things would be different for Delphi if it had the forward vision of its ancient Greek namesake.
Chrysler Recalls 98,000 Cars and SUVs DaimlerChrysler #39;s (DCX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (DCXGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) Chrysler division is recalling more than 98,000 cars and sport utility vehicles because of problems that could cause either engine compartment 
Delphi to Cut 8,500 Jobs Auto parts supplier Delphi Corp. (DPH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it plans to cut 8,500 jobs, or up to 5 percent of its work force, in 2005 because of vehicle 
Netflix Testing Networking System (AP) AP - Online DVD rental leader Netflix Inc. is putting social networking on its marquee of coming attractions for next year.
Kazaa can #39;t bar child pornographers, court told Sharman Networks - the company behind peer-to-peer file sharing outfit Kazaa - has denied it is able to block users who use the service to share child pornography.
Telecom Offers Lifetime of Unlimited Calls (AP) AP - Life expectancy is no longer a business concern merely for insurance companies and undertakers. A telecommunications company has more than a passing interest now that it offers a lifetime of unlimited calls over the Internet for  #36;999.
A 24 Per Cent Solution to the NHL Lockout? The one-time salary rollback was part of a new proposal made by the Players #39; Association in Toronto, at the first collective bargaining session since the NHL locked out the players on September 15.
Notre Dame sets sights on Weis New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis may have a golden opportunity to head to the Golden Dome. Seeking a successor to Tyrone Willingham 
Pound ends week with modest gain on dollar (AFP) AFP - Sterling remained weak after disappointing trade data as the US Dollar held firm against major currencies.
Intel, AT T in Tie-Up for Voice, Data, Wireless (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  and AT T\Corp.  have signed a research and product development\agreement covering Internet telephone technology, high-speed\wireless broadband and combination voice-data devices for\businesses, the companies said on Thursday.
Ohio High Court Rejects Bradley's Appeal (AP) AP - The Ohio Supreme Court rejected former Cleveland Indians outfielder Milton Bradley's appeal of a three-day jail sentence he received after driving away from police who were trying to give the player a speeding ticket.
Strategy guides are as hot as video games (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Video games are so popular that even books about them are selling well. Hint-filled strategy guides now can sell more than 1 million copies, and long-awaited games are being given the kind of "making of" treatment typically bestowed on blockbuster movies.
Potential Sprint, Nextel merger suggests consolidating wireless industry (AFP) AFP - Sprint and Nextel were reported to be in merger discussions for a blockbuster deal that would reduce the number of major players in the US wireless industry to four.
Berlusconi Acquitted of Corruption Charges A Milan court today acquitted Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi of corruption charges - a major victory in the billionaire business barons decade-long battle with legal woes he blamed on left-wing prosecutors.
Kenyan environmentalist wins Nobel Peace Prize The first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize was today presented with her award in Oslo against a backdrop of drums and dancers.
Bike Bomb Kills at Least 11 in Pakistan Assailants set off a powerful time bomb next to an army truck parked in a teeming outdoor market in southwestern Pakistan on Friday, killing at least 11 people and injuring 
USC's Bush to Start at Tailback (AP) AP - Reggie Bush usually comes off the bench for No. 1 Southern California. He'll start at tailback for the Trojans against Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl.
JBoss set to shine with JEMS middleware stack (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - JBoss on Monday plans to flesh out details of its open source middleware stack consisting largely of existing software technologies, with the company intending to fill out the stack over time.
In Brief: Cisco acquires startup BCN Systems (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Cisco Systems has finalized an agreement to purchase privately held BCN Systems, a provider of networking software design. Under the terms of the agreement, Cisco will pay approximately  #36;34 million in cash for BCN. The price could increase by as much as  #36;122 million if BCN meets certain development and product milestones. BCN's architecture will be incorporated across Cisco's broad routing portfolio and will support Cisco's delivery of next-generation data, voice, and video services over a converged network.
IBM's Conference Falls Short on Questions (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. took the "conference" out of conference call this week when it invited investors to "a discussion" about the sale of its personal computer business to China's largest PC maker.
U.S. iTunes Music Store now accepts PayPal (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. announced Friday that the U.S. version of its iTunes Music Store now accepts payments through PayPal, the popular electronic payment service owned by eBay. With PayPal, users can pay for their iTunes downloads using a "virtual wallet" that's linked to a credit card, bank account or stored account balance. Apple also announced that the first 500,000 customers to open a new iTunes account using PayPal as their payment method before March 31, 2005 will receive five free songs.
Company to Aid in DeLay Corruption Probe (AP) AP - A company accused in the campaign-finance investigation that has implicated associates of U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay agreed to aid prosecutors in exchange for having charges against it dropped, court papers showed.
Space Station Astronauts Told to Ration Food (Reuters) Reuters - Two astronauts face a not-so-merry\Christmas after being told to ration their food and hope a\cargo ship with extra supplies docks on Dec. 26.
Nobel Winner Maathai Sounds Alarm Over Planet (Reuters) Reuters - Saying the planet is at risk from human\activity, Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai urged\democratic reforms and an end to corporate greed when she\collected the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday.
EU Seeks More Talks on Kyoto Protocol (AP) AP - The chief European Union negotiator at a United Nations conference on climate change said new talks under consideration could allow countries to expand the ways they meet reductions in greenhouse gases mandated by the Kyoto Protocol.
Ukraine candidate placates 'foes' Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko says there will be no political witch-hunt if he becomes president.
Opposition in Ukraine eases siege KIEV -- Opposition protesters began to lift their two-week siege of Ukraine's Stalin-era Cabinet headquarters yesterday, a day after parliament adopted electoral laws to ensure a fair ballot in the repeat presidential runoff.
At New Delhi talks, India cautions Rumsfeld on Pakistan arms sales NEW DELHI -- The United States will build stronger ties with India, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld vowed yesterday, but New Delhi said proposed US arms sales to Pakistan could affect its relations with Washington.
Sharon's party votes to save Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM -- Israel's plan to pull out of Gaza next year passed a crucial test yesterday when Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, his government crippled by opposition to the withdrawal, easily won Likud Party approval to invite the dovish Labor Party into his coalition.
Death toll of 6-year conflict in Congo put at 3.8 million DAKAR, Senegal -- Six years of continuing conflict in Congo have claimed 3.8 million lives, half of them children, with most killed by disease and famine in the still largely cutoff east, according to an International Rescue Committee study that estimates the toll.
Detainee cites abuse at Guantanamo Bay UNITED STATES SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -- Prisoners at the US detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have been beaten while blindfolded and handcuffed, terrorized by attack dogs, and forced to take drugs, an Australian detainee said in an affidavit released yesterday. David Hicks, 29, was one of the first prisoners to arrive at the camp in eastern Cuba in ...
Poor Salvadorans chase 'Iraqi dream' SAN SALVADOR -- Juan Nerio, a 44-year-old mason's assistant, was sick of living in a mud hut on the side of a volcano. When he heard that an American company was offering six times his \$200 monthly wage, he signed up. Six weeks later he found himself holding an AK-47 assault rifle and guarding a US diplomatic complex in Iraq.
BBC site founder picks up OBE Mike Smartt, founder of the BBC News website, picked up his OBE at Buckingham Palace on Thursday.
British hospital sends X-rays by computer for analysis in Spain (AFP) AFP - A British hospital said it had overcome a nationwide shortage of radiologists by taking the "innovative" step of sending X-ray photographs by digital link to experts at a clinic in Spain.
U.S. Video Games Sales Up 11 Pct in Nov. &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Sales of video games rose about 11\percent in the United States in November, analysts said on\Friday, with two key titles responsible for almost 30 percent\of all games sold in the month.&lt;/p&gt;
OPEC To Cut Oil Production (CBS/AP) Juggling between its need to keep prices up without having them explode, OPEC agreed Friday to reduce its daily oil output by 1 million barrels a day - and reserved the right to cut deeper early next year if crude turns much cheaper than now.
Delphi Announces Plans to Cut 8,500 Jobs in 2005 That #39;s about one percent of the total work force for the world #39;s largest automotive supplier. The Troy, Michigan-based company had set the same goal for this year and exceeded it through attrition.
American Airlines Raises Domestic Fares American Airlines says it is raising domestic fares by \$5 one-way and \$10 per round trip to cover the high cost of jet fuel. American said Friday that the increase took effect immediately for most domestic flights as well as those to Canada.
Intel, AT amp;T in Tie-Up for Voice, Data, Wireless Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) have signed a research and product development agreement covering Internet telephone technology 
Blu-Ray or HD DVD? Both, Says Thomson  quot;The problem is that we #39;re getting into another round of format wars and until it shakes out, consumers are not likely to buy much of anything, quot; Michael Gartenberg, research director at Jupiter Media, told TechNewsWorld.
Napster to Provide Mobile Ringtones Napster, one of the world #39;s most well known music downloading services, has signed a lucrative deal with Dwango Wireless that could see a mobile phone capable of downloading ringtones from Napster by 2005.
Scientists Play Chicken A group of international researchers at Michigan State University has decoded the genome of the chicken and found that the main ingredient of McDonald #39;s (NYSE: MCD) Chicken McNuggets has a genetic 
Enterprise Windows IT Microsoft Contests Eolas Patent Infringement &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft is appealing a \$565 million judgment awarded to Eolas, a spinoff of the University of California, in a patent infringement case.
Microsoft Readies Five Security Bulletins Outside security researchers say Windows Service Pack 2 has security vulnerabilities, but no confirmation from Microsoft. By George V. Hulme.
Boxing: Williams insists he is better than Tyson display LAS VEGAS, United States : Danny Williams wants to be remembered for more than just his shock victory over Mike Tyson and hopes to do so by completing a remarkable reversal of fortunes if he wins the world heavyweight title on Saturday.
Commission demands Aragones probe MADRID, Spain -- Spain #39;s anti-violence commission has demanded the Spanish Football Federation open disciplinary procedures against national coach Luis Aragones.
Local racing voices agree:  #39;3 #39; earns a 10 Iassembled three of the toughest critics imaginable last week for a private screening of the Dale Earnhardt biopic, which premiers on ESPN Saturday at 9 pm, and not one of them made a pit 
Albarado wins 3,000th race Robby Albarado got the 3,000th victory of his career Thursday when he rode Isle of Silver to win the sixth race at Fair Grounds. Albarado, 31, is the defending champion jockey at Fair Grounds 
Playoff road will be tough, but Indy #39;s offense will lead team to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The treacherous, treacle-tinged tune began blaring over the Qualcomm Stadium sound system with just over five minutes left in the third quarter, afflicting 65,395 fans with Sunday afternoon fever.
Sharon Invites Labour to Join Coalition Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked the dovish Labour Party to join his ruling coalition today, a move that greatly bolsters his chances for carrying out plans to withdraw from the Gaza Strip next year.
Taiwans DPP vows sweeping reforms with victory Taiwan #39;s ruling Democratic Progressive party has promised to pass sweeping economic and political reforms if it gains control of the legislature for the first time in Saturday #39;s election.
Iraqi abductors release Bangladeshi truck driver: World News: Dhaka, Dec. 10 : Iraqi kidnappers have released a Bangladeshi truck driver after holding him hostage for more than a month, a foreign ministry official said on Friday.
Three Stocks for the Scrooge in You Fool contributor Tim Beyers finds that when it comes to stocks, it might pay to be Scrooge.
Delphi announces plans to cut 8,500 jobs; predicts \$350 million &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Delphi Corp. said Friday it plans to cut 8,500 jobs -- or 4.6 percent of its total work force -- worldwide next year as part of an ongoing restructuring.
GE OKs \$15 Billion Buyback, Ups Dividend Diversified manufacturer General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it boosted its quarterly dividend by 10 percent and earmarked up to \$15 billion for share repurchases over the next three years.
US wholesale prices climb in November US producer prices - a measure of wholesale inflation - rose by a faster than expected 0.5 in November, seasonally adjusted Labor Department figures showed this afternoon.
Suns Defeat Trail Blazers, 117-98 (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored a career-high 50 points, including nine straight during a decisive 12-2 Phoenix run early in the fourth quarter, and the Suns beat the Portland Trail Blazers 117-98 Sunday night.
Napster Going Mobile To Dial Up Ring Tone Sales  quot;Napster Mobile is a natural extension for the biggest brand in digital music and will enhance our development of wireless delivery, quot; Napster Chairman and CEO Chris Gorog said.
Study: Wild Monkeys Resort to Use of Tools WASHINGTON - Wild South American monkeys routinely use fist-sized rocks to crack open seeds and to dig in dry Brazilian soil for grubs and edible tubers, researchers report in the journal Science.
Microsoft to patch Windows flaws Microsoft plans to release patches for five Windows flaws next week, the software giant announced Thursday. The company posted the information on its TechNet site as part of a new program that gives the general 
MTN, Ericsson sign 3G agreement Johannesburg, 10 December 2004 - Mobile operator MTN has announced a strategic partnership with Ericsson, which will become its partner of choice for its third-generation (3G) network.
Chelsea not planning Gerrard move Chelsea have denied rumours that they are planning to try and sign Liverpool #39;s Steven Gerrard this season. Blues boss Jose Mourinho insisted that there would be no big-money bid for the England midfield star when the transfer window opens on 1 January.
Keane injury leaves Spurs short Robbie Keane #39;s knee injury may leave Tottenham with only one recognised striker for its trip to Manchester City. Keane has been carrying the injury in recent weeks but head coach Martin Jol is not confident 
Colts' Manning Sets NFL Passing Record (AP) AP - Peyton Manning set yet another NFL passing record Sunday, finishing the season with a rating of 121.1, more than eight points better than Steve Young's previous mark.
Nobel Winner Maathai Sounds Alarm Over Planet Calling humanity a threat to the planet, Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai urged democratic reform and an end to corporate greed after becoming the first African woman to collect the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday.
Mortar fire kills child PALESTINIANS fired mortar rounds into a Gaza Strip settlement today, wounding at least two Israelis, one of them a child, the army said.
Japan Adopts Major Defense Changes Japan has taken another step towards freeing itself from military restrictions in place since the end of World War II. The changes are a significant retreat from the pacifist policies that 
EADS Sees 2005 Earnings Rising 9.1 on Plane Demand (Update1) European Aeronautic, Defense  amp; Space Co., the controlling shareholder of Airbus SAS, expects 2005 earnings before interest, taxes, amortization and one-time items to rise 9.1 percent as sales of aircraft grow.
Consumer confidence improves in December, survey says NEW YORK A new survey says consumer sentiment improved in the first half of December. The subscriber-only University of Michigan  #39;s preliminary index on consumer sentiment for December rose to 95-point-seven from 92-point-eight seen in November.
Wall Street's Designs on '05? A Merger Boom After years of self-doubt and housecleaning in the wake of Enron, corporate America has gotten a bit of swagger back in its step.
Officials Consider Space Station Evacuation The United States and Russia are making contingency plans for an emergency evacuation of the two-man crew aboard the International Space Station .
Red Cross Returns After Fallujah Offensive (AP) AP - The Red Cross team entered Fallujah for the first time since a U.S.-led offensive devastated the city and met with Iraqi technicians and engineers to discuss the city's sewage and water treatment needs, a group spokesman said Friday.
Mubarak, Obasanjo discuss bilateral ties, African crises (AFP) AFP - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak met with his Nigerian counterpart Olusegun Obasanjo for talks that focused on enhancing bilateral ties and the various conflicts troubling the African continent.
Changes in Homeland Sec. Oversight Sought (AP) AP - Congressional oversight of the Homeland Security Department is "dysfunctional" and must be fundamentally changed to ensure Americans are protected, according to a report issued Friday by former House Speaker Tom Foley and retired Sen. Warren Rudman.
Cricket: Kumble joy over record Anil Kumble is thrilled after becoming India's leading wicket-taker in Tests.
Altria Smokes Up Prices are heading up for the firm's trademark cigs. Is it party time for investors?
Forest City Keeps Building The real estate company seems to have the right results and the right investors.
Crude Oil Falls on Skepticism OPEC Will Adhere to Output Quotas Crude oil fell on skepticism that members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will enact promised production cuts.
The Envelopes, Please As the awards season approaches, it's time again to hand out the prizes for executive incompetence.
PlayStation Portable #39;s tough birth Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable may ultimately live up to company promises of a  quot;Walkman for the 21st century quot; that revolutionizes entertainment, but that #39;s not going to happen next week.
Eye on IT Sometimes if you make believe something doesn #39;t exist it does somehow manage to go away. But that #39;s not the case with the browser security flaw discovered by Danish security research firm Secunia.
Siemens Snaps up Chantry Siemens (Quote, Chart) will acquire wireless LAN technology player Chantry Networks to fill out its HiPath lineup, executives said Thursday.
Title fight underdog is coming on strong He is a sizable underdog in Saturday night #39;s heavyweight title fight, and it #39;s no mystery why. Danny Williams, by all accounts, is taking a major step up in class.
Arsenal face key revival test Can two wins reverse a slide? Arsenal have scored eight times in winning their past two games, but those goals could be as confetti on the breeze if they slip up against Chelsea at Highbury on Saturday.
Sport scene The NHL players #39; association offered an immediate 24 percent salary rollback Thursday in Toronto as the centerpiece of a proposal handed to the league in an effort to end the season-long lockout.
Paceman Pathan sends Tigers packing at 184 A five-wicket haul by Indian paceman Irfan Pathan sent Bangladesh crashing to 184 against India in the first innings of first test when bad light forced an early close of the first day #39;s play due to insufficient light, reports BSS.
Tice: UW job could lure him from NFL Minnesota Vikings coach Mike Tice said yesterday that there are only two or three college coaching jobs that might lure him away from the NFL.
Klap: Strong backing at first Baseball has barely started breathing again since Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi admitted to using steroids - a scandal that froze the industry for an entire week.
Putin  quot;pleased quot; if Ukraine joins EU MOSCOW : President Vladimir Putin said he would be  quot;pleased quot; to see Ukraine admitted to the European Union because this would only benefit Russia #39;s economy due to its deep and long-standing industrial links with Ukraine.
GE raises dividend, boosts stock buyback General Electric Co. said Friday that it is raising its quarterly dividend by 10 percent to 22 cents per share, and could buy back up to \$15 billion worth of stock over the next three years.
Siemens acquires Chantry for larger WLAN play Siemens AG has acquired Chantry Networks, a step that will extend its enterprise offerings and Voice over Internet Protocol into the wireless local area network space.
Philip Morris Raises Prices on Marlboros, Other Smokes Altria Group Inc.'s Philip Morris USA has initiated a long-awaited increase in cigarette prices, providing what some analysts consider the first sign of life in the U.S. cigarette market since 2002.
Florida Orange, Grapefruit Crops Reduced Further Florida's hurricane-damaged orange and grapefruit crop will be even smaller than originally estimated, officials said Friday, raising the prospect of higher prices for orange juice at supermarkets and an even greater scarcity of grapefruit juice.
Dollar Rallies in Year-End Profit-Taking  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar gained broadly on Friday  for the third straight session, as strong U.S. economic data  gave traders additional reasons to take profits in other  currencies before the year's end.
GE OKs \$15 Bln Buybacks, Hikes Dividend  BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer General  Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said it boosted its quarterly  dividend by 10 percent and earmarked up to \$15 billion for  share repurchases over the next three years.
Winn-Dixie Names Rival's Ex-Executive CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WIN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WIN.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Friday it ousted President and Chief Executive Frank Lazaran  after about a year in the post after he failed to revive the  grocer despite ordering 10,000 job cuts.
Supreme Court to take P2P case update The US Supreme Court on Friday said it would hear a controversial case on whether file-sharing software companies could be held legally responsible for copyright infringement on their networks.
Microsoft helps in bogus degrees case With help from software giant Microsoft Corp., officials tracked down two brothers who authorities say sold bogus college degrees over the Internet, including an MBA that was issued to a housecat.
NHL players propose a sizable salary cut The NHL players #39; association stunned the league and even its members with its latest effort to save the hockey season: an offer to roll back all players #39; salaries by 24 percent.
No let down for White this year Oklahoma was tied with Texas A amp;M in College Station, Texas, having already come back from three 14-point deficits. The Corps was screaming.
16 Killed in Venezuelan Plane Crash (AP) AP - A Venezuelan military plane crashed in a mountainous region near Caracas on Friday, killing 16 poeple, including high-ranking officers, a top government official said.
Berlusconi Saved in Graft Trial by Time Ruling Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi escaped conviction in a major corruption trial on Friday after a court invoked a statute of limitations that meant time had run out to sentence him for bribery.
Russia #39;s new mobile N-missile by  #39;06 MOSCOW: Moscow revealed the first hints of its secretive new nuclear weapons priorities on Friday with a top Russian general saying that a new generation of strategic missiles would soon be mobile on land and that this was far from the only thing that 
Hostages walk free in Iraq TWO truck drivers from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka kidnapped in Iraq by the same militant group that claims to be holding two French journalists have been released by their captors, officials said today.
Preemptive Shot By cutting back to its official quotas, the cartel is trying to prove it can keep control of prices -- a risky gambit in the face of lots of vagaries.
Nextel, Sprint in advanced merger talks Nextel is reportedly in advanced merger talks with Sprint, a deal that would form the third largest US cell phone company. However, there were indications a third player, Verizon Wireless, might make a run 
Daimler Chrysler Asked To Recall 600,000 Vehicles Federal safety regulators have asked Daimler Chrysler AG to recall 600,000 vehicles, because their wheels could fall off. The vehicles in question are 2000 through 2003 Dodge Durango SUV #39;s and Dakota pick-up trucks.
Ford to recall 474 000 SUVs worldwide Ford Motor Company said today it was recalling about 474 000 Escape and Mazda Tribute sport utility vehicles (SUVs) globally because the accelerator cable may prevent the engine from returning to the idle position, which could increase stopping distance 
American raises domestic fares FORT WORTH, Texas - American Airlines has increased most domestic US and US to Canada fares \$5 one way and \$10 round trip, effective Dec. 9, to help offset the continuing high cost of jet fuel, the airline explained in a news release.
Lazio given stadium ban over racist fans Lazio will have to play their next European home game behind closed doors following racist abuse by their fans, UEFA has announced.
A vote for Bush The Heisman Trophy comes with wings, a tail, a flight crew and jet engines. Boeing and Airbus are fighting over its manufacturing rights.
The Crash After the Sugar High Imperial Sugar appears to be a lot sweeter than it was a year ago, but challenges remain.
Rare Day of Joy for Ciena Faithful Disappointment is the usual sentiment for Ciena shareholders -- except for yesterday.
U.S. Posts  #36;57.88 Billion Budget Deficit (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. government posted a  #36;57.88\billion shortfall between receipts and outlays in the month of
Telecom Making a Comeback? It seems that every time I write about the telecommunications industry, my thoughts slip back to my proud days at the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Equity Group.
Chrysler Recall Possible Federal safety regulators have asked the carmaker to recall Durango Sport utility vehicles and Dakota pickups in the model years 2000 to 2003.
Cinergy to sell 6.1 million shares Cinergy Corp. of Cincinnati, Ohio, said Friday it plans to sell 6.1 million shares of common stock. The sale will be made under Cinergy #39;s effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Media Companies Get US Supreme Court Hearing on File Sharing The motion picture and recording industries will get a US Supreme Court hearing in their bid to block the catastrophic, multibillion-dollar harm #39; #39; they say is caused by file-sharing software used to pirate movies and songs.
Space telescopes discover more of sun #39;s sisters Astronomers are finding more of the sun #39;s sisters as they train two sharp eyes on the universe. NASA, ESA, DR Ardila, DA Golimowski, JE Krist, M. Clampin, JP 
Penn State Tells 80,000 Students To Chuck IE A public university with an enrollment of over 80,000 puts the kibosh on Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer. A public university with an enrollment of over 80,000 put the kibosh this week on Microsoft #39;s Internet 
Apple #39;s iTunes now accepting PayPal com December 10, 2004, 11:28 AM PT. Customers at Apple Computer #39;s iTunes store will now be able to pay for their songs, albums and gift certificates using PayPal, a virtual wallet technology owned by eBay.
Wenger to mull goalkeeper dilemma until last minute Arsene Wenger said he had still not made up his mind about whether Jens Lehmann or Manuel Almunia will be in goal for Arsenal #39;s showdown with Premiership leaders Chelsea on Sunday.
NHL Lockout Glance NEGOTIATIONS: The NHL and the players #39; association held their first negotiating session since Sept. 9 on Thursday. The sides will meet again next Tuesday in either New York or Toronto when the league is expected 
Goodman warms up to pitch city to owners While this weekend #39;s Major League Baseball meetings in Anaheim, Calif., will probably be dominated by talk of steroids and big player moves, Las Vegas #39; mayor hopes to grab some attention Saturday 
Earthquake Hits Near India; No Damage Seen (AP) AP - A 6.0-magnitude earthquake struck in the seas near the remote, tsunami-ravaged Andaman and Nicobar islands, but caused no damage or casualties, officials said Monday.
Court clears Berlusconi of corruption (AFP) AFP - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi escaped a potentially devastating jail sentence when a Milan court cleared him of corruption charges after a four-year trial, a verdict which he hailed as "better late than never".
France to allow a longer workweek France #39;s prime minister has announced plans to let workers negotiate workweeks that exceed the current 35-hour limit. Jean-Pierre Raffarin also vowed to cut the current 9.9 percent unemployment rate by a 0.1 
Doubts Persist About Election Results (AP) AP - As the Electoral College prepares to certify President Bush's re-election on Monday, concerns persist about the integrity of the nation's voting system  #151; particularly in Ohio, where details continue to emerge of technology failures, voter confusion and overcrowded polling stations in minority and poor neighborhoods.
Airport Patdown Procedures Modified (AP) AP - The Transportation Security Administration is slightly altering the way airport screeners conduct patdown searches by allowing passengers to put their arms down after their upper bodies are checked.
Sweden Awards Nobels But Shy Writer Stays Home  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Scientists and economists from the  United States, Israel and Norway received their Nobel prizes on  Friday at a ceremony marked by the conspicuous absence of  literature laureate Elfriede Jelinek of Austria.
Embattled Ukraine PM Slams Opponent's 'Orange Coup'  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's prime minister came out fighting  on Friday in the campaign for a re-run of a rigged presidential  election, accusing opposition challenger Viktor Yushchenko of  instigating "totalitarianism" against voters.
Sprinter Suspended Eight Years for Doping (AP) AP - Sprinter Michelle Collins was suspended for eight years for a doping violation linked to the BALCO scandal and will forfeit results that include 2003 indoor world and U.S. titles in the 200 meters.
China Fills Top Sports Post for Olympics (AP) AP - China appointed a party official who has never worked in sports to oversee the preparation of athletes for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Air Force Clears Athlete of Cheating (AP) AP - Air Force guard Dan Nwaelele will play Saturday against No. 3 Georgia Tech after being cleared of allegations that he cheated academically.
Bradley's Appeal Rejected The Ohio Supreme Court rejects former Indians outfielder Milton Bradley's appeal of a three-day jail sentence he received after driving away from police who were trying to give him a speeding ticket.
Summary Box: Delphi Corp. prepares for tough start to 2005 THE SITUATION: Squeezed by rising materials and health care costs and lower vehicle production, No. 1 auto supplier Delphi Corp. plans to cut 8,500 jobs worldwide next year after eliminating more than 9,000 in 2004.
Chinas inflation falls sharply in November Chinas annual inflation rate dropped sharply in November, heartening policy makers who have been striving to cool the economy and reducing chances of a further rise in interest rates in the near term.
Local gamer: Grand Theft Auto #39; steals the show Just how excited is Justin Field about the new  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; video game.  quot;(It #39;s) the best game on the planet, in my mind, quot; said Field, the owner of the Eugene store and gaming center Big City Gamin #39;.
Honda CR-V SUV Gets Top Rating in Side Crash Test Honda Motor Co. Ltd. #39;s 2005 model CR-V compact sport utility vehicle has earned the top safety rating in side impact crash tests, a US research group linked to the insurance industry said on Friday.
Vail Resorts #39; loss widens to US\$31.5 million, real estate revenue &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vail Resorts said Friday that a drop in real estate revenue contributed to a wider loss in the first quarter, one of the company #39;s slowest times.
 Nintendo Ready to Take on Sony On Wednesday during a presentation at the Foreign Correspondents Club held in Tokyo, Nintendo Co. Ltd. President Satoru Iwata revealed some interesting bits of information regarding the company #39;s stance towards 
Man City v Tottenham Stuart Pearce has placed an early claim on the Manchester City job when Kevin Keegan steps down as manager in 18 months #39; time.
Washington job reportedly interests Tice Minnesota Vikings head coach Mike Tice said that there are two or three college football jobs that could lure him from the NFL, according to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
Line of Scrimmage: Week 14 - Peyton Will Own All QB Records When Peyton Manning breaks the single- season NFL record for passing touchdowns, an event that will likely occur this Sunday, I won #39;t go nuts celebrating the man.
First tomatoes, now grapefruit It #39;s been a lousy fall for grocery shoppers. First the cost of tomatoes set new records, and now those lucky enough to find grapefruits can expect to pay more than \$1 a piece.
Darfur Talks to Seek Political Pact Amid Fighting (Reuters) Reuters - Sudanese officials and Darfur rebels\arrived in Nigeria on Friday for talks on a political deal to\end two years of conflict in the vast desert region which\observers say is slipping deeper into chaos.
Apple #39;s iTunes now accepting PayPal Customers at Apple Computer #39;s iTunes store will now be able to pay for their songs, albums and gift certificates using PayPal, a virtual wallet technology owned by eBay.
Cisco to acquire BCN Cisco Systems has confirmed that it is to buy routing software start-up BCN Systems for an initial \$34 million (17.6 million). In the week it turned 20, the networking giant announced it will pay around 
Microsoft to Judges: Eolas Didn #39;t Invent Patented Tech An appeals court should throw out a half-billion-dollar patent infringement judgment against Microsoft because a lower court failed to recognize that the Web browsing patent was based on a technology that was not invented by the company awarded the money 
Enter your e-mail: E-mail users looking to strike back at spammers by installing a controversial screensaver are getting more than they bargained for.
Microsoft Readies Five Windows Fixes As part of its new advance warning policy, Microsoft on Thursday said next week #39;s regularly-scheduled patch day will feature five fixes for Windows, none of them more severe than  quot;Important.
Johnny Ortiz: Retire Maker Train Rolls On Vitali Klitschko is referring to himself as the  quot;Retire Maker, quot; he feels he is responsible for sending Lennox Lewis into retirement after their brutal fight for Lennox #39;s heavyweight title.
COLLINS #39; EIGHT-YEAR BAN American sprinter Michelle Collins has been hit with an eight-year suspension for using a cocktail of banned drugs EPO, testosterone and the designer steroid THG.
Preview: Manchester City v Tottenham Boss Kevin Keegan will again be without Claudio Reyna, Ben Thatcher, Trevor Sinclair and Jihai Sun. Bradley Wright-Phillips, who opened his goal-scoring account after just three minutes on the pitch against 
NHL labour meeting set for Tuesday The NHL and NHLPA will be meeting Tuesday in Toronto at 1pm et/10am pt at which time the NHL is expected to respond to Thursday #39;s NHLPA proposal.
Air Force Clears Athlete of Cheating AIR FORCE ACADEMY, Colo. Dec 10, 2004 - Air Force guard Dan Nwaelele will play Saturday against No. 3 Georgia Tech after being cleared of allegations that he cheated academically.
Oprah, Cruise to Co-Host Nobel Concert Nobel Peace show host Oprah Winfrey smiles in the Oslo Town Hall where Nobel laureate Wangari Maathai of Kenya is to receive the Nobel Peace Prize, Friday, Dec. 10, 2004.
Palestinian Family Says Girl, 8, Was Killed by Israeli Bullet Israeli gunfire killed an 8-year-old Palestinian girl eating lunch in her home today during an exchange between Palestinians and Israeli soldiers in the southern Gaza Strip, the girl #39;s family said.
Corrupt ways That Indias politicians have been rated among the most corrupt in the world in a report brought out by Berlin-based NGO Transparency International (TI) isnta matter of surprise at all.
Dinesh Rajaratnam freed Sri Lankan truck driver Dinesh Rajaratnam taken hostage in Iraq last October has been released along with his Bangladeshi colleague Abul Kashem, the Foreign Ministry confirmed yesterday.
Watch Lists Glance (AP) AP - Other measures related to transportation security, besides expanded use of government watch lists on flights, cruises and at airports, included in the intelligence overhaul legislation:
Venezuelan plane crash kills 16 A military plane crashes in a mountainous area of Venezuela, killing 16 people.
Gold Standard No More Maybe the reason so many coaches have steered clear of the job at Notre Dame is that they got a look at the people they would be working for, and under what circumstances.
Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian Girl Israeli troops shot and killed a 7-year-old Palestinian girl on Friday after militants fired mortar rounds at a Gaza Strip settlement, injuring four Israelis, one of them a child, officials said.
16 Killed in Venezuelan Plane Crash A Venezuelan military plane crashed in a mountainous region near Caracas on Friday, killing 16 poeple, including high-ranking officers, a top government official said.
1,400 Colombian Fighters Begin to Disarm More than a thousand paramilitary fighters began demobilizing Friday in the remote jungles of Colombia, where the main road is marked by crosses, burned vehicles and blown-up bridges - the scars of a protracted and bitter battle between their right-wing faction and leftist rebels for control of the region's cocaine industry.
OPEC to Cut Production After Six-Week Price Decline (Update7) OPEC, the producer of more than a third of the world #39;s oil, agreed to cut output by about 4 percent in a bid to prop up prices after the biggest drop in three years.
Summary Box: Airbus to Develop New Jet NEW PLANE: Airbus gets the go-ahead from its owners to start taking orders for the A350, a new mid-sized passenger plane it hopes will be the nemesis of its rival Boeing #39;s 7E7.
Apple Says ITunes Music Store Now Accepts PayPal Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said customers of its iTunes online music store can now use eBay Inc.
Greed gone wild Let #39;s start with two hockey-related news bits most Americans probably aren #39;t aware of. 1) The NHL season still hasn #39;t started, and 2) On Thursday, union leaders made a new collective bargaining proposal to 
Delphi to cut 8,500 jobs worldwide (December 10, 2004) - Delphi Corp. said Friday it plans to cut 8,500 jobs -r 4.6 percent of its total work force  -ldwide next year as part of an ongoing restructuring.
Update 1: Hurricanes Hurt Florida Citrus Crops Because of hurricane damage, Florida #39;s grapefruit crop this season will be the smallest since the Depression, and its orange crop the worst in 13 years, agriculture officials said in a forecast issued Friday.
UPDATE 1-Bank of America says moves 300 more jobs to Boston Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which in September promised to move 100 wealth and investment management jobs to Boston, on Friday said it would move an additional 300 jobs to that city next year.
Gemstar-TV Guide Taps Fox Executive as CEO Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. said on Friday it replaced Chief Executive Jeff Shell, credited with steering the company through a patch of legal woes, with a Fox 
Space holidays may not be happy There may not be a happy holiday in space because Russian and American astronauts have been told to ration their food supply for the next few weeks, until a space shipment can reach them.
Yahoo adds fuel to desktop search rush Yahoo has announced it will join the fray with a new desktop product based on technology from X1 Technologies. Yahoo said it plans to launch a beta version of a new Yahoo Desktop Search tool in the coming 
US Supreme Court to hear appeal on music-swapping, copyright WASHINGTON : The US Supreme Court agreed Friday to hear a case to determine whether music-swapping services can be held liable for copyright infringement if their networks are used for illegal digital copies.
Apple #39;s music store now accepts PayPal NEW YORK -- Apple Computer Inc. #39;s online music store, iTunes, will now accept PayPal for purchases of music downloads, audiobooks and gift certificates.
New file system has long road to Windows Microsoft #39;s long-planned new file system is likely still many years away from being a part of the company #39;s server operating system.
Monkeys use tools to forage LONDON - Wild capuchin monkeys can understand cause and effect well enough to use rocks to dig for food, scientists have found. Capuchin monkeys often use tools and solve problems in captivity and sometimes 
Cisco purchase of BCN is par for the course Cisco Systems #39; acquisition of BCN Systems, a tiny networking software design company, runs true to form as Cisco continues its practice of buying key techn ologies to advance its product development strategy.
SPECTOR: Players #39; offer not quite good enough Thursday #39;s collective bargaining meeting between the NHL and NHLPA lasted only four hours, but it #39;s still unknown if anything came out of it to save the 2004-05 season.
Valdosta on a roll since loss in opener The Valdosta State Blazers nearly didn #39;t get to the NCAA Division II national championship game against Pittsburg State in Alabama.
Italian team ordered to play without fans The Italian team Lazio was ordered Friday to play its next European game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
D-Backs reportedly to sign Russ Ortiz ANAHEIM, Calif. - The Arizona Diamondbacks continue to make waves in the free agent marketplace, reportedly signing veteran righthander Russ Ortiz on Friday in what could be a precursor to a blockbuster involving Randy Johnson.
AU-sponsored Darfur peace talks postponed to Saturday in Nigeria Peace talks aimed at ending a 22-month-old crisis in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region, scheduled for Friday in Nigerian capital Abuja, has been postponed for a day, a spokesman for the African Union said.
Russia glad if Ukraine joins EU: Putin Russia  quot;would only be too glad quot; if Ukraine joined the European Union (EU), Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Friday, the Interfax reported.
Oracle Moves Earnings Forward to Dec. 13 (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker Oracle\Corp.  on Friday said it had decided to move forward\the release date of its fiscal second-quarter earnings to\Monday, Dec. 13 before markets open instead of Thursday, Dec.\16.
Forsee: Sprint CEO Eyed As Likely Leader If Nextel Deal Inked Haute monde meets mass market. Friday saw Sprint (nyse: FON - news - people ) shares open higher and Nextel Communications (nasdaq: NXTL - news - people ) slide as the market digested news of a possible merger between the telecommunications firms.
America West: Will Not Bid for ATA America West Holdings Corp. (AWA) on Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
Hurricane damage to Fla. citrus crop even worse than expected Floridas hurricane-damaged citrus crops will be even smaller than originally estimated, officials said Friday, raising the specter of higher prices for orange juice and an even greater scarcity of grapefruit juice.
Halo 2, San Andreas key drivers of Nov. revenue, say NPD stats Absent sales from the killer titles published by Microsoft and Rockstar, November sales would have dropped more than 20 percent. With the two, revenues rose 11 percent.
Community Bancorp Soars in IPO Debut Four new stocks shot out of the starting gates Friday and posted upbeat opening-day gains, riding investor momentum spurred by stronger-than-expected pricings from two initial public offerings while two others came in at the top of expectations.
PeopleSoft scores analyst support LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- PeopleSoft Inc., whose board has spurned repeated hostile takeover offers from Oracle Corp,. got a major boost Thursday when several analysts raised their PeopleSoft financial forecasts.
Napster to sell mobile ringtones Los Angeles-based music downloading service Napster has partnered with another company to sell mobile phone ringtones, ITObserver.
Apple #39;s iTunes connects to PayPal Customers at online music store will be able to use eBay #39;s payment service to pay for songs. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc.
School #39;s out to shun IE Citing security risks, a state university is urging students to drop Internet Explorer in favor of alternative Web browsers such as Firefox and Safari.
Cisco expands router offerings with BCN buy Cisco Systems today confirmed that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held BCN Systems, a Californian networking software design firm.
Microsoft Contests Patent Decision Microsoft is in court today contesting a Federal Court ruling in favour of Eolas for \$565 million. The court upheld a lower court ruling that Microsoft #39;s popular Internet Exporer browser infringed on patents 
Allenby predicts Masters surge Defending champion Robert Allenby is confident of quickly bridging the gap between himself and tournament leader Bradley Hughes in today #39;s third round of the Australian Masters at Huntingdale in Melbourne.
Mavericks Defeat Bucks 123-104 (AP) AP - Dirk Nowitzki scored 39 points and Josh Howard scored 11 of his 25 in the fourth quarter in the Dallas Mavericks' 123-104 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday night.
New BALCO hit: Collins banned 8 years COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - Sprinter Michelle Collins was suspended for eight years for a doping violation linked to the BALCO scandal and will forfeit results that include 2003 indoor world and US titles in the 200 meters.
Ives Galarcep Like James Dean #39;s character in Rebel Without a Cause, Clint Mathis seems to find trouble wherever he goes. The enigmatic former MetroStar and current Hannover 96 striker only needed a year to wear out his 
Blast in Quetta market kills 10 ISLAMABAD, DECEMBER 10: At least 10 people, including a soldier, were killed when a bomb exploded near an Army truck in a busy market area in the Pakistani city of Quetta today.
Japan to Ease Weapons Export Ban, Revamps Military (Update2) Japan #39;s government will ease a four- decade ban on weapons exports, opening up new markets for Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.
Chaos looms in Darfur as violence increases: Annan Chaos is looming in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region as violence increases, order collapses, and the number of desperate people in need of humanitarian aid reaches nearly 2.3 million, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said in a report to 
Turkish Leader Calls for EU Membership Talks Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan is in Brussels to make a final pitch before next week #39;s EU summit for the 25-nation bloc to set a date for his country to begin membership talks.
Sony Prepares For PSP Launch Japan is preparing for the long-awaited launch of Sony #39;s answer to the Nintendo DS, the PSP. The target for the PSP launch is this coming Sunday.
Browser Flaw Leaves Online Shoppers Open to Phishing Scam Security firm Secunia reported that the vulnerability affects nearly all browsers, including Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Firefox, Konqueror, Opera, Netscape and Safari.
Dusty discs girdle distant solar systems Cold, dusty discs of debris have been clearly detected around stars in other planet-harbouring solar systems for the first time by NASA #39;s Spitzer Space Telescope.
Drunken British soldier leaves party in suicide bomber costume; prompts alert (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - A drunken soldier sparked a security alert when he left a costume party dressed as a suicide bomber, wearing a turban, false beard and a combat jacket stuffed with pretend explosives, British police said Friday.
Consumers Cheer Up, Budget Deficit Swells  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. consumers' mood brightened in  early December, which may bode well for retailers in the key  holiday shopping season, a survey showed on Friday.
Sprint in Talks to Buy Nextel for \$36 Bln  PHILADELPHIA/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. is in  advanced talks to buy Nextel Communications Inc. for more than  \$36 billion in a mostly stock deal that would combine the No. 3  and No. 5 U.S. wireless service carriers, sources familiar with  the situation said on Friday.
Stocks Down Slightly; Economic Data Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended slightly lower on  Friday as a higher-than-expected jump in U.S. producer prices  helped to offset a fall in oil prices and dividend hikes from  General Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; and SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt;.
AP: Rehnquist Plans to Swear in Bush (AP) AP - Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, suffering from thyroid cancer, still plans to preside at President Bush's inauguration on Jan. 20, The Associated Press has learned.
Dollar Holds on to Gains with Fed in View  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar posted broad gains on  Friday for the third straight session, as traders took more   year-end profits in other currencies in anticipation of higher  U.S. interest rates after next week's Federal Reserve meeting.
Airbus A350 Unleashes New War with Boeing  PARIS (Reuters) - European planemaker Airbus won approval  from its shareholders on Friday to unleash a fresh marketing  battle against arch-rival Boeing by seeking orders for a  fuel-saving, wide-body jet to be called the A350.
Supreme Court to Decide Grokster Case (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday\agreed to consider whether Internet file-trading networks\should be held responsible when their users copy music, movies\and other protected works without permission.
Venezuelan Military Plane Crashes, 16 Killed  CARACAS, Venezuela, Dec 10 (Reuters) - A Venezuelan  military aircraft crashed into a mountainside west of Caracas  on Friday, killing 16 passengers and crew-members aboard  including several senior officers, authorities said.
Oil Prices Fall Despite OPEC Output Cut Oil prices fell to four-month lows on Friday even though the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries moved to curb production above its official 27 million barrel-per-day output ceiling.
Shrek 3 Postponed Until 2007, James Brown Has Cancer, Kidman Out &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; com Staff. DreamWorks Animation Studios announced it was pushing the release date for its highly anticipated feature Shrek 3 from November 2006 to May 2007.
White Has Chance to Make Heisman History (AP) AP - Archie Griffin wouldn't mind sharing his claim to fame. The former Ohio State tailback is the only player to win two Heisman trophies, receiving his second in 1975.
iTunes now accepting Paypal payment Today, both Apple and Paypal have announced that the iTunes music store in the US will now accept Paypal purchases for anything on iTunes.
Deep, faint tremors in central California fascinate, worry &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Deep beneath the San Andreas Fault in central California, the ground has been erupting in strange, faint tremors that last up to 20 minutes, scientists reported Thursday.
Syria to Offer Iraqi Expat Polling Sites (AP) AP - Iraqi expatriates in Syria will have the opportunity to vote in this month's Iraqi elections under an agreement signed Sunday between the Syrian government and the Geneva-based International Organization for Migration.
Vick more comfortable with Crumpler Is it possible to win a playoff spot, in this era of aerial supremacy, without a single wide receiver posting 40 catches for the season?
Bush Unlikely Heisman Trophy Finalist (AP) AP - In some ways, Reggie Bush is the most unlikely Heisman Trophy finalist. He doesn't start for No. 1 Southern California, and ranks second on the team in rushing and receiving. He's a sophomore, and the previous winners have all been juniors or seniors. Finally, he's often been overshadowed by teammate Matt Leinart, also a finalist for the award.
Faruk talks to wife, brother after release Bangladeshi truck driver Abul Kashem Faruk, who was freed by Islamic Army of Iraq (IAI) Thursday, talked to his family over telephone and the government confirmed his release yesterday.
Russian defense chief reserves right to conduct preemptive strikes Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov on Friday emphasized Russias right to conduct preventive strikes against terrorists anywhere across the globe, suggesting it has become common 
Venezuelan plane crash kills 16  quot;There were 16 people travelling aboard. ... It crashed into a mountain, quot; Col. Antonio Rivero, head of the Civil Protection service, told.
Putin approves of Ukraine #39;s membership in EU RBC, 10.12.2004, Moscow 19:51:19.Russian President Vladimir Putin approves of the possibility of Ukraine joining the European Union.
Italian Team Ordered to Play Without Fans (AP) AP - The Italian team Lazio was ordered Friday to play its next European game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
Business ; Chinese Inflation Drops Sharply Business News, BEIJING, China #39;s annual inflation rate dropped sharply in November, providing further evidence that steps to cool the economy are working and reducing the chances in the near term of a fresh rise in interest rates.
Cut From Longhorn, WinFS Is in Peril The Windows Future Storage (WinFS) technology that got cut out of Windows  quot;Longhorn quot; is in serious trouble, and not just the hot water a feature might encounter for missing its intended production vehicle.
 quot;I can take his punches quot; - Williams By Ant Evans in Las Vegas( pic by Mr Will/Hogan Photos): WBC heavyweight title challenger Danny Williams insists he #39;s completely unperturbed by champion Vitali Klitschko #39;s well-hyped punching power on the eve of their Mandalay Bay collision here Saturday 
Q amp;A with Metros GM Nick Sakiewicz com Staff. Following Friday #39;s trade involving the MetroStars and San Jose Earthquakes for defender Jeff Agoos, Metros general maanger Nick Sakiewicz took time to answer questions regarding his newest acquisition.
Cyprus warns it could veto Turkey #39;s EU talks NICOSIA: Cyprus has upped the ante in its demands for recognition from Turkey, warning its European Union partners it may otherwise veto the start of accession talks with Ankara, local newspapers reported.
World ; Russia defends anti-terror preventive strikes  quot;Russia is not the only country that has announced the possibility of using or carrying out preventive strikes. I would like to stress that we did not invent it, quot; he added, hinting that Moscow was following a US lead.
Shiite Group Reveals Some Iraq Candidates (AP) AP - Iraq's future political landscape began to take shape Friday, as a coalition led by powerful Shiite Muslim groups revealed a few of its candidates in next month's parliamentary election. They include former exiles, a prominent cleric and members of the interim government.
U.S. Gives OK to China Furniture Duties (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. trade panel on Friday\approved anti-dumping duties of up to 198 percent on  #36;1.2\billion worth of wooden bedroom furniture from China. However,\many Chinese furniture companies will escape the highest duty\levels.
High Court to Hear File-Sharing Dispute (AP) AP - The Supreme Court said Friday it will consider whether Internet file-sharing services are responsible for their customers illegally swapping songs and movies, a multibillion-dollar case testing the limits of copyright law in the digital age.
Portugal faces general election Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio calls an early general election to end "crisis of credibility".
Randall Wins ACC Honor Bryan Randall, who led a team picked sixth in the preseason to the title,is named The Associated Press ACC player of the year.
US Jet Flight to Vietnam Makes History United Airlines became the first US carrier to fly to Vietnam since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, marking a new milestone in relations between the former enemies as VIPs on board were greeted at the airport with lotus blossoms and silk lanterns.
General Electric raises dividend, announces plans to buy back &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; General Electric Co. raised its quarterly dividend by 10 per cent and launched a plan to buy back up to \$15 billion US in shares over three years, as it projected double-digit percentage earnings growth for 2005.
Diamondbacks Sign Pitcher Russ Ortiz (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks kept busy Friday, signing free-agent pitcher Russ Ortiz to a four-year deal a day after agreeing to terms with third baseman Troy Glaus.
Oil Slumps Below \$41, Dealers Shrug OPEC Cut Oil prices settled under \$41 for the first time since July Friday as dealers took profits on a widely expected move by the OPEC cartel to curb production in excess of its official output ceiling.
Sprint in Talks to Buy Nextel for \$36 Bln  PHILADELPHIA/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. is close to  an agreement buy Nextel Communications Inc. for more than \$36  billion in a mostly stock deal that would combine the No. 3 and  No. 5 U.S. wireless telephone companies, sources familiar with  the situation said on Friday.
Apple: ITunes Music Store Accepts PayPal  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said customers of its iTunes online music store can now  use eBay Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; online payment service PayPal to buy  songs and audio books, becoming the second major online music  store to do so.
High Court To Decide File-Sharing Case NEW YORK - Who should be held responsible for the use of peer-to-peer software program to trade copyright music and video files on the Internet?
Airbus steps up challenge to Boeing #39;s 7E7 PARIS Airbus announced Friday that it would move ahead with two new long-range versions of its widebody A330 aircraft to cobble together a competitor for Boeing #39;s planned new 7E7.
Update 1: Southwest Offers \$100M for ATA Assets The bidding war for bankrupt ATA Airlines #39; assets heated up on Friday when Southwest Airlines offered at least \$100 million in cash and loans for gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport and an alliance with ATA, its main rival there.
Bank of America to move 300 jobs to Boston Bank of America plans to move an additional 300 jobs from its Wealth and Investment Management businesses to Boston. The bank was sharply criticized after it cut jobs at former Fleet branches in Massachusetts.
Giants' Barber Leads NFL in Total Yards (AP) AP - Tiki Barber won the NFL yards from scrimmage title and set the New York Giants' all-time rushing record in Sunday night's game against the Dallas Cowboys.
GE to Buy Back \$15 Bln in Stock, Raise Dividend (Update4) General Electric Co., the world #39;s biggest company by market value, will buy back as much as \$15 billion in stock and raise its dividend as Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt #39;s growth strategy generates more cash and profit.
Napster To Enter Mobile Ringtone Arena Thanks two a partnership with Dwango Wireless; the new Napster is prepared to enter the mobile technology realm. But this time, it #39;s not for illegal mp3s.
Kazaa Talked to Record Firms About Music Swaps Kazaa, the world #39;s most popular Internet file-swapping system, told a court on Thursday it was worried about users exchanging unauthorized files and held talks with record companies in the United States about the problem.
Oklahoma #39;s Jason White Wins Maxwell Award Oklahoma quarterback Jason White has taken home the Maxwell Award as college football #39;s best all-around player and won his second straight Davey O #39;Brien quarterback trophy.
Suns Place Voskuhl On IL Phoenix, AZ -- The Phoenix Suns Friday placed Jake Voskuhl on the injured list after the center had an emergency appendectomy surgery.
Magic #39;s Garrity Activated From Injured List Oakland, CA -- The Orlando Magic activated forward Pat Garrity from the injured list on Friday and placed forward Brandon Hunter on the IL with a hyperextended right elbow.
Nobel Peace laureate calls for a greener tomorrow OSLO - Kenyan ecologist Wangari Maathai, who yesterday received the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize at a ceremony in Oslo, said protecting the environment was vital to promote peace and democracy.
UN: New Darfur displacements reported UN humanitarian agencies report thousands of people displaced for the second time in a month because of fresh outbreaks of fighting in Sudan #39;s Darfur region.
Turkish Leader Wins EU Officials' Backing (AP) AP - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's drive to get his country into the European Union won strong backing from top EU officials Friday, a week before the bloc's leaders decide whether to open membership talks.
Some of Leaders in United Iraqi Alliance (AP) AP - Some of the main leaders in the United Iraqi Alliance:
U.S. Money Helped Opposition in Ukraine (AP) AP - The Bush administration has spent more than  #36;65 million in the past two years to aid political organizations in Ukraine, paying to bring opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko to meet U.S. leaders and helping to underwrite exit polls indicating he won last month's disputed runoff election.
US Supreme Court to hear appeal on music-swapping, copyright (AFP) AFP - The US Supreme Court agreed to hear a case on whether music-swapping services can be held liable for copyright infringement if their networks are used for illegal digital copies.
Yushchenko in hospital for tests Ukraine's presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko is having tests in Austria into his mystery illness.
Sources: Sprint, Nextel closing in on \$36B deal DECEMBER 10, 2004 (REUTERS) - Sprint Corp. is in advanced talks to buy Nextel Communications Inc. for more than \$36 billion in a mostly stock deal that would combine the No.
Mobile phone users double since 2000 A report out yesterday from the International Telecommunication Union says that mobile phone users have doubled since the year 2000.
UPDATE 2-Bank of America says moves 300 more jobs to Boston Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which suffered bad publicity over layoffs at former Fleet branches, on Friday said it will move an additional 300 jobs to Boston next year.
Bristol-Myers to Seek Over-The-Counter OK Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said Friday that it plans to pursue Food and Drug Administration approval to sell an over-the-counter version of its cholesterol-lowering drug, Pravachol.
Update 2: Winn-Dixie Forces Out CEO Frank Lazaran Supermarket giant Winn-Dixie Stores Inc., struggling against competition from Wal-Mart and other grocery chains, named a new president and chief executive officer Friday, forcing out its previous leader after less than 18 months on the job.
Video Gamer Makers Undeterred by Mixed Sales Data Shares of the leading video game software publishers traded higher Friday despite mixed November sales. US sales of console games -- those made for Sony #39;s (SNE:NYSE - news - research) PlayStation 2, Microsoft #39;s 
Shell: Gemstar-TV Guide Replaces CEO With Battista, Reportedly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Switching channels. Jeff Shell is out and Rich Battista is in as chief executive at Gemstar-TV Guide International (nasdaq: GMST - news - people ). According to the Los Angeles Times, Shell is resigning to 
Search companies vye for the desktop All the major Web portals seem to be rushing delivery on one product this holiday: desktop search software. Microsoft plans to introduce a test version of its desktop search application in the coming days, meeting its stated deadline by a nose.
Access to Kazaa Not Blockable? That #39;s what Philip Morle told an Australian court, and he ought to know--he #39;s Sharman Networks #39; chief technology officer.
JBoss aims high with Enterprise Middleware System DECEMBER 10, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Open-source vendor JBoss Inc. on Monday plans to formally announce a stack of middleware software designed to make it more competitive with the sophisticated products sold by companies like IBM, BEA Systems Inc.
A gentleman and a boxer There was a time when knocking out Mike Tyson was boxing #39;s equivalent to beating Ken Jennings at Final Jeopardy. It was the most Heruculean of labors and when it finally happened, it was an international event 
Suns place Voskuhl on IL Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - The Phoenix Suns Friday placed Jake Voskuhl on the injured list after the center had an emergency appendectomy surgery.
Magic #39;s Garrity activated from injured list Oakland, CA (Sports Network) - The Orlando Magic activated forward Pat Garrity from the injured list on Friday and placed forward Brandon Hunter on the IL with a hyperextended right elbow.
Arizona Man to Drop Mike Tyson Car-Beating Charges An Arizona man who claims his car was attacked by Mike Tyson, said on Friday he will drop his criminal complaint against the ex-heavyweight champion for damaging the vehicle outside a local nightspot.
Turkish leader wins EU officials #39; backing Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan #39;s drive to get his country into the European Union won strong backing from top EU officials Friday, a week before the bloc #39;s leaders decide whether to open membership talks.
US Soldier Pleads Guilty to Murdering Iraqi Youth A US soldier has pleaded guilty to murdering a wounded 16-year-old Iraqi boy. Staff Sergeant Johnny Horne was convicted Friday of the unpremeditated murder 
Next step towards military  #39;normality #39; APART from the decision to relax the 1976 military exports embargo, Japan #39;s National Defence Program Outline is not a revolutionary document.
PayPal and Apple iTunes link-up Payment system Paypal announces a tie-up with Apple's iTunes as it continues to secure new business with online retailers.
Safety Regulators Want Recall of Durango, Dakota Trucks Federal safety regulators and DaimlerChrysler are sparring over a problem with Dodge Durango and Dakota trucks. The government believes the defect could lead to wheels falling off and wants a recall, but the company says the problem isn't that serious.
Vodafone faces US lockout if Sprint merges VODAFONE faces losing its last opportunity to gain an independent foothold in the US as the bidding war for Sprint, Americas top US mobile operator, heats up.
First US flight in 30 years is good morning for Vietnam THE first commercial flight between the United States and Vietnam since their war 30 years ago landed yesterday to open a new chapter of cultural and economic exchange between the former foes.
US and EU trade war to flare up again as Airbus takes on Boeing ROBERT ZOELLICK, the United States Trade representative, suggested last night that talks to settle the EU-US trade dispute surrounding subsidies paid to Boeing and 
So who ate all the pies in space? IN SPACE no one can hear you raid the fridge. So the astronauts on the International Space Station orbiting the Earth have found that, despite careful calorie counting, they are running out of food.
Diamondbacks stay active by signing Ortiz The Arizona Diamondbacks kept busy Friday, signing free-agent pitcher Russ Ortiz to a four-year deal a day after agreeing to terms with third baseman Troy Glaus.
Landmark eight-year ban for US sprinter MICHELLE COLLINS, of the United States, the former world indoor 200 metres champion, was suspended for eight years yesterday for drug abuse in a landmark ruling in the fight against doping.
New York bid for Olympic gold tarnished by battle of the titans NEW YORKS rush to build an Olympic stadium has provoked a clash between the citys billionaire mayor and a multimillionaire cable television tycoon that has thrown the Big Apples bid for the 2012 Games into jeopardy.
McGrady puts on finish for the ages against Spurs Tracy McGrady needed only 35 seconds to turn a sure loss into an improbable win and a listless 20-point night into one of the league #39;s most memorable clutch performances.
You know the Bears got jobbed when Pac-10 rivals come to their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;Looks like you were right on about Cal getting passed over for the Rose Bowl bid. I don #39;t think it would have made a bit of difference if Cal had won by 110 points instead of just 10.
Britain welcomes Kufuor victory in Ghana (AFP) AFP - Britain congratulated Ghanaian President John Kufuor on his election victory, and praised the west African state for holding free, fair and transparent elections.
Berlusconi cleared of corruption A TRIUMPHANT Silvio Berlusconi hailed his acquittal on corruption charges by a Milan court yesterday, saying he had never doubted he would be cleared.
Bush to Focus on Tort Reform at Forum (AP) AP - President Bush's main focus during a White House economic conference next week will be big damage awards in lawsuits and the federal deficit, the White House said Friday.
Colombian rebels hand over guns More than 1,400 Colombian paramilitaries hand over their weapons to the country's government.
Two Small SUVs Earn Good Rating In Crash Tests The Insurance Institute For Highway Safety has released new side-impact crash test results for small sport utility vehicles. The 2005 Honda CRV earned a good rating along with the 2005 Ford Escape.
Muglia Updates Windows Server Roadmap In a press tour on Friday, Microsoft senior vice president for Windows Server Bob Muglia updated the Windows Server release schedule for next year.
Hoyer Applauds Decision to Save Hubble WASHINGTON, DC - Congressman Steny Hoyer released the following statement today applauding the National Academy of Sciences National Research Council recommendation to launch a space shuttle mission to save the Hubble Space Telescope.
Some of baseball #39;s biggest names available Christmas time in southern California is strange. Charlie Brown #39;s tree here is a palm. And as the Baseball Winter Meetings opened 
Linfield College QB Nears NCAA TD Mark (AP) AP - Brett Elliott started eight games for Utah before breaking his wrist early last season.
US ex-financier jailed for fraud Martin Frankel,  who defrauded insurance companies out of more than \$200m is jailed for 16 years
Stocks Dip as Dollar Rises and Oil Drops (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks inched lower on Friday but\fresh economic data drove the dollar and bonds higher, while\profit-taking pushed oil prices down after OPEC'S widely\expected decision to curb production.
Sprinter Suspended Sprinter Michelle Collins is suspended for eight years for a doping violation linked to the BALCO scandal.
Rangers Sign Hidalgo Wanting another bat to support their young players, the Rangers agree to a \$5 million, one-year contract with Richard Hidalgo.
Business News for Technology Leaders Delphi #39;s global production volumes and commodity price increases are expected to translate to Q4 revenue of \$6.9-\$7 billion, about \$200 million below the company #39;s previously stated expectations.
Oracle Moves Earnings Forward to Monday Business software maker Oracle Corp. on Friday said it will release its second-quarter earnings before US markets open on Monday, instead of Thursday, due to issues related to its takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc.
Salvation Army bell ringers hushed Maybe you #39;ve noticed already this holiday season - Salvation Army bell ringers are not standing in front of as many stores as they did last year.
Windows Server  #39;R2 #39; Goes to 1,000 Beta Testers Microsoft quietly delivered a first private beta release of Windows Server  quot;R2 quot; to the first of about 1,000 testers Wednesday, company officials confirmed Friday.
Users Still Snookered By Spam falling repeatedly for spam scams that promise software at fire sale prices. In fact, one in five consumers surveyed bought software 
Tremors Under San Andreas Studied The faint tremors, which were detected beneath the town of Cholame, are similar to those discovered in the past two years in Japan and the Pacific Northwest.
Tiger and Monty in the lead Colin Montgomerie walked off the 18th green in a tie for the lead with Tiger Woods at the Target World Challenge, and someone told him the tournament was in his hands.
Wenger refuses to go on lookout for replacement ALTHOUGH the world and his wife might be telling him otherwise, Arsne Wenger prefers to back his own judgment, thank you very much.
Pacers players, fans charged in Detroit NBA fight This is not original reporting. All facts have been gathered from ESPN, the Associated Press, Fox Sports Net, The Indianapolis Star, and The Washington Post.
Diamondbacks add free-agent Ortiz CBC SPORTS ONLINE - After adding slugging third baseman Troy Glaus at baseball #39;s winter meetings, the Arizona Diamondbacks have turned their attention to pitching.
Hidalgo agrees to \$5 million, one-year contract with Texas ANAHEIM, Calif. The Texas Rangers today reached a one-year, five (M) million dollar contract with right fielder Richard Hidalgo. Hidalgo split last season between the Houston Astros and the New York Mets.
Search for Thai Tsunami Dead Narrows to Hard Hit Areas (Reuters) Reuters - Teams searching for bodies in\tsunami-devastated Thailand zeroed in on the hardest hit areas\on Monday, as Thai and Japanese navy ships scoured the seas for\more dead.
Dodge Durango, Dakota Trucks Recalled Bowing to pressure from federal safety regulators, DaimlerChrysler AG is recalling 600,000 Dodge Durango SUVs Dakota pickup trucks because of a defect that can cause their wheels to fall off.
Defense policy overhauled to meet new global threats The government announced Friday plans to conduct a sweeping overhaul of its defense policy, adjusting Japan #39;s armed forces to better handle new threats such as terrorism and giving them a greater global role.
US soldier pleads guilty to killing A US soldier pleaded guilty at a court martial yesterday to killing a severely wounded 16-year-old Iraqi boy during fighting in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district.
Britains HHG sells life services arm for 1bil MELBOURNE: Britains HHG Plc has agreed to sell its life insurance business for 1.025bil to Life Company Investor Group, and plans to return 875mil of the proceeds to shareholders.
Disney to support Blu-Ray Disney announced yesterday that it will support Blu-Ray as its choice for the next generation optical format, instead of the HD-DVD.
Yahoo Plans Desktop Search To Compete With Google, Microsoft Yahoo Inc. plans to release in January the beta version of a desktop search application, as the giant web portal looks to catch Google Inc.
Manchester City vs. Tottenham Nicolas Anelka is fit for Manchester City #39;s Premiership encounter against Tottenham at Eastlands, but the 13million striker will have to be content with a place on the bench.
Militants Claim Responsibility for Bomb Blast in Pakistan Militant nationalists have claimed responsibility for a bomb blast in southwestern Pakistan that killed at least 11 people Friday.
The joys of traveling with a heavy suitcase NEW YORK The holiday season is an especially busy time for global travelers intent on delivering gifts to friends and relatives from faraway places.
How the Airbus A350 and the Boeing 7E7 stack up Seating: The two versions of the A350 would seat between 245 and 285 passengers in a typical three-class configuration. Boeing #39;s 7E7 Dreamliner #39;s three models will accommodate between 217 and 289 passengers.
Xstrata threatens to pull offer Xstrata yesterday threatened to withdraw its hostile 2.9 billion takeover offer for WMC if the Australian miner indicated it would dilute value by paying out up to A\$1 billion in cash to shareholders.
'BitTorrent' Gives Hollywood a Headache (AP) AP - Bram Cohen didn't set out to upset Hollywood movie studios. But his innovative online file-sharing software, BitTorrent, has grown into a piracy problem the film industry is struggling to handle.
Mobile Gadgets Measure Meals on the Go (AP) AP - The most popular dieting brands are now weighing in with calorie counters and nutritional guides designed for personal digital assistants and combination PDA-mobile phones. Just in time for the season of bountiful temptation.
Time for Williams to check his ego into a penthouse suite In a hotel suite in Las Vegas a couple of days ago a fighter unpacked the bags he had carried down from the drab suburban bungalow that had been his rented home.
F1 #39;s plans for London race gather pace Bernie Ecclestone remains in the grip of Christmas spirit. A day after the gift of the British Grand Prix, given a July 10 date at yesterday #39;s FIA world council meeting, Formula One #39;s commercial 
Carter placed on injured list with strained Achilles tendon TORONTO (CP) - The Raptors placed Vince Carter on the injured list Friday with a strained left Achilles tendon. The guard/forward injured his Achilles in the first minute of the second half of Toronto #39;s loss at Detroit on Wednesday night.
Union bosses owe players an apology Tough steroid testing is on the way, apparently. It #39;s too bad that it took ugly BALCO testimony and Senate threats to force Don Fehr and Gene Orza, the leaders of the union, to pull their heads out of the sand.
Brazelton wins Tony Conigliaro Award Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay Devil Rays pitcher Dewon Brazelton captured the Tony Conigliaro Award. The honor is presented annually to the player who overcomes adversity through the attributes of spirit, determination and courage.
With Holiday Season Half Over, Web Sales on Track (Reuters) Reuters - Online holiday spending,\excluding travel and auctions, was  #36;8.41 billion between Nov. 1\through Dec. 5, up 23 percent from the year-ago period and on\track to meet estimates, comScore Networks said Friday.
Thomson To Support Both HD DVD and Blu-ray (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Thomson, owner of the Technicolor brand and maker of Thomson and RCA DVD players, has announced that it will support both contending next-generation DVD formats. It will manufacture both HD DVD and Blu-ray disks through Technicolor, but manufacture only HD DVD players.
Sprint, Nextel Stocks Up on Merger Reports (AP) AP - Wall Street was abuzz Friday over a potential merger between Sprint and Nextel, though the companies declined to comment on a slew of news reports that they are negotiating to combine to create a celluar provider that would almost rival Cingular Wireless and Verizon Wireless in size.
Oracle Moves Earnings Forward to Monday (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker Oracle\Corp.  on Friday said it will release its\second-quarter earnings before U.S. markets open on Monday,\instead of Thursday, due to issues related to its takeover bid\for PeopleSoft Inc. that may come up in court later on Monday.
Search heads toward enterprise desktops (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Desktop search has its sights set on corporate PCs, leaving enterprise IT wary of potential security issues associated with the highly anticipated tools.
Apple: ITunes Music Store Accepts PayPal (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  on\Friday said customers of its iTunes online music store can now\use eBay Inc.'s  online payment service PayPal to buy\songs and audio books, becoming the second major online music\store to do so.
Ice-Age Ivory Flute Found in German Cave (Reuters) Reuters - A 35,000-year-old flute made from a\woolly mammoth's ivory tusk has been unearthed in a German cave\by archaeologists, the University of Tuebingen said on Friday.
Ancient Gold Mask to Be Returned to Peru (Reuters) Reuters - A gold mask dating back more than\1,000 years to a pre-Inca civilization in northern Peru will be\returned home next year after being turned in to police by a\collector in Italy, a museum official said on Friday.
'After Kyoto' Takes Center Stage at Climate Talks (Reuters) Reuters - The Kyoto agreement to\reduce greenhouse gas emissions doesn't take effect for two\months, but climate change negotiators are already fixated on\what happens when it expires in 2012.
Strong Meteor Shower Peaks Monday Night (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - If you were disappointed \  with the meager showing put on by this year's Leonid meteor shower, don't fret. \  What could be the best meteor display of the year is scheduled to reach its \  peak on Monday night, Dec. 13.
ISS Crew Counts Calories as Food Supply Runs Low (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - With nbsp;food stores nbsp;running low, the two \astronauts living aboard the International Space Station (ISS) are cutting back \their meal intake and awaiting a critical cargo nbsp;delivery expected to arrive \on Dec. 25.
Development May Endanger Protected Species (AP) AP - The Bush administration said Friday it will allow developers to complete construction and other projects even after belated discoveries that the work could endanger protected species.
What mistakes do Techno Utopians make? &lt;strong&gt;Votes, Bits Bytes&lt;/strong&gt; Boston bound? Speak your brains at our Andrew
In net politics, it's God vs Dog &lt;strong&gt;Votes, Bits Bytes&lt;/strong&gt; Meetup founder puts Pugs against Repubs
US missile defence test delayed Bad weather forces the US to cancel the first full flight test of its national missile defence system in nearly two years.
Paypal and Apple iTunes link-up Payment system Paypal announces a tie-up with Apple's iTunes as it continues to secure new business with online retailers.
Peoplesoft announces meeting date Peoplesoft nominates its four current directors to retain their seats on the company board as it bids to see off a takeover by Oracle.
U.S. Video Games Sales Up 11 Pct in Nov.-Analysts  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Sales of video games rose about 11  percent in the United States in November, analysts said on  Friday, with two key titles responsible for almost 30 percent  of all games sold in the month.
Supreme Court to Look At File Sharing The Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider whether two Internet file-sharing services may be held responsible for their customers' online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
U.S. Said Showing New Flexibility in N.Korea Talks (Reuters) Reuters - The United States showed some new\flexibility in recent talks with North Korea on the nuclear\issue but Pyongyang was unimpressed and is resisting\participation in a new round of formal six-party negotiations,\U.S. officials and experts said on Friday.
Why do Workouts Work? Most machines don't improve with use. Old pickup trucks don't gradually become Ferraris just by driving them fast, and a pocket calculator won't change into a supercomputer by crunching lots of numbers. The human body is different...
Crows as Clever as Great Apes, Study Says While crows have a reputation for being clever birds, research now suggests they could be as intelligent as great apes.
Guatemala to Create Mayan University (AP) AP - Guatemalan academics will create a university dedicated to rescuing and developing the ancient knowledge of the country's majority Mayan cultures, the nation's president said Friday.
Deep Tremors Detected Along San Andreas Fault Seismologists have detected deep, non-volcanic tremors lasting up to 20 minutes along the San Andreas Fault in central California. The discovery suggests earthquakes may have deeper origins than previously thought.
"Hotel Rwanda" Portrays Hero Who Fought Genocide When Rwanda plummeted into genocide ten years ago, the event transformed a genial hotelier into an unlikely hero. A new film, &lt;I&gt;Hotel Rwanda,&lt;/I&gt; recounts his story.
Rwandan, Kenyan Named Winners of 2004 Conservation Award Two wildlife champions, Michel Masozera, Rwanda country director for the Wildlife Conservation Society, and Ali Kaka, executive director of Kenya's East African Wild Life Society, are this year's winners of the National Geographic Society/Buffett Award for Leadership in African Conservation.
U.S. Jet Flight to Vietnam Makes History (AP) AP - United Airlines became the first U.S. carrier to fly to Vietnam since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, marking a new milestone in relations between the former enemies as VIPs on board were greeted at the airport with lotus blossoms and silk lanterns.
ISPs fear losing broadband rights Small ISPs worry that a FCC decison could take away their ability to offer DSL.
Offshoring observers square off A Webcast lets you hear directly from major commentators on shipping work abroad.
Oracle Moves Earnings Forward to Monday  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker Oracle  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said it will release its  second-quarter earnings before U.S. markets open on Monday,  instead of Thursday, due to issues related to its takeover bid  for PeopleSoft Inc. that may come up in court later on Monday.
U.S. Said Showing New Flexibility in N.Korea Talks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States showed some new  flexibility in recent talks with North Korea on the nuclear  issue but Pyongyang was unimpressed and is resisting  participation in a new round of formal six-party negotiations,  U.S. officials and experts said on Friday.
U.S. Demands Cambodia Action in Sex Trafficking Case  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. diplomat in charge of  combating trafficking in people demanded on Friday that  Cambodia free 91 women and children abducted from a shelter a  day after police had rescued them from a brothel.
US ex-financier jailed for fraud Martin Frankel,  who defrauded insurance companies out of more than \$200m is sentenced to more than 16 years in jail.
Finger test 'spots heart disease' A fingertip test could detect patients in the earliest stages of heart disease, US scientists have claimed.
Life in the IT fun house For IT professionals, working in IT during the past few years has been a frightening whiplash tour through a carnival fun house. In the foyer of this (not so fun) fun house -- known as the 2001 Room -- the gag is simple: A rug is pulled out from under those fortunate enough to be standing, while others tumble down a dark chute, passing flashing neon signs that read layoffs and consolidation. In the background, the cacophony of late-night conference calls to Bangalore blares over loudspeakers.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714255;9651165;g?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730403idlp"&gt;SBC Datacomm White Paper&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Find out how Crate   Barrel expects to save \$180,000 by moving to VoIP, compared to a traditional PBX.&lt;/p&gt;
Grokster case set for Supreme Court WASHINGTON - The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear a case focusing on whether peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software vendors should be penalized for unauthorized file trading when their software is used.
Sun executive talks up NAS strategy  Sun Microsystems is planning to beef up its network-attached storage product line with support for utility computing and its new zettabyte file system, according to Balint Fleischer, vice president and CTO of the network storage products group
JBoss aims high with Enterprise Middleware System JBoss Inc. on Monday plans to announce its JBoss Enterprise Middleware System, which includes a number of open-source projects the company plans to integrate into a single software offering.
Data center virtualization, systems management coming from Cisco Cisco executives told analysts this week that the company plans to take data center virtualization into areas such as application-aware switching and will partner to provide systems management software.
Cisco users see some pricing relief Although many IT managers have accepted paying premium prices for Cisco's networking devices, some users and analysts said Cisco products aren't quite as pricey as they used to be.
IBM claims virtualization victory over EMC IBM is claiming a storage management victory over EMC, saying it can now control its leading competitor's entire line of storage arrays with the latest version its SAN Volume Controller appliance.
Q A Part 2: Cisco's John Chambers on the '01 downturn, recovery Today marks the 20th anniversary of the founding of Cisco Systems, and the company's CEO, John Chambers, took time this week to talk about where his company has been, mistakes it's made and where it's going now.
Sprint: No comment on reported Nextel merger talks Sprint declined to comment on rumored merger talks with Nextel Communications, first reported yesterday.
CSOs see viruses, worms as top security challenge for '05 Worms, viruses and Trojan horses will remain a top security concern in 2005, according to executives at this week's CSO Interchange forum in New York.
Desktop search avalanche set to hit Two months after Internet search leader Google offered a test version of a desktop search tool, Microsoft, Yahoo and Ask Jeeves are all set to follow suit.
Longhorn Server to have one version for many roles SAN FRANCISCO - Microsoftwill let customers configure the next major release of Windows Server for specific server tasks, rather than selling a host of different Windows Server Longhorn editions tailored to those tasks, a company executive said Friday.
We #39;re good for policyholders, says Osmond Hugh Osmond, the pubs-to-pizzas entrepreneur leading the , yesterday outlined a vision of delivering much better investment returns to policyholders stranded in closed with-profit funds.
Sun eyes home users with Sun Ray update SAN FRANCISCO - Sun Microsystems on Monday will update its Sun Ray platform with new workstations and server software that company executives believe will give the thin client devices a foothold among home users.
Jordan Says Wizards Won't Tolerate Guff (AP) AP - Kwame Brown's boycott of a team huddle during a game was an example of immaturity that will not be tolerated, according to Washington Wizards coach Eddie Jordan.
Dewon Brazelton Wins Conigliaro Award (AP) AP - Tampa Bay pitcher Dewon Brazelton, who bounced from home to home with a twin brother who has cerebral palsy, will receive the Tony Conigliaro Award for overcoming adversity through spirit, determination and courage.
Phishing Web sites grew by 33 percent in November BOSTON - The number of phishing Web sites associated with online identity theft scams grew by 33 percent in November, after dropping off in September and early October, according to data compiled by the Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG) and shared with IDG News Service.
Search heads toward enterprise desktops Desktop search has its sights set on corporate PCs, leaving enterprise IT wary of potential security issues associated with the highly anticipated tools.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Serena boosts IDEs, collaboration in change management Serena Software this week announced improvements to its enterprise change management system, Serena ChangeMan Dimensions.
Cape Clear boosts business processes in ESB Cape Clear Software this week is upgrading its ESB with the release of Cape Clear 6, enabling development of business process workflows based on BPEL.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
JBoss set to shine with JEMS middleware stack JBoss on Monday plans to flesh out details of its open source middleware stack consisting largely of existing software technologies, with the company intending to fill out the stack over time.
Supreme Court Will Hear Grokster Case Lower courts had ruled that the companies are not liable for copyright violations committed by users.
Jordan Makes Statement Wizards coach Eddie Jordan says the team is making a statement that immaturity will not be tolerated by suspending Kwame Brown one game for not taking part in a team huddle during a loss to Denver.
Portis Fined for Socks Clinton Portis was fined \$5,000 by the NFL for wearing a pair of red socks last week, violating the league's uniform rules.
Moreover Technologies Offers Blog Ping Service Moreover Technologies Offers Blog Ping Service\\Moreover Technologies, a provider of syndicated news and online information, this week announced a new service that enables bloggers to significantly expand the distribution of their content by automatically notifying Moreover the instant new content is published. The Moreover Ping Server ensures rapid inclusion into ...
MSN Beta - An SEOs Dream Search Engine MSN Beta - An SEO's Dream Search Engine\\MSN Beta is still serving up results that make any SEO jump for joy. It is very easy for many SEOs to rank well in the new Beta Search engine by MSN. A thread at SEO Chat asks the question, How long will ...
Google Has A New One for the Labs - Google Suggest Google Has A New One for the Labs - Google Suggest\\Google's Labs has popped out a new beta - Google Suggest. Google Suggest looks like the regular Google search, except as you type in keywords Google -- surprise! -- tries to guess what you could be typing. The really nifty ...
News: DirecTV hacker sentenced to seven years A Canadian man arrested in the U.S. was allegedly responsible for putting 68,000 hacked smart cards on the street.\
iPod for Schoolwork Mark Glassman writes in the New York Times,  #147;At the Brearley School, a private school for girls on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, where Samantha is in the eighth grade, the iPod went from a  #145;want #146; to a  #145;must have #146; this year when its use was incorporated into foreign-language and classics courses. #148; Free registration required Dec 10
Gadget of the Year: iPod mini  #147;The Apple iPod mini, at \$249, is my choice as 2004 #146;s hottest high-tech gadget, #148; writes Mike Wendland in the Detroit Free Press.  #147;All of the iPods are awesome. But this little package, weighing in at 3.6 ounces, a half-inch thick and the size of a business card, is so slick and so sleek that all I can say is: Sweet  #133; And it delivers a sound quality so big and so pristine that it #146;s hard to believe it #146;s coming from something so tiny. It #146;s cutting-edge, high-tech chicness. #148; Dec 10
Best of Year: iMac G5 Naming the iMac G5 one of its Best Products of the Year, Fortune writes,  #147;An engineering marvel, the new iMac tucks the computer and speakers inside the expansive flat-panel display  #151;  #145;an advance as welcome as the day that VCR/DVD players were encased in the TV monitor box, #146; says Thompson Paul Thompson, director of the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum. Built-in wireless technology lets you use a cable-free keyboard and mouse. #148; Dec 10
Use PayPal at US iTunes Music Store The iTunes Music Store in the US will now accept PayPal for purchases of music downloads, audiobooks and gift certificates. Starting today, iTunes Music Store purchases can be funded through PayPal #146;s virtual wallet, allowing customers to pay in the way they prefer  #151; using a credit card, bank account or stored account balance. Dec 10
Sprint-Nextel Deal Talk Sparks Concern  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The prospect of a deal between Sprint  and Nextel Communications sparked concerns on Friday about a  shrinking U.S. market for mobile network equipment, sending  shares of Nextel's key supplier Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt; down  almost 8 percent.
Sprint, Nextel Reportedly Near Merger The merger deal between Sprint and Nextel, which reportedly has not been finalized, is being described as a merger of equals that would create the third largest US cellular carrier with nearly 39 million subscribers.
Chrysler to recall 600,000 SUVs, pick-ups DETROIT, United States (AFP) - Under pressure from US regulators, DaimlerChrysler #39;s Chrysler Group said it would recall more than half a million trucks over ball joint defects that can cause the wheels of the vehicle to separate from the body.
Finley Signs  #36;14 Million Deal With Angels (AP) AP - The Anaheim Angels rounded out their starting outfield Friday, agreeing to a  #36;14 million, two-year contract with center fielder Steve Finley.
Get smart, baseball; start stricter testing Major League Baseball players finally came to their senses this week, telling their lawyers to reach an agreement on tougher testing for steroids.
Nobel Peace Prize awarded Environmentalists around the world are holding their heads a little higher. Wangari Maathai is being honored for her work in preserving the earth.
Coburn Wants to Keep Delivering Babies (AP) AP - Republican Sen.-elect Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, a politician and an obstetrician, wants to deliver more babies after he takes office Jan. 4, a request apparently at odds with Senate conflict-of-interest rules.
N.M. Church May Use Special Tea for Now (AP) AP - The U.S. Supreme Court sided Friday with a New Mexico church that wants to use hallucinogenic tea as part of its Christmas services, despite government objections that the tea is illegal and potentially dangerous.
China Aviation Oil Company illegal behavior: SASAC China #39;s state assets watchdog said here Friday that the derivatives trading of China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. was in violation of the rules, and the company exceeded its authority in deciding to endorse the trading.
Oil Prices Skid as U.S. Winter Stays Mild  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slid on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.
McNair sits out practice again, Carter added to injury list Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair sat out another practice Friday with a bruised sternum, and didn #39;t even try to throw even though coach Jeff Fisher said the injury is healing.
Diamondbacks Keep Busy; Ortiz Heading Home  ANAHEIM, Calif., (Sports Network) - The Arizona  Diamondbacks continued their offseason makeover Friday as they  signed free agent pitcher Russ Ortiz to a four-year contract.
Observers: reported deal good for Sprint, better for Nextel Sprint Corp. appears to be on the verge of the boldest move of CEO Gary Forsee #39;s 18-month tenure: A \$36 billion merger with rival wireless company Nextel Communications Inc.
Energy proposal pushes debate toward center A nonpartisan group that includes advocates for business, labor, consumers, and the environment gave a significant nudge this week to the effort to craft a national energy policy.
Spirits of Prohibition Vestiges of the failed social policy of the alcohol ban early in the past century still linger in state liquor laws, but the current US Supreme Court battle over direct interstate sales of wine has less to do with Prohibition than protectionism.
Electronics giant Thomson to introduce HD DVD players in 2005 PARIS (CP) - The electronics giant that operates under the Thomson, RCA and Technicolor brand names said Friday it will introduce high-definition DVD players next year and support two recording formats, HD DVD and Blu-ray.
Cyber-Security Office Calls for More Clout The office in charge of cyber-security in the Department of Homeland Security is planning to continue moving ahead on the agenda the agency has already set.
Berlusconi proved to have bribed judge but avoids prison Silvio Berlusconi, the Houdini of European politics, escaped jail last night on charges of bribing Roman judges. At the end of the Prime Minister #39;s trial in Milan, judges cleared him 
Kerry Pays Nostalgic Visit to Iowa (AP) AP - John Kerry paid an emotional return visit Friday to the state that launched him toward his party's nomination for president, saying he felt "an unbelievable wave of nostalgia."
'Climate Witnesses' Testify About Warming (AP) AP - A Nepalese Sherpa fears his mountain valley will be flooded by melting glacier runoff high in the Himalayas. A Fiji islander frets about rising sea levels, while villagers cope with the destruction of mangrove swamps in India.
Cambodian sex workers abducted Armed men abduct more than 80 women from a shelter for rescued sex workers in Cambodia's capital.
Babb #39;s Bits: The Notre Dame Dilemma Some are undoubtedly asking - Why another Notre Dame article? Hasnt every media hack in the United States and even China written something on this the last two weeks?
In Conte's '20/20' Remarks, Legal Experts See a Risk As lacerating as Victor Conte Jr.'s remarks were about widespread doping in elite sport, his appearance on the ABC program was also puzzling to legal experts.
Afghans' Gains Face Big Threat in Drug Traffic A U.S. report warns that an increase in poppy cultivation will expand the influence of drug lords on Afghanistan's government.
All Corruption Charges Against Berlusconi Are Dismissed A panel absolved Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy of corruption charges, ending a trial that had dragged on for more than four years.
Southwest Offers \$100 Million for ATA Assets The move by Southwest was a sign of the competition that is emerging in the low-fare segment of the industry.
Variations on Power to the People In the Enron bankruptcy tale, one of the more intriguing sideshows involves the fate of Portland General Electric, the only energy-producing asset Enron actually owned.
MBNA Stops Unsolicited Switching of Customer Credit Cards The MBNA Corporation has decided that it should ask for permission before switching its customers' credit cards to American Express cards.
Holmes Will Return Despite a knee injury that ended his season, the Chiefs' Priest Holmes says he is "definitely 100 percent" planning to be back for 2005.
Wireless telecoms sector leads the way For the past year, ever since the AT amp;T Wireless management first put the then third-largest US mobile phone group on the auction block, Wall Street has been abuzz with rumours and 
From Lenovo of China to that of the world  quot;On behalf of the Board of the Lenovo Directors I am honored to announced to the world that Lenovo Group has bought IBM #39;s PC division for US\$1.25 billion.
Airbus given go-ahead for A350 marketing Airbus was given the go-ahead yesterday by its shareholders - EADS and BAE Systems - to start marketing its planned A350 mid-range aircraft to airlines, heralding 
German workers feel chill of General Motors job cuts By Hugh Williamson in Berlin and Richard Milne in Rsselsheim. The mood at Opel #39;s Rssel-heim factory near Frankfurt was as chilly yesterday as the weather.
Bristol-Myers Squibb seeks to sell cholesterol medicine over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bristol-Myers Squibb plans to ask US regulators to allow it to sell Pravachol over the counter, in a move that could shake up the growing, lucrative market for cholesterol-reducing drugs.
Wholesale Prices Rose 0.5 in November Wholesale prices increased 0.5 percent in November, reflecting the biggest jump in natural gas costs since March 2003, the Labor Department said yesterday.
Stocks: Confidence data push shares higher NEW YORK Stocks rose slightly on Friday as a rise in consumer confidence was offset by an unexpected jump in US producer prices, spurring inflation concerns.
Local wineries eyeing Supreme Court debate Though Vern Holm is just getting into the wine business, his enterprise could be greatly impacted by the overturning of a prohibition-era law.
Eight-year ban for Collins The United States Anti-Doping Agency last night banned the sprinter Michelle Collins for eight years, even though she has never tested positive for drugs, in a case which could have serious repercussions for Marion Jones.
Nuggets add to Raptors woes TORONTO (CP) - With an injured Vince Carter on the bench, the Toronto Raptors dropped their sixth straight game Friday, 101-87 to the Denver Nuggets.
Three teams in the running to be winter champions in Germany BERLIN: Three teams have the chance to lift the honorific title of  #39;winter champions #39; heading into the final weekend of fixtures before the Bundesliga takes a five-week winter hiatus.
Mets still hoping to land Martinez Pedro Martinez is still available, and the New York Mets still believe they have a realistic chance to land him.  quot;Do we have hope of signing him?
Afghans #39; Gains Face Big Threat in Drug Traffic Poppy cultivation and opium production will continue to increase in Afghanistan, expanding the dangerous influence of drug lords at all levels of the government of President 
Bucknell Stuns Pitt No. 10 Pittsburgh suffers its first loss of the season Sunday to Bucknell, 69-66. The defeat snaps the Panthers' 48-game non-conference home winning streak.
Airbus to launch A350 to rival Boeing 7E7 PARIS, Dec 10 (AFP) - The European aircraft manufacturer Airbus is to launch a new plane, the A350, that will challenge the future Boeing fuel-efficient 7E7, Airbus owners EADS and BAE Systems announced Friday.
Nextel, Sprint Discuss Merger You didnt read it here first, but its worth noting: Nextel has unique technology that lets them serve businesses who need push-to-talk quite well, but itsa mess of spectrum and 
Teams Eye Free Agents at Winter Meetings (AP) AP - Just down the road from the Magic Kingdom, major league teams toyed with trades and focused on free agents as the winter meetings began Friday.
Heat Stops Cold-Shooting Grizzlies 92-84 (AP) AP - Dwyane Wade narrowly missed a triple-double and Shaquille O'Neal scored 11 of his 20 points in the fourth quarter, awakening just in time to help lift the Miami Heat to an 92-84 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday night.
Pavano Unlikely to Return to Marlins (AP) AP - Carl Pavano probably won't return to the Florida Marlins but needs time to choose among the six American League teams that have courted him.
Fire of London Anyone seeking the secret of Chelsea #39;s success this season need have witnessed only one moment in training yesterday, a second #39;s play that exemplified the spirit, individual 
Manning closes in on Marinos TD mark HOUSTON - With only a few seconds left in a certain victory for Miami, Peyton Manning threw a meaningless 6-yard touchdown pass to Marvin Harrison to cut the score to 24-15.
Notre Dame Trustee Raps Coach's Firing (AP) AP - Notre Dame mishandled the firing of Tyrone Willingham as football coach and is not doing a good job in its search for his replacement, board of trustees member Dave Duerson said Friday.
Bomb in Pakistan market kills at least 11 QUETTA, PAKISTAN - At least 11 people were killed Friday when a powerful bomb went off at a popular outdoor market in the city of Quetta in southwestern Pakistan.
Venezuela military plane crashes CARACAS, Venezuela - A military plane crashed in the mountains near Caracas on Friday, killing all 16 people on board including two high-ranking military officers, officials said.
Iraqi militant group frees abducted Bangladeshi driver: family : World News  gt; Dhaka, Dec 10 : A Bangladeshi truck driver, who was abuducted by an Iraqi militant group nearly two months ago, has been freed, his brother said today.
Manning takes aim at NFL touchdown record WASHINGTON (AFP) - Indianapolis quarterback Peyton Manning can set a National Football League record for touchdown passes in a single season Sunday and secure a playoff spot for the Colts three games before the season #39;s end.
UN welcomes support of United States for Secretary-General 10 December 2004 - One day after the United States Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth gave his full backing to Secretary-General Kofi Annan - who had heard calls for his resignation from certain quarters in that country - a UN spokesman 
Anti-Doping Agency Is Boosted By Ban of Sprinter in Balco Case The United States Anti-Doping Agency received an important validation when sprinter Michelle Collins, 33, received an eight-year suspension on Friday.
Redskins Fined Over Red Socks ASHBURN, Va., Dec. 10 (AP) - Washington Redskins running back Clinton Portis and safety Sean Taylor were fined \$5,000 by the National Football League for wearing red socks in Sunday's game, a violation of the league's uniform rules.
'Deadliest' year in 10 for media In the deadliest year for journalists in a decade, 54 reporters and crew are killed around the world.
Taiwanese Vote Today May Boost Separatism High-stakes elections are likely to reinforce President Chen Shui-bian's drive to bestow more trappings of independence on this self-governing island despite warnings from the Chinese government and the U.S.
Dodge Durango SUVs and Dakota pickups recalled Daimler Chrysler tells CTV News that about 60,000 Canadian vehicles will be included in a massive North American recall that involves more than 600,000 Dodge Durango SUV #39;s and Dakota pickup trucks.
Delphi to cut 8,500 jobs, post 350-million-dollar loss in 2005 New York (dpa) - Delphi Corp., the world #39;s largest auto-parts maker, said Friday that it will cut 8,500 jobs, or nearly 5 per cent of its workforce, next year while it also announced that it would post losses for the fourth quarter and for 2005.
Nets Nudge Hornets 94-91 in Overtime (AP) AP - Jason Kidd hit a go-ahead basket early in overtime, and the Nets denied former coach Byron Scott a win in his return to New Jersey with a 94-91 victory over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night.
N.H.L. Must Determine if It Is Certain About Cost Certainty Aside from scoring public relations points with its latest offer, the players union has forced N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman to make a difficult decision.
Sprint Near Deal to Buy Nextel for \$34 Billion A merger between Sprint and Nextel would create a powerful new cellular competitor with some 39 million customers.
More Questions for Producer of Flu Vaccine The F.D.A. is demanding that Chiron provide more information about its plans to fix widespread sanitary problems at its flu vaccine factory in England.
Oil Prices Decline Sharply, but Shares Dip Anyway Concerns over the economy and potential inflation outweighed a sharp drop in oil prices, sending stocks slightly lower yesterday. All three major indexes were lower for the week as Wall Street #39;s customary year-end rally stalled.
Hill sits out with bruised right shin Grant Hill missed a game for the first time in this season Friday night, a precautionary move because of a badly bruised right shin.
Angels Sign Finley to a Two-Year Deal  ANAHEIM, Calif., (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels on  Friday signed veteran free-agent outfielder Steve Finley to a  two-year deal worth \$14 million, with a club option for the  2007 season.
Cambodia Women's Shelter Closes After Raid (AP) AP - A shelter for women and girls forced into the sex trade temporarily shut its doors Friday after gunmen kidnapped 92 of its occupants and made death threats against the staff, the shelter's director said.
No Fighting the Co-op Board, Even With Talons The story of the hawks evicted from their perch on a Manhattan building serves as a reminder of the power of co-op boards.
Internet Drug Exporters Feel Pressure in Canada The industry has run into regulatory, political and economic pressures that may drive it out of Canada altogether.
Sprint Near Deal to Buy Nextel for \$34 Billion Sprint is near a deal to acquire Nextel Communications for more than \$34 billion in a transaction that would lead to further consolidation in the rapidly changing telecommunications industry 
Nets 94, Hornets 91, OT Jason Kidd hit a go-ahead basket early in overtime, and the Nets denied former coach Byron Scott a win in his return to New Jersey with a 94-91 victory over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night.
Portis, Taylor fined \$5,000 for wearing red socks That was an expensive pair of red socks Clinton Portis wore last week. They #39;re costing him \$5,000. The NFL fined the Washington Redskins running back Friday for violating the league #39;s uniform rules.
Soldier guilty of murdering Iraqi A US soldier is expected to be sentenced today after being found guilty of murder for shooting a severely wounded Iraqi civilian, while the US army pressed its sole supplier of armoured Humvees to increase production amid a growing domestic controversy 
Taiwanese Vote Today May Boost Separatism Taiwan votes Saturday in high-stakes legislative elections likely to reinforce President Chen Shui-bian #39;s drive to bestow more trappings of independence on this self 
End of era: Adieu, VCR The VCR, family home companion around the world during the 1980s and 1990s, is finally slipping into oblivion after a long, slow fall from favor.
Eiffel Tower Opens Elevated Skating Rink (AP) AP - Holiday on ice takes on new meaning when you're high above the rooftops of Paris doing figure eights inside the Eiffel Tower. During the 115 years of the Eiffel Tower's existence, it has added refreshment stands, trinket shops and fancy restaurants  #151; but nothing quite matches the skating rink in the sky that opened to the public Friday.
Record-smashing Kumble slams critics DHAKA - Leading Indian wicket-taker Anil Kumble yesterday brushed aside criticism over his unique bowling style, saying he is a leg-spinner with a difference.
Hawks 88, Pistons 72 Rookie Josh Smith replaced Kenny Anderson at point guard and had career highs of 12 points and four blocks in his first NBA start as the Atlanta Hawks stunned the Detroit Pistons 88-72 Friday night.
UN envoy to Iraq discusses elections with top US official WASHINGTON - The United Nations special envoy to Iraq met with US Deputy Secretary of Defense Richard Armitage Friday to discuss Iraqs January elections, the State Department said.
Turkmen leader reburies relatives Turkmen president moves the remains of his family to a newly-built mausoleum in his home village.
Crawford Financial Resources Inc Small wine producers seek Supreme Court #39;s help in allowing them to make direct shipments to wine-lovers in other states. VIRGINIA WINE makes a great holiday gift, but if the state #39;s wineries send it to your 
Sharon to form new coalition AL QUDS, Dec 10: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly on Friday to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.
Oxyride Battery to Be Sold in the U.S. (AP) AP - A battery developed by Matsushita Electric Industrial that delivers 1.5 times the power of a regular alkaline battery is going on sale in the United States and Europe in April 2005.
Justices Agree to Hear Case on Sharing of Music Files The Supreme Court, accepting urgent pleas from the recording and film industries, agreed on Friday to decide whether the online services that enable copyrighted songs 
Spam-happy shoppers love stolen software Online shoppers are still willing to buy products advertised in spam, indicating that the problem is unlikely to desist anytime soon, a new survey shows.
Nextel, Sprint  Close to  Merger (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Nextel Communications Inc. and Sprint Corp. reached a tentative agreement to merge, a deal that would create the nation's third-biggest mobile-phone company and could bring significant changes to Nextel's Reston headquarters.
Griffin would welcome White into exclusive club If Jason White is named the Heisman Trophy winner he will be one of two players who have gotten the prestigious award twice. Former Ohio State tailback Archie Griffin is the only player to 
Kidd Says Hello, Then Ruins Scott #39;s Return There might not be much love between Nets #39; captain Jason Kidd and his former coach, Byron Scott. But Kidd obviously wanted to make sure everybody on press row 
US soldier guilty of murdering unarmed Iraqi BAGHDAD (AFP) - A US soldier is expected to be sentenced after being found guilty of murder for shooting to death a severely wounded Iraqi civilian, while the US army pressed its sole supplier of armored Humvees to increase production amid a growing 
Terps Falter Again Maryland men's soccer team loses in the semifinals of the NCAA tournament for the third straight year, this time 3-2 to Indiana in overtime.
T'wolves Drop Kings Kevin Garnett narrowly misses a triple-double with 35 points, 18 rebounds and nine assists as Minnesota outlasts Sacramento, 113-105, on Friday night.
Codejack's really hot chili It's winter again, and that means chili time. There's not much better than coming in out of the cold to a good hot (hot!) bowl of chili, preferably served over macaroni with grated cheddar cheese on top. Now, everyone makes chili differently, so of course no one is actually going to follow my recipe exactly, but that's all right. If you want inferior chili, that's your right as an American. Foreigners, you may be out of luck, but then, do you have any business making chili, anyway? This applies to Californians and New Englanders, too.
British Guantanamo Detainee Details Abuse Claims  LONDON (Reuters) - A British man held at the Guantanamo Bay  prison camp in Cuba says he was shackled so long he wet himself  and was forced to clean up his own urine, the Guardian  newspaper reported on Saturday.
Red Cross Warns of Fallujah Risks The organization said that since a U.S. assault last month, sewage was flowing in the streets and hundreds of bodies apparently lay in a warehouse.
Bank of America to add 300 jobs Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will bring 300 more jobs to Boston as part of its wealth management unit.
Prospect of deal triggers concerns Reports that Sprint Corp. may be close to a \$36 billion takeover of Nextel Communications Inc. yesterday alarmed consumer advocates, who predicted it would lead to less competition and higher prices for wireless service.
Diverging Fortunes, Tied to the Dollar Europe fears its exports will be choked off by the dollar's decline, while American manufacturers are rejoicing.
Justices to Hear Case on Sharing of Music Files The Supreme Court agreed on Friday to decide whether online services can be held liable for enabling copyrighted songs and movies to be shared freely.
Sprint Near Deal to Buy Nextel -Sources (Reuters) Reuters - Sprint Corp. is close to\an agreement to buy Nextel Communications Inc. for about  #36;35\billion in a mostly stock deal that would combine the No. 3 and
Cut by OPEC doesn #39;t slow the drop in crude #39;s price OPEC, worried by the recent downward spiral of crude prices, agreed to cut production by 1 million barrels a day at a Friday meeting in Cairo, Egypt, but rather than shoring up prices, the action created a sell-off.
Jetliner is first US one to land in Vietnam since war #39;s end For the first time since the Vietnam War ended, a US commercial airliner landed in Vietnam on Friday night, marking another milestone in the improving relations between two former enemies.
Delphi to Eliminate an Additional 8,500 Jobs Delphi, the world #39;s largest auto parts maker, said Friday that it would cut nearly 5 percent of its work force, or 8,500 jobs, as it copes with the declining fortunes 
Realtors #39; big red kettle aids Target-less ringers Dismayed that Target stores have banned Salvation Army bell ringers, two Ahwatukee Foothills Realtors are bringing the biggest red kettle they can find to their office today and inviting donations.
Netflix CEO rates Blockbuster, Amazon threats Netflix chief executive Reed Hastings said on Friday that Blockbuster has more to lose in the war for online DVD renters than emerging foe Amazon.
Bank of America to add 300 jobs Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will bring 300 more jobs to Boston as part of its wealth management unit. The decision comes after the bank agreed 
Huge Boeing rocket prepared for liftoff today One of the most powerful rockets since The Boeing Co. #39;s Saturn 5 hurled astronauts to the moon more than three decades ago is set to blast away from Cape Canaveral today, weather permitting.
Meteor show will reach peak Monday night One of the year #39;s best meteor showers reaches a peak Monday when, weather permitting, you can expect to see dozens of meteors an hour shooting across the sky.
Williams a timid challenger? Five months ago, Danny Williams beat a shadow. Tonight, he #39;ll try to beat a mountain. Don #39;t bet against the mountain. Williams is the burly British 
Pompey targets Strachan The managerial merry-go-round shows no signs of stopping, with former Southampton boss Gordon Strachan now the favourite to replace new Saints manager Harry Redknapp at Portsmouth.
NBA Wrap: Hawks Stun Injury-Plagued Pistons Tony Delk and Predrag Drobjnak both scored 16 points as the Atlanta Hawks stunned the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons 88-72 in National Basketball Association play Friday in Auburn Hills.
Seven year old Palestinian girl shot by Isreali sholdiers Israeli soldiers killed a seven-year-old Palestinian girl yesterday when they fired at Palestinians in the Khan Younis refugee camp in Gaza.
Women more at risk from climate change: Canadian at UN conference Severe weather caused by global warming can pose greater physical danger to women than men, a Canadian attending a UN conference on climate change said Friday.
Arab, G8 leaders to meet in Morocco on reform in Arab world Leaders of the Group of Eight (G8) industrial nations and about 20 Arab countries across North Africaand the Middle East are scheduled to meet on Saturday here to discuss reforms 
Helicopter crash kills 2 US soldiers in Iraq BAGHDAD - Two US soldiers were killed and four were wounded late Thursday when an airborne helicopter struck one on the ground at an airfield in the northern city of Mosul, military officials said.
High-Volume Toys Called a  Hazard Talking kitchens and vanities. Musical jump ropes and potty seats. Blusterous miniature leaf blowers and vacuum cleaners -- almost as loud as the real things.
Bush Picks Treasury  Deputy to  Lead Energy President Bush nominated Deputy Treasury Secretary Samuel W. Bodman yesterday as his second secretary of energy, tapping an administration veteran to lead the Energy Department at a time of unstable oil prices and rising nuclear proliferation concerns.
Suns Win Again to Tie Seattle Atop NBA (AP) AP - One week ahead of their showdown with Seattle, the Phoenix Suns tied the SuperSonics atop the NBA standings.
Penalties Stiff for Slander in Venezuela (AP) AP - A new penal code approved by Venezuela's Congress would stiffen prison sentences for slander and libel, drawing criticism from opponents of President Hugo Chavez.
Red Sox Reportedly Offer Wells Contract (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox might try to defend their World Series with an even wackier group than the self-proclaimed "bunch of idiots" that ended the franchise's 86-year dynasty of disappointment.
Tendulkar equals world record for test centuries (Reuters) Reuters - Sachin Tendulkar smashed his 34th test century to equal Sunil Gavaskar's world record in the first test against Bangladesh on Saturday.
Kerik Withdraws His Name for Top DHS Job (AP) AP - Bernard Kerik, New York City's former top cop, withdrew his name from consideration to be President Bush's homeland security secretary, a victim of the embarrassing "nanny problem" that has killed the nominations of other prominent officials.
The N.H.L. Must Figure Out If It's Certain on Cost Certainty Aside from scoring public relations points with its latest offer, the players union has forced N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman to make a difficult decision.
Houston On Bench As Knicks Lose Late Allan Houston made his season debut for the Knicks, and although his comeback was successful enough, the night was not.
Montgomerie Is No Stranger to Playing With Woods Colin Montgomerie walked off the 18th green in a tie for the lead with Tiger Woods at the Target World Challenge on Friday.
Sox offer Wells deal As they tried inching closer to signing Pedro Martinez and remained in the hunt for Carl Pavano, the Red Sox yesterday stepped up their pursuit of David Wells as the winter baseball meetings opened, offering the 41-year-old lefthander a one-year, \$6.5 million contract with \$1 million in potential performance bonuses.
Dillon could do a number The Patriots are expected to run all over the Cincinnati Bengals tomorrow at Gillette Stadium. At least that is what the statistics indicate.
World ; First US flight in Vietnam since 1975 World News, HO CHI MINH CITY, A United Airlines plane has landed in Vietnam #39;s Ho Chi Minh City, the first commercial American airliner to fly to the country since the Vietnam War.
For Holmes, return in '05 is chief goal Priest Holmes spoke of retirement after setting an NFL record with 27 touchdowns in 2003. Yesterday, a day after the Kansas City Chiefs put their star running back on injured reserve, he stated his intention to return next season. Holmes, 31, was leading the NFL in rushing and scoring when he strained ligaments in his right knee Nov. 7. This ...
Cincinnati in rush to blitz Coach Bill Belichick expects the Bengals to blitz often tomorrow at Gillette Stadium. Cincinnati has 29 sacks this season, led by Justin Smith with six and Duane Clemons with 5 1/2. The Bengals have intercepted 16 passes and opposing quarterbacks have a 61.7 completion percentage.
Players react to proposal National Hockey League Players Association executive director Bob Goodenow said Thursday night in Toronto that when some members of his constituency found out the union was offering a 24 percent rollback on salaries across the board as one of its concessions to the owners in an effort to forge a new collective bargaining agreement and thereby save part of the ...
Peterson has good shot at being first freshman Heisman winner As always, this year #39;s Heisman Memorial Trophy ballot asks voters to designate one person as the  quot;Outstanding College Football Player of the United States for 2004.
For Brandeis women, situation is unbeatable Few schools boast a list of faculty and alumni as distinguished -- or as eclectic -- as Brandeis University.
Bringing BU together Boston University will raise the curtain on a new \$225 million athletic complex at a gala next week, and its much-anticipated Agganis Arena will host its inaugural hockey game Jan. 3.
UMass walking on air after win The bus ride to the airport in Warwick, R.I., was a raucous one for the University of Massachusetts men's basketball team yesterday afternoon. Over and over, the team watched the highlight from Thursday night when Rashaun Freeman hit the go-ahead basket against Connecticut and then leapt into the crowd with 4.3 seconds left on the clock.
Johnson Wins Butkus Texas linebacker Derrick Johnson wins the Butkus Award on Friday night as the nation's best linebacker.
US soldier jailed for Iraq murder A US soldier is jailed for three years in a plea bargain after the murder of a severely wounded Iraqi teenager.
Ex-World Champion McRae Leads Dakar Rally  LONDON (Reuters) - Ex-world champion Colin McRae took a  narrow lead in the Dakar Rally after winning a 6.2-mile special  stage on the third day outside Granada in Spain Sunday.
College Basketball: Bucknell Upsets No. 10 Pitt  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - Kevin Bettencourt scored five  of his 13 points in the final two minutes to lead Bucknell to a  69-66 upset over 10th-ranked and previously unbeaten  Pittsburgh.
Pakistan arrests militant leader Pakistan says it has arrested the head of a militant Islamic group suspected of kidnapping UN workers in Afghanistan.
Colombia fighters give up weapons  TIBU, Colombia -- The commander of Colombia's paramilitary forces wept and apologized yesterday for his role in a war against Marxist rebels as 1,400 fighters surrendered their weapons in the largest demobilization of an outlawed armed faction in the country's history.
Sharon courts Labor for coalition  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel asked the Labor Party yesterday to join his ruling coalition, a move that would bolster his chances of carrying out a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip next year.
US commercial jetliner touches down in Vietnam, in milestone for 2 nations HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam -- United Airlines became the first US carrier to fly to Vietnam since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, marking a new milestone in relations between the former enemies as dignitaries on board were greeted at the airport with lotus blossoms and silk lanterns.
Human error cited in jet hit by Patriot Army commanders ordered a Patriot missile battery to shoot down a Navy jet during the invasion of Iraq last year after mistaking the aircraft for an incoming Iraqi missile, a military investigation concluded yesterday.
Red Cross gets first look at war-ravaged Fallujah BAGHDAD -- For the first time since a US-led offensive devastated Fallujah, a Red Cross team entered the city and met with Iraqi technicians and engineers to discuss sewage and water treatment needs, a group spokesman said yesterday.
Candidate list hints at Iraq's political future BAGHDAD -- Iraq's future political landscape began taking shape yesterday, as a coalition led by powerful Shi'ite Muslim groups revealed a few of its candidates in next month's parliamentary election. They include former exiles, a prominent cleric, and members of the interim government.
US soldier admits killing injured teen  BAGHDAD -- A US soldier pleaded guilty yesterday to killing a severely wounded Iraqi teenager in what investigators say may have been a mercy killing, the latest of several similar incidents that have undercut efforts by the United States to win support among Iraqis and defeat a rampant insurgency.
In Paris, a slick maneuver tries to lure tourists to Eiffel Tower PARIS -- Holiday on ice takes on new meaning high above the rooftops of Paris doing figure eights inside the Eiffel Tower.
Air Force Set for Test Flight of New Rocket The Air Force is scheduled to launch a new Delta 4 rocket on Saturday in a test that will help determine whether it can become a vehicle to carry billion-dollar military satellites.
Doctor Offers Assurances That Astronauts Won't Go Hungry NASA officials have asked the two astronauts aboard the International Space Station to stretch their food supplies until a cargo ship arrives in a couple of weeks with fresh groceries.
Weather Hinders Search for Ship's Crew as Oil Spill Widens Huge waves and freezing rain hampered efforts on Friday to search for six missing crew members from a wrecked freighter that was spilling its oil into the Bering Sea.
With Food Low, Space Crew Must Cut Back The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station have been asked to curb their calories because of a food shortage, NASA officials said.
OPEC ministers act to stop fall in oil prices HAMISH ROBERTSON: Ministers from the countries that make up the oil producing cartel - OPEC -ave taken action overnight to stop the fall in oil prices.
Airbus targets the 7E7 niche with new plane design Unwilling to concede any corner of the commercial-airplane market to Boeing, Airbus yesterday formalized plans for a new jet that will compete head-to-head with the 7E7.
China #39;s inflation slowed sharply in November BEIJING -- China #39;s inflation rate slowed sharply in November, kept in check by lower price rises for food as government efforts to curb the economy began to bite, official data showed Friday.
Seattle bank agrees with feds on changes Less than a month after posting a hefty drop in quarterly earnings, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle agreed yesterday with its regulator on steps to improve its performance.
Centrica hit by warning of margin pressure at British Gas Centrica, the owner of British Gas, has lost nearly 1 million customers this year after rising fuel costs forced it to increase energy bills.
Napster plans to offer mobile ringtones Online music retailer Napster announced its plans to enter the mobile ringtones market on Thursday. Napster, part of Roxio, Inc., said, it will partner with mobile content publisher Dwango Wireless to deliver ringtones to its mobile customers.
Poor round leaves Els up the creek MALELANE - The story of yesterday #39;s second round at the Dunhill golf Championship was more about the losers than the winners. After shooting a five- under-par 67 on Thursday to lie one shot off leader Bruce 
Collins Hills Winfield signs with USC-Upstate Collins Hill senior Michael Winfield has signed a baseball and academic scholarship with the University of South Carolina Upstate in Spartanburg, SC He is the son of Randy Winfield and Cherie Welday.
Graham sparks Oklahoma St. STILLWATER, OKLA. - Joey Graham scored 20 points and John Lucas III scored nine of his 18 in a 14-0 second-half run to lead fifth-ranked Oklahoma State to an 86-73 victory over UAB on Friday night.
Italian PM acquitted of attempting to bribe judge HAMISH ROBERTSON: The Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi, has been acquitted of attempting to bribe a judge after a marathon court case that #39;s divided the nation.
Chip Shots Over for Chip Investors Figuring out which way the winds are blowing in the chip sector just got harder. Recent news suggests the all-encompassing rally off the September lows has ended and the sector #39;s investors will have to be much more selective going forward.
Drop in flat-panel prices to end, AU Optronics says AU Optronics Corp (  ), the world #39;s third-largest maker of flat-panel displays used in computers and televisions, expects the decline in screen prices that began earlier this year to come to an end as demand rebounds.
'Distribution System Is Not Working' A week into one of  South Asia's most devastating disasters in history, an international campaign to help Indonesia recover has at last moved into gear. But from the airport on, the distribution system slapped together has proved spotty at best.
College Basketball Wrap: Okla. State Vs UAB  STILLWATER, Okla. (Sports Network) - Joey Graham scored 20  points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead fifth-ranked Oklahoma  State to an 86-73 win over Alabama-Birmingham at Gallagher-Iba  Arena.
The Logic Behind a Sprint/Nextel Deal Anyone who has followed the telecom market in recent years knows that this hypercompetitive industry is badly in need of consolidation.
MOUSE HOUSE FLICK IN WORKS The classic power struggle between Walt Disney Co. CEO Michael Eisner and former feared talent agent Michael Ovitz makes for high drama in the courtroom - and apparently on cable.
Woods, Montgomerie match 66s, share lead Tiger Woods and Colin Montgomerie managed a little separation from those in pursuit Friday, each riding tournament-best rounds of 66 to a two-shot lead midway through the Target World Challenge at Sherwood Country Club.
Angels fit Finley into their plans Six years ago, Steve Finley set out to reshape his physique. He began an unorthodox exercise regimen that involved lifting no weight heavier than 50 pounds, a program designed 
Mourinho is happy Premiership play their cards right CHELSEA manager Jose Mourinho loves the rough and tumble of English football, believing a player has to  quot;lose control quot; to get sent off.
Esche willing to trade \$186G for a prosperous NHL The NHL Players #39; Association offered to slash the salary of Flyers goalie Robert Esche by \$186,000 Thursday. Understandably, Esche wasn #39;t real happy about it.
Putin: Iraq Still Too Dangerous for Russian Firms Iraq is still too dangerous for Russian companies to work there, President Vladimir Putin was quoted as saying on Friday.  quot;Our companies are ready to return to Iraq as soon as the necessary 
Bangladesh opposition in 900-km human chain protest (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of Bangladesh opposition activists have gathered on Saturday in cities and urban centres to form an unprecedented 900-km "human chain" to demonstrate no-confidence in the government.
Cricket: Tendulkar equals record India's Sachin Tendulkar ties the record for Test centuries, against Bangladesh.
DaimlerChrysler recalls Durangos Bowing to pressure from federal safety regulators, DaimlerChrysler AG said Friday it is recalling 600,000 trucks and sport-utility vehicles, many of which were made in Delaware at the Durango plant.
White Could Join Griffin in Heisman Club (AP) AP - Archie Griffin has stood alone for 29 years as the only two-time Heisman Trophy winner. Oklahoma quarterback Jason White has a chance to match the former Ohio State tailback Saturday night.
Canada Confirms Second Mad Cow Case Canada on Sunday confirmed its second case of mad cow disease, just days after the United States said it planned to reopen its border to Canadian beef.
Thomson to introduce HD DVD players in 2005 Thomson announced its decision, on Thursday, to introduce HD DVD players, HD DVD and Blu-Ray discs in the market sometime next year.
Jazz Oust Trail Blazers 92-87 (AP) AP - Matt Harpring scored 17 points, including six in overtime, to lift the Utah Jazz past the Portland Trail Blazers 92-87 on Friday night to snap a six-game losing skid.
Williams a timid challenger? Five months ago, Danny Williams beat a shadow. Tonight, he'll try to beat a mountain. Don't bet against the mountain.
Today's schedule College basketball: Men -- Becker at Fitchburg St., 1 p.m.; Daniel Webster at WNEC, 1 p.m.; Long Island at Hartford, 2 p.m.; Framingham St. at WPI, 2 p.m.; Colby-Sawyer at Amherst, 2 p.m.; UMass-Lowell at Southern N.H., 2 p.m.; Keene St. at UMass-Boston, 3 p.m.; Mass. College at Eastern Nazarene, 3 p.m.; Elms at Lasell, 3 p.m.; Bridgewater St. at ...
Dodge SUVs, trucks recalled Failures in the ball joints of Durango SUVs and Dakota pickups prompt DaimlerChrysler to order the recall of 600,000 vehicles. WASHINGTON - Bowing to pressure from federal safety regulators, DaimlerChrysler 
Tiger, Colin share lead at Target event THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- Tiger Woods and Colin Montgomerie tied for the lead at the Target World Challenge on Friday; each shot five-under 66.
Players await league counteroffer If Thursday #39;s unprecedented proposal by the NHL Players #39; Association does not form the basis for an agreement with owners to end the lockout, Avalanche captain Joe Sakic said the NHL #39;s intent would become obvious: to break the players #39; union.
Yankees close to deal with Pavano; Wells to Red Sox? Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees are reportedly closing in on acquiring free-agent starting pitcher Carl Pavano.
OPEC Expects Oil Prices to Recover Next Week as Cuts Are Made OPEC, the producer of more than a third of the world #39;s oil, expects prices will recover from their second-largest drop this year as nations enforce yesterday #39;s decision to lower output, ministers said.
Jan. 19 vote set in Coors, Molson deal Shareholders of Golden-based Adolph Coors Co. and Montreal- based Molson Inc. will cast ballots on the companies #39; proposed multibillion-dollar merger Jan. 19, the brewers said.
D-Back money talks ANAHEIM - With an astounding outlay of \$45 million for a third baseman coming off reconstructive shoulder surgery and another \$33 million for a starting pitcher the Braves weren #39;t even going to use in the postseason, the Arizona Diamondbacks have made a 
Bombers can #39;t leave Wells enough alone ANAHEIM - Funny how one Red Sox championship seems to have changed everything in baseball #39;s world order. Suddenly the Yankees seem to be chasing their hated rivals in the offseason now too, after all those 
Garnett crowns Kings MINNEAPOLIS - Kevin Garnett scored a season-high 35 points and added 18 rebounds with nine assists, helping the Minnesota Timberwolves rally to beat the Sacramento Kings, 113-105, last night.
Houston #39;s return is no remedy for Knicks Older, somewhat run-down with a little rust showing, Allan Houston is like the  #39;57 Mustang collecting dust in your garage. It still runs.
US soldier jailed for murdering Iraqi teenager A US soldier has been sentenced to three years in prison for murdering a severely wounded Iraqi teenager earlier this year, the US military says.
OPEC curbs oil output OPEC served notice yesterday it intends to make money this winter - no matter how mild the weather might be. Meeting in Cairo, the 11-member cartel, which pumps about a third of the world #39;s oil, said it will 
PalmSource Embraces Linux Palm OS merchant PalmSource is buying mobile phone ISV China MobileSoft (CMS) in a \$22.6 million stock deal to tap into the huge Chinese market and the growing popularity of Linux.
US soldier sentenced to three years for murder (OfficialWire) -- 12/11/04 -- Staff Sergeant Johnny Horne, 30, from Winston-Salem, North Carolina has been sentenced to just three years in prison for murdering a severely 
Pakistan blast death toll rises to 10 A bomb planted by suspected Pakistani nationalists killed 10 people and injured at least 21 when it exploded near a military truck in the city of Quetta on Friday, officials said.
Putin: No Objection to Ukraine in EU President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Russia has no objection to Ukraine joining the European Union. If Ukraine wants to enter the EU and is welcomed there, then we can only be pleased, #39; #39; Putin 
Berlusconi Ally Sentenced to 9 Years in Mafia Trial (Reuters) Reuters - An Italian court found a close\political ally and business associate of Prime Minister Silvio\Berlusconi guilty of colluding with the Mafia, and sentenced\him on Saturday to nine years in prison.
Mexican Officials Promote 'Silicon Border' As soon as next year, Mexico plans to break ground on a 15-square-mile science park in Mexicali just south of the U.S. border, Mexican officials said.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
High Court  to Weigh File-Sharing Case The Supreme Court said it would rule on an appeal by movie and record companies, headed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios, that say they should be able to sue the file-sharing services, Grokster Ltd. and StreamCast Networks Inc. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Contractor Maximus Subpoenaed  Maximus Inc., which manages federal programs for state and local governments, disclosed yesterday that federal prosecutors have subpoenaed records connected to Medicaid reimbursement claims it prepared for the District.
OPEC Seeks to Quell Doubts Over Oil Cut  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Saturday said they  had already moved to enforce a deal to rein in excess supply, a  day after doubts over the group's resolve to cut sent prices  into a tailspin.  Oil prices fell 4 percent on Friday to the  lowest level since July despite the cartel's agreement to wipe  out one million barrels per day (bpd) of excess supply from  January 1.
HP lowers PC prices in China The world #39;s number-two PC maker Hewlett-Packard has lowed PC prices in China with the lowest price at 4,000 yuan or 480 US dollars, seen as a response to the recent Lenovo-IBM deal.
High Court To Weigh File Sharing The Supreme Court agreed yesterday to hear the entertainment industry #39;s case against two Internet-based file-sharing services through which millions of people swap music and movies online, a 
Bell-ringer ban strikes sour note DONATING: Summer Ramson,3, gets a hand from her grandmother, Barbara Daliposon, left, and Salvation Army volunteer Donna Clark as she donates money Friday at an Albertsons store on Plumb Lane in Reno.
Oracle Bumps Up Release of 2Q Earnings Oracle Corp. on Friday said it will report fiscal second-quarter earnings three days early to allow more flexibility in testimony related to its hostile bid for rival PeopleSoft Corp.
Nobody strikes the pose better than Reggie Bush College football fans would probably be comparing him to - well, don #39;t take my word for it. Take Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer #39;s, one of the most respected individuals in the game.
Powell Advises Mideast Caution Secretary of State Colin L. Powell prescribed a cautious approach to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict Friday, saying substantial steps toward creation of a 
US Promotes Mideast Reform Amid Arab Skepticism Arab, Muslim and Western nations gather in Morocco on Saturday in an effort to promote economic and political reform in the Middle East that is widely seen within the region as US meddling.
Alleged Afghan kidnap mastermind arrested in Pakistan Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistani security forces have arrested an Afghan militant leader who allegedly masterminded 
Not exactly an idiotic signing This should give pause to anyone who thought the Red Sox might be interested in toning down their image as idiots: They've signed David Wells to a two-year contract late last night.
Giant rocket prepares for lift-off Boeing's huge Delta 4-Heavy rocket, set for lift-off on Saturday, may play a role in life after the space shuttle.
US begins new Afghan operation The US says it has started a new offensive against Taleban and al-Qaeda militants, ahead of a planned poll.
Sprint Near Deal to Buy Nextel -Sources Sprint Corp. is close to an agreement to buy Nextel Communications Inc. for about \$35 billion in a mostly stock deal that would combine the No.
Airbus sees A350 orders ahead The president of European plane maker Airbus said on Saturday he hoped to win around 50 orders for the new wide-body jet A350 by next June.
Frankel sentenced to 16 years for fraud Former financier Martin Frankel was sentenced to 16 years and eight months in prison Friday for masterminding a scheme to loot insurance companies of more than \$200 
US wholesale prices up 0.5 WASHINGTON - US producer prices, a measure of inflation at the wholesale level, rose by a faster-than-expected 0.5 in November, seasonally adjusted Labor Department data showed.
United cuts back United Airlines will cut its US flight capacity 14 after the busy holiday season and add international flights to focus on more profitable routes.
Yahoo! gives! away! free! desktop! search! Yahoo! has licensed the X1 search software for Windows from tech incubator Idealab, in an attempt to compete both with Google #39;s browser-based desktop search download, and the current leader Copernic.
Paypal and iTunes link-up Online payment system Paypal can now be used for purchases by US customers of Apple #39;s iTunes music store. Until now, iTunes accepted credit cards, gift certificates and account balances as forms of payment.
Delta IV readyfor liftoff today The first launch of the Decatur-built, Boeing Delta IV heavy-lift rocket is scheduled today at Cape Canaveral Air Station in Florida.
Yahoo Searches Desktops, Too Yahoo is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google and stay a step ahead of Microsoft in the battle to help users sort through gobs of information on the internet and the desktop.
Formula for GP frenzy FORMULA One #39;s governing body has confirmed the threatened British, French and San Marino Grands Prix on a crowded 19-race calendar for next year.
McKenzie over-takes Hughes in Melbourne Australian David McKenzie upstaged some illustrious rivals with an eight-under-par 64 to lead going into the final round of the Australian Masters in Melbourne.
Wenger: I won #39;t buy another  #39;keeper ARSENAL boss Arsene Wenger last night appeared to quash suggestions that Norwich City #39;s Robert Green is on his New Year shopping list when he said:  quot;I #39;m not looking for another goalkeeper.
NHL Fans Get a Ray of Hope in Ongoing Lockout Description: After months of stalemate and the loss of 400 games, players make a new offer to the National Hockey League involving acceptance of a 24 percent salary cut.
Yearning for more: Sachin eyes 50 tons Sachin Tendulkar today described his record-equalling 34th century as a  quot;turning point quot; in his career. The champion batsman did not agree with suggestions that he had gone past his prime and said he will continue to  quot;hit back quot; at critics.
Bush an unlikely Heisman candidate He doesnt start for No. 1 USC, and ranks second on the team in rushing and receiving. Hesa sophomore, and the previous winners have all been juniors or seniors.
D #39;backs snag Ortiz, too One day after they signed third baseman Troy Glaus to a \$45 million four- year deal, they handed former Giants pitcher Russ Ortiz, who spent the last two years in Atlanta, a four-year, \$33 million contract.
Taiwan Opposition Claims Victory Taiwan's opposition parties, which favor\closer ties with China, claimed victory in the parliament\elections on Saturday, beating President Chen Shui-bian's\pro-independence party after a tight race.
Report: U.S.  Missiles Downed Navy Jet Operators mistakenly took a Navy pilot's F/A-18 Hornet for an incoming Iraqi missile during the spring 2003 invasion of Iraq, the U.S. Central Command said Friday.
Penalties Stiff for Slander in Venezuela A new penal code approved by Venezuela's Congress would stiffen prison sentences for slander and libel, drawing criticism from opponents of President Hugo Chavez.
Mexican Inmates on Death Row Win Review The Supreme Court agreed Friday to decide whether the federal courts must give a hearing to a Mexican inmate on Texas's death row who says the state violated international law by trying him on murder charges without first notifying Mexican diplomats who might have helped him.
Lieberman Shows No Interest in Cabinet (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. Joe Lieberman said Sunday he is not interested in becoming President Bush's national intelligence director or homeland security chief, shooting down speculation he might be under consideration for those jobs.
Arab reform dreams run aground Across most of Amman you could hear the guns blasting out their ceremonial salute, as King Abdullah arrived for the state opening of the Jordanian parliament just a few days ago.
Iran not plotting Shiite  #39;crescent LONDON, Dec 11 (IranMania) - Iraqi Vice-President Ibrahim al-Jaafari refused to believe in remarks published Friday that Iran was attempting to influence Iraqi polls with the aim of creating a  quot;crescent quot; dominated by Shiites in the region.
Presidential candidate arrested A PALESTINIAN presidential candidate was arrested by Israeli authorities for allegedly attacking a border guard at a roadblock near Jerusalem, his party said.
A Catalogue of Genocide The lives of thousands of Holocaust victims are coming to light in a new database that allows anyone with an Internet connection to research the fate of family members and friends sent to Nazi death camps.
New Stealth Spy Satellite Debated on Hill The highly classified program has provoked opposition from lawmakers questioning its necessity and rapidly escalating price.
Oracle Lets Loose  #39;Tsunami #39; Collaboration Suite 10g SAN FRANCISCOOracle Corp. topped off a torrent of product announcements during its OpenWorld customer conference this week with the introduction of its Collaboration Suite 10g, which is designed as a universal 
Tendulkar eager to score more centuries Sachin Tendulkar was thrilled, but not satisfied, by his record-equalling 34th test century against Bangladesh in Dhaka on Saturday.
US soldier jailed for murdering Iraqi teen A US soldier has been sentenced to three years in prison for killing a severely wounded Iraqi teenager, the US military said today.
Don #39;t rush to judge Annan Since the widening controversy over the UN #39;s oil-for-food program bubbled onto the international stage last January, it #39;s been a weapon for conservatives in Congress who want to see Kofi Annan walk the plank.
AU-sponsored peace talks on Darfur crisis set to resume ABUJA, Dec 11 (AFP) -- African Union-sponsored peace negotiations on the crisis in the western Sudanese region of Darfur were to resume Saturday, a spokesman for the continental body told AFP.
Wal-Mart Still Sees Dec. Sales Up 1-3 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Saturday it still expects a 1 percent to 3 percent increase in  December sales at its U.S. stores open at least a year.
Hope Santa Rally Can Outrun the Grinch  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is hoping its traditional  year-end "Santa rally" will pick up steam in the week ahead.
OPEC Seeks to Quell Doubts Over Oil Cut  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Saturday said they  had already moved to rein in excess supply, a day after doubts  over the group's resolve to cut sent prices into a tailspin.
Troops Stay in Touch on Intranet A free collaborative service is an alternative to the military's portal site for sharing photos and family news. A soldier can read bedtime stories to his kids, but it can be scary for folks at home to see what's really going on overseas. By Michelle Delio.
File Sharing Goes to High Court The messy fight between the recording industry and online music swappers will be decided by the Supreme Court, which agrees to hear the case next spring.
Airbus shareholders OK A350 Airbus has received approval from its shareholders, EADS and BAE Systems to begin making firm commercial offers to launch customers for two new members of its wide-body Family.
Morris Hikes Cigarette Prices Altria Group Inc. #39;s Philip Morris USA has started to increase cigarette prices, providing what some analysts consider the first sign of life in the US cigarette market since 2002.
Iraq Insurgents Kill Top Police, Hit U.S. Convoy (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen killed three high-ranking\Iraqi police officers in two separate attacks on Saturday,\among a daily round of bombings and ambushes targeting U.S.\forces and their Iraqi allies.
Palestinian Committee Given Report on Arafat Death (Reuters) Reuters - Yasser Arafat's nephew on\Saturday handed a medical report to a Palestinian committee\investigating the cause of the Palestinian leader's death at a\French hospital on Nov. 11.
Nephew: Suspicions About Arafat's Death (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew said Saturday the lack of a clear reason for his uncle's death raised suspicions the Palestinian leader died of "unnatural" causes.
Congo Army Factions Clash in Eastern Congo-U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - Rival army units in Democratic\Republic of Congo clashed on Saturday not far from Rwanda, the\United Nations said, another sign of the military and political\turmoil in the east of the former Zaire.
Risk-all tactics in aim for glory MELBOURNE golfer David McKenzie today will try to duplicate the aggressive approach which netted a sensational eight-under 64 at Huntingdale yesterday.
Renewal of Peace Process Discussed a Month After Arafat Death The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat a month ago appears to have created a new atmosphere for possible renewal of peace efforts in the Middle East.
Southwest seeks to add 12 ATA gates at Midway The airline has requested use of the gates in a bid to the federal bankruptcy court of Indianapolis for certain ATA Airlines Inc. assets.
Bush Faces Busy January Calendar (AP) AP - A packed calendar awaits President Bush after his vacation in Texas: filling a gaping hole in his Cabinet, preparing his inaugural and State of the Union speeches, finalizing a new budget, keeping close watch on the upcoming elections in Iraq and promoting his second-term agenda.
Franz secures first win of career as Miller misses out Austria #39;s Werner Franz finally collected the maiden World Cup downhill victory of his career Saturday, becoming the first man to beat Bode Miller in the discipline this season.
Reform Needed in Arab World to Defeat Terror-US Secretary of State Colin Powell on Saturday said Middle Eastern economic and political reform would help defeat terrorism but many Arabs dismissed 
Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew hands over Palestinian leader #39;s medical &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nasser al-Kidwa (ahl KIHD #39;-wah), who is also the Palestinian representative to the UN, delivered the 558-page dossier, plus X-rays, to the interim Palestinian president.
OPEC ministers unfazed by oil price drop after output cut CAIRO (AFP) - OPEC ministers played down the significance of an indifferent market reaction to their output cut to shore-up sliding oil prices, insisting that prices would climb again next week.
Industrial Milk Prices Hiked to Help Struggling Farmers Industrial milk prices are on the raise but it #39;s not clear how that will affect the cost of dairy products at your grocery stores.
Amazon Launch DVD Rental Service The UK arm of e-retailer Amazon has announced its plans to launch a DVD rental service. CEO Jeff Bezos announced the plans earlier this week, commenting that Amazon is determined to be the best place to rent DVDs -- online or off.
High Court  To Weigh File Sharing (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Supreme Court agreed yesterday to hear the entertainment industry's case against two Internet-based file-sharing services through which millions of people swap music and movies online, a decision that sets up a potentially decisive digital-age battle over copyright-infringement rules.
Money from China's boom makes way into U.S. economy (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - China's role in the international economy took a big step forward this week when a plucky computer maker named Lenovo bought a majority stake in IBM's personal computer business.
Palestinian elections committee accuses Israel of interference The Palestinian elections committee said Saturday that Israel #39;s arresting of a Palestinian presidential candidate is unconcealed interference.
18,000 U.S. Troops Begin Afghan Offensive (AP) AP - The 18,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan have begun a new offensive to hunt Taliban and al-Qaida militants through the country's harsh winter, aiming to sap their strength ahead of planned spring elections, the American military said Saturday.
Ukraine candidate 'was poisoned' Ukraine opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko's mystery illness was caused by poisoning, doctors say.
Dairy farmers request milk price hike MONCTON - A dairy farmer in northern New Brunswick says the price of milk and other dairy products should reflect reality. Dairy farmers across the country will find out in the next month or so whether they can charge more money for their milk.
Franz wins downhill, Guay 13th VAL D #39;ISERE, France (Ticker) -- Blood, sweat and tears finally paid off for Austrian veteran Werner Franz, who on Saturday collected the very first World Cup downhill win of his 14-year career.
A plea for new thinking The Nobel Peace Prize winner links the pursuit of peace with environmentalism and a shift in humanity #39;s thinking. BY DOUG MELLGREN.
Nephew: Suspicions about Arafat #39;s death Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said Saturday the lack of a diagnosis of what led to his uncle #39;s death last month raised suspicions the Palestinian leader died of  quot;unnatural quot; causes.
BY ABOUT \$10 Airlines up their fares United and Delta airlines on Friday matched an airfare increase that American Airlines launched, but it wasn #39;t clear whether other competitors would follow.
Williams bids to beat Klitschko in Vegas South London fighter Danny Williams is bidding to reclaim the WBC world heavyweight title for Britain when he takes on champion Vitali Klitschko in Las Vegas.
Karni Tunnel as Hamas Hidden Arm into Israels Western Negev Round about 400 arms smuggling tunnels linking Egyptian Sinai to Palestinian Gaza under the Philadelphi border route have been unearthed and destroyed in the last couple of years by Israeli forces.
Citrus Estimates Revised Lower Florida #39;s orange crop dropped to its lowest level in 13 years while the grapefruit crop sank to its lowest point in 69 years. The projected 2004-05 orange crop fell to 168 million 
Berlusconi Ally Convicted of Mafia Ties (AP) AP - A close political ally of Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi was convicted of ties with the Sicilian Mafia on Saturday and sentenced to nine years in prison.
Nigerian Party Chief Slams President (Reuters) Reuters - The head of Nigeria's ruling party\launched an unprecedented attack on President Olusegun Obasanjo\in a letter published on Saturday, warning him that his\government was unpopular and heading for collapse.
Taiwan's Pro-Independence Parties Defeated (AP) AP - Taiwan's pro-independence parties were defeated in legislative elections Saturday, a result sure to please Chinese leaders who regard the island as part of the mainland.
Carsley: Team Spirit Secured Derby Glory Evertons matchwinner Lee Carsley insisted the great team spirit at Goodison Park was the key to their Merseyside derby victory over Liverpool this afternoon.
Somalia #39;s newly-appointed PM dismissed by parliament The Somali parliament on Saturday passed a no-confidence motion against the newly-appointed prime minister and his cabinet, according to an informed senior Somali official in Nairobi.
Taiwan Chen's Pro-Independence Party Loses Poll  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian's party  suffered a surprise defeat on Saturday in elections likely to  be welcomed in Beijing as a step back from what it sees as  dangerous moves toward independence from mainland China.
Myanmar to Release a Further 5,000 Prisoners  YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar's military junta is to release a  further 5,070 prisoners, state media announced on Saturday,  bringing the total number of prisoners released in recent weeks  to more than 14,000.
Arafat file fails to halt rumours The nephew of late Palestinian leader says Yasser Arafat's medical file does not end rumours about his death.
Airbus gets go-ahead for A350 jet European plane maker Airbus won approval from its shareholders on Friday to start a fresh marketing battle against rival Boeing by seeking customers for a new wide-body jet to be known as the A350.
Safety Regulators Want Recall of Durango, Dakota Trucks Federal safety regulators and DaimlerChrysler are sparring over a problem with Dodge Durango and Dakota trucks. The government believes the defect could 
Klitschko #39;s cut problem could be equalizer for Williams LAS VEGAS, United States (AFP) - The oddsmakers have labelled Vitali Klitschko a strong favourite to defend his WCB heavyweight title but the scars over his left eye may be the biggest equalizer for challenger Danny Williams.
Sox eye Wells: GM Epstein says talks on 1-year deal in early &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The lobby of the host hotel is typically considered the hub of activity at Major League Baseball #39;s annual winter meetings, despite the fact that most of 
Baseball #39;s Winter Hearth Is Burning on Cash Russ Ortiz stood at a lectern in a ballroom at baseball #39;s winter meetings on Friday, \$33 million richer. Troy Glaus, his new Arizona Diamondbacks teammate, stood to the side and beamed as he took in the scene.
Seoul Stocks Under Pressure, HK Firmer  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Seoul shares were under pressure  early on Monday as a strong currency fueled worries about  export earnings but Hong Kong and Singapore stocks were  slightly firmer in light post-holiday trade.
SUDAN: AU criticises belligerents for attacks in Darfur NAIROBI, 10 Dec 2004 (IRIN) - The African Union (AU) on Friday strongly criticised Sudan #39;s government and rebel groups for launching attacks in December and late November respectively in the strife-torn western region of Darfur, ahead of a new round of 
Tokyo bourse faces early 2005 slump before rebounding with economy (AFP) AFP - Japanese stocks are expected to slip in early 2005 on a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy but should rebound later in the year in tandem with expected stronger growth, analysts said.
Goods exports up 26 in Nov NEW DELHI: India #39;s merchandise exports in November 2004 have registered a record increase of 26 over the same month last year.
Crawford Gets Subpoena From Spitzer International insurance services firm Crawford  amp; Co. said Friday that it received a subpoena from the office of New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer requesting information in connection with the office #39;s investigation.
Seoul Stocks Under Pressure, HK Firmer (Reuters) Reuters - Seoul shares were under pressure\early on Monday as a strong currency fueled worries about\export earnings but Hong Kong and Singapore stocks were\slightly firmer in light post-holiday trade.
Chicken genome offers insights into humans Here #39;s something to ponder when you eat your next chicken wing: A new study says about 60 percent of the genes in the critter you #39;re eating have close cousins in your own DNA.
Geminids Meteor Shower 13 December 2004 The Geminids Meteor Shower, usually one of the best meteor showers of the year, will peak on Monday the 13th of December. Viewers can expect to see as many as 120 meteors an hour at peak time.
Person of the Week: Aaron Goldin Aaron Goldin, this week #39;s Person of the Week, won the grand prize at the Siemens Westinghouse Competition in Math, Science and Technology.
HP Sells Low Priced PC In China Hewlett-Packard Co. said it has launched a 3,999 yuan (\$483 in the US) computer in China. HP #39;s new model, part of its Pavilion series, features a central processing unit (CPU) from Advanced Micro Devices Inc.
Cheetham surges to lead in S. Africa MALELANE, South Africa (Ticker) - A month ago, Neil Cheetham earned his card for the 2005 European Tour in the Qualifying School Finals at San Roque.
Wells jumps to Red Sox after agreeing to two-year contract The loud lefty known for his unabashed love of Yankees history agreed Saturday to a two-year contract with Boston, a Red Sox official told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
Sports ; Cricket: Sachin hits 34th ton; India 348/7 in Dhaka Test Sports News, Dhaka,Sachin Tendulkar Saturday scored a world record-equalling 34th Test century to help India score 348 for seven wickets in their first innings at the end of the second day of the first Test against Bangladesh here.
Old Firm plum tie in Scottish Cup Tennent #39;s Scottish Cup holders Celtic have been drawn to face Old Firm rivals Rangers in next month #39;s third round. Martin O #39;Neill #39;s men, who knocked out their Glasgow neighbours in the quarter-finals last 
BERLUSCONI TRIAL:COSSIGA, HE MUST GIVE UP DEBARMENT AND RESIGN (AGI) - Rome, Dec. 11 -  quot;He should give up the benefit of debarment and resign from his post as Prime Minister, and eventually stand in the ensuing electoral campaign as the leader of Italy #39;s largest party 
Darfur talks on ambitious peace path The African Union has set an ambitious agenda for a political solution to the two-year-old Darfur conflict at the opening of peace talks in Nigeria, but says continued fighting is poisoning the atmosphere.
Donors urge Rwanda to exercise restraint on Congo International donors urged Rwanda on Friday to exercise restraint in its relations with neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo amid reports Rwandan soldiers had crossed the border to attack rebels.
Newsview: Shifts in Belfast remarkable Belfast used to be a place where you dreaded walking past an abandoned car on a lonely street for fear it might blow up. These days, Belfast is a bustling city 
Dude, linguists are taking the word  #39;dude #39; seriously A linguist from the University of Pittsburgh has published a scholarly paper deconstructing and deciphering the word  quot;dude, quot; contending it is much more than a catchall for 
Winter Break Starts With Bayern Ahead Only in the game #39;s final seconds was Bayern Munich able to secure its place at the top of the Bundesliga table. The Bavarians tied 2-2 at home against Stuttgart in the last game before the winter break.
Silverstone layout may change Motorsport.com. The layout of Silverstone #39;s 5.14 kilometre track may be changed as part of modernising the circuit, according British Racing Drivers #39; Club (BRDC) chief executive Alex Hooton.
 #39;Many more tons to come from Sachin #39;s bat #39; Mumbai: Former Test cricketers, including Polly Umrigar, Dilip Vengsarkar and Bapu Nadkarni, praised batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar equalling former skipper Sunil Gavaskar #39;s 34 Test hundreds against Bangladesh today as  quot;a fantastic feat quot; and said he 
UPDATE 1-McLeish celebrates as Rangers go back to the top Rangers romped to the top of the Scottish Premier League with a 3-0 win over Dundee on Saturday and were later paired with arch rivals Celtic in the Scottish Cup third round.
Wells Joins Red Sox  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - The Boston Red Sox have  signed free agent pitcher David Wells. The deal is believed to  be for two years.
Sharon invites opposition to join coalition Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reached out to his opposition rival with an invitation to enter discussion on forming a new coalition government.
Diamondbacks Keep Busy; Ortiz Heading Home  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks  continued their offseason makeover Friday as they signed free  agent pitcher Russ Ortiz to a four-year contract.
Raptors' Carter Placed on Injured List  TORONTO (Sports Network) - Toronto Raptors All-Star  swingman Vince Carter was placed on the injured list Friday  after tests revealed a mild strain of his left Achilles'  tendon.
OPEC approves cutting oil production (updated AM 00:32) Gulf oil ministers on Saturday shrugged off a sharp decline in oil prices, saying the market #39;s reaction to OPEC #39;s decision the day before to reduce output by 1 million barrels was normal.
Sprint near deal to buy Nextel for \$35 billion Sprint is close to an agreement to buy Nextel for more than \$35 billion in a mostly stock deal, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
Detroit Pistons Team Report - December 11 (Sports Network) - The Detroit Pistons try to get back on the winning track this evening when they start a brief two-game road trip against the Memphis Grizzlies at FedExForum.
Falcons' Michael Vick Throwing Hand Numb (AP) AP - Dallas receiver Keyshawn Johnson broke his left ankle in the second quarter of the Cowboys' game against the New York Giants on Sunday night.
Scientists hail discovery of debris disks For the first time, NASA scientists have observed planet-containing solar systems with disks of dust orbiting their central stars, astronomers announced Thursday.
Eagles Fly Past Hens Andre Ingram scores 20 points to lead American past Delaware, 64-58, on Sunday as the Eagles snap a two-game losing streak.
This Time, Cashman Shows Up, Ready to Buy Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman did not go to the winter meetings last year because George Steinbrenner, the principal owner, wanted to protect the team #39;s secrets.
Everton dreaming of Europe London - Everton emerged from the 200th Merseyside derby on Saturday with a long-awaited victory over Liverpool and their credentials as genuine contenders for a Champions League place significantly enhanced.
Boro snatch a point Middlesbrough came from nowhere to deprive Harry Redknapp of victory in his first match in charge of Southampton with two goals in the dying minutes to snatch a 2-2 draw.
United to cut US flights, non-union pay UAL Corp. #39;s United Airlines said Friday it is following through on its plan to cut \$2 billion in costs by cutting back domestic flights and non-union salaries.
UPDATE 1-Late twist makes Bayern winter champions Bayern Munich did just enough to claim the honorary title of Bundesliga winter champions on Saturday, snatching a 2-2 draw at home to VfB Stuttgart just as Schalke 
Something about Harry You could be forgiven for thinking a military coup has just taken place on the south coast of England. Sven Goran Eriksson, Rupert Lowe and some other bloke.
Myanmar to Release a Further 5,000 Prisoners Myanmar #39;s military junta is to release a further 5,070 prisoners, state media announced on Saturday, bringing the total number of prisoners released in recent weeks to more than 14,000.
Sachin precious than  #39;Kohinoor #39;: Gavaskar DHAKA, Dec 11: Legendary Sunil Gavaskar on Saturday congratulated Sachin Tendulkar for equalling his world record of 34 Test centuries, saying he was more precious to the Indians than even the  #39;Kohinoor #39; and must not stop before 50 centuries.
Downing Stunner Too Late for Sven England hopeful Stewart Downing failed to catch Sven-Goran Erikssons eye today - because the England boss had already left St Marys when the winger produced his spectacular 
Iraqi official blames rebel attacks for worsening fuel shortages Iraq #39;s oil minister on Saturday blamed insurgents for the country #39;s worsening fuel shortages, saying saboteurs have targeted the oil industry to increase pressure ahead of the Jan.
Nephew Suggests Arafat's Death Unnatural (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an "unnatural" death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already believe the late leader was poisoned despite Israel's repeated and vehement denials.
Airbus Hopes for 50 Jet Orders by June  PARIS (Reuters) - The president of European planemaker  Airbus said on Saturday he hoped to win around 50 orders for  the new wide-body jet A350 by next June.
Chrysler, Ford Recall Over 1 Million Vehicles  DETROIT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler's  Chrysler division  said on Friday it was recalling about 600,000 Dodge Durango  sport utility vehicles and Dodge Dakota pickup trucks because  of concerns about their safety.
Saddam's Illicit Trade No Secret to U.S. (AP) AP - Saddam Hussein was dead broke, the result of U.N. penalties. Or so it was thought. So where did the Iraqi president find the money to pursue missile technology from North Korea, air defense systems from Belarus and other prohibited military equipment?
Two die in Colombo concert blast Two people are killed and many injured in an explosion at a concert by an Indian star Shahrukh Khan in Sri Lanka.
Ghana leader vows war on poverty Ghana's newly re-elected president vows to dedicate his second mandate to tackling poverty.
Burmese junta frees 5,070 inmates Burma's ruling junta says it is releasing 5,070 prisoners who were arrested "inappropriately".
Orthodox Church seeks virtual saint The Russian Orthodox clergy are engaged in an intense debate over providing spiritual guide to internet users.
Kerik's Position Was Untenable, Bush Aide Says Bernard B. Kerik, the former homeland security secretary nominee, said he faced an "ugly" process of confirmation.
South America Seeks to Fill the World's Table South America is turning the largely untapped frontier heartland of the continent into the world's new breadbasket.
Bowed by Age and Battered by an Addicted Nephew Two sisters in the 70's lost their life savings, childhood home and dignity to their nephew's crack habit.
Even if Just a Bauble, Luxury Counts for Holidays The luxury market, which, only a few years ago, was struggling, has come back with a bang for the holidays.
Democratic Party Searches for Leader Again Democrats may be experiencing a sense of deja vu as they again search for a leader in a crowded field of candidates with no clear favorite to win. A year ago, the hopefuls were vying for president. Now, a new crop is running to lead the Democratic National Committee.
Athletics: From Tears Of Joy To Eight Year Ban For Collins After her 22.31 victory in the 200 meter semi-finals at the 2003 World Indoor Championships, the first of two national records she would set in as many days, Michelle Collins was fighting back tears.
No. 7 Notre Dame Women Beat Washington (AP) AP - Crystal Erwin scored a career-high 24 points on 9-of-9 shooting and Jacqueline Batteast had 17 points and 10 rebounds, leading seventh-ranked Notre Dame to a 72-58 victory over Washington on Saturday.
Raptors' Carter Placed on Injured List (Reuters) Reuters - Toronto Raptors All-Star\swingman Vince Carter was placed on the injured list Friday\after tests revealed a mild strain of his left Achilles'\tendon.
Bob King, Architect of N.M. Hoops, Dies (AP) AP - Bob King, Larry Bird's first coach at Indiana State and the architect of New Mexico basketball who never had a losing record in 10 seasons with the Lobos, died Friday at 81.
Cheetham Leads Dunhill by a Stroke (AP) AP - England's Nick Cheetham had the only bogey-free round Saturday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that gave him a one-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Championship.
Rangers take lead back with Dundee win Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers went back to the top of the Scottish Premier League (SPL) Saturday with a 3-0 demolition of Dundee.
No. 7 Notre Dame 72, Washington 58 Crystal Erwin scored a career-high 24 points on 9-of-9 shooting and Jacqueline Batteast had 17 points and 10 rebounds, leading seventh-ranked Notre Dame to a 72-48 victory over Washington on Saturday.
Wenger stab at Mourinho Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger insisted he is not surprised by Jose Mourinho turning Chelsea into title contenders - as Claudio Ranieri had already laid the foundations for success.
Russians Beat NHL World Stars 5-4 NHL World Stars #39; Mattias Norstroen, right, fights for the puck with Russia #39;s Alexey Kovalev during an exhibition match between NHL World Stars and Russia at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, Saturday, Dec. 11, 2004.
US Marine killed in Iraq #39;s western Anbar province One US Marine was killed in action Saturday in Iraq #39;s volatile western Anbar province, the military said. The Marine, who was assigned to the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force, was killed  #39; #39;while 
Labour eyes Israel coalition deal Israel's opposition Labour party authorises its leader to begin talks on joining a national unity government.
No. 13 Louisville Holds Off Florida 74-70 (AP) AP - Taquan Dean scored 22 points, Francisco Garcia added 19 and No. 13 Louisville withstood a late rally to beat Florida 74-70 Saturday. Rick Pitino improved to 20-1 against former assistant coaches and players and extended his record to 6-0 against Billy Donovan.
Everton Beats Liverpool in Premier League (AP) AP - Everton beat Liverpool 1-0 Saturday on Lee Carsley's goal in the 68th minute to move into second place in the Premier League.
Rangers take temporary lead in Premier League Rangers took the Premier League lead Saturday in Scotland, defeating Dundee 3-0 on early goals from Spaniard Nacho Novo and Croatian Dado Prso, and a second-half strike from Bob Malcolm.
Weekend Bundesliga Preview The autumn championship is on the line as Bayern Munich host title challengers VfB Stuttgart needing a win to be declared Herbstmeister.
Russians Beat NHL World Stars 5-4 MOSCOW - Nikolai Zherdev and Alexander Perezhogin scored 18 seconds apart Saturday, leading the Russian Stars past the NHL World Stars 5-4 in an exhibition game during the lockout.
Grenade at Sri Lanka Concert Kills Two A grenade exploded at a concert of Indian movie stars and entertainers in Sri Lanka #39;s capital Saturday, killing at least two people and injuring 15, officials said.
Russians Defeat NHLers Captials prospect Alexander Ovechkin leads five different goalscorers as Russian edges the touring NHL World Stars, 5-4, in Moscow on Saturday.
Ex-Colt Counsels Ramsey Former Colts quarterback Bert Jones has lent advice and guidance to fellow Ruston, La., native Patrick Ramsey on everything from hunting to deal with life in the NFL.
Boeing thanks Airbus for the flattery The Boeing Co. is welcoming a decision by its European rival to build a plane that can compete with the Chicago company #39;s 7E7.
Indians Get Rhodes for Lawton, AP Learns (AP) AP - Reliever Arthur Rhodes was traded for the second time in two weeks Saturday, sent from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Cleveland Indians for outfielder Matt Lawton in the first trade of the winter meetings, a baseball official told The Associated Press.
WHERE THERE #39;S A WILL.... It #39;s all very Rocky Balboa, but the amiable Brixton banger knows if he can dispose of Vitali Klitschko, his life will never be the same again.
No. 13 Louisville 74, Florida 70 Taquan Dean scored 22 points, Francisco Garcia added 19 and No. 13 Louisville withstood a late rally to beat Florida 74-70 Saturday.
Wangari Muta Maathai receives Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo A distinctly African setting framed the award of this year #39;s Nobel Peace Prize to the first woman from that continent to receive the prestigious honor.
Grenade Kills Two at Colombo Concert - Police Two people were killed and 11 others wounded on Saturday when a hand grenade was lobbed into the VIP section of the audience at a concert led by Indian film star Sharukh Khan, police said.
WAR-LORD PRESIDENT WOULD NEVER RESOLVE THE ANARCHY IN SOUTHERN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ever since the Republic of Somalia forcefully gained its independence from European colonialists in 1960, the country is plagued by a number of serious problems including clan based governments, bad governance, chronic corruption, nepotism, favouritism 
16 die in Venezuela plane crash A military plane crashed in the mountains near Caracas, killing all 16 persons on board, including two high-ranking military officers, officials said.
Netflix CEO Rates Blockbuster, Amazon Threats (Reuters) Reuters - Netflix Inc chief\executive Reed Hastings said on Friday that Blockbuster Inc has\more to lose in the war for online DVD renters than emerging\foe Amazon.com Inc.
Sprint, Nextel Reportedly to Merge (AP) AP - Wall Street was abuzz Friday over a potential merger between Sprint and Nextel, though the companies declined to comment on a slew of news reports that they are negotiating to combine to create a celluar provider that would almost rival Cingular Wireless and Verizon Wireless in size.
Summit Addresses Greenhouses Gases' Impact (AP) AP - A new report on ecological damage from greenhouse gases dominated the sidelines of a U.N. conference on global warming Saturday as delegates from nearly 200 nations assembled to prepare for the launch next year of the Kyoto Protocol.
A Visit to the Museum of Underappreciated Games  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - You've heard of "Myst,"  "Quake" and "Tomb Raider," but how many people remember  "Obsidian," "Grim Fandango" and "Under A Killing Moon?"
Peres Says Coalition Talks Could Be Resolved in Days (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli opposition leader Shimon\Peres said on Saturday coalition talks between his party and\Prime Minister Ariel Sharon could be resolved in days, a move\likely to avert snap elections and promote a Gaza pullout.
Daschle Ponders Past, Focusing on Future (AP) AP - Tom Daschle says he might consider writing, lecturing or teaching now that his Nov. 2 election loss has cost him his Senate seat and the job of Senate minority leader.
Yushchenko Was Poisoned by Dioxin - Doctors  VIENNA (Reuters) - The man who hopes to become Ukraine's  next president was the victim of poisoning by dioxin -- a toxic  chemical that can easily be administered in soup containing  cream, Austrian doctors said on Saturday.
Peres Says Coalition Talks Could Be Resolved in Days  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli opposition leader Shimon  Peres said on Saturday coalition talks between his party and  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon could be resolved in days, a move  likely to avert snap elections and promote a Gaza pullout.
Kufuor's Party Strengthens Majority in Ghana  ACCRA, Dec 11 (Reuters) - The governing party in Ghana  widened its majority in parliament at elections last week which  also gave President John Kufuor a second and final four-year  mandate in the world's number two cocoa grower.
Spain Holds Syrian, Alleges Militant Islamist Links  MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish judge leading the probe into  the Madrid train bombings on Saturday ordered a Syrian man to  be held pending trial on suspicion of involvement with a  militant Islamist group, court documents showed.
S. Africa Churches Urge Referendum on Gay Marriage  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa's leading churches  urged President Thabo Mbeki on Saturday to call a referendum on  gay marriages, saying a recent court ruling in favor of the  unions ignored overwhelming public opposition.
New Spy Plan Said to Involve Satellite System The \$9.5 billion program is facing criticism. It could take photographs only in daylight hours and in clear weather.
HP rolls out ultra-low-priced PC in China Hewlett-Packard, the world #39;s No. 2 PC maker, said Friday it has launched a \$483 (3,999 yuan) computer in China, turning up the heat in the intensely competitive market.
Arab Officials Criticize US Support of Israel Senior Arab officials attending a US-sponsored conference in the Middle East rejected the Bush administration #39;s assertion that greater democracy would help end terrorism 
No. 1 Illinois Tops Oregon, 83-66 (AP) AP - Illinois apparently is going to spend a little longer at No. 1 this time.
Prem Preview: Arsenal-Chelsea In the biggest game of the season so far, Arsenal host Chelsea at Highbury. The country #39;s two best sides go head to head in a game that will have a massive impact on where the title ends up this season.
Indians regroup, look to Loaiza The contract offer that Indians general manager Mark Shapiro had made Friday to left-hander David Wells got turned down, as Wells agreed to a two-year deal with the Red Sox.
US Bombs Mosul Rebels, Guerrillas Kill Top Police A US aircraft dropped a half-ton(500 lb) bomb on the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Saturday after guerrillas attacked a US patrol that was trying to capture an insurgent arms dump, a military spokesman said.
Insurgents keep up deadly attacks in northern Iraq Insurgents renewed attacks on United States troops and Iraqs security forces today, killing five police officers, including a general, and wounding 14 American soldiers in continuing attempts to derail the coming elections.
No. 10 Kentucky Defeats Indiana, 73-58 (AP) AP - Patrick Sparks scored 16 points and No. 10 Kentucky dominated Indiana inside in a 73-58 win over the Hoosiers on Saturday.
Brown Rejoins Wizards Wizards forward Kwame Brown returns to practice following his one-game suspension for conduct detrimental to the team last Wednesday.
Baker Defends Bonds Over Steroid Charges (AP) AP - Dusty Baker believes Barry Bonds didn't know the substances provided by his trainer were steroids.
Blast at SRK #39;s concert, 2 dead At least two persons were killed and 18 injured when a bomb exploded at the fag end of a concert in Colombo by Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan.
Terps Lose Fofana Maryland sophomore forward Hassan Fofana has decided to leave the school, coach Gary Williams announces Saturday.
Update 1: OPEC May Consider Further Production Cuts OPEC might make deeper cuts in production if prices continue to slide, Gulf oil ministers said Saturday, a day after crude prices tumbled to their lowest levels in five months when producers decided to limit supply by 1 million barrels a day.
Merger creates mobile giant SPRINT and Nextel Communications are expected early this week to announce a \$70 billion (36 billion) telecoms merger that will create Americas third-largest mobile-phone company, with 39m customers.
Business Focus: Devoured by the dragon The symbolism was extraordinary. Few companies are as closely identified with corporate America as IBM, and few products have been as intimately linked with a firms fortunes as IBMs personal computers.
Singapore, Telekom Malaysia to Buy Stake in Idea Cellular The government of Singapore and Telekom Malaysia Bhd. agreed to buy a 48 percent stake in India #39;s Idea Cellular from three companies for \$390 million to tap into India #39;s wireless market.
Yahoo to test desktop search feature in January Yahoo, Inc., world-class leader in online search queries, announced its plans to reveal desktop search feature in January, which will go through testing in the designated month.
Space Station Food Supply Lower Than Thought Astronauts aboard the International Space Station have been asked by NASA to ration their food supply until a cargo ship with fresh supplies arrives on, or about December 25.
Air Force Set for Test Flight of New Rocket The Air Force is scheduled to launch a new Delta 4 rocket here Saturday afternoon in a test that will help determine whether it can become a  quot;heavy lift 
All This, and They Take Pictures, Too EVERY occupation entails answering certain frequently asked questions at parties. If you #39;re a jeweler, it may be,  quot;Do you ever give discounts to friends?
Monty leads in California Colin Montgomerie will take a two-stroke lead into the final round of the Target World Challenge as he attempts to capture his first victory of the season.
Moyes bargain buys confound city rivals IN THE land of the football derby, only the result counts. The past five years and the attendant misery have reminded Everton fans of that point, and they turned up at Goodison Park yesterday seeking nothing except the right result.
American Sprinter Michelle Collins Suspended For Doping Michelle Collins has been suspended for eight years and must also forfeit her 2003, 200-meter World Indoor and USA Indoor Championship titles, for a doping violation related to the BALCO conspiracy.
Cheetham leads as Els moves up at Dunhill Championships Briton Neil Cheetham carded a bogey-free 69 to move into the lead of the Dunhill Championship as Ernie Els moved up the leaderboard after the third round.
Wells Joins Other Side With Deal for 2 Years David Wells, the pitcher who once fancied himself as the ultimate Yankee and the ultimate Yankee fan, will be on the other end of the most storied rivalry in baseball 
NCAA Game Summary - Stanford Vs. Michigan State Auburn Hills, MI -- Paul Davis poured in a game-high 20 points as 20th-ranked Michigan State rolled over Stanford, 78-53, at the Palace of Auburn Hills.
Another Chance for Baseball to Settle Its Score With Drugs This article was reported by Lee Jenkins, Juliet Macur and Bill Pennington and written by Mr. Jenkins. During a year that baseball would like to forget, the scene was set for its free fall.
US soldier gets three years for murder of Iraqi BAGHDAD: A US soldier was sentenced to three years in prison for murdering a severely wounded Iraqi teenager earlier this year, the US military said on Saturday.
Arab and Western Ministers Voice Different Priorities Foreign ministers from the Arab world met with leaders from the West on Saturday at a conference dedicated to advancing political change in this region.
Two die in Colombo concert blast At least two people have been killed and 18 others injured in an explosion at a concert by an Indian Bollywood star in Colombo. Police said a hand-grenade ripped through the front stands as Shahrukh Khan ended his performance on Saturday.
Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew hands over Palestinian leader #39;s medical &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Ramallah, West Bank-AP) Dec. 11, 2004 - Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew has given Palestinian leaders his uncle #39;s medical records.
Soldier Sentenced to Three Years for Murder of Iraqi Civilian WASHINGTON, Dec. 11, 2004 -- A Task Force Baghdad soldier was sentenced Dec. 10 to three years in prison after pleading guilty to murdering an Iraqi civilian, military officials in Baghdad, Iraq, reported today.
Tendulkar equals Gavaskar #39;s record Tendulkar achieved the milestone when he took a single off paceman Tapas Baishya on the second day of the first Test against Bangladesh at the Bangabandhu National Stadium at Dhaka on Saturday.
OU #39;s Jason White Hopes To Repeat With Heisman NEW YORK -- Oklahoma quarterback Jason White (pictured, below) hopes to do something only one other college football player has ever accomplished: win a second Heisman Trophy.
Marines accuse insurgents of using Ramadi hospital to attack &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD, Iraq The military says insurgents in the Iraqi city of Ramadi have used a hospital to ambush US soldiers. However, officials for both the Ramadi General Hospital and Medical College rejected the claims.
Smith Reflective As He Ponders Retirement (AP) AP - Emmitt Smith waved and bowed to the crowd Sunday as he walked off the field for what might be the final time as an NFL player.
Iraq insurgents kill top police Gunmen have ambushed a group of senior police officers in northern Iraq, killing two of them and wounding three. Police said that two other high-ranking officers, a brigadier and a colonel, were gunned down in southern Baghdad.
Daimler Chrysler recalling 600,000 Dodge Durangos and Dakota &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Washington-AP) Dec. 11, 2004 - Thousands who own Dodge Durangos and Dodge Dakota pickups will have to go back to dealer in the near future.
Reports: NASA chief Sean O #39;Keefe may leave agency NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, a self-described  quot;budgeteer quot; who was brought in to curb space station cost overruns and who later helped formulate a new presidential initiative to send 
Montgomerie Leads Target World Challenge (AP) AP - Colin Montgomerie passed a big test Saturday, overcoming a few obnoxious fans and a pairing with Tiger Woods to post a 4-under 67 and take a two-shot lead in the Target World Challenge.
Moyes: Everton now genuine title contender Everton boss Dave Moyes insists his team are now genuine title contenders after yesterday #39;s 1-0 win over Merseyside rivals Liverpool.
Irish reportedly negotiating with Patriots #39; Weis New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis has become the target of Notre Dame #39;s coaching search. Dec. 11 New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis has become the target of Notre Dame #39;s coaching search.
Packers' Wells to Start Against Lions (AP) AP - Brett Favre might start a game with a rookie center for the first time in his 14 NFL seasons.
US drops massive bomb on Mosul MOSUL, Dec 11: A US aircraft dropped a half-ton bomb on the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Saturday after guerillas attacked an army patrol that was trying to capture an arms dump, a military spokesman said.
Comment: Liam Clarke: Paisley and the IRA must both accept  &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The first time I saw Ian Paisley, I was carrying a camera. He kept shaking his fist and grimacing at me every time I lifted it from my waist.
Clemens Accepts Astros' Arbitration Offer (AP) AP - Roger Clemens accepted the Astros' offer of salary arbitration Saturday, meaning he will either pitch for Houston next season or retire.
No. 16 Minnesota Wins 7th Straight Game (AP) AP - Jamie Broback scored 21 points and led No. 16 Minnesota to its seventh straight win, a 69-42 victory over Santa Clara on Saturday.
Road-Weary Cardinal Drops Decision To Michigan State, 78-53 Paul Davis scored 20 points and keyed a first-half surge to lead No. 20 Michigan State to a 78-53 win over Stanford on Saturday. Michigan State (5-2) took control with an 
Another Chance for Baseball to Settle Its Score With Drugs As baseball finds itself struggling to control the steroid issue, its past serves as a cautionary tale.
Wells Joins Other Side With Deal for 2 Years David Wells, the pitcher who once fancied himself as the ultimate Yankee, agreeed in principle to a two-year contract with the Boston Red Sox.
N.F.L. Makes Emphatic Point in Playing by the Book Indianapolis quarterback Peyton Manning is one beneficiary of the N.F.L.'s decision this season to enforce its rule limiting defensive contact with receivers.
From Season, and Game, to Forget, Steelers and Jets Are Teams to Beat After they both finished 6-10 a year ago, the Jets and Pittsburgh Steelers have found themselves linked again, but now in their rise to the N.F.L.'s upper echelon.
Where Was Balco a Century Ago? What if somebody had offered the Babe a magic potion to cure hangovers and help him lose weight and buff up those spindly calf muscles of his?
Pitching Ensemble More Than One-Hit Wonders Starting pitchers are plentiful this off-season, more so probably than at any time during the 28 years of free agency.
Portugal PM, Cabinet Submit Resignations  LISBON (Reuters) - Portugal's prime minister said on  Saturday he and his cabinet had submitted their resignations, a  move that came a day after a snap election was called.
Portuguese prime minister quits Portugal's Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes announces the government's resignation.
Award That Still Fuels a National Debate The Downtown Athletic Club is about to name a Heisman Trophy winner for the 70th time and set off yet another controversy.
Opec to cut oil output in defence of price The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed yesterday to cut the supply of oil to world markets and defend higher prices in spite of concern about 
US high court to hear appeal on music-swapping, copyright WASHINGTON, District of Columbia, United States of America -- WASHINGTON -- The US Supreme Court agreed Friday to hear a case on whether music-swapping services can be held liable for copyright infringement if their networks are used for illegal digital 
Business Analysis: Oracle refocuses to give itself an upgrade A court in Florida will convene tomorrow, to consider the software industry #39;s largest merger. Sitting in the Delaware Chancery Court, vice-chancellor Leo Strine will decide whether PeopleSoft is allowed to 
Comeback kings Bayern crowned winter champions BERLIN: Bayern Munich claimed the honorific title of winter champions showing great spirit to come from two goals down to net a point in a 2-2 draw with VfB Stuttgart at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday.
Terry epitomises Chelsea #39;s steel So much has changed since I left Chelsea for the south coast 15 months ago. For instance, only two players from the starting XI of my last game are still there - and one 
Serie A Wrap: Udinese Win, Lazio Stage Comeback Paolo Di Canio inspired Lazios second-half comeback as they rescued a point in a 3-3 draw with Lecce at the Olympic Stadium. The draw may not have eased the pressure on Mimmo Caso, but it should certainly 
Carsley puts Moyes on top of the Merseyside world Despite the impressive job David Moyes has done in transforming Everton during his two-and-a-half years as manager, cult status was always going to be withheld 
Airbus To Take On Boeing #39;s Dreamliner The parent companies of Airbus SAS yesterday approved the launch of a \$5.3 billion new airplane by 2010 to compete directly with Boeing Co.
Singapore, Malaysia dial Idea number Mumbai, Dec. 11: Singapore Technologies Telemedia (ST Telemedia) and TM International have together acquired a 47.7 per cent stake in Idea Cellular for approximately \$390 million.
O #39;Keefe poised to step down from NASA post After three tumultuous years at the space agency #39;s helm, NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe is poised to leave the Bush administration to become chancellor of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.
Boeing delays launch Weather bumped The Boeing Co. #39;s demonstration launch of the Decatur-made Delta IV Heavy rocket from today to Saturday. Boeing delayed the inaugural launch of the rocket for 24 hours because of 
Monty leads by two after late charge Thousand Oaks, CA (Sports Network) - Colin Montgomerie eagled the 16th and birdied the 17th Saturday en route to a four-under 67 and a two-stroke lead after three rounds of the Target World Challenge.
Miller Gets First Downhill Loss of Season Bode Miller, of the United States, is airborne as he speeds past a gate on his way to capture fourth place in a men #39;s ski world cup downhill race at Val D #39;Isere, France, Saturday, Dec, 11, 2004.
Pavano Wants to Pitch for Yankees ANAHEIM, Calif. Dec 11, 2004 - Carl Pavano decided Saturday he wanted to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York closed in on a four-year contract worth about \$39 million.
NCAA Game Summary - Stanford vs. Michigan State Michigan State improved to 4-2 all-time against Stanford on the hardwood...Stanford has yet to play at home this season...After scoring 100 or more points in its first three games, Michigan State has not reached the century mark in its last four contests 
Soccer: Barcelona snatch late 2-1 win at Albacete in Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID : Barcelona #39;s Andres Iniesta and Xavi were on target in a 2-1 victory at Albacete to shoot them 12 points clear at the top of the Spanish first division on Saturday night.
Pavano Wants to Pitch for Yankees (AP) AP - Carl Pavano decided Saturday he wanted to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York closed in on a four-year contract worth about  #36;39 million.
Nobel Winner Issues Call  #39;to Assist Earth #39; Kenyan Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari Maathai receives the Nobel Peace Prize from Nobel chairman Ole Danbolt Mjos in Oslo City Hall.
Top Police Officials Killed In Iraq 11 December 2004 -- At least three high-ranking Iraqi police officials were killed today as scattered violence was seen throughout the country.
Accused Taliban Fighter Gets Hearing (AP) AP - A 28-year-old Iraqi man accused of fighting for the ousted Taliban regime five years ago appeared Saturday before a military review tribunal in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official said.
New Zealand threatens to ban foreign crews after rise in ship jumpers (AFP) AFP - A large increase in the number of foreign seamen jumping ship in New Zealand has been blamed on an immigration racket and prompted a government threat to ban overseas fishing crews, according to a report.
Bush Physical Box (AP) AP - Facts and figures about President Bush's health, from a physical examination Saturday at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Md. Bush, 58, was born July 6, 1946:
Consortium to buy 47.7 stake in Indian mobile firm KUALA LUMPUR: A consortium comprising TM International, the international arm of Telekom Malaysia Bhd, and Singapore Technologies Telemedia, have entered into definitive agreements to acquire a 47.7 stake in India #39;s leading cellular operator, IDEA 
Pavano chooses Yankees Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - Free agent starting pitcher Carl Pavano has chosen to join the New York Yankees and the two sides were working on finalizing a contract before the end of the winter meetings.
La Liga Wrap: Barca Go 12 Points Clear A Xavi Hernandez volley six minutes from time fired Barcelona to a 2-1 away win over Albacete and extended their lead at the top of the Primera Liga to 12 points over second-placed rivals Real Madrid.
College Basketball Wrap: Illinois Beats Oregon, 83-66  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - Luther Head scored 23 points on  8-of-10 shooting to lead top-ranked Illinois to an 83-66  victory over Oregon at the United Center. Deron Williams added  17 points and seven assists in the victory.
Red Sox Sign Wells; Pavano Courts Yanks (AP) AP - David Wells made the surprising decision to sign with the Boston Red Sox, Carl Pavano picked the New York Yankees and Roger Clemens narrowed his choices to the Houston Astros or retirement.
Key Dates in Northern Ireland Conflict (AP) AP - 1921  #151; Ireland is partitioned amid civil war. The new state of Northern Ireland, with a British Protestant majority, remains part of United Kingdom while the predominantly Catholic rest of Ireland wins independence from UK.
Quietly but Firmly, Hastert Asserts His Power Dennis Hastert, the speaker of the House, is the man President Bush is counting on to enact an ambitious second-term agenda.
Smoltz nets bonus for each start ANAHEIM, Calif. -- The Atlanta Braves have found a closer, paving the way for John Smoltz to return to the rotation. SportsTicker has learned that the Braves have traded prized pitching prospect Jose Capellan 
Tendulkar: Records galore for humble human being (PROFILE): Sports India, Cricket: New Delhi, Dec 11 : After 15 years in international cricket and having overcome serious toe, ankle, back and elbow injuries, batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar Friday equalled Sunil Gavaskar #39;s world record of 34 centuries - and 
Italy: Udinese beat Atalanta, Lazio draw with Lecce BERGAMO/ROME, Dec 11 (SW) - Udinese were the stronger side at Atalanta Bergamo, while Lazio Roma refused to give up against Lecce, to eventually reach a draw.
Pavano Chooses Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - Free agent starting\pitcher Carl Pavano has chosen to join the New York Yankees and\the two sides were working on finalizing a contract before the\end of the winter meetings.
Opposition forms 900km human chain against government: World News: Dhaka, Dec 11 : Hundreds of thousands of people formed a 900 km-human chain across Bangladesh to show  quot;no confidence quot; in the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP)-led coalition government.
No. 20 Mich. St. Defeats Stanford, 78-53 (AP) AP - Paul Davis cleared his mind and a strong performance followed.
AP: Bush Will Make Air Pollution Priority (AP) AP - President Bush will make air pollution a top priority in Congress early next year, starting with "an aggressive push" to build support for his pollution-cutting plan, senior administration officials said Saturday.
Pavano Picks Yankees Carl Pavano decides he wants to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York close in on a four-year contract worth about \$39 million.
Rocket Takes Arbitration Roger Clemens accepts the Astros' offer of salary arbitration Saturday, meaning he will either play for Houston next season or retire.
Olson Collects 1,000th Win Arizona coach Lute Olson gets his 1,000th victory Saturday as the No. 15 Wildcats knock off visiting Utah, 67-62, in Tuscon.
GU Pounds San Jose St. Ray Reed scores 10 points and Georgetown holds San Jose State to a season-low point total in a 58-40 win over the Spartans.
Mozilla Thunderbird email is go IF, LIKE ME you get sick and tired and hassled whenever Microsoft Outlook throws a wobbly you might be inclined to try out Mozilla #39;s Thunderbird as an email client.
Carter Placed on Injured List (Reuters) Reuters - Toronto Raptors All-Star\swingman Vince Carter was placed on the injured list Friday\after tests revealed a mild strain of his left Achilles'\tendon.
Group to Offer Proposal to Take Over Hudson Ferries With New York Waterway warning of an imminent financial collapse, a group of the company #39;s competitors drew up a plan yesterday to take over almost all of its ferry service along the Hudson River.
Reports: Notre Dame Negotiates With Weis (AP) AP - Notre Dame is negotiating with New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis to become its new head coach, the Chicago Tribune and two other newspapers reported Saturday.
Free agent Pavano chooses Yanks Carl Pavano has made his long-awaited decision, instructing his agent to strike a deal with the New York Yankees. Scott Shapiro, who represents the free agent right-hander 
Vegas mayor brings glitz to the show Mayor Oscar Goodman crashed baseball #39;s winter meetings on Saturday with some shiny baubles and proposed to the sport in a manner befitting Brittany Spears more than Bud Selig: Let #39;s go to Vegas and get married.
Middle Eastern reform to beat terrorism The American Secretary of State, Colin Powell, says, Middle Eastern economic and political reform will help defeat terrorism. With continued violence in US-occupied Iraq and the Palestinian question unresolved 
Arafat #39;s nephew says he died  #39;unnatural death, #39; backing poisoning &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement expected to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already 
Knife fears could prompt new law Public fears over young people carrying knives could prompt new government restrictions.
USC's Matt Leinart Wins Heisman Trophy (AP) AP - Matt Leinart replaced a Heisman Trophy winner and became one himself.
Smoltz could return to Braves #39; rotation ANAHEIM, Calif. - John Smoltz might rejoin the Braves rotation if Atlanta finds another closer. Saturday afternoon, they did just that.
Boomer to Boston, Pavano picks Yankees David Wells made the surprising decision to sign with the Boston Red Sox, Carl Pavano picked the New York Yankees and Roger Clemens narrowed his choices to the Houston Astros or retirement.
Wall St. Week Ahead: Hope for Santa Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is hoping its traditional  year-end "Santa rally" will pick up steam in the week ahead.
How Consultants Can Retire on Your Pension Nowhere are the conflicts of interest for financial services conglomerates more potentially lucrative - and more obscure - than in the management of pension assets.
Social Security Reform, With One Big Catch The idea that letting people invest some of their Social Security money in the stock market will allow for higher returns is as flawed as a perpetual motion machine.
A New Way to Hedge Your Home's Paper Profit Through an increasing number of new investments, you can take steps to limit future erosion of your home's value.
Can For-Profit Schools Pass an Ethics Test? Profits are up, but recently, a number of for-profit colleges have faced inquiries concerning the way they pursue federal funds.
USC #39;s Matt Leinart Wins Heisman Trophy USC quarterback Matt Leinart scrambles out of the pocket against UCLA during the game at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif., Saturday, Dec. 4, 2004.
Notre Dame Narrows Its Focus to Weis More than two years ago, the New England Patriots #39; offensive coordinator, Charlie Weis, was so close to dying after complications from stomach-stapling surgery that a priest offered him last rites twice.
ABC News No. 25 Kan. St. Trounces Mo.-KC, 63-31 Missouri Kansas City guard Lindsay Fields (22) passes the ball as she is pressured by Kansas State guard Megan Mahoney (34) in the second half Saturday, Dec. 11, 2004, in Kansas City, Mo.
Arafat #39;s Medical Records Given to Palestinian Authority Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew has turned over the late Palestinian leader #39;s medical records to a committee investigating the cause of his uncle #39;s death.
PNA receives Arafat #39;s medical report Nasser al-Qidwa, Palestinian representative at the United Nations and nephew of late leader Yasser Arafat, handed Arafat #39;s death report to the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) on Saturday.
In pictures: War in Chechnya Russia launched massive air strikes on the Chechen capital, Grozny, in December 1994 after the Chechen government refused to disarm and surrender to Moscow #39;s authority.
Fla. State's Sam Won't Play in Gator Bowl (AP) AP - Florida State wide receiver Lorne Sam will not be available for the Seminoles when they play West Virginia in the Gator Bowl on Jan. 1.
Apple's Music Store Now Accepts PayPal (AP) AP - Apple Computer Inc.'s online music store, iTunes, will now accept PayPal for purchases of music downloads, audiobooks and gift certificates.
New Maldives Island Rises from the Depths (Reuters) Reuters - Life can be cramped when\you live on a remote cluster of tiny coral islands in the\Indian Ocean, so the Maldives has plumped for a novel if\seemingly extreme solution -- build a new island from scratch.
Md. Studies Introducing Nonnative Oysters (AP) AP - On a damp, gray weekday morning on the Patuxent River, Harry Huseman is working hard for a few oysters.
Larkin Seems Unlikely The likelihood of Barry Larkin playing for the Nationals appears dim following a meeting between Bowden and Larkin's agent.
Iran, EU to Begin Nuclear Talks (AP) AP - Iran and the European Union will begin comprehensive talks on Tehran's nuclear activities next week, official media reported Saturday.
Bush Pushes for Social Security Overhaul (AP) AP - President Bush made a fresh push Saturday for a new Social Security plan in which Americans would be allowed to channel a small portion of their income into "personal savings accounts," warning that inaction could end the retirement system.
Malaria treatment target is found A transport system used by the malaria parasite to infect blood cells could be a target for new treatments, scientists hope.
GM to fire on all cylinders if Opel #39;s cost-cutting fails WORKERS at General Motors German unit Adam Opel are not out of the woods yet. The company and union officials have agreed to reduce the German workforce by up to 10,000, but if cost cutting falls short, or 
Rangers a-leaping McLeishs men take over again from Celtic at top of the SPL ... and theyve got an Old Firm cup draw to savour. FOR the latest instalment of Premierleague-leadership swapsy read skoosh case to Rangers.
 #39;I #39;ve never been so scared #39; IT TOOK until the third of their four goals against Newcastle United last Saturday before the home supporters launched into their ironic chants of  quot;Boring, boring Chelsea quot;.
This frosh deserves Heisman In the 69-year history of college football #39;s most prestigious award, a freshman has never won the Heisman Trophy. I voted to change that in year No.
Pavano picks Yankees; holdup on Wright deal a \$21 million, three-year contract, but there may be a hitch in the deal. New. hasn #39;t determined whether he passed it or failed it.
UK Owns IU, Kentucky Beats Hoosiers in Basketball Too Today at Freedom Hall, Patrick Sparks scored 16 points as the tenth-ranked Wildcats dominated the Hoosiers inside in a 73-to-58 victory.
Colombo blast: Two killed at Shahrukh #39;s concert Two people were killed and at least 18 injured when a bomb ripped through Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan #39;s mega concert in Colombo on Saturday night.
Klitschko-Williams - Good Match-Up for Boxing, Bad for Some in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 11.12.04 - By Umar ben-Ivan Lee: The boxing economy is a trickle-down economy in its basic nature. Wealth trickles down from the heavyweight division to the lower weights; because the majority of casual fans 
Burmese Leader Promises Progress on Reforms Burma #39;s prime minister has said the country will proceed with democratic reforms, but gave no indication of when opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi would be freed from house arrest.
US soldier jailed for murdering Iraqi BAGHDAD - A US soldier was sentenced to three years in jail for the murder of a wounded Iraqi teenager in Baghdad in August, the US military said on Saturday.
George Washington Tops St. Francis (Pa.) (AP) AP - Pops Mensah-Bonsu scored 17 points, and No. 21 George Washington used a 20-2 run late in the first half to take control in a 79-65 victory Saturday night over St. Francis, Pa.
Portuguese Gov't Resigns Ahead of Elections  LISBON (Reuters) - The Portuguese government resigned on  Saturday to avoid turf battles with President Jorge Sampaio in  the run-up to snap elections in February.
Japan PM's Support Slides on Iraq Concerns -Paper  TOKYO (Reuters) - Support for Japanese Prime Minister  Junichiro Koizumi and his cabinet slid sharply to 37 percent in  a poll taken after his decision to extend the mandate of  Japanese troops serving in Iraq, a national daily said on  Sunday.
Yankees Get Pavano The New York Yankees are close to finalizing a four-year deal for between \$39 million and \$42 million with free agent pitcher Carl Pavano.
J. Lewis Will Start Running back    Jamal Lewis  will start for the Baltimore Ravens today against the New York Giants, according to a Ravens official. Lewis has not played since spraining his ankle against the Dallas Cowboys on Nov. 21, but he resumed practicing this week. Baltimore (7-5), which is in the thick of the AFC wild-card race, is 6-2 with Lewis and 1-3 without him.
Irish Pound Huskies Behind a career performance from Crystal Erwin Notre Dame defeats visiting Washington, 72-58. Erwin hits all nine of her field goals and scores a career high 24 points.
Eagles Win Again Jason Thomas matches a career-high with 26 points and American wins its fifth straight by beating visiting Ohio, 64-55, Saturday at Bender Arena.
Aid Worker Hassan Mourned at London Service   LONDON, Dec. 11 -- Family and friends gathered at Westminster Cathedral Saturday to remember Margaret Hassan, a respected aid worker abducted and believed murdered in Iraq.
IAEA Leader's Phone Tapped  The Bush administration has dozens of intercepts of Mohamed ElBaradei's phone calls with Iranian diplomats and is scrutinizing them in search of ammunition to oust him as director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, according to three U.S. government officials.
Small Ally of Brazil's Lula Breaks with Government &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's small PopularSocialist Party voted on Saturday to pull out of President LuizInacio Lula da Silva's government, a move that could make itharder for his administration to pass pending reforms.&lt;/p&gt;
Marriages Made in Corporate Heaven A flurry of year-end dealmaking hit the tech sector as companies maneuvered to get out of low-margin businesses, fill holes in their product lines and take financial advantage of the recent run-up in share prices.
Premium Float  A holding period that is said to vary widely, from days to months, depending on the terms between each insurer and each broker.
Coral Peril TWENTY PERCENT of the world #39;s coral reefs  quot;have been effectively destroyed and show no immediate prospect of recovery. quot; An additional 24 percent  quot;are under imminent risk of collapse through human pressures, quot; and an additional 26 percent  quot;are under a 
Microsoft #39;s Improved Media Center Still Falls Short a special layer of software designed to let people enjoy their digital photos, music and videos from across the room -- has to rank as one 
American soldiers are arrested for murder of a wounded Iraqi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least four Iraqi police officers were killed and 16 American soldiers were wounded Saturday in a string of insurgent attacks across central and northern Iraq, military officials said.
Sprint Nears Acquisition of Nextel Description: Sprint is about to acquire Nextel in a telecom merger that would create the nation #39;s third-largest wireless company.
Altera, KLA drag down SVI An index of Silicon Valley stocks declined for the week, paced by Altera Corp., KLA-Tencor Corp. and Xilinx Inc. The Bloomberg Silicon Valley Index shed 10.01 in the past five days, or 2.1 percent, to 469.95.
No. 2 Kan. Trounces La.-Lafayette, 96-51 (AP) AP - Keith Langford had 19 of his 24 points in a torrid first half that propelled second-ranked Kansas over Louisiana-Lafayette 96-51 Saturday night.
McKenzie seeks first tour win at MasterCard Masters Day three at the MasterCard Masters promised so much. Bradley Hughes has been through difficult times in recent years, battling to retain USPGA Tour playing privileges, losing them and then spending two years 
Southern Cal #39;s Matt Leinart Wins Heisman NEW YORK -- Southern California quarterback Matt Leinart has won the 70th Heisman Trophy, edging out four other finalists, including Oklahoma quarterback Jason White who had hoped to win the trophy for a second time.
Hatton cruises to his 15th defence BOXING: Ricky Hatton last night gave another stark indication that he is ready for a career-defining fight in the new year, by battering Ray Oliveira at the ExCel Conference Centre in London.
Grenade kills two at Bollywood concert Two people were killed and 11 others wounded on Saturday when a hand grenade was lobbed into the VIP section of the audience at a concert led by Indian film star Sharukh Khan, police said.
Alcohol hampers depth perception Drinking alcohol impairs driving ability by disrupting depth perception, researchers find.
Earthquake Shakes Caribbean Territories (AP) AP - A magnitude 5.7 earthquake jolted the British Virgin Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico on Saturday, the Puerto Rico Seismic Network said.
Rival Congo Army Factions Clash (AP) AP - Rival factions in Congo's postwar army battled in the eastern region of the vast nation Saturday, killing several people, a top military official said.
Myanmar regime using Buddhism as an instrument of propaganda (AFP) AFP - Buddhism, enthusiastically followed by the majority of Myanmar's 53 million people, is being exploited as a propaganda tool by the military junta, monks and analysts said after the curtain fell on a world Buddhist meeting held here.
Jeffeson Leads Nets Richard Jefferson scores 19 in the second half, and Travis Best has a season-high 21 to lead the Nets to a 95-90 victory over the Hawks.
Iraqi Fighters Keep Up Attacks A series of car bombings, ambushes and assassinations across the country's most restive regions Saturday killed several civilians, police and clerics.
Dangers on the Ground in Iraq Lead to Increased Use of Airlifts   AL UDEID AIR BASE, Qatar, Dec. 11 -- In an effort to reduce the amount of military cargo hauled in vulnerable ground convoys across Iraq, the U.S. Air Force has begun airlifting much larger quantities of materiel to bases around the country.
Arabs Reject U.S. Push for Reform   RABAT, Morocco, Dec. 11 -- Senior Arab officials attending a U.S.-sponsored conference to promote democracy in the Middle East emphatically rejected on Saturday the Bush administration's assertion that greater democracy in the region would help end terrorism. They argued that the administration's strong support of Israel made it difficult to undertake political reform or to stop extremists driven by hatred of U.S. policies.
Chen's Taiwan Poll Loss Seen Easing China Strains (Reuters) Reuters - The pro-independence party of Taiwan\President Chen Shui-bian suffered a surprise defeat in weekend\legislative elections that could ease tensions with China but\paralyze government on the democratic island.
Yushchenko Was Poisoned; Ukraine Assesses Turmoil  KIEV (Reuters) - Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko was  poisoned by dioxin during Ukraine's presidential election  campaign, his Austrian doctors said on Saturday as the country  counted the cost of the turmoil generated by the rigged poll.
Chen's Taiwan Poll Loss Seen Easing China Strains  TAIPEI (Reuters) - The pro-independence party of Taiwan  President Chen Shui-bian suffered a surprise defeat in weekend  legislative elections that could ease tensions with China but  paralyze government on the democratic island.
Is he a Weis decision? During the last couple days, the Notre Dame football coaching search has seemed to focus on former Irish quarterback Tom Clements and Notre Dame graduate Charlie Weis.
Peru rebels 'to give up weapons' The man who led a bloody occupation of a police station in Peru says his followers will surrender on Monday.
Marquette Upsets No. 24 Wisconsin, 63-54 (AP) AP - Travis Diener scored 29 points despite playing with a sprained ankle, and led unbeaten Marquette past No. 24 Wisconsin 63-54 Saturday night.
Cheetham Leads Dunhill After 3 Rounds (AP) AP - England's Neil Cheetham had the only bogey-free round Saturday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that gave him a one-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Championship.
Manager believes club will remain competitive in 2005 There was a time when Braves manager Bobby Cox didn #39;t have to worry so much during the offseason. Those were the days when the organization #39;s pockets were deep enough to 
Marseille down on rank with loss to Auxerre while Lyon &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A second-half strike from Benjani gave AJ Auxerre a 1-0 victory at struggling Olympique Marseille ina French first division soccer match on Saturday.
EcoVillage Provides Challenge, Support (AP) AP - When Laura Beck and Greg Pitts realized their marriage was falling apart, one thing was clear: They would work together to maintain a loving, supportive environment for their young son, Ethan. In June 2002, the couple had moved from Austin, Texas, to EcoVillage at Ithaca, an "intentional community" in central New York where environmentally friendly neighbors share space, meals, chores and generally look out for each other.
Congo factions clash on Rwandan border RIVAL factions in Congos postwar army fought gun battles on the vast nations eastern border with Rwanda yesterday, killing several people, a top military official said.
Russian President Turns on Washington Over Ukraine The political crisis in Ukraine has touched off a fresh debate inside the White House and foreign policy offices over how President Bush should handle Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s increasingly 
Season of Giving It may be the season of shopping, but time is running out for the Season of Giving. The Salvation Army is in desperate need of more volunteers to ring bells and collect money.
Mavericks Trounce Rockets, 102-78 (AP) AP - Michael Finley scored a season-high 26 points and led a huge third-quarter charge as the Dallas Mavericks beat Houston 102-78, handing the Rockets their biggest loss of the season Saturday night.
UNDATED: 2-of-8 shooting. Keith Langford had 19 of his 24 points in the first half as Kansas coasted from the outset. JR Giddens had 14 of his 16 points for Kansas (6-0) in the first half.
Tendulkar honoured and thrilled but not satisfied DHAKA - Sachin Tendulkar was thrilled, but not satisfied, by his record-equalling 34th Test century against Bangladesh in Dhaka yesterday.
Bulls Defeat Timberwolves, 99-88 (AP) AP - Rookie Ben Gordon scored a career-high 31 points, 16 in the fourth quarter to hold off a furious Minnesota comeback, and the Chicago Bulls beat the Timberwolves 99-88 Saturday night.
IAEA Leader #39;s Phone Tapped The Bush administration has dozens of intercepts of Mohamed ElBaradei #39;s phone calls with Iranian diplomats and is scrutinizing them in search of ammunition to oust him as director general of 
Christmastime Consumerism Even self-proclaimed penny-pinching folks like me who loathe the way Christmas has become so commercialized can lose their common sense.
Loophole Pays Off on Upscale Buildings Washington area homeowners living in historic districts are rapidly taking advantage of  substantial federal income tax write-offs under obscure easement trust plan.
Under the Tree, 1983   When John P. Reilly told me to think retro, visions of Davy Crockett and coonskin caps danced in my head. I began to imagine a sleigh full of hula hoops and plenty of Silly Putty in this year's bundle of toys.
Oil Prices Increase after OPEC Limits Surplus Production Oil Ministers representing countries in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) met in Cairo, Egypt, and agreed to end the over quota production.
Bucknell Upsets No. 10 Pittsburgh 69-66 (AP) AP - Kevin Bettencourt made two free throws with 23 seconds remaining to give Bucknell the lead in a 69-66 victory over No. 10 Pittsburgh on Sunday night, one of the biggest wins in school history.
Red Sox grab Wells Quiet for more than a month after their historic triumph, the Red Sox have sprung to life this weekend, signing David Wells and moving forward on several other fronts at the baseball winter meetings.
Players Association presents new proposal to NHL TORONTO (Ticker) - The world will have to wait at least five more days to find out if there will be an NHL season. The league and the Players Association held a four-hour meeting Thursday, the first session 
Bulls 99, Timberwolves 88 Rookie Ben Gordon scored a career-high 31 points, 16 in the fourth quarter to hold off a furious Minnesota comeback, and the Chicago Bulls beat the Timberwolves 99-88 Saturday night.
Jaishul Muslimeen Leader Arrested In Karachi KARACHI, Pakistan : Dec 12 (SADA) - The head of a militant group that kidnapped three UN workers in Afghanistan recently was arrested in Karachi by the Pakistani security forces.
Troops Stationed in Iraq Turn to Gaming (AP) AP - Soon after the battle for Fallujah ended in November, U.S. Marines brought their Xbox consoles, Gameboys and laptops forward and started fighting the Covenant hordes in "Halo," Mario and Luigi's worst enemies and those irksome roommates from "The Sims."
O #39;Keefe to quit this week NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week, and the retired director of the Pentagon #39;s Missile Defense Agency tops a list of five men that President Bush is considering 
Vitali feels strong; Danny heavy LAS VEGAS -- Danny Williams insists he has not compromised his speed after tipping the scales at 270 pounds. Williams will need to prove that Saturday night when he tries to take the WBC heavyweight title from Vitali Klitschko at Mandalay Bay.
USC #39;s Leinart wins Heisman The 70th Heisman Trophy went to quarterback Matt Leinart, and it went to illustrate the comprehensive heyday in progress in the Southern California football program.
Phil Garner likes the Astros #39; chances of re-signing Carlos Beltran &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ANAHEIM -- If the Houston Astros had their druthers, Carlos Beltran and Roger Clemens would already be signed for next year, Wade Miller and Andy Pettitte would report to Spring Training in the best physical conditions of their careers and Lance Berkman 
Dodgers: We Have Options if Beltre Exits (AP) AP - Los Angeles Dodgers general manager Paul DePodesta believes several options will be available if star third baseman Adrian Beltre decides to play elsewhere.
Rival Congo army factions clash near Rwandan border (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BUKAVU, Congo (AP) - Rival factions of Congo's army battled in the eastern region of the vast country Saturday, killing several people, a top military official said.
No. 18 UCLA Defeats Fresno State, 92-76 (AP) AP - Nikki Blue had 22 points and Noelle Quinn added 21 as No. 18 UCLA defeated Fresno State 92-76 on Saturday night.
If Jets and Steelers Are Mirror Images, It's Time for One of Them to Crack After they both finished 6-10 a year ago, the Jets and Pittsburgh Steelers have found themselves linked again, but now in their rise to the N.F.L.'s upper echelon.
Klitschko . . . . v . . . .Williams Round-by-round action as Danny Williams takes on Vitali Klitschko for the WBC heavyweight title. Build-up: The atmosphere is building at the Mandalay Bay Casino, Las Vegas with a strong British presence on hand to cheer for Williams.
Baer set to lead Notre Dame Interim Notre Dame football coach Kent Baer completed his team #39;s third postseason practice Friday morning, and is only beginning to prepare for the Insight Bowl.
Saints Beat Panthers, but Season Ends (AP) AP - Masters of the late-season flop, the New Orleans Saints finally won a game that mattered. Then they had to wait to see just how much it mattered. Needing to beat the Carolina Panthers to stay in playoff contention, the Saints did their part with a 21-18 victory on Sunday. But they needed outside help to get in, and failed to get it. Halfway across the country, the St. Louis Rams beat the New York Jets 32-29 in overtime, ending the season for the Saints.
Powell urges reform in Islamic countries Secretary of State Colin Powell told a gathering of Islamic leaders yesterday that they must join hands with industrialized countries on political and economic reforms to ease the  quot;despair and frustration quot; that afflicts much of the region.
Memorial for UK hostage LONDON: Some 2,000 people crammed into London #39;s Westminster Cathedral yesterday for a mass in memory of British aid worker Margaret Hassan, who was taken hostage and is believed slain by her abductors.
NBA Wrap: Finley, Nowitzki Lead Mavericks to Win Over Rockets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Michael Finley had 26 points and Dirk  Nowitzki added 22 points and 14 rebounds as the Dallas  Mavericks crushed their state rivals, the Houston Rockets,  102-78 in National Basketball Association play Saturday.
Pavano Chooses Yankees  ANAHEIM, Calif., (Sports Network) - Free agent starting  pitcher Carl Pavano has chosen to join the New York Yankees and  the two sides were working on finalizing a contract before the  end of the winter meetings.
Seahawks Place Starting Tackle on Injured Reserve  KIRKLAND, Wash., (Sports Network) - The Seattle Seahawks  have placed starting offensive tackle Chris Terry on injured  reserve with a shoulder injury.
Carter Placed on Injured List  TORONTO (Sports Network) - Toronto Raptors All-Star  swingman Vince Carter was placed on the injured list Friday  after tests revealed a mild strain of his left Achilles'  tendon.
US Airways #39; troubles date to 1977 and Carter #39;s deregulation czar US Airways #39; struggle to survive began 27 years ago, with a visit from economist Alfred Kahn. This is one in an occasional series about the rise of US Airways, the 
Report: Irish pick Weis At the beginning of the week, those following the Notre Dame coaching search were convinced that the next name closely linked to the school would be the man to get the job, largely because 
Gavaskar to Tendulkar: Go for 50 Test centuries (AFP) AFP - Legendary Indian batsman Sunil Gavaskar has told Sachin Tendulkar not to rest on a world record-equalling 34th Test century, but to target 50 hundreds.
Leinart Is Sixth Heisman Winner From U.S.C. Quarterback Matt Leinart won the 70th Heisman Trophy by a comfortable margin over Oklahoma running back Adrian Peterson, the first freshman to finish second.
DISNEY #39;S DIRECT EFFECT It used to be that a board of directors could show up once a month, listen to a couple of presentations and leave it to the CEO to make most decisions.
Team on the take: Bengals like to force issue Bill Belichick news rarely cites statistics to make a point. So when a particular figure impresses the Pats #39; coach, it #39;s got to be a doozy.
Manning aims for wins, not records With one of the most coveted individual prizes for an NFL quarterback almost in hand, Peyton Manning of the Indianapolis Colts is thinking team.
Saints show Redknapp the reality HARRY Redknapp admitted he might as well have been reading a detailed job description as he watched his new charges at Southampton blow a two-goal lead against Middlesbrough.
Smoltz back in starting rotation He has won 20. He has saved 50. And now that he #39;s back in the Braves #39; starting rotation, he #39;ll probably win 20 again. John Smoltz last started a game back in the 2001 season.
Game Day: So much on the line PITTSBURGH - Banged up and perhaps emotionally drained, the Steelers (11-1) can set records and clinch a division title today by beating the New York Jets (9-3) in a 4 o #39;clock game at Heinz Field.
51-49 stakes seen in \$36 billion plan; rival bid could surface Although a Sprint-Nextel combination is being characterized as a \$36 billion merger of equals, published reports describe the emerging transaction as a purchase by Sprint.
Lenovo Says It Doesn #39;t Plan to Fire IBM Unit Workers (Update3) Mary Ma, Lenovo Group Ltd. Chief Financial Officer, said she doesn #39;t think employees will be fired when the company completes its \$1.25 billion purchase of International Business Machines Corp.
Wal-Mart says softness continues Soft sales continued at Wal-Mart Stores in the latest week, the world #39;s largest retailer reported Saturday. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!
Klitschko defends WBC heavyweight title LAS VEGAS Vitali (VIH #39;-tah-lee) Klitschko defended his WBC heavyweight title with a ninth-round TKO over Danny Williams last night in Las Vegas.
Barcelona beats Albacete, opens nine-point lead FC Barcelona opened a 12-point lead in the Spanish league after Andres Iniesta and Xavi Hernandez scored in a 2-1 win at 17th-placed Albacete on Saturday.
Peterson, White finish 2-3 in Heisman race Jason White (right) congratulates USC quarterback Matt Leinart (left) moments after the announcement of Leinart as the 2004 Heisman Trophy winner.
Manning in line for clutch of honours PEYTON MANNING, the Indianapolis Colts quarterback, is poised to equal or overhaul the NFL record of 48 touchdown passes in a season this weekend, and there is no bigger admirer of his talents 
Three top police officials among 19 killed in Iraq MOSUL: A US aircraft dropped a half-tonne bomb on Mosul on Saturday after insurgents attacked a US patrol that was trying to capture an insurgent arms dump, a military spokesman said.
Mild U.S. Weather Bites Into Oil Prices (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. crude futures skidded more than\half a dollar lower on Monday, as a mild New Year's weekend in\the United States and forecasts for above-average temperatures\were expected to cap heating oil demand, traders said.
Rangers win, then draw old rivals GLASGOW, Scotland -- Rangers returned to the top of the Scottish Premier League with an impressive 3-0 win over struggling Dundee, then learnt that would face old firm rivals Celtic in the third round of the Scottish Cup.
The wrong person won the Heisman Trophy Every year they bill this as the presentation of the biggest award in sports. It #39;s supposed to be a prestigious honor, meant to go to the best college player in the country.
All Yankees, All Red Sox All the Time ANAHEIM, Calif. - So now the Red Sox rotation, with Curt Schilling, David Wells, Tim Wakefield and likely Pedro Martinez, is as old as Fenway Park.
Lankan police probe concert blast Colombo: Sri Lankan police is probing the grenade attack on a concert of Bollywood mega star Shahrukh Khan in Colombo on Saturday, which killed two people and injured 19, including the wife of former cricketer Ravi Shastri, as the actor and his troupe 
Australians may boycott Games Village MELBOURNE: Australian athletes could boycott the Melbourne 2006 Commonwealth Games Village because of fears that it might be overcrowded, noisy and hot, a newspaper has reported.
Klitschko Stops Williams as a Boxing Fairytale Ends In heavyweight boxing action, Vitali Klitschko stopped Danny Williams tonight in Las Vegas tonight to retain his WBC heavyweight title.
Sony PSP Draws Crowds and Lines on First Day (Reuters) Reuters - Game fans stood in lines through a chilly\Tokyo night to be among the first in the world to get their\hands on Sony Corp.'s PlayStation Portable, the consumer\electronics firm's first handheld game machine.
Eastern Malaysia Suffers Flooding (AP) AP - Floods caused by monsoon rains forced the evacuation of thousands in eastern Malaysia on Sunday.
Satellite Radio That's Well Received With its somewhat bulky contours and shiny silver case, Delphi's MyFi portable satellite radio evokes an old transistor radio.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Microsoft's Media Center Still Falls Short Microsoft's Media Center edition of Windows XP has to rank as one of the company's bigger disappointments in a while.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
More Search Products Prowl for Market Share The initial performance of two Web-query services launched last week, Accoona and Blingo, suggests market leaders Google and Yahoo don't have reason to worry yet.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
THE NASA DIET Boosters of the international space station have justified the billions spent on the project with reasons ranging from scientific research in a weightless environment to providing the first base camp on the long trek to the moon and planets.
Pavano accepts Yankees #39; \$39 million ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Carl Pavano decided Saturday he wanted to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York closed in on a four-year contract worth about \$39 million.
Celtics snap skid, beating Sonics 98-84 Gary Payton is way too much for second-year pro Luke Ridnour to handle. That #39;s why the Boston Celtics have notched two of Seattle #39;s four losses this season.
Concert bomb: 5 still critical Colombo - Five people fought for their lives on Sunday a day after a grenade attack killed two concertgoers and wounded 17 at a controversial show featuring top Indian film stars in the Sri Lankan capital, police said.
Ecological forum gets greenhouse gas report A new report on ecological damage from greenhouse gases dominated the sidelines of a UN conference on global warming Saturday as delegates from nearly 200 nations 
Iraqi insurgents inflict relentless attack Insurgents pressed their attack on US troops and Iraq #39;s security forces Saturday, killing five Iraqi police officers and wounding 14 American soldiers in a relentless effort to derail next month #39;s elections.
Giants Shift Blame from Coach to the Players Tom Coughlin will not bear the brunt of the Giants' failure. The team is looking to the players that span two coaching staffs and two unbearable seasons.
United cuts flight capacity out of DIA United Airlines will decrease capacity on about 30 routes from Denver as it reduces US flight capacity by 14 percent and adds international flights to focus on more profitable routes.
Little change seen in Dec. 14 statement WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Every Federal Open Market Committee meeting contains a flavor of mystery as officials gather behind closed doors to hold crucial discussions about the economic forecast and to make decisions on interest rates.
Is Microsoft #39;s media center ready for prime time? The traveling  #39; #39;Windows on Wheels quot; exhibition, parked at dusk outside the Micro Center electronics palace on Memorial Drive, is jam-packed with 
Monty taming Tiger #39;s tournament Scotland #39;s Colin Montgomerie fired a 4-under-par 67 to grab a two-stroke lead after the third round of the \$US7 million World Challenge golf tournament at Thousand Oaks in California.
Glasgow teams in cup clash Celtic have been drawn against arch rivals Rangers in next month #39;s third round Tennent #39;s Scottish Cup. Martin O #39;Neill #39;s men will have home advantage against their Old Firm rivals.
In brief: Notre Dame reportedly near deal with coach Notre Dame was close to hiring New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis as its new coach, a university source said Saturday night, but the deal was not complete and still could fall apart.
Lonard four back in pursuit of Slam Australian David McKenzie, who missed qualifying for his US PGA tour card by one shot six days ago, had an 8-under-par 64 Saturday to take a two-stroke lead after the third round of the Australian Masters.
Brewers deal Kolb for top prospect It did not take long for Brewers general manager Doug Melvin to pique the interest of the club #39;s presumptive new owner.  quot;On my way down here, Doug said he wanted to talk 
NFL: Jets, Rams, Broncos and Vikings Complete Puzzle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jeff Wilkins booted a clutch 31-yard  field goal to earn the St. Louis Rams a playoff berth with a  32-29 overtime victory over the New York Jets on Sunday, as the  NFL regular season came to furious conclusion.
Celtics hand Sonics first home loss SEATTLE - Paul Pierce scored 22 points and Gary Payton had 21 against his former team as the Boston Celtics snapped a three-game losing streak, beating the streaking Seattle SuperSonics 98-84 on Saturday night.
Portugal #39;s prime minister announces government is quitting Portugal, already reeling from an alarming economic decline, plunged deeper into crisis Saturday when the conservative government quit a day after the president dissolved parliament and called an early general election.
Peace talks on Darfur crisis to resume AU-sponsored peace talks on Darfur crisis are to be resumed at the Nigerian capital, Abuja, a spokesman for the continental body told reporters.
Jaish-e-Muslimeen chief arrested in Karachi KARACHI: Security forces have arrested the head of the Jaish-e-Muslimeen, Mohammed Akbar Agha, here in Gulshan-e-Iqbal. He allegedly masterminded the kidnapping of three United Nations workers in Afghanistan.
Space Station Crew Must Cut Back on Food A Russian-built cargo spacecraft, Progress 16, had been scheduled to deliver fresh food, water and other supplies to the ISS last month, but the mission was delayed until late December.
a gem of a meteor show If you were disappointed with the meager showing put on by this years Leonid meteor shower, dont fret. What could be the best meteor display of the year is scheduled to reach its peak on Monday night.
Prem Preview: Southampton  Middlesbrough Next in the hot seat we have Mr Redknapp. Your first question Mr Redknapp, for 3 points, is how on earth are you going to rescue Southampton from relegation this season?
LEINART #39;S LANDSLIDE It started to sink in for Matt Leinart as he shook the hands behind the stage. About two dozen past Heisman Trophy winners gathered in a ballroom here at the Hilton New York last night to welcome the newest member of their fraternity.
Two Burmese dissidents freed in release of 5,000 prisoners At least two Burmese dissidents are among thousands of prisoners being freed by the military government in a third mass release in less than a month.
UK Police probe alleged charity fraud plot Police in Britain are questioning nine men in connection with an alleged plot to defraud hundreds of thousands of pounds from the UK national lottery and children #39;s charities.
Dens of ingenuity MANCHESTER, N.H. -- One of the great things about being Kevin Casey is getting to tell your spouse: Honey, I need to get the 61-inch television. For work.
Is Microsoft's media center ready for prime time? CAMBRIDGE -- The traveling ''Windows on Wheels quot; exhibition, parked at dusk outside the Micro Center electronics palace on Memorial Drive, is jam-packed with wary Christmas shoppers checking out Microsoft Corp.'s lit-up vision of their entertainment future.
Successful fund shifts strategy, targets losses Near the end of a very good year for his mutual funds, Ron Baron is talking about cutting his losers.
Letters Mellon Financial is good for Boston We take exception to Sasha Talcott's characterization of Mellon Financial in her story on corporate giving in Boston ( quot;Mergers pinching smaller nonprofits, quot; Nov. 21).
Pennies at a time, we chip away at long-distance firms BigZoo.com, a popular California company selling prepaid long distance for as little as 2.9 cents a minute, is getting out of the business at the end of next month.
Scare tactics obscure Social Security debate I haven't made up my mind on the subject of private accounts for Social Security. Unlike the Bush administration, I prefer to study the facts before leaping to conclusions. (For contrast, see the war in Iraq.)
Fidelity family deals probed Federal regulators are investigating whether traders at Fidelity Investments improperly steered business to their brothers who work for brokerage firms that execute trades for the mutual fund giant, according to attorneys and others involved in the case.
Buying a necktie with Joseph Abboud Stripes are back. Solid red is out. And purple (indigo, to you, buddy) is the new power blue.
Selling sentiment: the greeting-card industry Mass-production greeting cards are store-bought sentiment. They are meant to convey endearing words to a friend or loved one on a special occasion.
CVS chief executive's prescription for growth With the purchase of Eckerd Corp. for \$2.15 billion this year, Tom Ryan transformed Rhode Island's CVS Corp. into a national force with more than 5,000 drugstore s. Ryan began working at CVS as a pharmacist in Warwick, R.I., in 1978. Now, as chief executive, he is engineering the integration of 1,260 Eckerd stores. He spoke recently with Globe reporter ...
Avoiding future debt from holiday present Anne Maneikis has a problem with the holidays. She goes crazy. The rest of the year, she is perfectly sane. Thirty-seven and single, she works as an account executive for an advertising agency, managing budgets.
Palestinian Militants Fire Rocket in Gaza (AP) AP - Palestinian militants fired three mortar shells and a homemade rocket toward Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip on Sunday, the army spokesman said.
NBA: Pistons Down Celtics, Wizards Beat Hawks  AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (Sports Network) - Rasheed Wallace  racked up 23 points and 12 rebounds and five other Detroit  players scored in double-figures as the Pistons cruised to a  100-88 victory over Boston at the Palace at Auburn Hills.
Irish pluck Weis When Charlie Weis puts on his headset on the Patriots sideline today, he'll hope the best academic high school football players in America will be watching. That's because Weis now has two jobs -- offensive coordinator for the New England Patriots and head coach of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish.
Epstein is being a smart shopper ANAHEIM, Calif. -- He's making it look easy, as if he's strolling down a supermarket aisle, checking off the items on his grocery list as he lobs them into his cart. And while some of these transactions were not yet official as of yesterday afternoon, no one doubts that Theo Epstein will have enough dough when he gets to the ...
Shanahan tries hand at being a Mr. Fix-It Kudos to Red Wings winger Brendan Shanahan for reaching into his own pocket last week to bring in a bunch of his pals for a hockey summit in Toronto. Finally, a member of the rank and file emerges as the conscience of the game, and at a time when the NHL product desperately needs propping up in the  quot;E quot; (for ...
Montgomerie leads World Challenge Names Colin Montgomerie overcame a few obnoxious fans and a pairing with Tiger Woods to post a 4-under-par 67 and take a two-shot lead in the Target World Challenge in Thousand Oaks, Calif., yesterday. Montgomerie was hardly intimidated playing with the tournament host, needing only four holes to put four shots between them on the leaderboard of the 16-man tournament. ...
Cricket: Tendulkar sets new best Sachin Tendulkar hits a career-best 248 not out as India gain a lead of 342 over Bangladesh.
At White House, harder line with Putin considered WASHINGTON -- A debate is brewing at the highest levels of the Bush administration over whether to adopt a tougher stance toward Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin, who has systematically rolled back democratic freedoms and tried to snuff out democracy in weak neighboring states with little American opposition, according to US officials and policy analysts.
Militant leader held in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A man who launched a militant Islamic group to fight US forces in Afghanistan has been arrested in connection with the kidnapping of three UN workers there in October, a senior Pakistani Cabinet minister said yesterday.
US-trained forces scour Sahara for terror links NIAMEY, Niger -- A company of 150 soldiers from Niger has brought the war on terrorism to a new frontier, carrying out a three-week hunt for armed bandits linked to an Algerian terror group in the inhospitable terrain of the Sahara desert and the Sahel region.
After lynchings, Mexico looks inward SAN JUAN IXTAYOPAN, Mexico -- A pair of wooden crosses outside the elementary school are all that mark the macabre site where, just weeks ago, an angry mob captured two federal police officers, beat them unconscious, and set them on fire.
Chen Dealt Setback In Taiwan Election  TAIPEI, Taiwan, Dec. 11 -- Taiwanese voted Saturday not to give President Chen Shui-bian the legislative majority he had sought in a hard-fought campaign as reinforcement for his leadership and endorsement of his plans to edge the self-ruled island closer to independence.
Is more desire for sex worth risk to the heart? The FDA says no Many women, both surgically and naturally menopausal, probably were disappointed last week when a Food and Drug Administration advisory group recommended holding off approving a new libido patch to rev up womens low sex desire.
Cheetham Leads Dunhill After 3 Rounds MALELANE, South Africa - England #39;s Neil Cheetham had the only bogey-free round Saturday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that gave him a one-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Championship.
Arabs slam US for policy on Israel RABAT, Morocco -- Arab leaders rebuked the United States on Saturday for its policy on Israel, saying US efforts to curb Islamic extremism and promote democracy in the Middle East could not be taken seriously because of its one-sided stand in the Israeli 
Two Myanmar dissidents freed in release of 5,000 prisoners &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; YANGON : At least two Myanmar dissidents were among thousands of prisoners being freed after the military government announced it had begun releasing more than 5,000 detainees in a third mass release in less than a month, relatives and officials said.
Democratic Rep. Bob Matsui Dies at 63 (AP) AP - Rep. Robert T. Matsui of California, who spent time in an internment camp for Japanese-Americans as an infant during World War II and went on to serve 26 years in Congress, has died of complications from a rare disease, his family said Sunday.
Israel's Labour Opens Way for Alliance with Sharon (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's opposition Labour party said\on Sunday it had no preconditions for joining with Prime\Minister Ariel Sharon, paving the way for a broad new\government to push through his Gaza withdrawal plan.
A Mission Worth The Risk A well-researched study by the National Academy of Sciences makes a persuasive case for refurbishing the Hubble Space Telescope. NASA, which is reluctant to take this mission, should rethink its position.
Torre the lure as Pavano opts for Yankees As it turned out, Joe Torre trumped Curt Schilling in the Carl Pavano sweepstakes. Pavano #39;s agent, Scott Shapiro, said last night that the 
Are steroids as bad as we think they are? IT MAY NOT HAVE been the most substantive line in President Bush #39;s State of the Union address last January, but it had to be the least controversial.
Grenade Kills Two at Colombo Bollywood Concert (Reuters) Reuters - Two people were killed and 11 wounded\when a hand grenade was lobbed into the VIP section of the\audience at a concert led by Indian film superstar Shah Rukh\Khan and two other actors, police said.
U.S. Gave  #36;1B in Faith-Based Funds in 2003 (AP) AP - The government gave more than  #36;1 billion in 2003 to organizations it considers "faith-based," with some going to programs where prayer and spiritual guidance are central and some to organizations that do not consider themselves religious at all.
Grenade kills two at Colombo Bollywood concert (Reuters) Reuters - Two people were killed and 11 wounded when a hand grenade was lobbed into the VIP section of the audience at a concert led by Indian film superstar Shah Rukh Khan and two other actors, police said.
Grenade Kills Two at Colombo Bollywood Concert  COLOMBO (Reuters) - Two people were killed and 11 wounded  when a hand grenade was lobbed into the VIP section of the  audience at a concert led by Indian film superstar Shah Rukh  Khan and two other actors, police said.
Chen Loses Taiwan Poll, China Strains Seen Easing  TAIPEI (Reuters) - The pro-independence party of Taiwan  President Chen Shui-bian suffered a surprise defeat in weekend  legislative elections that could ease tensions with China but  paralyze government on the democratic island.
Romania PM, Bucharest Mayor Face Off for Presidency  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian Prime Minister Adrian  Nastase and popular Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu face off in  a presidential election runoff on Sunday seen as key for the  Balkan country's European Union accession path.
The US climate change vision  quot;The issue of climate change respects no border. Its effects cannot be reined in by an army nor advanced by any ideology. Climate change, with its potential to impact every corner 
Unscrupulous financial advisers cash in on clients #39; home equity By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Rising residential real estate values have been a blessing for many households.
Sony takes on Nintendo in portable game console market with PSP TOKYO : Sony has launched a frontal assault on Nintendo #39;s domination in the portable game console market by kicking off Japan sales of its new PlayStation Portable (PSP), drawing huge lines in Tokyo.
Driver #39;s seat is his Heisman win This happened a year ago, after USC capped its regular season with an all-afternoon assault on the Oregon State end zone. Outside the Coliseum, the parents of some Trojans players celebrated 
Manning #39;s ties closer to Fouts than Marino As Peyton Manning zeroes in on Dan Marino #39;s long-standing record of 48 touchdown passes in a season, the comparisons between the two have become inevitable -- one generation #39;s gunslinger giving way to the next.
Risk-taker Miller in search of Euro win The winner, Werner Franz of Austria, was second out of the starting gate, and did not suffer from the biting cold and harsh wind faced by the later runners.
Kaman itching to play despite recent surgery As a perpetual losing franchise, the Clippers have been known to find motivation in strange places, especially when they are far out of the playoff race.
Hatcher, Blazers win D-II title FLORENCE, Ala. - Chris Hatcher was atop NCAA Division II football as a player at Valdosta State in 1994. Now, the Macon native is at its pinnacle as the Blazers #39; coach.
IKEA Touts Its 'Democratic Design' (Reuters) Reuters - The design chief of home\furnishing giant IKEA was recently asked in China, now home to\two of the blue and yellow warehouses selling the Scandinavian\lifestyle, if he was worried about being a "design\imperialist."
Labour in coalition talks with Sharon Israel #39;s opposition Labour party says it has set no conditions for joining Sharon #39;s government, paving the way for a broad coalition that could pushthrough his Gaza withdrawal plan.
US soldiers wounded in Mosul fighting A US aircraft dropped a quarter-tonne bomb on the northern Iraqi city of Mosul resulting in an  quot;unknown number of enemy casualties quot; and injuring eight American soldiers.
Political Prisoners Among Latest Freed in Myanmar Two senior pro-democracy leaders jailed in 1995 for distributing anti-government pamphlets were freed in military-ruled Myanmar on Sunday, part of the junta #39;s latest release of more than 5,000 prisoners.
IKEA Touts Its 'Democratic Design'  ALMHULT, Sweden (Reuters) - The design chief of home  furnishing giant IKEA was recently asked in China, now home to  two of the blue and yellow warehouses selling the Scandinavian  lifestyle, if he was worried about being a "design  imperialist."
V. Klitschko punishes Williams in title defense LAS VEGAS -- Vitali Klitschko made one statement with his fists, and another with his words. Both came through loud and clear in a dominating title defense that elevated him to the top of a crowded list of heavyweight champions.
CZAR: Week 14 viewer #39;s guide Knowing he was a long-shot to land a high-paying NFL job in Miami or Cleveland, Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis made the smart move and went after the head coaching position at Notre Dame.
Lakers makes selves at home The fact that Tomjanovich took no flight before the contest and actually was in Staples Center may have been lost on the Laker coach.
Celtics give Seattle first loss at home During last season #39;s NBA Finals, Doc Rivers slid a note to his broadcast partner, Al Michaels, during a timeout.  quot;It just said Gary (Payton) can still play, quot; the Boston coach recalled the other day.
Romanians vote in presidential run-off BUCHAREST (AFP) - Romanians went to the polls to elect a president in a second-round run-off vote pitting Prime Minister Adrian Nastase, the favourite, against Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu.
Not running scared FOXBOROUGH -- It's perhaps fitting that Rudi Johnson's middle name is Ali, because he will be in one corner, wearing an orangy uniform.
Torre the lure as Pavano opts for Yankees ANAHEIM, Calif. -- As it turned out, Joe Torre trumped Curt Schilling in the Carl Pavano sweepstakes.
Montana cruises to final Craig Ochs passed for 204 yards and three touchdowns, and Montana forced four turnovers in a 34-13 victory over Sam Houston State in a Division 1-AA semifinal game yesterday in Missoula, Mont.
Erwin's shooting lifts ND Crystal Erwin scored a career-high 24 points on 9-for-9 shooting and Jacqueline Batteast had 17 points and 10 rebounds, leading seventh-ranked Notre Dame to a 72-58 victory over Washington yesterday at South Bend, Ind.
Smith has finishing touch Sean Marshall did the work in the first half, scoring 17 of his 19 points. Then Jared Dudley carried the load early in the second half, tallying 13 of his 17, including 9 in the first 8 minutes 48 seconds.
Leinart picks up Heisman NEW YORK -- Matt Leinart replaced a Heisman Trophy winner and became one himself. The Southern California quarterback won college football's most prestigious individual award last night, beating out Oklahoma teammates Adrian Peterson and Jason White, last year's winner.
Are steroids as bad as we think they are? IT MAY NOT HAVE been the most substantive line in President Bush's State of the Union address last January, but it had to be the least controversial.  quot;The use of performance-enhancing drugs like steroids in baseball, football, and other sports is dangerous, quot; he intoned.  quot;And it sends the wrong message -- that there are shortcuts to accomplishment, and that performance ...
His credentials rock-solid AKRON, Ohio -- Michigan multimillionaire Dan Gilbert wants into the club, and he's prepared to spend mightily to enter.
BC women get second wind Once again, the Boston College women's basketball team started strong in the second half to blow open a close game, this time using a 15-4 run after intermission to stretch a 5-point halftime edge into an easy 78-49 win over the University of New Hampshire yesterday at Conte Forum.
Portuguese government resigns after snap vote call (AFP) AFP - Portuguese Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes has announced that he and his centre-right cabinet had submitted their resignations, the day after the nation's socialist president announced he would dissolve parliament and call an early vote.
Dealings With Putin Discussed  The political crisis in Ukraine has touched off a fresh debate inside the White House and foreign policy offices over how President Bush should handle Russian President Vladimir Putin's increasingly authoritarian rule at home and assertive presence abroad, according to administration officials.
Subdivision Blaze 'Was Truly an Awesome Sight'  When Wally Danielson's pager started rattling at 4:54 a.m. last Monday to report a fire of an undetermined nature at Hunters Brooke, the volunteer fire chief in Marbury didn't think much of it.
Tackling The Pros: Play Hardball You don #39;t have to hit Major League Baseball or its Players Association over the head with a bat for them to take baseball #39;s drug problems seriously.
Philippine movie star, presidential candidate FPJ in coma after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MANILA : Philippine movie star and former presidential candidate Fernando Poe has slipped into a coma after suffering a stroke, a spokesman said.
Holidays are a hit with thieves When most of us contemplate the holidays, we think of friends, family and fellowship. But Susan Larson has phishing on her mind. Larson works for SurfControl, an Internet and e-mail security company.
Pavano picks Yankees; Red Sox grab Wells Carl Pavano decided he wanted to be a Yankee, and his agent and team officials worked to complete a four-year deal for about \$39-million.
Voting starts in Romanian presidential run-off Romanians started to cast ballots in a second-round run-off vote on Sunday to elect a new president for a five-year term. About 17,560 polling stations across the country 
Victim swam in shark feeding frenzy A MAN killed by a shark on the Great Barrier Reef was spearfishing amid a shark feeding frenzy, a crew sent to rescue him said today.
Test of Rocket Postponed The Air Force scrubbed its planned launch of a new Delta 4 rocket on Saturday afternoon when engineers were unable to fix a computer system designed to fire the engines.
Neighbors of Burned Homes Pained by Suburban Sprawl The fires set at a development on a wetland in Maryland have highlighted a long and contentious battle over whether the injection of suburban density belonged there.
Notebook: Teams have A #39;s on speed dial ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Oakland general manager Billy Beane has spent most of two days here sequestered in his hotel suite. Maybe there will be a puff of white smoke signaling a trade for right-handed ace Tim Hudson 
SILVIO #39;S PAL IS JAILED A CLOSE political ally and business associate of Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi was jailed for nine years yesterday for colluding with the Mafia.
Tendulkar, Pathan put India on verge of victory (Reuters) Reuters - Sachin Tendulkar cracked a career-best 248 and Irfan Pathan grabbed his maiden 10-wicket haul to take India to the verge of victory at tea on the third day of the first test against Bangladesh on Sunday.
NBA Wrap: Finley, Nowitzki Lead Mavs Over Rockets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Michael Finley had 26 points and Dirk  Nowitzki added 22 points and 14 rebounds as the Dallas  Mavericks crushed their state rivals, the Houston Rockets,  102-78 in National Basketball Association play Saturday.
Klitschko Retains WBC Heavyweight Crown  LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - Ukraine's Vitali Klitschko stopped  Britain's Danny Williams in the eighth round to retain his  World Boxing Council heavyweight crown on Saturday.
Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable goes on sale TOKYO - Sony Computer Entertainment Inc entered the handheld video game market Sunday with the sale of its new PlayStation Portable, pitting it against competitors ahead of the holiday sales period.
Travel 101: Australia #39;s Great Barrier Reef What: The Great Barrier Reef is actually a maze of about 3,000 individual reefs and 900 islands stretching along Australia #39;s east coast, from north of Brisbane to Papua New Guinea.
Microsoft WinFS delayed even beyond Longhorn The so-called next-gen filesystem to come from Microsoft is really looking to earn that generational distinction, and in more ways than one.
Green strikes gold in MasterCard Masters in Australia European Tour Member Richard Green finally enjoyed the taste of victory in 2004 when he has sunk a four foot birdie putt on the first play-off hole to capture the \$225,000 first prize in a dramatic conclusion to the 2004 MasterCard Masters at Huntingdale 
Union #39;s reply to next league offer holds key The dynamic 24 percent payroll rollback proposed by the NHL Players Association last week was simply another gambit in the NHL #39;s labor dispute.
Arabs: Support for Israel taints reform efforts Arab leaders rebuked the United States yesterday for its policy toward Israel, saying US efforts to curb Muslim extremism and promote democracy in the Middle East could 
ESPN.com news services Round 1: Vitali Klitschko opened his WBC heavyweight title defense with a diet of left jabs, cutting Danny williams #39; right eye early.
Congo army factions clash eastern town of Goma before the 11,000-strong UN force in Congo sent up a helicopter to have a look.  quot;We flew over the area and the situation was calm.
Seahawks' Robinson Inactive Vs. Falcons (AP) AP - Koren Robinson is back in the dog house. Again. The talented but troubled receiver was inactive for Seattle's 28-26 win over Atlanta on Sunday for violating an undisclosed team rule.
Songs in the shade It seems like a cool idea - sunglasses with a built-in digital music player and speakers. And if Thump, Oakley #39;s new breed of eyewear, retailed for about \$100, it might be an alternative to the rudimentary flash memory card music players on the market.
ROUND-UP Mixed fortunes for Irish as Spurs win Robbie Keane was declared fit for Spurs clash with Manchester City on Saturday afternoon and Stephen Kelly made a half-time sub appearance for Martin Jols side, but neither enjoyed particularly memorable afternoons despite their sides third 
Red Sox add Wells to cast of characters The self-proclaimed  quot;bunch of idiots quot; at Fenway Park are getting a new ringleader. In a move sure to torment the Yankees, the Red Sox have reached agreement on a two-year contract with David Wells.
2 killed in Sri Lankan capital at Indian mega star show Two fans attending a concert staged by a mega Indian film star were killed late on Saturday night with a dozen suffering injuries, police said early Sunday morning.
Canada confirms mad cow case Canada confirms that a cow from the province of Alberta has tested positive for mad cow disease.
Weis decision: Irish make their move After being turned down by Urban Meyer and spurned by other big-name coaches (in some cases before the coach even was contacted), Notre Dame officials concluded their search for a replacement for Tyrone Willingham as head football coach Saturday night by 
Blast at Market in Southern Philippines Kills 13 (Reuters) Reuters - A huge explosion rocked the southern\Philippine city of General Santos on Sunday, killing 13 people\and injuring at least 60 at a public market, police and\witnesses said.
Israel Cabinet Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's cabinet agreed on Sunday to  free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a move meant to show  goodwill ahead of elections to replace Yasser Arafat, officials  said.
Blast at Market in Southern Philippines Kills 13  MANILA (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked the southern  Philippine city of General Santos on Sunday, killing 13 people  and injuring at least 60 at a public market, police and  witnesses said.
Strike move in public pension row Unions consider strike calls over government plans to raise public sector workers' pension age.
US stance on Hussein's oil sales eyed WASHINGTON -- Saddam Hussein was dead broke, the result of UN penalties. Or so it was thought.
Colombia militias handing over guns CAMPO DOS, Colombia -- As Javier Alfonso Vela watched 1,425 paramilitary soldiers turn in their weapons under a blazing sun Friday in Colombia's largest demobilization of combatants, the missionary wondered aloud whether disarming right-wing militias would be a first step to ending his country's 40-year-old conflict, or a dangerous opening for the return of leftist guerrillas to this provincial outpost ...
Arab countries say US support of Israel makes political reform a difficult task RABAT, Morocco -- Senior Arab officials attending a US- sponsored conference to promote democracy in the Middle East emphatically rejected yesterday the Bush administration's assertion that greater democracy in the region would help end terrorism. They argued that the administration's strong support of Israel made it difficult to undertake political reform or to stop extremists driven by hatred of US ...
Distrust on Arafat's demise RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat's nephew said yesterday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already believe the late leader was poisoned despite Israel's repeated and vehement denials.
Iranians see right to nuclear program as matter of national pride TEHRAN, Iran -- From this country's divisive political sphere to its disaffected streets, one thing binds Iranians of all ideologies: a fervent belief in the Islamic Republic's right to its nuclear program.
Klitschko Batters Williams to Retain WBC Title Ukraine #39;s Vitali Klitschko left Danny Williams battered and bruised on Saturday, stopping the Briton in the eighth round to retain his World Boxing Council heavyweight crown.
Stationary bike: Hamilton in limbo There is still the bike, always the bike. Tyler Hamilton opens the door to his hillside home above the spectacular Sunshine Canyon, puts on his racing helmet and hits the road for six hours, as he has most days for the past decade. One thing, at least, has not changed. One thing is not in doubt.
Barnicle finishes 6th in humid San Diego All season, Chris Barnicle seemed prepared for just about everything, but the Newton North senior was not ready for the hot weather he encountered yesterday in San Diego at the Footlocker Cross-Country National Championships. Racing in humid conditions with temperatures in the 70s, the Massachusetts Division 1 state champion finished sixth in 15 minutes 34 seconds in the 5-kilometer race. ...
Irish in talks with NFL #39;s Weis By wire services. Notre Dame #39;s search for a coach to replace ousted Tyrone Willingham appears to be nearing an end. According to the Chicago Tribune, the seven-member committee that voted to fire Willingham Nov.
Bangladesh crumble Bangladesh slumped to 36 for five at tea on Sunday as India closed in on a victory which could yet be completed within three days.
Landmarks for India as Bangladesh Crumble Bangladesh slumped to 36 for five at tea today as India closed in on a victory within three days. Sachin Tendulkars Test career-best 248 not out and Zaheer Khans world record 75 for a number 11 had taken 
Myanmar to Release More Prisoners Myanmar #39;s ruling military junta announced Saturday that more than 5,000 prisoners have had their sentences suspended and will be freed from various prisons around the 
US begins operation to hunt Taliban KABUL, Dec 11: The US-led military in Afghanistan has kicked off a new operation to hunt Taliban militants in their winter stronghold and force them to accept an Afghan government reconciliation offer, a US military spokesman said on Saturday.
Fugitive financier Frankel will seek reduced prison sentence NEW HAVEN, Conn. The Connecticut financier who stole more than 200 (m) million dollars from insurance companies in Tennessee and other states to finance a lavish lifestyle will ask for a reduced prison sentence.
Red Sox, Yankees duel with free agents again The way the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees have sprung to life at baseball #39;s winter meetings, you #39;d swear they were again in a two-team contest.
Powell leaving, Mideast struggle staying Rabat, Morocco -- Colin Powell ended what may be his last overseas trip as US secretary of state here Saturday, struggling with the same issues that consumed so much of his four years in office -- the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and peace and reform in 
Israel Cabinet Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians Israel #39;s cabinet agreed on Sunday to free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a move meant to show goodwill ahead of elections to replace Yasser Arafat, officials said.
Romania PM, Bucharest Mayor Battle for Presidency (Reuters) Reuters - Romanian Prime Minister Adrian
Australian Man Detained in Iraq (AP) AP - An Australian man of Lebanese origin has been detained in northern Iraq by Kurdish militiamen and Australian officials are investigating whether the detainee has links to terrorists, Kurdish and Australian officials said Sunday.
Mandelson #39;s peace move in Airbus subsidies battle EU Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson has launched top-level negotiations to avert a damaging economic war between America and Europe over subsidies for aircraft maker Airbus.
Ho, ho, ho! IRS has  #39;gift #39; for you It #39;s soon to be income tax season. You are entering the Alternative Minimum Tax Zone. For a growing number of taxpayers, the AMT strips away your tax deductions and leaves you paying higher taxes.
Ukrainian Klitschko retains WBC heavyweight crown Vitali Klitschko of Ukraine stopped Danny Williams of Britain in the eighth round to retain his World Boxing Council heavyweight crown in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Indian envoy had narrow escape in Colombo blast Dignitaries, including Indian High Commissioner Nirupama Rao, had a narrow escape in the grenade attack on a concert in Colombo that killed two people and injured 19 as Bollywood megastar Shah Rukh Khan made 20,000 star-struck fans rock by screaming  quot;I 
13 dead, 52 wounded in Philippine bomb explosion COTABATO, Philippines: Thirteen people were killed and at least 52 others injured in a bomb attack in a public market in the southern Philippines Sunday, the military said.
Middle East ; Arafat could have died of poisoning, PLO official Middle East News, Ramallah, Dec 12 (IANS) A top Palestinian official has said the late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat could have died of poisoning, but there was  quot;no medical or political proof quot;, reports Xinhua.
Round Two in Romanian Presidential Ballot These are important days for the future of Romania. Not only has the EU agreed to conclude membership talks with Bucharest, but Sunday also sees the second round of presidential elections.
US mobile firms 'close' to merger Sprint and Nextel reportedly reach a "tentative agreement" on a merger which will create the third largest mobile phone operator in the US.
Yugo Entrepreneur Importing Chinese Cars (AP) AP - The man who brought the Yugo and Subaru to this country has a new project  #151; becoming the first mass importer of low-cost Chinese-made cars.
Klitschko Batters Williams to Retain WBC Title  LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - Ukraine's Vitali Klitschko left Danny  Williams battered and bruised on Saturday, stopping the Briton  in the eighth round to retain his World Boxing Council  heavyweight crown.
Poutiainen Wins But Plays Down Cup Hopes  ALTENMARKT, Austria (Reuters) - Finland's Tanja Poutiainen  snatched back the women's World Cup lead with her third victory  of the Alpine ski season on Sunday but played down her chances  of winning the overall title.
Tendulkar, Pathan put India on verge of win Defiant knocks by Manjural Rana and Nasif Iqbal helped Bangladesh survive another day of Test cricket in the first match of the series against India at the Bangabandhu National Stadium in Dhaka on Sunday.
Yushchenko: Ukraine Events Are Like Fall of Soviets  VIENNA (Reuters) - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor  Yushchenko, speaking after doctors said he was poisoned with  dioxin, on Sunday likened his country's upheaval over a rigged  election to the fall of Soviet rule or the Berlin wall.
Berlusconi Ally Gets 9-Year Prison Term for Links to Mafia An Italian court has sentenced a close political ally of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to nine years in prison for working with the mafia.
We #39;ve convicted al-Qaida supporters, says Iran Iran acknowledged for the first time today it has convicted some Iranians of supporting al-Qaida. A few pro-al Qaida Iranian nationals have been tried and convicted, said foreign ministry spokesman Hamid Reza Asefi.
Israeli cabinet authorizes release of Palestinian prisoners The Israeli cabinet agreed Sunday morning to free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a goodwill gesture ahead of the upcoming Palestinian presidential elections, officials said.
Israel Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel agreed on Sunday to free up to  200 Palestinian prisoners to show goodwill after Egypt freed a  convicted Israeli spy and ahead of elections for Yasser  Arafat's successor, officials said.
Iran Refuses to Give Up Nuclear Research-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran intends to use Monday's talks with  France, Britain and Germany to ensure it has the right to go on  carrying out research with equipment that could be used to  develop nuclear weapons, Western diplomats said.
Grenade Kills Two at Colombo Bollywood Concert  COLOMBO (Reuters) - Two people were killed and 11 wounded  when a hand grenade exploded in the VIP section of the audience  at a concert led by Indian film superstar Shah Rukh Khan and  two other actors, police said.
Las Vegas Sands Looks for a Jackpot  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rolling the dice at a craps table or  wagering a paycheck playing poker may not be the most rational  use of money, but one casino operator is hoping investors will  find its stock a better bet.
MergerTalk: U.S. Distress Funds Eye Germany  NEW YORK (Reuters) - German banks, looking to put bad  investments behind them, are hanging 'For Sale' signs on  billions of euros in distressed loans in a move that's  attracting major U.S. vulture funds.
Daw Aung San Suu Kyi awarded Honorary Citizen of Paris Burmas democracy leader, Nobel laureate and General Secretary of The National League for Democracy (NLD), Daw Aung San Suu Kyi was awarded the honorary citizen of Paris by its city council in a ceremony held on 10 December.
Israel Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians Israel agreed on Sunday to free up to 200 Palestinian prisoners to show goodwill after Egypt freed a convicted Israeli spy and ahead of elections for Yasser Arafat #39;s successor, officials said.
Peru Gunmen Seize Police Station (AP) AP - Gunmen belonging to a nationalist group that seized a police station in remote southern Peru ambushed a police vehicle on Sunday, killing four officers and wounding several more, hospital officials said. One gunman was gravely wounded.
Kuwaitis Get Apology From Palestinians (AP) AP - Palestinian leader Mahmound Abbas provided a long-awaited apology to Kuwaitis for the Palestinian support of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein after his army invaded Kuwait in 1990, making the remarks on arriving as part of a Middle East tour to repair relations with Arab nations.
Livewire: News and Info Junkies Take New Look at RSS (Reuters) Reuters - News and information junkies are\taking a new look at RSS, a technology that helps them feed\their habit without getting overwhelmed in the clutter of the\information age.
PluggedIn: Digital Cameras All the Rage This Christmas (Reuters) Reuters - When families and friends get\together for the holidays this year, many more of them will use\a digital camera to record those memories.
Flood at Chinese Mine Traps 36 Workers (AP) AP - A flood at a mine in southern China trapped 36 workers on Sunday, the government said, the latest in a recent string of disasters in the country's perilous coal mines.
Microsoft's Improved Media Center Still Falls Short (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft's Media Center edition of Windows XP -- a special layer of software designed to let people enjoy their digital photos, music and videos from across the room -- has to rank as one of the company's bigger disappointments in a while. All the money Microsoft has thrown into promoting Media Center has yet to lend it any momentum in the market.
PlayStation Portable spoils gamers. Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. (SCE) made another hit. After optimizing the PlayStation 2 multiple times, they now decided to give the Portable market a chance.
Geminid meteor showers alarm area residents WASHINGTON It #39;s a global celestial event and scientists say the annual Geminid Meteor Shower is the best astronomy show of the year.
Two Taliban commanders caught US-LED and Afghan soldiers arrested two senior Taliban commanders and six militants during an operation in south-central Afghanistan, officials said today.
Star concert honours Nobel winner Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey host a concert paying tribute to Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari Maathai.
Salvation Army sees donation totals down Christmas may be the season for giving, but the Lancaster Salvation Army will not be receiving as much in donations as in past years.
Europe ; Airbus Hopes for 50 Jet Orders by June Philippe Camus, co-CEO of EADS, said the A350 was part of a long-term strategy for Airbus, taking both companies #39; needs and technological progress into account.
The Geminid Meteor Shower Make hot cocoa. Bundle up. Tell your friends: the best meteor shower of 2004 is about to peak on a long cold December night. It #39;s the Geminids.
Miller Tops Dream Giant Slalom Podium Bode Miller made his ambitions clear when he won his fifth World Cup race of the season in a giant slalom on Sunday ahead of the best two skiers of recent years.
Poutiainen Regains Women #39;s World Cup Lead Finland #39;s Tanja Poutiainen clears a gate during the women #39;s slalom World Cup race in Zauchensee, Austria, on Sunday, Dec. 12, 2004.
Burmese military #39;s move to free prisoners described as cynical Burma #39;s military government has announced the release of five-thousand detainees, in a third mass release in less than a month.
Fiat and GM Set for Showdown (Reuters) Reuters - Fiat and General Motors head for a\showdown this week as a one-year truce expires, opening the way\for them to go to court over whether Fiat can force the U.S.\group to buy its loss-mired car unit.
Las Vegas Sands Looks for a Jackpot (Reuters) Reuters - Rolling the dice at a craps table or\wagering a paycheck playing poker may not be the most rational\use of money, but one casino operator is hoping investors will\find its stock a better bet.
Meteor shower to light the sky Because skipping across the heavens like celestial sparklers will be hundreds of shooting stars during the annual Geminid meteor shower.
NASA telescopes find dust rings around For the first time, scientists have found rings of dust around planet-bearing stars - an important confirmation of theories about how planets form, NASA announced Thursday.
Yushchenko thanks medics for care Ukraine's opposition leader thanks doctors who treated him for suspected poisoning, as officials reopen the case.
Dhaka the best wicket in Asia - Pathan Dhaka: After claiming his first 10-wicket haul in Tests at Dhaka, Irfan Pathan on Sunday said the Bangabandhu National Stadium wicket is the best he has seen in Asia.
Opposition parties begin talks for coalition Israeli Government The opposition Labour Party in Israel has begun coalition talks with the Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud Party. Labour leader Shimon Peres says negotiations to establish a coalition government could be completed within a few days.
11 killed in Philippines blast An explosion in a public market in the southern Philippines on Sunday killed at least 11 people and injured nearly 30 others, police said.
Fiat and GM set for showdown over Fiat Auto sale Fiat (FIA.MI: Quote, Profile, Research) and General Motors (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) head for a showdown this week as a one-year truce expires, opening the 
Geminid Meteor Showers Alarm Area Residents WASHINGTON -- A meteor shower that had some startled motorists calling police is expected to continue over the next few days. Saturday night #39;s light show was part of the Geminids meteor shower, News4 reported.
Robbers Scared by GTA HellSpam writes  quot;Some robbers tried to burglarize a poor old lady and her 3 grandsons. Her grandsons happened to be playing Grand Theft Auto:San Andreas, and the sounds of the police from the game scared them away!
Mob rule takes a hit as Italy fights back MAFIA investigators christened him The Ambassador. After a seven-year trial in the bunker of a Palermo jail, Sicilian senator Marcello Dell #39;Utri, an old friend and political patron of Italian Prime Minister 
Bush Bikes Ahead of Christmas Celebration (AP) AP - President Bush attended church and went mountain biking Sunday before heading to a Christmas celebration.
Abbas apology to Kuwait over Iraq Mahmoud Abbas apologises to Kuwait for the Palestinians' support of Saddam Hussein's invasion in 1990.
US Fed set to serve up another small rate hike Federal Reserve officials are expected to nudge interest rates up on Tuesday for a fifth time this year, another small step in a campaign to gradually lift borrowing costs before inflation rears its head.
Fiat ready to test GM buyout option DETROIT Sergio Marchionne, the new chief executive of Fiat Group, has said that his company plans to vigorously defend its right to sell its auto business to General Motors, a move that GM has said it will contest in court if need be.
Dubai to enter US cargo security program The United Arab Emirates is the first country in the Middle East to participate in a US program intended to safeguard sea cargo from terrorists, US customs officials said Sunday.
Nasa head to quit - reports Washington - Nasa administrator Sean O #39;Keefe is expected to resign his job at the helm of the US space agency this week, according to news reports on Sunday.
Abbas to seek aid during Kuwait visit Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said he would seek financial aid during his visit to Kuwait on Sunday, the first such trip by a top Palestinian official since the 1990-91 Gulf War soured Kuwaiti-Palestinian ties.
The last presidential match The televized debate between presidential candidates Adrian Nastase and Traian Basescu didn #39;t have a winner from the very beginning.
Robot lets down fans of telescope Trying to save the famed Hubble Space Telescope with a robot would cost \$2 billion with just a 50-50 chance of success, an aerospace research group is advising NASA in the coming days.
Abbas apologizes to Kuwait over PLO stand on 1990 Iraqi invasion Visiting Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) executive committee chairman Mahmud Abbas here Sunday apologized to Kuwait for PLO #39;s past stance on the 1990 Iraqi invasion against the emirate.
PLO leader apologizes to Kuwait PLO leader Mahmud Abbas on Sunday apologized to Kuwait for the organization #39;s support of the 1990 Iraq invasion after arriving on a landmark visit to the emirate.
Derby win for Birmingham London - Birmingham City defeated Aston Villa 2-1 on Sunday to claim the second city derby, taking the match on first-half goals from Clinton Morrison and David Dunn.
EDITORIALSPrepare for post-Kyoto The Kyoto Protocol, a global agreement on reduction of greenhouse gases, comes into force on Feb. 16 next year, seven years after it was negotiated.
Fed Seen Nudging Rates Higher (Reuters) Reuters - Federal Reserve officials are\expected to nudge interest rates up on Tuesday for a fifth time\this year, another small step in a campaign to gradually lift\borrowing costs before inflation rears its head.
Fed Seen Nudging Rates Higher  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve officials are  expected to nudge interest rates up on Tuesday for a fifth time  this year, another small step in a campaign to gradually lift  borrowing costs before inflation rears its head.
Gunners vs. Blues: Soon there may be only one contender Chelsea and Arsenal may be the only true contenders for the Premier League title. After Sunday, there could be only one left. If league-leading Chelsea beats the Gunners at Highbury, the Blues 
Romanians Vote in Tense Runoff Ballot Voters in Romania are going to the polls in the final round of a presidential runoff which will determine who will lead the former Communist nation into the European Union in 2007.
NASA #39;s O #39;Keefe to Resign; Ex-Missile Defense Chief Tops List of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week, and the retired director of the Pentagon #39;s Missile Defense Agency tops a list of five men that President Bush is considering 
Premiership race heats up CHELSEA go to Highbury today knowing a win will open up an eight-point advantage over Premiership champs Arsenal. And we want YOUR views on the title race as soon as the final whistle blows in north London.
Roundup: Miller stretches lead with giant slalom triumph World Cup overall leader Bode Miller won a giant slalom for the second time this season Sunday, rallying from fourth place in the opening leg.
Tendulkar, Pathan give India scent of Test win (LEAD): Sports India, Cricket: Dhaka, Dec 12 : Pacer Irfan Pathan claimed his first 10-wicket haul and Sachin Tendulkar cracked a career-best unbeaten 248 to bring India within two wickets of victory on the third day of the first Test against Bangladesh here 
Scuffles Hit Iraq: Several with Police Chief Killed in Blasts SAMARRA (Iraq): With renewe d wave of skirmishes between the Iraqi insurgents and the US-led coalition marines, several people including top police officers were put to death on Saturday.
Turkish Premier Slams German Opposition Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan lashed out in a Sunday newspaper interview at Germany #39;s conservative opposition for its drive to torpedo Turkey #39;s EU membership bid, accusing it of populism.
Explosion Rips Through Israeli Checkpoint (AP) AP - A tunnel filled with explosives detonated Sunday under the Israeli checkpoint on the Gaza-Egypt border near the town of Rafah, causing casualties, military officials said.
Sharman witness: Tech can control illegal swapping Sharman Networks has called former Napster expert witness Justin Tygar to give his testimony during the ongoing trial against the parent company of Kazaa for alleged copyright infringement.
Action film star who lost Philippines' presidential election suffers stroke (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MANILA, Philippines (AP) - An action film star who narrowly lost this year's presidential elections in the Philippines suffered a stroke and slipped into a coma, his spokesman said Sunday.
Superman is 'greatest superhero' Superman comes top of a public vote to find the greatest fictional superhero of all time.
25 Years Later, a Different Revolution Victoria's Secret has arrived in Tehran. So have the Gap, Diesel, Benetton and Black   Decker. A quarter-century after a mass movement inspired by Islam ended 2,500 years of monarchy, Iran's revolutionary society is moving on.
Roadside Bomb Kills One U.S. Soldier A U.S. soldier died of wounds sustained when a roadside bomb hit his patrol in Baghdad, the U.S. military said Sunday. Three other American soldiers were slightly wounded in the same attack but returned to duty.
US officers to check US-bound cargo shipped from Dubai port DUBAI (AFP) - Dubai port, a leading world operator, signed a deal with the United States under which US officers will help screen US-bound containers that have been identified as a potential terrorist risk.
NASA Chief Applies for Job at LSU NASA (news - web sites) Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe has applied for a new job, as chancellor of Louisiana State University, and he is among the search committee #39;s top candidates.
FC Porto Wins Toyota Cup (AP) AP - European champion FC Porto won the Toyota Cup on Sunday, defeating Colombia's Once Caldas 8-7 in a penalty-kick shootout in a game between the top club teams from Europe and South America.
Ft Aston Villa 1 Birmingham 2 Carter was booked for not retreating 10 yards at a free-kick but Birmingham looked to have weathered the Villa storm. The Blues started to come forward more, although Morrison was high and wide from 20 yards 
EX-BLUES: Chelsea will RISE to the heights FORMER Chelsea defender Paul Elliott believes Jose Mourinho #39;s table-toppers have the self-belief to end their miserable league run at Highbury.
Inside the NFL - Manning playing as well as any quarterback ever Dan Marino, one-time recordsetting quarterback for the Miami Dolphins but now an analyst for CBS sports, tried in an interview earlier this season to get Colts quarterback Peyton Manning 
Christmas cheer to flow from OPEC oil price cuts DRIVERS can look forward to cheaper petrol in the new year, with price cuts expected of up to 10c a litre. Oil ministers of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) agreed in Cairo on Friday 
Caribbean Island Revelers Mourn Victims (AP) AP - Thousands of partygoers showed up for this sleepy island's annual New Year's Eve bash that is the talk of the Caribbean, swelling the population twentyfold. But this year the merriment came under the shadow of the Asian tsunami.
The Coming Week: Fed Focus The action should come fast and furious, with retail sales figures kicking off Monday morning and a Federal Reserve event grabbing traders #39; attention Tuesday.
Hitting The Jackpot NEW YORK - Las Vegas Sands #39; IPO is a good bet to open strongly and perform well in the aftermarket. It #39;s a profitable company in a solid sector, and it #39;s going public in a strong IPO market.
Dolphins WR Boston Suspended Four Games (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins wide receiver David Boston was suspended by the NFL for four games for testing positive for steroids, but he will not miss any games because he is out for the season with a knee injury.
Afghan President: Bin Laden Is Nearby (AP) AP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Sunday that Osama bin Laden is "definitely" in the region and eventually will be caught, even though American and Pakistani generals admit the trail is cold.
Explosion rocks Israel checkpoint A number of Israelis are hurt in a blast on the border between the Gaza strip and Egypt, Israeli officials say.
Green Wins Australian Masters; Randhawa Victory: Golf Roundup Richard Green, 33, won golf #39;s Australian Masters at the first extra hole in a three-way playoff with fellow Australians David McKenzie and Greg Chalmers.
FC Porto wins Toyota Cup European champion FC Porto won the Toyota Cup on Sunday, defeating Colombia #39;s Once Caldas 8-7 in a penalty-kick shootout in a game between the top club teams from Europe and South America.
USC #39;s Matt Leinart Wins College Football #39;s Heisman Trophy Matt Leinart of the University of Southern California won the Heisman Trophy last night, becoming the second Trojans quarterback in three seasons to capture college football #39;s most prestigious award.
Ten Israeli Casualties in Gaza -Military Sources A Palestinian bomb attack caused 10 casualties at an Israeli army post along the Gaza Strip-Egypt border on Sunday, military sources said.
18,000 troops begin winter offensive in Afghanistan against &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 18,000 US troops in Afghanistan have begun a new offensive to hunt Taliban and al-Qaida militants through the country #39;s harsh winter, aiming to sap their strength ahead of planned spring elections, the American military said Saturday.
Israel to release prisoners in gesture to Egypt and Palestinians The Israeli Cabinet agreed in principle on Sunday to release scores of Palestinian prisoners as a gesture to Egypt and Palestinian officials in the run 
Signatures with Russia after December 17 Agreements concerning significant issues, which were reached as a consensus between Ankara and Moscow during the historical visit of Russian President Vladimir Putin last week, will be left until after the December 17 Summit in order to avoid reactions.
Ten Israeli Casualties in Gaza -Military Sources  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A Palestinian bomb attack caused 10  casualties at an Israeli army post along the Gaza Strip-Egypt  border on Sunday, military sources said.
Abbas Apologizes to Kuwait for 1990 PLO Stand  KUWAIT (Reuters) - Mahmoud Abbas, on the first visit by a  top PLO official to Kuwait in 14 years, apologized to the Gulf  state for the Palestine Liberation Organization's failure to  condemn Iraq's 1990 invasion of its small neighbor.
Sprint, Nextel close to sealing merger Sprint Corp and Nextel Communications have tentatively agreed on key terms in a \$US35 billion (\$47billion) merger deal that would create a giant mobile phone carrier with nearly 39 million subscribers.
We let fans down - O #39;Leary David O #39;Leary believes his Aston Villa side let their supporters down in today #39;s 2-1 defeat at home to arch rivals Birmingham.
FC Porto defeats Once Caldas on penalties to win Toyota Cup Pedro Emanuel scored the winning goal Sunday as Portugal #39;s FC Porto defeated Colombian side Once Caldas 8-7 in a penalty shootout to win the final Toyota Cup.
Oil Supply Exceeding Demand After Cuts, Qatar Says (Update1) The supply of oil is still outstripping demand after OPEC, the producer of more than a third of the world #39;s output, begins to reduce production to prop up falling prices, the Qatari oil minister said.
Hyatt buys AmeriSuites chain for \$600 million Hyatt broadened its high-end hotel brand Thursday by purchasing the 143-hotel AmeriSuites chain for \$600 million. The acquisition from private equity investor Blackstone Group increases Hyatt #39;s existing 90,000 
Euro Slips, Yen Steady in Start to 2005  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The euro weakened half a percent  while the Japanese yen held its ground against the dollar as  trading in 2005 got off to a quiet start in Asia on Monday.
Coke, Rivals Betting on Flavored Water  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Since the 1990s, bottled water has  become a fixture in American health clubs, offices and sports  stadiums, emerging as one of the most popular and fast-growing  drinks on the market.
China tightens up TV ad rules China is to strengthen controls on TV advertising to avoid affronts to national dignity after a row over a Nike ad campaign.
OFT probes online grocers bills The Office of Fair Trading is investigating  UK supermarkets' online shops over alleged unfair pricing policies.
China #39;s high-tech hero Liu Chuanzhi,chairman of Lenovo, theChinese computer company, clearly recalls his early tentative dealings with International Business Machines, the mighty US technology group, in 1985.
Grizzlies Drop Pistons' Record to 10-10 (AP) AP - Pau Gasol scored 20 points and Shane Battier hit four free throws in the final 20 seconds to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 72-68 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night.
Rookie wins Dunhill in playoff Malelane - For the third successive year the Dunhill Championship had to be decided by a playoff, but for the first time, it went to a South African.
Bode Miller continues dominant run on ski circuit CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It was a sight skiing fans have become all too familiar with this season - Bode Miller standing on top of the medal podium.
Germans secure place in next Champions Trophy Lahore - Two second-half goals from Florian Keller helped Germany beat New Zealand 2-1 on Sunday at Pakistan #39;s National Stadium in the city of Lahore, guaranteeing its place in the men #39;s field-hockey Champions Trophy next year.
PA given Arafat #39;s medical records Yasir Arafat #39;s nephew has turned over his medical records to the Palestinian Authority, giving it a first glimpse of the file since the Palestinian leader #39;s death.
US denies Saddam on hunger strike The US military denies reports Saddam Hussein is on hunger strike, but says some former aides are refusing food.
Cowboys RB George Sits for First Time in Career (Reuters) Reuters - Dallas Cowboys running\back Eddie George was inactive for Sunday's game against New\Orleans as a healthy scratch and missed a game for the first\time in his NFL career.
Ukraine opposition leader urges investigation after poison report (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko said he was not yet ready to blame the ruling elite with trying to poison him after doctors confirmed he was disfigured by ingesting a massive dose of a deadly toxin.
NASA chief applies for job as chancellor of Louisiana State &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Houston Chronicle says Sean O #39;Keefe is poised to step down as NASA #39;s administrator, and that an announcement regarding his future could come as early as tomorrow.
Sony PSP goes on sale in Japan Having done all it can with the PS2, Sony has today launched the PSP to a waiting Japanese market. Roughly 1,300 impatient people waited their turn at an outlet of Yodobashi in Shinjuku district while the 
Geminid Meteor Showers Alarm Area Residents Bright flashes in the sky had residents in the Washington region calling 911 Saturday night for what was actually the annual Geminid Meteor Shower.
Barghouti to Drop Out of Palestinian Race (AP) AP - Imprisoned uprising leader Marwan Barghouti is dropping out the Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, associates said Sunday.
New Orleans vs. Dallas IRVING, Texas (Ticker) -- The Dallas Cowboys looked to be out of the playoff race before receiving a jolt from rookie running back Julius Jones.
Tyson Complaint Over Car Dropped in Ariz. Mike Tyson answers questions following his workout, July 1, 2004, at the Central Boxing Club, in Phoenix. The former heavyweight champion was arrested on suspicion of misdemeanor criminal damage for allegedly 
Sri Lankan driver held in Iraq says was treated well (Reuters) Reuters - A Sri Lankan truck driver held hostage by militants in Iraq for six weeks was reunited with his wife and three sons on Sunday, saying he had been beaten up at first but was then treated "very well".
India's Randhawa Wins Masters of Asia (AP) AP - India's Jyoti Randhawa won his first title of the year, capturing the Volvo Masters of Asia on Sunday by beating Australia's Terry Pilkadaris on the second playoff hole.
Israeli soldiers  quot;killed in Gaza blast quot; Palestinian militants have blown up explosives in a tunnel near an Israeli army post on the Gaza-Egypt border in a coordinated attack that Arabic Al Jazeera television says killed four soldiers.
Romanians vote for president outspoken Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu in a key vote for the Balkan country #39;s European Union accession path. mountain of reforms necessary for its planned 2007 EU entry.
Berlusconi ruling may extract poison from politics The decision by a Milan court to clear Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of a raft of corruption charges marks the end of a decade-long legal battle and perhaps the beginning of a more peaceful era for Italian politics.
New Congressmen, Brothers, Room Together (AP) AP - Colorado's newest congressmen didn't have to look far for roommates. Rep.-elect John Salazar and his younger brother, Sen.-elect Ken Salazar, have rented an apartment together on Massachusetts Avenue in Washington.
Blasts Near Gaza-Egypt Border, Several Casualties  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants blew up an Israeli  army post on the Gaza-Egypt border on Sunday and at least four  Israeli troops were reported killed in the deadliest attack  since Yasser Arafat died a month ago.
Arsenal hold Chelsea A gripping game between Arsenal and Chelsea ends with the honours finishing even at Highbury.
Week in review: Big Blue bids adieu to PCs IBM, the company that helped usher in the age of the personal computer nearly 25 years ago, stunned the tech world with the announcement that it would largely be bowing out of the business.
Schwartzel wins on home soil after play-off South Africa #39;s Charl Schwartzel birdied the first hole of a sudden-death playoff with England #39;s Neil Cheetham to win the 958,945 dollar Dunhill championship at Leopard Creek Country Club today.
Lampard closing in on Henry IT has been touted as the biggest game of the season so far when some of the Actim Index #39;s star performers lock horns as Arsenal host leaders Chelsea at Highbury tomorrow.
Lounge owner will pay for damage PHOENIX -- An Arizona man has dropped his complaint against former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson after being reimbursed \$1,400 for damage to his car.
US Troops, Iraqi Police Killed In Attacks 12 December 2004 -- Insurgents in Iraq conducted attacks across the country today, killing two US soldiers and an Iraqi policeman.
US denies Saddam on hunger strike The US military in Iraq has denied reports that the former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is on hunger strike. But a spokesman told the BBC that some of his former aides who are also in custody, including  quot;Chemical 
Insurance experiment a costly lesson for town Gardena near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A little over a decade ago, the small working-class city of Gardena was having trouble getting liability insurance, like a lot of other California towns, and it decided to take the kind of entrepreneurial leap municipalities were being encouraged to 
NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe to Depart Soon Sean O #39;Keefe will soon step down as NASA Administrator. The formal announcement is expected this coming week. Where O #39;Keefe will be heading and exactly when he will leave remain to be determined however he 
Chelsea still on course after Arsenal draw Chelsea have preserved their five-point lead over champions Arsenal after their pulsating London derby finished 2-2 at Highbury. Thierry Henry, who scored both the home side #39;s goals, took 
Kuwaitis Get Apology From Palestinians KUWAIT CITY Dec 12, 2004 - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas apologized to Kuwaitis on Sunday for the Palestinians #39; support of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait, making a gesture many here have long demanded as he 
Portugal #39;s Porto win World Club Cup on penalties Porto of Portugal outscored Once Caldas of Colombia 8-7 from penalty shootouts to win the World Club Cup in Yokohama, Japan on Sunday.
George inactive against Saints Eddie George missed the first game of his NFL career Sunday after playing in 140 straight, made inactive by the Dallas Cowboys not because of injury but because he wasn #39;t needed.
Chelsea maintain lead with Arsenal draw English Premiership leaders Chelsea stayed five points clear of reigning champions Arsenal following a 2-2 draw away to their London rivals at Highbury.
Manning Breaks Record for Multi-TD Games (AP) AP - Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning broke an NFL record with his 13th straight multi-touchdown passing game Sunday.
US Fed confidence in outlook grows US Federal Reserve officials are growing more confident about the economic outlook. The economy, which grew at a 3.9 per cent annualised rate in the third quarter and is expanding 
Chargers Go for Rare 10-Win Season (AP) AP - Although the resurgent San Diego Chargers can't clinch a playoff berth Sunday, they can continue to rehabilitate their image. Sad sacks just a year ago, the Chargers (9-3) have at least clinched a winning season. If they beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (5-7) at home, they'll have won 10 games for the first time since 1994, when they were 11-5 and made their only Super Bowl appearance.
German swoop on online piracy site nets thousands of user names (AFP) AFP - German police said they had exposed the names of thousands of users of illegal Internet piracy sites as part of a crackdown on swapping bootleg copies of movies, computer games, software and music.
NASA chief to resign Sources inside NASA told CNN Sunday that O #39;Keefe will accept an offer from Louisiana State University to be its chancellor. O #39;Keefe #39;s decision, the sources said, was made for personal and financial reasons 
Germany's Siemens mulling options for loss-making mobile phone unit (AFP) AFP - German electronics giant Siemens said it is considering options for its loss-making mobile phone unit but declined to comment on a report that China's Ningbo Bird is a potential buyer.
Six pupils injured by Israeli tank shell in Gaza school &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY (AFP) -- Eight Palestinian schoolboys and one of their teachers were wounded on Sunday after Israeli troops opened fire at their primary school in the southern Gaza Strip, Palestinian medical sources said.
NASA Chief O'Keefe to Resign (Reuters) Reuters - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe\plans to resign as head of the U.S. space agency, an official\familiar with the decision said on Sunday.
NASA Chief Applies for Job at LSU (AP) AP - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe has applied for a new job as chancellor of Louisiana State University's main campus after nearly four years leading the space agency through a tumultuous period marred by the Columbia shuttle disaster.
Barghouti 'pulls out of election' An aide says jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti has withdrawn from the presidential campaign.
Oil price  #39;will stabilise #39; CAIRO - Giant oil producer Opec expects prices to recover from the second-largest drop this year as members enforce their decision to lower output.
Chelsea draws with Arsenal; Birmingham City stuns Aston Villa Eidur Gudjohnsen #39;s equalizer 31 seconds into the second half gave league-leading Chelsea a 2-2 draw on Sunday at Arsenal, neutralizing two surprise goals by Gunners #39; striker Thierry Henry.
Barghouthi Pulls Out of Palestinian Election Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.
Klitschko visits hospital but no bones broken After returning from the hospital at around midnight, WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko met with the press to discuss his eighth-round knockout victory over Danny Williams Saturday night on HBO Pay-Per-View at Mandalay Bay Resort  amp; Casino, his 
Collins slapped with 8-year ban Sprinter, 33, faces end of her &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If Michelle Collins were a Major League Baseball player, she would have received a slap on the wrist for using banned performance-enhancing drugs.
Young gun Schwartzel wins the Alfred Dunhill as Els and others &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; South Africa #39;s 20-year-old Charl Schwartzel captured the Alfred Dunhill Championship on Sunday for his first European Tour title, recovering from a poor finish in regulation to win the first playoff hole against England #39;s 
Imprisoned uprising leader to drop out of race to replace Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank Associates of an imprisoned uprising leader say he #39;s dropping out of the race to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority.
Summary: Chile's Privatized Pension System (AP) AP - PRIVATE PENSIONS: Chile privatized its social security system more than 20 years ago, requiring a percentage of each paycheck to go into bank accounts that workers manage themselves. Now, about 7 million Chileans have such accounts.
Barghouthi Drops Out of Palestinian Election Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.
Gaza Militants Kill 4 Israelis, Barghouthi Withdraws  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants blew up an Israeli  army post on the Gaza-Egypt border on Sunday, killing at least  four Israeli troops in the deadliest attack since Yasser  Arafat's death a month ago kindled new hopes of peace.
Saddam Aides Refusing Food, U.S. Military Says  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Several of Saddam Hussein's jailed  deputies have been refusing food but Saddam himself is not on  hunger strike on the eve of the first anniversary of his  capture, an officer in charge of detainees said on Sunday.
US to Screen Sea Cargo from Dubai Port The United Arab Emirates has become the first Middle East country to join a US program aimed at protecting US-bound sea cargo from terrorists.
NASA Chief O #39;Keefe to Resign NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, whose tenure has been shadowed by the 2003 Columbia disaster, plans to resign as head of the US space agency, an official familiar with the decision said on Sunday.
Wolfsburg jumps to fourth by beating Bielefeld Wolfsburg crushed Arminia Bielefeld 5-0 and jumped to fourth place in Sunday #39;s final Bundesliga round before the winter break.
Saddam Aides Refusing Food, US Military Says Several of Saddam Hussein #39;s jailed deputies have been refusing food but Saddam himself is not on hunger strike on the eve of the first anniversary of his capture, an officer in charge of detainees said on Sunday.
AOL Creates Its Own Browsing Software (AP) AP - As part of its reincarnation, America Online Inc. is creating its own software for browsing the Web and playing movies and songs. It's a question of staying relevant in an increasingly broadband world.
Chelsea ties Arsenal in Premier League Eidur Gudjohnsen scored 31 seconds into the second half for league-leading Chelsea, helping offset two first-half goals by Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry.
Battle of titans ends in draw London, England (Sports Network) - Leaders Chelsea and defending champions Arsenal played to an intense 2-2 draw in a London derby Sunday at Highbury.
Romania Presidential Runoff Seen Too Close to Call Exit polls from Romania #39;s presidential run-off on Sunday showed the race between Social Democrat Prime Minister Adrian Nastase and opposition leader Traian Basescu was too close to call.
Textile limits imposed to ease trade concerns Textile concerns among China #39;s trading partners in the coming integration of global trade have made the nation determined to control its exports.
Sony debuts PSP game console in Japan Sony said it will make half the console #39;s components, compared with 40 percent for the PlayStation 2, to set itself apart from competitors.
Sunglasses-plus-MP3 player are anything but a bargain It seems like a cool idea -unglasses with a built-in digital music player and speakers. No headphone cables to untangle as with most portable players.
Grand Theft Auto will outperform the rest of the industry The body count is high in two new video games,  quot;Halo 2 quot; and  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. quot;. Those two hit games also are making casualties of their competition on the sales racks.
Williams rejects retirement In the world #39;s gambling capital, a city built on the back of so many broken dreams, Danny Williams #39;s mission to win the world heavyweight title ended in a painful, humiliating and bloody defeat at the Mandalay Bay Hotel where he was utterly outclassed by 
Celtic goes top with road win Dunfermline, Scotland (Sports Network) - Celtic re-gained its one point edge over rivals Rangers with a 2-0 win at East End Park Sunday.
A more cautious Miller wins another giant slalom Bode Miller put his go-for-broke style temporarily in check Sunday and won a World Cup giant slalom for the second time this season.
Filipinos killed in market bomb blast Manila: An explosion rocked a market packed with Christmas shoppers in the southern Philippines yesterday, killing at least 13 people and injuring 52, the military said.
Jailed Palestinian won #39;t run for leadership RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - A Palestinian serving five life sentences in an Israeli jail will drop out of the race to replace former leader Yasser Arafat, he indicated in a statement on Sunday.
Falcons Top Raiders, Win NFC South Title (AP) AP - T.J. Duckett set a team record by rushing for four touchdowns and the Atlanta Falcons clinched just the third division title in franchise history, wrapping up the NFC South with a 35-10 rout of the Oakland Raiders on Sunday.
1,000 Protesters Oppose Mubarak in Cairo (AP) AP - About 1,000 people gathered downtown Sunday, many with their mouths covered by yellow stickers reading "Enough," to protest the possibility that President Hosni Mubarak might run for a fifth term or that his son, Gamal, might succeed him.
Heat Top Raptors; Shaq, Wade Each Net 20 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal had 20 points and Dwyane Wade added 20 points, nine rebounds and six assists as the Miami Heat won their fourth straight, 106-98 over the struggling Toronto Raptors on Sunday.
Bomb scare at Madrid stadium Spectators are evacuated from Real Madrid's Bernabeu stadium following a bomb scare.
Cancer? Suicide? Politics? That's Hilarious! As much as ever, George Carlin builds his humor around the taboo  his current routine includes long riffs on cancer, natural disasters and teenage suicide and yet somehow manages to get laughs.
Yushchenko Poisoning Investigation Resumes The Ukrainian prosecutor general's office has re-opened a criminal investigation into the disfiguring illness that struck presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko. The decision followed the announcement by Austrian doctors Saturday that Yushchenko was poisoned by the toxic substance dioxin.
Chile's Pension System Gets High Marks Instead of paying social security taxes and wondering whether the government will ever deliver promised retirement benefits, Chilean workers bankroll their own retirements and manage their nest eggs.
Bomb threat clears Madrid stadium MADRID, Spain -- A bomb threat forced authorities to evacuate about 75,000 spectators from Madrid #39;s Bernabeu stadium during a match between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad.
Disappointed Mourinho Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was disappointed with the 2-2 draw against Arsenal, despite seeing his side twice come from behind.  quot;If youd told me before it would be a draw, I would have said its not a bad result, quot; said Mourinho.
US denies Saddam #39;s on hunger strike Former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein is not on hunger strike though a number of his jailed deputies are refusing food, according to an officer in charge of the detainees.
Wizards Pound Hornets Washington forces a sloppy New Orleans team into 33 turnovers and claims an easy 88-69 victory Sunday at MCI Center.
Tricks Alleged in Ex-Kmart Execs' Case (AP) AP - Another accounting sleight of hand has been exposed in the latest charges against former executives of Kmart Corp.: the allegedly premature booking of millions in promotional payments to the retailer from chips and soda suppliers.
Weekend Holiday Shopping Appears Mixed NEW YORK Dec 12, 2004 - With less than two weeks of shopping left until Christmas, the nation #39;s malls and stores stepped up discounts over the weekend, but business appeared to be mixed, according to analysts.
Sony #39;s PSP Hits the Streets Long lines form in Japan where shoppers finally get their hands on the portable gaming device. Sony Computer Entertainment #39;s long-awaited PSP (PlayStation Portable) went on sale in Japan Sunday to long lines 
Boeing Scrubs Planned Heavy-Lift Rocket Launch Boeing Co. scrubbed a planned launch of a Delta IV heavy-lift rocket on Sunday as engineers sought to determine what caused a temperature control system to malfunction after an aborted launch on Saturday.
IBM launches virtualization assault on EMC IBM on Friday took aim at its primary competitor, EMC, by announcing storage virtualization software that allows EMC users to utilize storage systems from EMC, Hitachi, or IBM.
Longhorn Server to have one version for many roles Microsoft will let customers configure the next major release of Windows Server for specific server tasks, rather than selling a host of different Windows Server Longhorn editions tailored to those tasks.
NFL Game Summary - Cincinnati at New England Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - Tom Brady went 18-of-26 for 260 yards with two touchdowns to lead New England to a 35-28 win over Cincinnati at Gillette Stadium.
Dunfermline v Celtic Celtic sent out a chilling winter message to rivals Rangers by responding to their European failure with one of their best performances of the season to return to the top of the Bank of Scotland Premier League table with a comfortable 2-0 win at East End 
US Denies Saddam on Hunger Strike The US military is denying a report that Saddam Hussein has begun a jailhouse hunger strike, and says the ousted Iraqi leader had eaten on Sunday.
Hamas #39; choice: Learn from Sharon #39;s politics or face the political &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the Palestinians alike are struggling with issues of political life and the forming of functioning governments, it is the former who may offer a lead to elements of the latter.
Four die in bombing of Israeli checkpoint At least four Israeli soldiers were killed and eight wounded on Sunday in a Palestinian bomb attack on an Israeli checkpoint at the Rafah border terminal on the southern Gaza Strip border with Egypt.
KGB legacy of poison politics Doctors confirm that dioxin poisoned Ukraine's opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko.
US pushes for more economic reform in Mideast This week the US and Egypt plan to sign a trade agreement worth \$500 million annually.
Spanish leader makes bid to reshape the war on terror Prime Minister Zapatero testifies Monday before the commission examining the March 11 terror attacks.
When saving the world with song, mind the lyrics Critics have raised an eyebrow at the revival of the fundraising anthem, citing its outdated, insensitive lyrics.
NASA Chief Said to Be Top Contender for L.S.U. Job Sean O'Keefe has sought and become the top contender for a high-level job at Louisiana State University, according to NASA and university officials.
Airborne Cell-Phone Ban Likely to Remain for Now Hopes -- and worries -- that US regulators will soon end the ban on using wireless phones during US commercial flights are likely at least a year or two early, government officials and analysts say.
Colts 23, Texans 14 Peyton Manning broke one of Dan Marino #39;s touchdown records, just not the one everybody has been talking about. But Manning got the only things that really matter to him -- an Indianapolis win and a playoff berth.
Finding a Power Stroke When Most Hitters Start to Fade One question that arises whenever a player is linked to steroids is, "What would he have done without them?" Baseball history whispers an answer.
Terps Burn Bulldogs Maryland shoots a season-high 55 percent from the field and John Gilchrist drops in 22 points as the Terps dominate UNC-Asheville, 96-72, on Sunday afternoon.
Stanford Hires Harris Pittsburgh head coach Walt Harris will go from the Fiesta Bowl to Stanford after accepting their head coaching position on Sunday.
Christmas Shoppers Flock to Stores Shoppers flocked to Britains stores for the busiest weekend so far this Christmas, retailers said. Early indications show pre-season sales bucked takings at the tills compared to the same time last year.
Probe Into Yushchenko Poisoning Reopens (AP) AP - Ukrainian prosecutors reopened their investigation into allegations Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned after doctors treating the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin, as Yushchenko returned home Sunday to campaign for this month's presidential runoff vote.
Meteor shower coming up Monday morning SARATOGA SPRINGS -- Most people have a hard enough time getting out of bed on Monday morning, let alone before dawn in the middle of December.
Real game halted after bomb threat Real Madrid #39;s Primera Liga match against Real Sociedad was abandoned on Sunday after police received a warning that a bomb would explode at the stadium.
US denies Saddam on hunger strike BAGHDAD (AFP) - The US military in Iraq denied that ousted president Saddam Hussein , captured a year ago and awaiting trial for crimes against humanity, was on hunger strike in his secret American detention centre.
Premier faces Bucharest mayor in Romania Romanians returned to the polls Sunday for a presidential runoff between their leftist prime minister, formerly a member of the communist elite, and the capital #39;s Western-leaning mayor.
Barghouti withdraws from race replace Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank - Marwan Barghouti, the imprisoned leader of the Palestinian uprising, is dropping out the Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, his campaign manager said Sunday.
Yushchenko, Back Home, Says Authorities Poisoned Him  KIEV (Reuters) - Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko said  on Sunday he was certain Ukraine's authorities had poisoned him  with dioxin and hoped prosecutors would establish the truth  after this month's re-run of a rigged presidential election.
Romania Presidential Race Too Close to Call  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian Prime Minister Adrian  Nastase and centrist opposition leader Traian Basescu emerged  neck-and-neck from the second round of presidential elections  on Sunday, exit polls showed.
Knicks Down Nuggets New York gets 57 combined points from its starting backcourt of Jamal Crawford and Stephon Marbury and tops Denver, 107-96.
Barghouti Drops Out of Palestinian Election Associates of Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti, who is serving five life sentences on terrorism charges in an Israeli jail, said Sunday that he is withdrawing from the Jan. 9 election for president of the Palestinian Authority.
Colombians Still Thirsty for Brewpubs The two brewpubs were brimming with Saturday night drinkers when rebels tossed hand grenades, killing one person and wounding 72.
Sony PSP Provides Stylish Curves and Sharp Screen There #39;s no denying that the PSP is a slickly designed gadget with a certain fashionable cachet. The images are breathtaking. Not that there #39;s anything new here in terms of graphics, but seeing 
NASA Administrator Applies for Louisiana State Job, School Says NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, who led the US space agency #39;s reorganization after the space shuttle Columbia disaster, applied to be chancellor of Louisiana State University #39;s main campus in Baton Rouge, a school spokesman said.
Vincent Takes Center Stage Bills defensive back Troy Vincent returns to the lineup and stars, recording an interception, a sack and a fumble recover as Buffalo beats up on Cleveland, 37-7, on Sunday.
Rating the relevance of the US Federal Reserve THE TIMES is running a fortnightly series of economic briefings alongside Target Two Point Zero, the competition for sixth-formers run in conjunction with the Bank of England.
Jyoti burns brightest at the end NEW DELHI: The steel in Jyoti Randhawa came to the fore once again as the Indian golf star clinched the \$5,50,000 Volvo Masters of Asia title at the Kota Permai Golf and Country Club in Kuala Lumpur on Sunday.
Philippine actor-presidential candidate Poe in coma MANILA - Movie star Fernando Poe, Jr, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo #39;s main challenger in the May presidential election, is in a coma after suffering a stroke, an opposition congressman said Sunday.
Almost half a million homeless in Britain: NGOs (AFP) AFP - Britain has almost half a million homeless people, two non-governmental organisations said, describing the official number of 100,000 given by the government as the tip of the iceberg.
Honeywell to Buy UK's Novar for \$1.5 Bln  LONDON (Reuters) - Diversified U.S. manufacturer Honeywell  has agreed to buy Novar Plc, a British industrial holding  company, for 798 million pounds (\$1.53 billion), a source  familiar with the situation said on Sunday.
Ugandan rebels kill seven in raid Fighters of the Lord's Resistance Army hack seven villagers to death in southern Sudan despite a truce.
Business hopes Bush will forgo tax reform By Andrew Balls, James Harding and Christopher Swann in Washington. US business has little appetite for fundamental tax reform, seeing deficit reduction and government entitlement programmes as priorities for President George W Bush #39;s second-term agenda.
Sony PlayStation Portable is out Sonys PlayStation console has been so popular that it feels strange that PSP is their first attempt at the handheld gaming market.
Walt Disney behind Blu-ray DVDs BURBANK, CALIF: The Walt Disney Co. will back the high-definition Blu-ray disc developed by Sony over a competing HD DVD format, setting in place a high-stakes battle between Hollywoods leading studios with only one format likely to survive.
Richard Green grabs first gold jacket Left-hander Richard Green has sunk a four-foot putt on the opening playoff hole to capture his first gold jacket and the \$225,000 first prize in a dramatic 2004 Mastercard Masters at Huntingdale.
Nastase and Basescu in close finish in Romanian presidential vote BUCHAREST (AFP) - Romania #39;s presidential election ended in suspense as exit polls disagreed on whether Prime Minister Adrian Nastase had won narrowly or tied with his centre-right rival Traian Basescu.
No. 14 Vanderbilt Tops Saint Louis, 94-51 (AP) AP - Ashley Earley scored 20 points and Carla Thomas added 19 to lead No. 14 Vanderbilt to a 94-51 victory over Saint Louis on Sunday.
Novar keen to accept 800m bid from Honeywell NOVAR, the UK conglomerate, is recommending that its shareholders accept an 800 million cash bid from Honeywell International, the aerospace to transport multinational.
Nothing dull about McKenzie Trevor Grant THE tension was palpable in the hot, steamy air at Huntingdale, even before the tournament contenders had strapped on their spikes yesterday.
Jailed Palestinian Leader Drops Out of Race to Replace Arafat Marwan Barghouti's withdrawal leaves Mahmoud Abbas without a serious challenger in the Jan. 9 vote to choose the head of the Palestinian Authority.
Iverson Carries Sixers Allen Iverson scores a season-high 40 points and Marc Jackson chips in with 28 to lead the Sixers past the Bucks, 107-101, on Sunday.
Threat Clears Stadium A bomb threat forces the evacuation of a Madrid soccer stadium on Sunday night during a game between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad.
Sony's PSP Hits the Streets Long lines form in Japan where shoppers finally get their hands on the portable gaming device.
We Test Drive Sony's PSP The portable gaming device is finally available, and looks to be worth the wait.
Report: Honeywell Poised to Bid for Novar Honeywell International of the United States is to make a US\$1.5 billion (euro1.14 billion) takeover bid for Novar PLC, the Financial Times reported Sunday.
Stolen away by Grand Theft Auto #39; Jake Stephens, a senior in my AP English class at TC Williams High School in Alexandria, Va., is hooked.  quot;The narrative is so exciting you lose all track of time, quot; he said to me last week.
Wild monkeys seen using tools, researchers report Wild South American monkeys routinely use fist-sized rocks to crack open seeds and to dig in dry Brazilian soil for grubs and edible tubers, researchers report in the journal Science.
Soccer stars caught in bomb hoax MORE than 70,000 fans were forced to evacuate Real Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu stadium after a bomb scare today. It came in the name of ETA Basque separatist guerrillas and forced the game with Real Sociedad to be abandoned three minutes from time.
All square after love and war HANG ON A MINUTE, WASNT this supposed to be a derby match, packed with grunts, grimaces, full of ugly, clumsy and petulant tackles and a general lack of oxygen available for the players to feed to their brains?
Mellberg made to eat his words IT IS A TRUTH UNIVERSALLY acknowledged that Jane Austen was probably not an Aston Villa fan, but she summed up the angst of the clubs supporters when she wrote: One has no great hopes from Birmingham.
Pilkadaris loses Asian Masters play-off Australian golfer Terry Pilkadaris has finished runner-up in the Masters of Asia tournament in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur.
Two Candidates Claim Romanian Presidency Both candidates claimed victory in the Romanian presidential runoff vote Sunday, and exit polls showed Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu and Prime Minister Adrian Nastase in a virtual tie.
First Popularly-Elected Afghan President Urges Iraqis to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Less than a week after he was formally inaugurated as Afghanistan #39;s first popularly-elected president, Hamid offered words of advice for the people of Iraq, who are preparing to go to the polls next month.
Steelers Extend Win Streak to 11 Games (AP) AP - On the day Jerome Bettis and Curtis Martin went over 13,000 yards rushing, Bettis will be remembered most for, of all things, his passing.
Spanish Leader Faces Grilling on Train Bombings (Reuters) Reuters - Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero will become\the first Spanish prime minister to be questioned by a\parliamentary commission on Monday when he gives his version of\events surrounding the Madrid train bombings.
Rights Activists Denounce Putin's Reforms (AP) AP - Hundreds of Kremlin critics gathered Sunday on Constitution Day to denounce what they call a retreat from democracy as President Vladimir Putin signed a bill scrapping gubernatorial elections.
Hartson shows worth to Celtic The scene outside East End Park prior to yesterday #39;s encounter encapsulated Celtic #39;s current situation. Featured prominently on the myriad of Celtic souvenir stalls was an assortment of Henrik Larsson merchandise.
Chelsea Ties Arsenal, 2-2 (AP) AP - Chelsea tied Arsenal 2-2 Sunday in a riveting meeting between two Premier League powerhouses.
Can video games really be blamed for violence? Alex Dobin can take down a terrorist at 1,000 yards, rip up enemy ground forces with RPGs, and maneuver tanks, helicopters and jets bristling with America #39;s deadliest weapons.
Bettis Leads Steelers to Victory Jerome Bettis flipped a 10-yard touchdown pass to Jerame Tuman after surpassing the 13,000-yard barrier early in the fourth quarter.
Novar close to 800m cash deal with US giant Novar, the UK building supplies group, is today expected to announce that it has agreed to be acquired by the US industrial giant Honeywell in a cash deal worth more than 800m.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher, Exporters Gain Japan #39;s Nikkei share average opened 0.63 percent higher on Monday after a fall in the yen helped some exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
Mobile Games Get Fancier, More Social (AP) AP - Who says "Solitaire" must be a lonely endeavor? Games tailored for cell phones are increasingly adding community-oriented elements, such as tournaments for top scores, head-to-head combat or chatting with other players.
Web Store Scores With One-Item-Only Sales (AP) AP - Woot.com takes an unusual approach in the crowded field of Internet retailing. It sells just one item each weekday, starting at midnight local time in suburban Dallas, where the company is based, until it sells out.
Toshiba signals DVD format war Sony, the Japanese electronics and entertainment group, has approached arch-rival Toshiba in an attempt to prevent a damaging format war over their next-generation DVDs.
Firefox surpasses 10 million download mark com December 12, 2004, 2:25 PM PT. Firefox, the open-source challenger to Web browsing heavyweight Microsoft Internet Explorer, has surpassed 10 million downloads in a little more 
Romania Anxiously Awaits Presidential Run-Off Count (Reuters) Reuters - Romanians anxiously awaited an\official count on Monday to reveal who will be their next\president after exit polls from Sunday's run-off vote put Prime\Minister Adrian Nastase and centrist opposition leader Traian\Basescu neck-and-neck.
Chelsea Ties Arsenal, 2-2 Chelsea #39;s Eidur Gudjohnsen celebrates after scoring during the Premiership game between Arsenal and Chelsea FC, London, Sunday Dec. 12, 2004.
Palmer hobbling FOXBORO, Mass. Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer was on crutches after Sunday #39;s 35-to-28 loss to the New England Patriots.
Tokyo Stocks Higher; Dollar Up Vs. Yen (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened higher Monday as investors welcomed the U.S. dollar's strength against the Japanese yen.
Run-off vote produces two Romanian presidents The Romanian presidential election was too close to call last night as both candidates declared themselves the victor after a run-off ballot produced a statistical dead heat.
No. 8 N.C. Tops Loyola of Chicago, 109-60 (AP) AP - Jawad Williams scored 17 points and was one of six North Carolina players in double figures Sunday as the eighth-ranked Tar Heels beat Loyola of Chicago 109-60.
Thieves Targeting Gardens With Rare Plant (AP) AP - The thieves struck at night and knew just what they were after. In minutes, they ripped two plants from the lavish landscaping at a home in this Los Angeles suburb, then fled when the homeowner woke up and turned on a porch light. Total haul:  #36;3,500.
802.16: Medium distance wireless networking that could change the world? The (sort of) new IEEE 802.16 Metropolitan Area Network standard (MAN) promises to break the cable modem/DSL monopoly on the "last mile" of Internet connectivity to peoples' homes.    With ranges up to 30 miles and speeds up to 70 mbps it seems like a pancea.    While I suspect the actual usable speeds and distances will be considerably less, my real question is where is it?  This standard has been in the works for years.
Airborne Cell-Phone Ban Likely to Remain for Now  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hopes -- and worries -- that U.S.  regulators will soon end the ban on using wireless phones  during U.S. commercial flights are likely at least a year or  two early, government officials and analysts say.
Sony PSP Draws Crowds and Lines on First Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - Game fans stood in lines through a chilly  Tokyo night to be among the first in the world to get their  hands on Sony Corp.'s PlayStation Portable, the consumer  electronics firm's first handheld game machine.
PluggedIn: Digital Cameras All the Rage This Christmas  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When families and friends get  together for the holidays this year, many more of them will use  a digital camera to record those memories.
Bush Pays Tribute to U.S. Troops Abroad (AP) AP - Christmas trees decorated with red bows, gold ornaments and white lights lined the hall at the National Building Museum for a holiday pageant attended Sunday by President Bush and his wife, Laura.
Blue Jays, Devil Rays Swap Two Players (AP) AP - The Toronto Blue Jays acquired right-hander Chad Gaudin from the Tampa Bay Devil Rays for catcher Kevin Cash in the first transaction completed Sunday at the winter meetings.
Indiana Wins 2nd Men's College Cup Title (AP) AP - Jay Nolly saved two penalty kicks and Indiana won its second straight NCAA Men's College Cup title Sunday, beating UC Santa Barbara in a penalty kick shootout.
Tokyo Stocks Firmer, Exporters Gain (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei share average was up 0.64\percent in mid-morning trade on Monday after a fall in the yen\helped some exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
Tatupu Takes Long Way to Stardom at USC (AP) AP - Linebacker Lofa Tatupu believed in his ability to play big-time football when few others did.
US Gives OK to China Furniture Duties A US trade panel on Friday approved anti-dumping duties of up to 198 percent on \$1.2 billion worth of wooden bedroom furniture from China.
Chargers Top Buccaneers, Win 7th Straight (AP) AP - Donnie Edwards intercepted Brian Griese's pass and returned it 30 yards for the go-ahead touchdown with 4:09 left and the Chargers beat Tampa Bay 31-24 on Sunday, their seventh straight victory.
Packers Edge Lions, 16-13 (AP) AP - The Green Bay Packers only led for two seconds Sunday, and that was enough to keep their stranglehold over the Detroit Lions, who haven't won in Wisconsin since 1991.
Dear Marwan: Don #39;t do it It has been a very long time since we had an opportunity to talk, and I wish that I could meet you and see you face to face, as I would like to tell you some things on very personal level.
Abbas Set to Win Palestinian Vote  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Moderate Palestinian leader  Mahmoud Abbas's chances of winning a presidential election to  replace Yasser Arafat appeared to be sealed after his main  rival Marwan Barghouthi pulled out of the race.
Spanish Leader Faces Grilling on Train Bombings  MADRID (Reuters) - Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero will become  the first Spanish prime minister to be questioned by a  parliamentary commission on Monday when he gives his version of  events surrounding the Madrid train bombings.
Real Madrid Stadium Evacuated in ETA Bomb Threat  MADRID (Reuters) - Some 70,000 people were forced to  evacuate Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu stadium minutes before  the end of a league match on Sunday after a bomb threat in the  name of ETA Basque separatist guerrillas.
Warriors' Fisher Goes on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - Golden State placed guard Derek Fisher on injured reserve with a sprained right knee before Sunday night's game against the Charlotte Bobcats.
NFL Wrap: Manning Near Record as Colts Beat Texans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning continued to close in  on the NFL record for single season touchdown passes on Sunday,  firing two TD strikes as the Indianapolis Colts eased past the  Houston Texans 23-14 to clinch the division title.
College Basketball Wrap: Washington Beats Loyola-Marymount  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Nate Robinson scored a  game-high 28 points to lead 16th-ranked Washington to a 100-93  win over Loyola-Marymount at Gersten Pavilion.
Bengals' Palmer Hurt in Loss to New England  FOXBORO, Mass., (Sports Network) - Cincinnati Bengals  quarterback Carson Palmer left Sunday's 35-28 loss against New  England in the third quarter due to a left knee sprain.
Devil Rays Acquire Catcher Cash from Blue Jays  ANAHEIM, Calif., (Sports Network) - The Tampa Bay Devil  Rays acquired catcher Kevin Cash from the Toronto Blue Jays on  Sunday in exchange for right-handed pitcher Chad Gaudin.
ABARE tips record commodity exports The value of Australia #39;s commodity exports is expected to hit \$95 billion this financial year, with minerals and energy expected to drive the improvement.
Philippine Police Hunt Bombers After Market Blast (Reuters) Reuters - Philippine police were searching for\clues on Monday on who was responsible for a bomb blast in a\market packed with shoppers that killed 14 people and wounded\65.
Probe Into Yushchenko Poisoning Reopens (AP) AP - Ukrainian prosecutors Sunday reopened their investigation into allegations Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned after doctors treating the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin.
Samsung develops first graphic memory chip South Koreas Samsung Electronics has developed the worlds fastest computer memory chip for graphics applications. Samsung said the 512-megabit graphics double-data-rate (GDDR) memory chip is the most 
U.S. Strikes Fallujah; Two Troops Killed (AP) AP - American warplanes pounded Fallujah with missiles Sunday as insurgents fought running battles with coalition forces in the volatile western Iraqi city. The U.S. military said two troops died in separate incidents.
Robinson Reflects on Washington Memories (AP) AP - Frank Robinson is no stranger to Washington D.C., and his memories of the town are both pleasant and forgettable.
Becks bomb scare DAVID BECKHAM was last night caught in a terrifying bomb scare at Real Madrids Bernabeu Stadium. England skipper Becks and his team-mates fled from the pitch three minutes before the end of their La Liga clash against Real Sociedad.
Alaska Oil Spill Crews Seize on Calmer Weather (Reuters) Reuters - About 150 people were ready\to begin cleaning up an oil spill threatening endangered\animals on Sunday, four days after a ship broke apart and six\people died in a helicopter rescue attempt.
Philippine Police Hunt Bombers After Market Blast  MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine police were searching for  clues on Monday on who was responsible for a bomb blast in a  market packed with shoppers that killed 14 people and wounded  65.
Redskins Trail, 17-14 The Redskins get off to a fast start -- scoring 46 seconds into the game -- but now trail the Eagles, 17-14, in the fourth quarter at FedEx Field.
Falcons Top Raiders, Win NFC South Title T.J. Duckett set a team record by rushing for four touchdowns and the Atlanta Falcons clinched just the third division title in franchise history, wrapping up the NFC South with a 35-10 rout of the Oakland Raiders on Sunday.
Iron Ore Prices To Lift 19 For Australian Miners - Abare SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Continued strong steelmaking demand from China is expected to drive an 18.6 lift in iron ore prices for Australian producers into 2005, the government #39;s Australian Bureau of Agricultural  amp; Resource Economics said Monday.
Crisis warning from Bank as lenders add to risky investments UK banks have built up a number of risky investment positions that could trigger a financial crisis if a shock caused a sudden rush to sell up, the Bank of England warned yesterday.
Cingular Sells 33 of Indian Cell Venture Cingular Wireless, the largest United States cellphone service provider, has agreed to sell its 33 percent stake in Idea Cellular of India for about \$200 million to a Malaysian joint venture.
US gears up for another increase in interest rates Washington - Casting aside fears about weak job creation and tepid holiday sales, the US appeared set to raise interest rates tomorrow for the fifth consecutive time.
Sony #39;s PSP Console Sells Out in Tokyo After Debut (Update1) Sony Corp. #39;s new PSP portable game console sold out at Tokyo electronic retailers such as Yodobashi Camera Co. and Bic Camera Co.
NASA Chief Is Resigning After 3 Years, Officials Say Sean O #39;Keefe, the NASA administrator who guided the agency through sweeping changes after the Columbia shuttle accident, will resign and pursue a job as chancellor 
Tiger turns in best round this year Tiger Woods turned in his most complete round of a difficult year, missing only two fairways and one green in closing with a 5-under-par 66 for a two-shot victory over Ireland #39;s Padraig Harrington in the Target World 
Bomb Threat in Madrid The Real Madrid soccer stadium was evacuated during a match on Sunday night after a bomb threat was delivered through the Basque newspaper Gara, which is often used 
Henry happy as Gunners, Blues draw LONDON (AFP) - Arsenal striker Thierry Henry was happy enough with a 2-2 draw against Chelsea here at Highbury yesterday despite twice putting the champions ahead only to see the Premiership leaders draw level each time.
Sutton and Petrov lift Celtic back to top CELTIC returned to the top of the SPL yesterday with a convincing victory that was neither a hangover nor a backlash from their European exit in midweek.
Tiger Pounces to Win Tiger Woods finishes a disappointing 2004 season with his second straight championship, closing with a 5-under 66 to win the Target World Challenge.
Al-Anbar Attacks Kill Seven US Marines, US Military Says Attacks in Iraq #39;s al-Anbar province killed seven US Marines yesterday, the US military command said in an e-mailed statement. The soldiers died in two separate incidents while carrying 
US officials deny that Saddam is on hunger strike AMMAN/BAGHDAD - A year after former Iraqi strongman Saddam Hussein was taken captive, US officials Sunday denied that the deposed leader was on a hunger strike and said he was in best of health.
IU Claims Soccer Title Indiana defends its NCAA men's soccer title by edging UC Santa Barbara in penalty kicks on Sunday.
O #39;Keefe Reported Ready to Quit NASA NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, who has led the US space program through one of its worst tragedies and into one of its most ambitious endeavors, will likely resign this week to take a \$500,000 
Icahn Accuses a Hedge Fund of Stock Manipulation A suit against a large hedge fund filed by Carl C. Icahn, the billionaire financier, could shine a bright light on the largely unregulated hedge fund industry.
Getting a Piece of a DVD Windfall The unexpected windfall from DVD sales have become the wild card in Hollywoods negotiations with the Screen Actors Guild.
Miramax Sues Ex-Chief in Italy, Saying He Had 2 Jobs Miramax Films is seeking compensation from the former head of its Italian unit, claiming that the executive, a friend of the companys co-chairman, also held another job.
Dollar Dips as Market Tests Recovery (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar slipped on Monday as market\players hesitated to push the currency much higher before\upcoming U.S. trade data and a Federal Reserve meeting.
OPEC Head Sees Oil Demand Dropping (Reuters) Reuters - Demand for oil will decline by 1\million barrels per day (bpd) in the second quarter of 2005,\the head of the OPEC producers' cartel said on Monday.
Romanian presidential election too close to call BUCHAREST - The presidential election in Romania is too close to call. Both candidates are claiming victory after exit polls showed a virtual dead heat.
Celtic beat Dunfermline 2-0 Celtic regained the top spot in the Scottish Premier League after a 2-0 victory away to Dunfermline. The result leaves Celtic top-of-the-table with 44 points from 18 games, a single point clear of arch-rivals Glasgow Rangers.
Duke's Krzyzewski Earns 700th Career Win (AP) AP - On a court that bears his moniker, Mike Krzyzewski became the sixth active coach to reach 700 career victories, watching as Shelden Williams finished with 18 points and 15 rebounds to help No. 9 Duke beat Toledo 82-54 on Sunday night.
Inflation and growth on target, but deficit a problem for Turkey's economy (AFP) AFP - Turkey has its endemic inflation under control and its growth rate is impressive, but experts say it must deal with a huge public deficit and knock its labyrinthine bureaucracy into shape if it gets the go-ahead Friday to start membership talks with the European Union.
7 Marines Killed in Iraq's Anbar Province (AP) AP - Seven U.S. Marines were killed in two separate incidents in Iraq's restive Anbar province, the military said Monday, a day after American warplanes pounded Fallujah with missiles as insurgents battled coalition forces in the city.
Bryant Accuses Malone of Hitting on Wife (AP) AP - The Kobe Bryant-Karl Malone feud has turned personal, with Bryant accusing Malone of making a pass at his wife at a game.
Motorola Gets China Unicom Contract (Reuters) Reuters - Wireless technology company\Motorola Inc.  said on Sunday it had been selected by\China United Telecommunications Corp. (China Unicom) for a\project that will expand the telephone services company's\networks in 11 provinces.
Canucks' Bertuzzi Plays in Charity Game (AP) AP - Vancouver Canucks forward Todd Bertuzzi returned to the ice Sunday for the first time since being suspended for attacking Colorado's Steve Moore, playing in a charity game that included more than 30 locked out NHL players.
Prime Minister Martin cool to idea of national referendum on gay marriage (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin was cool Sunday to the idea of a national referendum on same-sex marriage and said handling the controversial issue should be left to Parliament.
Kerry Lawyer Seeks Ohio Ballot Inspection (AP) AP - Democrat John Kerry is asking county elections officials to allow his witnesses to inspect the 92,000 ballots cast in Ohio in which no vote for president was recorded, a Kerry lawyer said Sunday night.
Democrat Groups Raise More 'Soft Money' (AP) AP - Whatever the reasons John Kerry and the Democrats lost the race for the White House, lack of money wasn't one.
Defeat Throws Doubts Into Outlook of Jets With the victory, the Steelers clinched the A.F.C. North title and maintained their hold on the conference's top playoff seeding.
Ultimate Salesman, Pitching the Biggest Stars in Baseball Scott Boras, the most successful agent in baseball history, tells players what they are worth, tells teams the same and waits for the financial outcome to satisfy him.
For Minaya, Lots of Wheeling, Not Much Dealing Omar Minaya, the Mets' general manager, is prepared to leave the winter meetings without making a deal, with Carlos Delgado and Richie Sexson seemingly slipping away.
Firsthand Experience Not Ideal for Quarterback The Giants might as well let Eli Manning start again next Saturday because they are not going anywhere anyway.
Political blow for Brazil's Lula Brazil's President Luiz Inacio da Silva is weakened as two parties withdraw from his governing coalition.
Cricket: India win in Dhaka India claim the last two Bangladesh wickets to seal an innings win in the first Test.
Migraines 'double' risk of stroke People who have migraines are at twice as likely to have a stroke as people who do not, researchers estimate.
Pentagon Weighs Use of Deception in a Broad Arena The Pentagon is engaged in bitter debate over how far it should go in managing information to influence opinion abroad.
Christian Conservatives Press Issues in Statehouses Energized by electoral wins, conservative Christians are pushing ahead state and local initiatives on controversial issues.
Strain Is Seen in Giuliani Ties With President The collapse of Bernard Kerik's nomination has strained a relationship that has long been more complicated than mere friendship.
For North Korea, Openness Proves a Two-Way Street Before his defection 11 months ago, Kim, a 35-year-old with round-rimmed glasses and a self-assured air, enjoyed the relatively blessed life of the North Korean elite. The son of a ranking military officer in a nation where millions died of starvation during the 1990s, Kim owned a television, a refrigerator and larders brimming with savory white rice.
Brazil's Biggest Party Votes to Leave Government &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Tiago Pariz&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's biggest party votedto leave the governing coalition on Sunday in a move that couldcomplicate President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva's reform agendaand pressure him to give the centrist party extra governmentposts.&lt;/p&gt;
World Bank Chief Likely to Leave in 2005 (AP) AP - James Wolfensohn said Sunday he anticipates bowing out in 2005 as World Bank president and not serving a third five-year term, but would do whatever shareholders ask of him.
Canada Confirms Second Mad Cow Case  WINNIPEG, Manitoba (Reuters) - A final laboratory test has  confirmed an Alberta dairy cow had mad cow disease, the second  case Canada has found in its herd, the Canadian Food Inspection  Agency said on Sunday.
Chinese TV Maker Sets Sights on Europe Urged on by China's government and armed with credit from state-owned banks and stock market listings, many Chinese manufacturers are going global.
Mind Over Matter Neuroscientists and biomedical engineers have become increasingly adept at making devices that translate people's thoughts into actions -- a potential boon for paralyzed patients.
Nedved #39;s late strike keeps Juve four points clear ROME (AFP) - Pavel Nedved scored with a superb free-kick four minutes from time to give Juventus a precious 1-0 win at Bologna. A slender victory enabled the 27-time champions to restore their four-point lead 
Abbas Set to Win Palestinian Vote, Barghouthi Drops Out Moderate Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas #39;s chances of winning a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat appeared to be sealed after his main rival Marwan Barghouthi pulled out of the race.
Romanian exit polls predict dead heat EXIT polls from Romanias presidential run-off yesterday showed the race between the Social Democrat prime minister, Adrian Nastase, and the opposition leader, Traian Basescu, was too close to call.
Warriors Overpower Bobcats 99-87 (AP) AP - Jason Richardson scored 24 points to help the Golden State Warriors keep the Charlotte Bobcats winless on the road with a 99-87 victory on Sunday night.
Suddenly, Patriots' Weis Has Two Jobs The New England Patriots' offensive coordinator, Charlie Weis, will be introduced Monday as the coach of Notre Dame.
Greenspan Has Created More Transparent Fed A master of mystery much of the time, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has vastly improved the central bank #39;s communications with Wall Street and Main Street over the past decade.
Miller wins World Cup giant slalom Bode Miller won a giant slalom WorldCup in Val D #39;Isere, France on Sunday, his fifth victory of the season. Miller, fourth after the first leg, clocked his winning time oftwo minutes 
In U.S. Market, Cellphone Users Are Often All Talk After years of delays, U.S. wireless carriers are unveiling third generation phone networks. The carriers will soon find out whether the time and money were actually worth it.
Some Online Sites Falter During the Holiday Rush Holiday slowdowns and crashes at Kmart.com, Amazon.com and others highlight the Web's persistent growing pains.
M.I.T. Technology Review Adopts More Serious Tone The MIT Technology Review, which was introduced in 1899, is getting a makeover to help attract readers and advertisers.
Israeli soldiers  quot;killed in Gaza blast quot; Jazeera said eight soldiers were wounded on Sunday and a ninth was missing in addition to the four dead. Israeli sources said there were.
After Years of Battle, Some '.md' Web Sites Are Going Online A New Jersey company, MaxMd, recently acquired near-exclusive rights to market the ".md" domain, which technically belongs to Moldova.
In the Age of the Wireless Phone, a Louisiana Town Awaits the Real Thing It's no secret what the 15 householders in Mink, La., want for Christmas: the same thing they have always wanted year round - telephones.
Humble Sandwich Gains In Stature The Atkins diet frenzy slowed growth briefly, but the sandwich business is booming, with \$105 billion in sales last year.
U.S. Imposes New Curbs On Clothing Imports Eighteen days before the end of a 30 year-old system restricting international trade in textiles and apparel, the Bush administration is imposing new barriers on imported clothing.
Dulles,  Clearly On Tech's Radar Anchored by Dulles, the fifth-busiest airport in the United States for scheduled arrivals and departures, the Northern Virginia corridor has become a driving force in Washington's economy
Repair Posts Scramble To Meet Demand Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld's intended transformation of the Army into a quick, mobile force has started to rub against the daily demands of patching enough tanks and trucks together to keep fighting the war.
Dodgers Continue Winter Trade Talks (AP) AP - Tim Hudson might not be Los Angeles-bound after all. Dodgers general manager Paul DePodesta and his Oakland counterpart, Billy Beane, have talked extensively about Hudson at baseball's winter meetings.
Notre Dame names Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Notre Dame has tapped one of the NFL #39;s most successful units to fill its head coaching vacancy, signing New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis to a six-year contract, the school said Sunday night.
Saddam on hunger strike : US military denies Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein and 11 top leaders of his regime have gone on hunger strike in their US detention centre, one of their lawyers said yesterday.
Teams Exercise Patience With big-ticket free agents like Carlos Beltran, Richie Sexson and Carlos Delgado still on the market, baseball executives are playing wait-and-see.
Opening The Desktop The Mozilla Foundation #39;s new Thunderbird E-mail client, released last week, is positioned as a simple-but-secure alternative to Microsoft #39;s widely used Outlook Express.
Mysterious Tremors Could Warn Of Future Earthquakes BERKELEY, Calif. -- Mysterious tremors deep beneath the San Andreas Fault could portend future earthquakes, according to University of California, Berkeley scientists.
Holmes voted sports personality of year in Britain Double Olympic gold medallist Kelly Holmes was voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year on Sunday. Holmes had been the hottest favorite ever to win the award after her exploits 
Nedved gives Juventus late win Bologna, Italy (Sports Network) - Czech striker Pavel Nedved scored off a free kick in the 86th minute Sunday to give Juventus a 1-0 win at Bologna.
Eagles Defeat Redskins 17-14 (AP) AP - Andy Reid moved ahead of Joe Gibbs. Just barely. In a game much tighter than form would have predicted, the Philadelphia Eagles held off the Washington Redskins 17-14 Sunday night, winning their fifth straight and propelling Reid past Gibbs into first place in winning percentage among active coaches.
Real Madrid Soccer Match Abandoned After Bomb Threat (Update1) Real Madrid #39;s home match yesterday against Real Sociedad was abandoned in the 87th minute after a bomb hoax, the Spanish soccer club said.
IBM in server joint venture with China Great Wall Computer (AFP) AFP - China Great Wall Computer Shenzhen Co Ltd has signed an agreement to establish a new joint venture with IBM to produce computer servers for the Asian region, the company said.
Blast kills 15, injures 60 in Philippines A powerful explosion in a crowded southern Philippines market killed 15 and wounded at least 60 on Sunday. The market was packed with Christmas shoppers when the explosion went off in the markets meat section 
Oil Above  #36;41 as Saudi Cuts Supplies (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices climbed above  #36;41 a barrel\on Monday after Saudi Arabia cut January crude deliveries to\clients in Asia, confirming that the top exporter was adhering\to OPEC's agreement last week to curb excess supply.
IBM, AMD Speed Chips, Strain Wafers (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers at IBM  and\Advanced Micro Devices Inc.  have improved a chip-making\technology called strained silicon, boosting  semiconductor\performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to\come by, the companies said on Sunday.
Johnson   Johnson and Guidant Hold More Talks on Acquisition Johnson   Johnson, the health care conglomerate, continued its acquisition talks with Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses.
Telekom Malaysia,Singapore, to buy Idea Cellular stake The government of Singapore and Telekom Malaysia Bhd agreed to buy a 48 percent stake in India #39;s Idea Cellular from three companies for US\$390 million to tap into India #39;s wireless market.
Australian commodity exports set to increase 15 percent &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY (AFP) - Australia #39;s commodity exports are forecast to increase by 15 percent to a record 95 billion dollars (71 million US), the government #39;s key economic forecaster said.
Word of Weis spreads quickly Notre Dame, IN - When Willingham was let go a week and a half ago, the word spread quickly across Notre Dame #39;s campus. Now the news that a new coach is in place is all over campus too.
Sports Awards: Holmes wins BBC Sports Personality of the Year If it came as a surprise that Kelly Holmes should win two gold medals at the Athens Olympics, her victory in White City last night, where she became the BBC Sports Personality of the Year, was a racing certainty.
OPEC sees 1 million barrels per day demand drop in 2005 JAKARTA (AFP) - Worldwide demand for oil is expected to drop by about one million barrels per day by the second quarter of 2005 after the northern hemisphere #39;s winter season ends, OPEC #39;s president said.
Telekom Malaysia Spreads Its Wings But No Quick Returns KUALA LUMPUR (Dow Jones)--Telekom Malaysia Bhd. (4863.KU) has begun to spread its wings overseas, but it will be awhile before its Indian and Indonesian investments begin to pay off in substantially stronger earnings.
LSE Receives \$2.6 Billion Offer From Deutsche Boerse (Update2) London Stock Exchange Plc, Europe #39;s third-largest exchange by market value, said it received a 1.35 billion-pound (\$2.6 billion) takeover offer from Deutsche Boerse AG, the second attempt 
Lloyds TSB Says Profit Will Fall 23 After Unit Sales (Update2) Lloyds TSB Group Plc, the UK #39;s fifth-largest bank by assets, said annual pretax profit may fall 23 percent, after earnings doubled last year on proceeds from the sale of its businesses in New Zealand and Brazil.
Bayer sells plasma unit to US consortium Bayer continued with its strategic refocusing, announcing on Monday the sale of its plasma business to two US private capital funds.
How IBM and the PC changed the world IBM transformed the world when it launched the personal computer back in 1981. Its decision last week to sell its PC business to Chinese IT supplier Lenovo shows how profound the changes it brought about really are.
 #39;Do-not-call #39; law is about a year away OTTAWA -- Federal officials hope to introduce new legislation today to establish a do-not-call registry for consumers who want to put an end to telemarketing pitches.
Reports: J amp;J, Guidant deal near Health care and consumer products maker Johnson  amp; Johnson is close to finalizing its long-rumored \$24 billion cash and stock acquisition of medical-device maker Guidant Corp.
Layoffs ahead for meat workers About 800 workers at the Swift  amp; Co. meat packing plant will lose their jobs four days before Christmas. The layoffs will take effect Dec. 20, 11 days before a contract expires 
Opposition leads in Romania poll Partial results put opposition candidate Traian Basescu narrowly ahead in the race to be Romanian president.
Wish you were here Want a wireless, hand-held game player that plays movies, music, and more? Meet the Sony PlayStation Portable known as PSP. What about a 
NASA administrator meeting with LSU committee WASHINGTON NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will meet Thursday with a committee searching for Louisiana State University #39;s next chancellor.
AMD, IBM Speed Up Chips With Strained Wafers Researchers at IBM and AMD have improved a chip-making technology called strained silicon. Their announcement, of a new and unique strained silicon transistor technology, is aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
Reefs set for rapid growth Sydney - Coral reefs around the world could grow by up to a third because of rising ocean temperatures, according to a new Australian study which turns on its head the long-held theory that global warming is killing the reefs.
Mystery meteors slice sky tonight Scientists disagree on the origins of the annual Geminid shower but agree that conditions this year favor a spectacular show. Shooting stars of mysterious origin promise a spectacular sky-show tonight for 
Thomson Blurs Picture on High-Definition DVD Adding weight to the notion that two high-definition DVD formats may co-exist, leading manufacturer Thomson today announced that it would manufacture HD DVD-compatible discs as well as Blu-ray versions in its Technicolor division.
Yahoo Plans Desktop Search Yahoo will release a desktop search tool in early 2005, joining other search engines looking to catalog a variety of information beyond Web pages, the company said Friday.
ISS Crew Told To Ration Food The ISS astronauts consume an average of about 3,000 calories during any given day in space. Under the current plan, Chiao and Sharipov will reduce their daily intake to a maximum of 2,700 calories.
Firefox e-mail program free and feature-packed Q:I am now happily using Mozilla Firefox for Web browsing instead of Microsoft Internet Explorer. Now I wonder whether I should also switch to Mozilla #39;s free e-mail program.
Google offers a suggestion Google has launched a new feature that tries to guess what users are looking for as they type queries into its search box. Google Suggest was quietly launched this week in the company #39;s Labs site, which showcases 
Big Blue Takes On EMC With Storage Virtualization The new storage virtualization software is designed with expanded support to virtualize and manage the complete line of currently available EMC disk storage systems.
The download on digital We will soon get more singles off the net than from the shops - and Apple #39;s iPod is leading the way. James Hall reports. It #39;s Wednesday lunchtime on London #39;s half-empty Regent Street and the sleek new store 
UC researchers discover deep tremors under San Andreas Fault BERKELEY - Mysterious tremors deep beneath the San Andreas Fault could portend future earthquakes, according to University of California, Berkeley scientists.
MP3 Sunglasses OAKLEY THUMP is the world #39;s first digital music eyewear. Just high-performance optics forged with an integrated, state-of-the-art digital audio engine.
China 'no longer needs food aid' \The head of the UN World Food Programme says China should start  giving, rather than receiving, food aid.
Crackdown urged on film piracy The UK Film Council wants changes in the law to tackle the growing problem of film piracy and illegal DVDs.
Morrison benefits from Sorensen blunder Clinton Morrison was recalled to the Birmingham City line-up for Sundays derby against Aston Villa, and took just nine minutes to find the net at Villa Park as the Blues continued their exceptional record in clashes with their rivals since their top 
Kelly Receives Early Christmas Present Kelly Holmes is looking forward to a well-deserved break at home with her family over Christmas after adding the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award to her double Olympic gold.
Files reveal 1953 Gibraltar row Churchill denied that any promises were made to give Gibraltar to Spain, prompting a row, archived documents show
Dunfermline 0, Celtic 2 Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill said last night he would be speaking to the agents of several players this week to get them to sign new contracts.
Peyton might seek revenge He believes Sundays 37-14 dismantling of the New York Giants and rookie quarterback Eli Manning, in particular, might come back to haunt the Baltimore Ravens.
Peru Rebel Says Will Surrender Monday  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - The leader of a 200-strong armed  group that killed four policemen and seized a police station  and part of a southern Peruvian town, to demand the resignation  of President Alejandro Toledo, said it would hand over its  weapons on Monday.
Defeat extremists with reform, Powell tells Arab leaders ARAB leaders must introduce reforms to counter the growth of terrorism, Colin Powell, the outgoing American Secretary of State, told Islamic leaders yesterday.
Shunned, India's untouchables gather tsunami dead (Reuters) Reuters - They are the "untouchables"; the lowest of the low in India's ancient caste system. No job is too dirty or too nasty, and they are the ones cleaning up the rotting corpses from last week's killer tsunami.
Putin Critics, Supporters Demonstrate in Russian Capital Supporters and critics of Russia #39;s president are demonstrating in Moscow, with both groups calling attention to Kremlin plans to consolidate power.
Cheers, and Concern, for New Climate Pact With the United States keeping to the sidelines, delegates from more than 190 countries have gathered here both to celebrate the enactment of the 
European Ministers to Discuss Discuss Irans Long-Term Uranium &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Diplomats in Brussels say the foreign ministers of Britain, France and Germany will meet Iran #39;s top nuclear official Monday to discuss a long-term nuclear cooperation agreement.
Man Charged in UK Tsunami Death Email Probe (Reuters) Reuters - British police said on Monday they had\charged a man with sending hoax emails to relatives of people\missing since the Asian tsunami, saying their loved ones had\been confirmed dead.
Deal to save Somali peace process Somalia's new prime minister may by reappointed, and then put to a vote of confidence, officials say.
Ravens Beat Dolphins but Miss Playoffs (AP) AP - The Baltimore Ravens did their part to get into the playoffs. It wasn't enough. After beating the Miami Dolphins 30-23 Sunday, the Ravens had to wait until the late afternoon games ended to learn their postseason fate.
Croatian President Forced Into Runoff (AP) AP - Croatia's pro-Western president failed to win an outright majority for re-election on Sunday, forcing him to face a runoff vote against the conservative government's candidate in two weeks.
Sony PSP goes on sale in Japan The company was able to ship 200,000 units throughout Japan and interestingly, the response from the consumership was phenomenal. Retailers carrying the unit opened their stores early in the morning and faced long lines outside their facilities.
IBM, AMD speed chips by straining silicon wafers Researchers at IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have improved a chip-making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such 
BETAMAX-STYLE DEATH MATCH FOR DVD A high-tech DVD format battle for the hearts, minds and wallets of consumers is shaping up to be a 21st century version of the 1980s VHS/Betamax brawl.
Koskie good fit for Jays TORONTO -- Some of his former teammates said he didn #39;t want to come. People close to the negotiations were doubtful he would come.
Broncos Beat Colts, Earn Wild-Card Spot (AP) AP - The Denver Broncos took care of the Indianapolis 'B' team and earned the right to face Peyton Manning and the real Colts next week in the playoffs. Jake Plummer threw for 246 yards and two touchdowns Sunday to lift the Broncos to a 33-14 victory over the watered-down Colts and qualify for the AFC's final wild-card spot.
Cassini set for Titan return pass The Cassini spacecraft makes one last flyby of Titan on Monday before it despatches the Huygens probe for a rendezvous with the Saturnian moon.
5 Israelis killed in tunnel attack JERUSALEM -- Palestinian militants yesterday detonated an explosives-packed tunnel under an Israeli army base in the Gaza Strip and ambushed Israeli reinforcements, killing five soldiers and complicating efforts underway since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death last month to halt more than four years of fighting.
Violence, political feuds cloud Haiti's hopes PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Nine months after a bloody uprising unseated Haiti's elected president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, hopes for a peaceful road back to democracy have all but vanished.
New tax to be levied on some textile exports BEIJING -- China said today that it will slap a tax on some of its textile exports in a nod to trading partners who fear that less expensive Chinese goods will flood their markets when global quotas on textiles expire next month. China will impose an export duty on certain, unspecified textile products, the English-language China Daily newspaper said, citing ...
Activists, politicians protest Putin policies MOSCOW -- Hundreds of Kremlin critics gathered yesterday on Constitution Day to denounce what they call a retreat from democracy as President Vladimir V. Putin signed a bill scrapping gubernatorial elections.
In visit to Kuwait, Palestinian leader delivers apology KUWAIT CITY -- Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas apologized to Kuwaitis yesterday for Palestinian support of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein during the 1990-'91 Gulf War, his latest gesture to mend fences with Arab nations offended by the late Yasser Arafat over the years.
Sketches From the Front: An Artist's Dispatches, Rendered in Ink and Paint A New York painter, Steve Mumford, has been embedded with military units in Iraq on and off since April 2003.
7 Marines and a G.I. Are Killed in Separate Attacks in Iraq Marine officials reported that seven marines had been killed Sunday while conducting security operations in Anbar.
Wish you were here TOKYO -- Want a wireless, hand-held game player that plays movies, music, and more? Meet the Sony PlayStation Portable known as PSP.
In bid for more ads, America Online taking down walls DULLES, Va. -- The walls surrounding America Online Inc.'s well-manicured gardens are crumbling: AOL is abandoning its strategy of exclusivity and will free much of its music, sports, and other programming to nonsubscribers, in hopes of boosting ad sales.
'House flipping' said to cheat minorities ALBANY, N.Y. -- A four-bedroom, 1-bath colonial for only a \$450 monthly mortgage payment? How can you go wrong? Lots of ways. Fair housing advocates say the first-time buyer of that \$85,000 Syracuse, N.Y., home lost out in one of the many forms of  quot;house flipping, quot; or the fast resale of property at high profits.
Keep playing while you're charging Popping a gadget into a cradle to recharge it used to mean downtime, but these days chargers are doing double duty, keeping your portable devices playing even when they're charging.
Some fear it's a passport to identity theft It's December 2005 and you're all set for Christmas in Vienna. You have your most fashionable cold-weather gear, right down to the red maple leaves embroidered on your jacket and backpack, to conceal your American citizenship from hostile denizens of Europe.
6 Court-Martialed After Taking Vehicles At a time when some U.S. troops in Iraq are complaining they have to scrounge for equipment, six Ohio-based reservists have been  court-martialed for taking Army vehicles abandoned in Kuwait by other units so they could carry out their own  mission to Iraq.
Racist Taunts Rattle European Soccer Professional soccer teams, their national and international governing bodies and anti-racism groups have been grappling with a number of incidents around Europe over the last month.
A qualified success FOXBOROUGH -- When a team is 12-1, clinching a playoff berth and the AFC East title (after the Jets lost to the Steelers) in spite of allowing almost 500 yards of offense, what else can one do but project this type of performance down the road to more meaningful games?
Sox may find out today on Martinez ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Restless to resolve his status, Pedro Martinez has indicated he wants to decide by today whether to re-sign with the Red Sox or bolt to the Mets, a source familiar with his thinking said last night.
These meetings are hardly meaty ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Put the executives of 30 major league teams, dozens of agents, and all of their assorted support staff -- we're talking sufficient manpower for three brigades -- and what do you get?
Manning, Colts keep up the pace HOUSTON -- Peyton Manning broke one of Dan Marino's touchdown records, just not the one everybody has been talking about.
Defense delivers late for San Diego SAN DIEGO -- LaDainian Tomlinson and Drew Brees aren't the only ones who can win games for the resurgent San Diego Chargers. Their defense is pretty good, too.
Broncos slip by Dolphins DENVER -- The Denver Broncos found a new running back, then lost him just as quickly. They kept their postseason hopes alive, but looked nothing like a playoff-worthy team.
Ugly victory saves Eagles LANDOVER, Md. -- The Philadelphia Eagles held off the Washington Redskins, 17-14, last night, winning their fifth straight and propelling Andy Reid past Joe Gibbs into first place in winning percentage among active coaches.
Longwell gives Packers boost GREEN BAY, Wis. -- Ryan Longwell's 23-yard field goal gave Green Bay a 16-13 win over the Detroit Lions yesterday and lifted the Packers (8-5) into first place in the NFC North by a game over Minnesota.
Crown fits for Falcons ATLANTA -- T.J. Duckett set a team record by rushing for four touchdowns and the Atlanta Falcons clinched just the third division title in franchise history, wrapping up the NFC South with a 35-10 rout of the Oakland Raiders yesterday.
Jaguars get jump on Bears JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Byron Leftwich threw two touchdown passes and the Jacksonville defense constantly harassed Chad Hutchinson in the Jaguars' 22-3 victory over the injury-depleted Chicago Bears yesterday.
Win was No. 1 priority Many teams would gladly settle for a tie when playing shorthanded in the final minute of overtime against an unbeaten opponent. No. 1 Minnesota isn't one of them.
Hurricanes blow by UMass CORAL GABLES, Fla. -- After his team's dramatic victory over No. 7 Connecticut last week, Minuteman Anthony Anderson said,  quot;We've been saying this is our year. quot;
Woods answers challenge, gets his game back on target names Tiger Woods turned in his most complete round of a difficult year, missing only two fairways and one green in closing with a 5-under-par 66 to take a two-shot victory over Padraig Harrington yesterday in the Target World Challenge at Sherwood Country Club in Sherman Oaks, Calif. It was Woods's second straight stroke-play title after going without one on ...
Celtics' defense is coming alive LOS ANGELES -- After 14-plus years in the NBA, Gary Payton is an unapologetic realist. He has no use for morale-boosting optimism.
Making the playoffs a rush for Dillon FOXBOROUGH -- Before yesterday's kickoff, Corey Dillon spotted Marvin Lewis across the field, approached the Cincinnati coach, and gave him an embrace. As they brought their heads together, the Patriots running back told Lewis that his grudge against the Bengals finally would be gone. And the Cincinnati coach reciprocated, agreeing that after the game the hatchet would be buried forever. ...
Palmer's loss stifles Bengals FOXBOROUGH -- The play did not look as bad as Rodney Harrison's hit that leveled Rudi Johnson in yesterday's 35-28 Patriots victory over Cincinnati at Gillette Stadium.
Home-Brew IPod Ad Opens Eyes An animated ad for Apple's iPod made by a schoolteacher is thrilling buzz marketers. Forget word-of-mouth -- the future of advertising is in professional-looking ads that go viral. By Leander Kahney.
Chinese retail sales hold firm Chinese consumers show little sign of reining in their spending, despite the first rise in core interest rates in nine years.
London Exchange rejects German bid The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has rejected a proposed offer for the company from Deutsche Boerse valued at 530 pence per share in cash.
Unocal Corp. tentatively settles human rights lawsuits LOS ANGELES A spokesman for Unocal Corp. says tonight the oil and gas giant has reached a tentative agreement to settle human rights lawsuits.
MONDAY MORNING HSBC Bank planted its flag in Washington last week, opening its first branch in the District with hopes of becoming Riggs Bank #39;s replacement to the embassy community.
Sony launches portable games pad Sony has launched its first handheld games console, the PlayStation Portable (PSP), which it hopes will challenge Nintendo in the portable games market.
Spouse says  quot;No iPod, quot; Getting rid of CDs, and Resurrecting a dead &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ask iPodlounge offers readers the opportunity to get answers to their iPod-related questions from a member of the iPodlounge editorial team.
NASA telescopes spy planets under construction Planet-building is dusty work, and now two space telescopes have captured images of cosmic construction materials: disks of dust circling stars about the same size as our sun.
PETROV WANTS BHOYS SIGNED UP Celtic star Stilian Petrov has urged the Parkhead board to hand a number of top players new contracts before they live to regret letting them go.
SIX OF THE BEST FOR MILAN Reigning Italian champions AC Milan handed out a lesson in quality finishing at the San Siro to hit outclassed Fiorentina for six of the best on Sunday afternoon.
ST Telemedia and Telekom Malaysia buy Idea stake Singapore Technologies Telemedia and Telekom Malaysia are paying US\$390m-equivalent to acquire a 48 per cent stake in Idea Cellular, India #39;s fifth-largest mobile operator, after conducting due 
Ericsson awarded GSM expansion contract by Guangdong Mobile Corp Ericsson has been awarded an \$805m contract by Guangdong Mobile Communication Corporation Limited (Guangdong Mobile, a whole-owned subsidiary of China Mobile HK Holdings, to expand its GSM network in Guangdong Province, China.
US Dollar Falls Against the Yen The dollar fell against the yen and the euro in Asia on Monday for the first time in three sessions as US hedge funds and Japanese exporters resumed selling the greenback on concerns about US economic imbalances.
Queues for PSP as Sony enter the fray (PSP) It seems there #39;s no end to Japan #39;s love of handheld gaming these days. With Nintendo selling big with its hugely successful Nintendo DS launch, Sony have begun the counter attack with queues of up to 1500 
Free Music for Your iPod You #39;re probably already familiar with one of the most common questions we hear at iPodlounge:  quot;how can I load my iPod up with free music?
Apple iTunes in Grammy Award link-up The US music industry is strengthening its embrace of music download services, with a unique Grammy Award/iTunes tie-up. The organisers of the Grammy Awards have reached a deal with Apple to 
Blues held by Gunners Eidur Gudjohnsen #39;s equaliser gave Chelsea a 2-2 draw with champions Arsenal at Highbury and took the Blues four points clear at the top of the Premiership table.
Knicks count on new math If you take Isiah Thomas at his word and believe he #39;s not trading Allan Houston before the February deadline, then the Knicks have to hope that Houston-Jamal Crawford-Stephon Marbury isn #39;t the second coming of Houston-Latrell Sprewell-Glen Rice.
Suicide bomb blasts Green Zone A SUICIDE car bomb has ripped through a line of vehicles at a checkpoint outside the Green Zone today, killing 13 people as Iraq marked the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein #39;s capture.
Online Groups Brag About Movie Piracy (AP) AP - In not-too-secret online forums, Wesley Snipes' latest movie, "Blade: Trinity," is the subject of intense discussion and evaluation. But unlike typical movie fan sites, the chatter from visitors to Web sites like VCDQuality.com doesn't key on the vampire film's plot, acting or bloody visual effects. Instead, computer users dish out praise or criticism on the caliber of video and sound achieved by online groups whose sole mission is to make available unauthorized copies of Hollywood films within a day or two of a movie's debut, if not before.
Lamy Says France Proposed Him as WTO Chief (Reuters) Reuters - France has formally proposed former\European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy as a candidate to\become the head of the World Trade Organization (WTO), Lamy\said Monday. EU governments backed Frenchman Lamy as Europe's\candidate last week for the post of WTO director-general, which\former Thai deputy premier Supachai Panitchpakdi is due to\leave at the end of August 2005.
LSE rejects 1.35bn Deutsche bid The London Stock Exchange today said it had rejected a 1.35 billion takeover approach from German rival Deutsche Boerse. Shares in the LSE have risen 25 per cent in recent weeks as investors anticipated a possible takeover bid.
IBM, AMD Speed Chips, Strain Wafers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Researchers at IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Advanced Micro Devices Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; have improved a chip-making  technology called strained silicon, boosting  semiconductor  performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to  come by, the companies said on Sunday.
OPEC Head Sees Oil Demand Dropping  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Demand for oil will decline by 1  million barrels per day (bpd) in the second quarter of 2005,  the head of the OPEC producers' cartel said on Monday.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Exporters Gain  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Exporters such as Honda Motor Co. led  gains in Japanese shares Monday as a rebound in the U.S. dollar  eased concerns over corporate profits, but stocks elsewhere in  Asia slipped on rising oil prices.
Blog Creation, Readership Rise in 2004 (AP) AP - Readership of online journals known as blogs grew significantly in 2004, driven by increased awareness of them during the presidential campaign and other major news events, according to a study released Sunday.
Saddam #39;s lieutenants on  #39;hunger strike #39; Some of Saddam Hussein #39;s top aides are refusing meals in their secret US detention centre, the US army acknowledged on Sunday after a detainee #39;s lawyer said Iraq #39;s ousted leaders were on hunger strike.
Barghouti pulls out of election Marwan Barghouti withdrew from the race to replace Palestinian President Yasser Arafat late last night. His withdrawal means there will be a smooth transition in the election on 9 January, with interim leader Mahmoud Abbas the clear favourite.
Central Banks Short-Circuit U.S. Savings?  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Have Asia's central banks lulled  Americans into a false sense of security?
Nikkei Ends Up as Yen Helps Car Firms  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average closed  higher for the first time in three sessions Monday, as a weaker  yen against the dollar helped auto exporters such as Honda  Motor Co. Ltd.
IBM, AMD claim 24 per cent chip speed gains IBM and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies are expected to announce today.
NASA Chief Is Resigning After 3 Years, Officials Say NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe is said to be pursuing a job as chancellor of Louisiana State University.
Second Delay for Rocket Engineers sought to determine what caused a temperature control system to malfunction after an aborted launch Saturday.
Court Case Pits Google and Geico A trademark infringement suit against Google may alter how the search industry makes a profit.
N.Korea Says Reconsidering Place at Nuclear Talks (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea is seriously reconsidering\its role in talks on its nuclear plans because of what it sees\as a concerted campaign to topple the North's ruling system,\the North Korean Foreign Ministry said on Monday.
UAE Urges Radical Arab Reform from Within (Reuters) Reuters - The United Arab Emirates urged fellow\Arabs Monday to implement radical political and economic\reform, saying history and their people would not forgive them\if they failed to do so.
Iraqi Leader Criticizes U.S.-Led Coalition (AP) AP - Iraq's interim President Ghazi al-Yawer said in an interview broadcast Monday that the U.S.-led coalition was wrong to dismantle the Iraqi security forces.
Manning Comes Up Short of Marino's Mark (AP) AP - No. 45 was a simple 3-yard floater to his favorite target. No. 46 was vintage Peyton Manning, a 12-yard bullet between two defenders.
Spain PM Testifies at Bombing Inquiry (AP) AP - Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, testifying Monday before a parliamentary commission investigating Spain's worst terrorist attack, dismissed any link between his surprise election victory last March and the Madrid train bombings three days earlier.
Abandoned Africa HIV Orphans Struggle with Stigma (Reuters) Reuters - Monica is 12, likes ice cream, thinks\boys are rough and dirty, and wants to grow up to be a flight\attendant "because they work hard and play hard."
Tiger Woods Wins Target World Challenge (AP) AP - At this rate, Tiger Woods probably can't wait for the 2005 season to start. Woods turned in his most complete round of a difficult year Sunday, missing only two fairways and one green in closing with a 5-under 66 for a two-shot victory over Padraig Harrington in the Target World Challenge.
Giuliani Said Apologized to Bush Over Kerik (AP) AP - Former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, at a preplanned dinner with President Bush, offered apologies for the abortive nomination of close associate Bernard Kerik as homeland security secretary, a Giuliani spokeswoman said.
Mobile multimedia slow to catch on Mobile phone firms face a series of hurdles if they want to get their customers using their funky new handsets.
Hong Kong Shares Close Little Changed The Hang Seng Index slipped 15.65 points, or 0.1 percent, to 13,886.16. On Friday, the index had slumped 107.01 points, or 0.8 percent.
Singapore #39;s Jetstar Asia becomes 5th budget airline to operate &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Singapore #39;s budget airline, Jetstar Asia, will launch its daily service between Hong Kong and Singapore from Monday. Jetstar Asia will become the fifth budget airline 
Sharon: Peace Depends on Palestinians GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Dec 13, 2004 - The new Palestinian leadership is not doing enough to restrain militants, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday, after attackers blew up an Israeli army outpost in Gaza and killed five soldiers.
Lawyer Urges Red Cross to Examine Saddam A French lawyer representing Saddam Hussein asked Monday for the International Red Cross to look into reports that the jailed former Iraqi leader has begun a hunger strike.
China to Impose Tariffs on Some Textiles  BEIJING (Reuters) - China will impose tariffs on some  textile exports in a move that may ease frictions with the  United States and others over an expected flood of Chinese  products on world markets after a global quota system expires  at year's end.
China textile exports develop BEIJING, Dec. 13 -- Three years after China #39;s entry into the World Trade Organization and the country #39;s quality of textile exports continues to improve.
UPDATE: Telekom Malaysia Spreads Its Wings KUALA LUMPUR (Dow Jones)--Telekom Malaysia Bhd. (4863.KU) has begun to spread its wings overseas, but it will be awhile before its Indian and Indonesian investments begin to pay off in substantially stronger earnings.
Hong Kong #39;s Record \$2.7 Bln Property Trust IPO May Be Delayed The trading debut of Hong Kong #39;s record \$2.7 billion property trust may be delayed because of a legal challenge, a government lawyer said.
IBM #39;s PC saga was two decades in the unmaking until then the ruler of a still-nascent industry -an a cheeky advertisement greeting its new rival. The ad said:  quot;Welcome, IBM.
Oil giant makes peace in Myanmar US oil giant Unocal Corp has agreed in principle to settle a lawsuit brought by Myanmar villagers who accused it of complicity in human rights abuses, including slave labour, during the building of a pipeline, a company spokesman said today.
Turning a setback into an opportunity Minneapolis-based Target Corp. #39;s decision this fall to stop allowing Salvation Army bell ringers at its stores has turned out to be a blessing in disguise for the Lake County Salvation Army.
AMD e IBM introducono un nuovo processo produttivo AMD e IBM hanno rilasciato congiuntamente un comunicato stampa, con il quale annunciano lo sviluppo di nuove tecniche di produzione per transistor strained silicon, che beneficia di una migliore gestione del consumo a parit di frequenza di clock.
Coral reefs may grow with global warming Rising levels of greenhouse gases may not be quite as bad for coral reefs as was previously thought. A team of Australian scientists say that the damage done by increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the 
Toshiba rejects Sony Truce in HD-DVD - Blu-Ray War UK daily, The Guardian, is reporting that Sony executives have approached Toshiba in the last few weeks in an attempt to stave off the brewing next-gen format war.
Mforma makes Marvel-ous deal Rather than tell you, Dan Kranzler chooses instead to show you how he turned Mforma into a worldwide publisher of video games, ringtones and other hot downloads for mobile phones.
Current Mozilla Foundation Projects Well, for those of you who are interested, here #39;s my take on the Mozilla Foundation #39;s current, major projects. The Mozilla Foundation is a non-profit and open-source organization that develops Mozilla and all of its related apps.
Google Suggests the way to search Google has launched a new feature that tries to guess what people are looking for as they type queries into a search box. Google Suggest quietly debuted this week on the company #39;s Labs site, which showcases 
AOL Creates Its Own Browsing Software As part of its reincarnation, America Online Inc. is creating its own software for browsing the Web and playing movies and songs. It #39;s a question of staying relevant in an increasingly broadband world.
Decoding Dusty Disks The Spitzer and Hubble Space Telescopes each have found dusty disks around sun-like stars. Finding such rings of dusty debris around stars the size of the sun is difficult, because they are fainter and harder 
After Williams, Klitschko to fight Lewis? LAS VEGAS - KIEV, Dec.12-13 -mmediately after defending his WBC heavyweight title in the fight against Danny Williams in Las Vegas Saturday night, Vitali Klitschko headed to his native Ukraine to joint another battle  - fight for freedom in the 
GOLF: NEIL STILL STANDING DESPITE PLAY-OFF DESPAIR Briton Neil Cheetham came agonisingly close to claiming the Dunhill Championship in South Africa, before losing in a sudden-death play-off.
Chad pins picks, loss on himself Chad Pennington took full blame for the Jets #39; loss yesterday and the numbers back him up. It was the second-worst performance of his outstanding young career.
Eagles 17, Redskins 14 With some of the focus on coach Andy Reid #39;s possible future spandex practice attire, the Philadelphia Eagles got an unexpectedly stiff challenge from the Washington Redskins on Sunday night in a 17-14 victory.
Twins lose Koskie to Jays Anaheim, Calif. - There is a decidedly right lean to the three-time champions of the American League Central. In a span of 26 days, the Minnesota Twins lost the left side of their infield to free agency.
Weis signs a six-year contract at Notre Dame Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis touched down in South Bend, Ind., last night and met with his new team, the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame.
Bears toe the playoff line Chad Hutchinson #39;s linemen were like hotel doormen.  quot;Right this way, sirs, quot; they repeatedly said, welcoming Jacksonville defenders into the Bears #39; backfield.
NFL Wrap-Manning Near Record as Colts Beat Texans (Reuters) Reuters - Peyton Manning continued to close in\on the NFL record for single season touchdown passes on Sunday,\firing two TD strikes as the Indianapolis Colts eased past the\Houston Texans 23-14 to clinch the division title.
Spanish Leader Faces Grilling on Train Bombings Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero will become the first Spanish prime minister to be questioned by a parliamentary commission on Monday when he gives his version of events surrounding the Madrid train bombings.
NFL Wrap-Manning Near Record as Colts Beat Texans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning continued to close in  on the NFL record for single season touchdown passes on Sunday,  firing two TD strikes as the Indianapolis Colts eased past the  Houston Texans 23-14 to clinch the division title.
Willingham Headed to Washington  SEATTLE (Sports Network) - The University of Washington has  named Tyrone Willingham its new head football coach. The school  will have a press conference at 2 p.m. (et) Monday to introduce  him.
Giants Still Need Big Bat Behind Bonds  ANAHEIM, Calif., (Sports Network) - San Francisco Giants  manager Felipe Alou answered several questions on Sunday at the  baseball winter meetings about the steroids issue and his super  slugger, Barry Bonds.
Notre Dame Makes Weis Decision  SOUTH BEND, Ind., (Sports Network) - The University of  Notre Dame has named New England Patriots assistant Charlie  Weis its 28th football coach. Weis, who will the fired Tyrone  Willingham, will be introduced at a press conference Monday at  11 a.m. (et).
China to Impose Tariffs on Some Textiles (Reuters) Reuters - China will impose tariffs on some\textile exports in a move that may ease frictions with the\United States and others over an expected flood of Chinese\products on world markets after a global quota system expires\at year's end.
Bruce hails Heskey after derby win (AFP) AFP - Steve Bruce paid tribute to the influence of England striker Emile Heskey after Birmingham moved away from the Premiership relegation zone with a 2-1 win away to arch-rivals Aston Villa.
Central Banks Short-Circuit U.S. Savings? (Reuters) Reuters - Have Asia's central banks lulled\Americans into a false sense of security?
Darfur Peace Talks Overshadowed by Fighting (Reuters) Reuters - Peace talks on Sudan's war-torn Darfur\region got under way Monday in Nigeria's capital, overshadowed\by fighting between rebels and government forces in the vast\desert area.
N.Korea Says Reconsidering Place at Nuclear Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea is seriously reconsidering  its role in talks on its nuclear plans because of what it sees  as a concerted campaign to topple the North's ruling system,  the North Korean Foreign Ministry said on Monday.
Spain Defends Its Iraq Troop Withdrawal  MADRID (Reuters) - Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez  Zapatero Monday strongly defended Spain's withdrawal of troops  from Iraq after the March 11 Madrid train bombings that killed  191 people.
Romanian Opposition Head Scores Upset Victory  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania's centrist opposition leader  Traian Basescu scored an upset victory in a presidential race  against leftist Prime Minister Adrian Nastase, partial official  results showed Monday.
Malaysia, Singapore Jumpstart Stalled Relations  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysia and Singapore  agreed Monday to work on resolving long-standing disputes in  what could be a milestone in relations between the two  quarrelsome Southeast Asian neighbors.
Dutch watch Van Gogh's last film The last film by slain director Theo van Gogh - whose death convulsed the Netherlands - is premiered.
China to Tax Textile Exports to Ease US, EU Concern (Update2) China said it will tax some textile exports and curtail investment in its domestic industry after the US and European Union threatened restrictions on an expected flood of Chinese clothing when quotas expire Jan. 1.
Honeywell to Buy Novar to Expand in Building Products (Update6) Honeywell International Inc., the world #39;s largest supplier of building controls and thermostats, agreed to buy Novar Plc of the UK for 798 million pounds (\$1.53 billion) to expand in security, fire and ventilation systems.
A Whole Lot to Swallow Squeezed at home, China #39;s biggest computer maker, Lenovo, is buying IBM #39;s money-losing PC business. But venturing abroad is fraught with risk.
Building surge forecast to transform Indy area By 2030, 4 in 10 homes will be under 30 years old, study says. By Matthew Tully. The Indianapolis metropolitan area will be reshaped dramatically in the coming decades as new residential, industrial and commercial 
Microsoft desktop-search announcement due Microsoft #39;s MSN division is expected to announce a test version of its long-awaited desktop-search software this morning in a conference call with reporters.
Firefox hits 10-million mark Firefox, the open-source challenger to market heavyweight Internet Explorer, has surpassed 10 million downloads in a little more than a month since the browser was released in November.
AOL to let nonsubscribers in In a move both risky and essential, AOL is abandoning its strategy of exclusivity and will free much of its music, sports and other programming to nonsubscribers in hopes of increasing ad sales.
TARGET CHALLANGE GOLF LATEST BETTING ODDS NEWS The golf season finally enters its winter break this week, and there will be no more action on either the US PGA Tour or the European Tour until January.
Isiah Thomas Speaks, and Declares Support for Houston Isiah Thomas emerged from the Madison Square Garden shadows yesterday morning, gushed about his team #39;s break-even pace and swatted away the trade rumors that have chased the Knicks through the first quarter of the season.
Spain Defends Its Iraq Troop Withdrawal Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero Monday strongly defended Spain #39;s withdrawal of troops from Iraq after the March 11 Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people.
Twenty-one die as  #39;petrol bus #39; explodes after collision Twenty-one Iraqis were killed when a bus carrying petrol exploded in a fireball after colliding with a car north-east of Baghdad, a hospital official said today.
Progress on Bilateral Talks between Singapore and Malaysia Leaders from Singapore and Malaysia said talks have been successful after they agreed to move forward on outstanding bilateral issues.
Target made rational choice about Salvation Army Just because Target has changed policy on allowing the Salvation Army bell-ringers this year doesn #39;t mean they don #39;t deserve our patronage  quot;Target doesn #39;t care about us, I don #39;t care about it, quot; Dec. 7.
US university tells 80,000 to  #39;ditch IE #39; US university Penn State has advised its 80,000 students to ditch Internet Explorer, citing that browser #39;s well-reported security vulnerabilities.
KING #39;S IDEA: A TOURNAMENT The ballroom at Mandalay Bay was decorated late Saturday night for an elaborate post-fight conference where Vitali Klitschko was to celebrate his eighth-round technical knockout over Danny Williams.
Tiger wins - and charity scores \$1m Tiger Woods shot a bogey-free five-under-par 66 to overtake a fading Colin Montgomerie and win the \$5,25-million Target World Golf Challenge in California.
Quick free angers Mourinho CHELSEA manager Jose Mourinho said he was  quot;more than unhappy quot; after Arsenal striker Thierry Henry #39;s second goal was allowed to stand at Highbury today.
Schwartzel delights the home supporters with maiden victory IF YOURE South African, young and very promising, with an eye on a long and successful career around the world, you would be delighted to win your maiden event in your home country as near as possible to where you were born, which is exactly what Charl 
Niners blow lead, survive scare from Cards in OT Dennis Erickson may not have much time left as San Francisco #39;s coach. If this was his last game, though, he will go out a winner, thanks to an unlikely pair of stars -- Ken Dorsey and Maurice Hicks.
Denver returns to old habits In the third quarter of an interactive Sunday matinee at Madison Square Garden, a fan sitting behind the Denver basket shouted a question to Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony.
Eli building trust In Eli Manning #39;s eyes, it has become a trust issue between him and his teammates. In a four-game string of declining performances, lowlighted by yesterday #39;s 4-for-18, 27-yard 
Eight US marines killed in western Iraq Fierce fighting in Fallujah forces US marines to call in both tanks, fighter jets for back up. By Pierre Celerier - FALLUJAH, Iraq.
Saddam #39;s Cause Remains Strong Without Him Even though a year has passed since former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was arrested, terrorism continues to escalate. Saddam was assumed to be organizer of the resistance in Iraq and was arrested on December 13 of last year on his farm in Tigrit.
Oracle Posts Higher Second-Quarter Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker Oracle Corp.\ on Monday posted a higher quarterly profit on firm\demand for its market-leading database software.
Fiber Pact: China Textile Dominance Spooks Asian Rivals BEIJING (Dow Jones)--China #39;s likely emergence as the world #39;s textile and garment superpower after 30 years of global quotas end Dec. 31 has spooked rival producers across 
Novar Agrees on 798M Takeover Building supplies-to-cheque printing group Novar today agreed to be taken over by US giant Honeywell for 798 million. The deal sent shares in Novar up more than 14 and is 
Singapore Shares End Flat, But Chinese Stocks Volatile SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore shares ended flat Monday, although many Chinese stocks fell on renewed fears about corporate governance sparked by a newspaper report containing unconfirmed allegations about a businessman linked to Singapore-listed United 
Nippon Steel to pay double for coal next year Nippon Steel, Japans leading steelmaker, has agreed to pay a record price of more than \$120 per tonne for coking coal from next spring to Australias BHP Billiton Mitsubishi 
Qantas Not Lifting Fuel Surcharge On Tickets - CEO SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Qantas Airways Ltd. (QAN.AU) isn #39;t ready to lower the fuel surcharge on its tickets although oil prices have retreated from highs, the Australian airline #39;s chief executive Geoff Dixon said Monday.
Legislation expected today to set up do-not-call registry OTTAWA -- Tired of rushing to a ringing phone only to hear telemarketers pitching insurance products, exciting new job opportunities or cable TV packages?
AOL abandons exclusivity in favor of ad-supported model In a move both risky and essential, AOL is abandoning its strategy of exclusivity and will free much of its music, sports and other programming to non-subscribers in hopes of boosting ad sales.
Klitschko defends WBC heavyweight title Vitali Klitschko will defend his WBC heavyweight title tonight against Danny Williams in Las Vegas. Klitschko is 34-and-2 with 33 knockouts heading into his first title defense.
Report: Jays front-runners to sign Koskie The Toronto Blue Jays are close to signing Canadian third-baseman Corey Koskie and hope to have a deal done by Monday.  quot;We #39;re still talking, and hopefully we #39;ll know something soon, quot; Blue Jays general manager JP Ricciardi told TSN on Sunday night.
The Best in The Business Charlie Weis will be named the next head football coach at Notre Dame tomorrow during a Monday morning press conference. The New England Patriots offensive coordinator is known as one of the rising stars in 
COLLEGE BASKETBALL: Reed #39;s 23 leads WMU to 5-2 CHARLESTON, SC -- Ben Reed scored 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as Western Michigan beat the College of Charleston, 69-56, on Sunday.
China's Hu Moves to Further Consolidate Power (Reuters) Reuters - China's Communist Party chief, Hu\Jintao, pulled a close political ally out of a problem-plagued\province Monday in an apparent further consolidation of power\after assuming the top job in the military in September.
Suicide attack kills 13 in Baghdad A suicide car bomber killed 13 people today next to the heavily fortified area in central Baghdad housing the interim government and US embassy, and eight US Marines died in combat in western Iraq.
EU Ministers Prepare Disputed Turkey Decision EU foreign ministers met on Monday to make final preparations for a landmark decision later this week to open entry talks with Turkey amid renewed evidence of strong 
N Korea warns US to stop smear campaign In a long statement in its trademark colourful language, the Korean Central News Agency issued its clearest indication since the US elections in November on the prospects for the stalled multilateral negotiations.
Arabs sent home from Afghan hunt US troops expel a group of Arab businessmen visiting Afghanistan to hunt a rare species of bustard.
Cingular to sell 33 stake in Idea to ST Telemedia and Telekom &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, December 13 (newratings.com) - Cingular Wireless, a joint venture between SBC Communications (SBC.NYS) and BellSouth Corporation (BLS), has agreed to sell its 33 stake in Indias fifth-largest mobile operator, Idea Cellular, to Singapore 
UK annual house price growth down The monthly figures may provide some relief however, that the UK housing market is not showing signs of a sustained downward trend after last month #39;s figures showed a drop in prices of 0.1pc from August.
Rumblings far beneath Earths crust may predict quakes Deep rumblings many kilometers (miles) below the San Andreas fault in California could offer a way to predict earthquakes, according to US scientists.
Pennington still needs a big game As a team, the Jets have an awful lot to prove. And as a quarterback, Chad Pennington is still trying to cement his reputation as a big-game performer.
Knicks best with Houston Allan Houston started the game on the bench, and finished it on the bench. In between he was so-so, with more than a couple of shots that rattled around inside the rim before 
Another Giant Disaster In the time it took the ball to tumble from kick returner Derrick Ward #39;s arms, the New York Giants #39; chances of beating the Baltimore Ravens evaporated Sunday.
Pedro poised for his big decision The clock kept ticking on the Pedro Martinez stats, news-Red Sox stats, schedule negotiations last night, with all signs pointing to the ace hurler making up his 
Israeli forces launch air raid on Gaza city Israeli forces fired rockets at the Gaza City on Monday, responding to an earlier attack launched by Hamas movement against an army post.
Turkish EU entry opposed by many French and Germans Spain showed Spain was the only country with a large majority in favour of Turkey #39;s accession. poll of 4,813 people conducted between November 25 and December 3 and published by Le Figaro newspaper on Monday.
For North Korea, Openness Proves a Two-Way Street Before his defection 11 months ago, Kim, a 35-year-old with round-rimmed glasses and a self-assured air, enjoyed the relatively blessed life of the North Korean elite.
WORLD MARKET NEWS Oil prices climbed above \$41 a barrel on Monday after Saudi Arabia cut January crude deliveries to clients in Asia, confirming that the top exporter was adhering to OPEC #39;s agreement last week to curb excess supply.
Stake in India cellphone operator to be sold The government of Singapore and Telekom Malaysia have agreed to buy a 48 percent stake in Idea Cellular of India from three companies for \$390 million to tap into India #39;s wireless market.
Lamy Says France Proposed Him as WTO Head France has formally proposed former European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy as a candidate to become the head of the World Trade Organization (WTO), Lamy said Monday.
Update 1: Ericsson Lands \$805M Contract From China Telecommunication equipment maker Telefon AB LM Ericsson said Monday it received a \$805 million (euro609.3 million) contract from Guangdong Mobile Communication Corp.
Canada Confirms Second Mad Cow Case (Reuters) Reuters - A final laboratory test has\confirmed an Alberta dairy cow had mad cow disease, the second\case Canada has found in its herd, an industry source briefed\by veterinary officials said on Sunday.
Basescu Leads Romania Presidential Runoff (AP) AP - Reformist opposition candidate Traian Basescu was winning Romania's presidential runoff in a tight contest, according to partial official results released Monday.
Sony handheld wins customers Sony Corp. said on Monday retailers had almost completely sold out of the Play Station Portable on its first day in Japanese stores, marking a strong start for the company #39;s first handheld game machine.
Meteor Shower: Free Sky Show It #39;s a celestial event and scientists say the annual Geminid Meteor Shower is the best astronomy show of the year, with meteors shooting across the sky in all directions.
Clinton Stumps for Newest Search Engine (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Ex-president Bill Clinton last week delivered the keynote address at the launch of a new business-focused search engine.
More schools offer cheap music downloads for students (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - More college campuses are adopting deeply discounted - and legal - digital music as the latest amenity for students. Several top schools began offering these services in September, either free or highly subsidized.
Bernabeu Clash To Finish On January 5 Real Madrid will play the last six minutes of their match with Real Sociedad on January 5 after yesterdays encounter was abandoned because of a bomb scare.
Nedved strike keeps Juve four points clear Pavel Nedved scored with a superb free-kick four minutes from time to give Juventus a precious 1-0 Italian Serie A win at Bologna on Sunday.
Bettis #39; TD pass sparks Pittsburgh Running back Jerome Bettis flipped a 10-yard touchdown pass to Jerame Tuman three plays after surpassing the 13,000-yard barrier early in the fourth quarter, fooling what had been a nearly impenetrable New York Jets defense and sending the Pittsburgh 
Jaguars blitz Bears #39; playoff hopes With a chance to legitimize their postseason aspirations Sunday, the penalty-prone and offensively challenged Bears came up flat in a 22-3 loss to the Jaguars.
Russia Defense Minister in China Cooperation Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov\met Chinese military leaders in Beijing Monday to discuss\cooperation between China, a fast-rising military power, and\its main foreign arms and weapons-technology supplier.
Sprint, Nextel could make deal this week (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Sprint and Nextel Communications could announce a  #36;35 billion merger this week in a deal that would forge a third goliath in the quickly consolidating wireless industry.  The union would complete Sprint's transformation from perennial also-ran in the troubled long-distance business.
Sun License Thumbs Nose at GPL (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Sun's open-source license proposal for Open Solaris will surely be unpopular.
Russia Defense Minister in China Cooperation Talks Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov met Chinese military leaders in Beijing Monday to discuss cooperation between China, a fast-rising military power, and its main foreign arms and weapons-technology supplier.
PeopleSoft Relents, Agrees Oracle Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Monday said\rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.'s  board\has accepted a sweetened purchase offer of about  #36;10.3 billion,\ending a long and bitter hostile takeover battle.
Oracle Signs Merger Deal With PeopleSoft (AP) AP - Oracle Corp. announced Monday that it has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire PeopleSoft Inc. for approximately  #36;10.3 billion.
Daschle packs up after 26 years on Hill (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - His elegant, red-walled Capitol office is filled with boxes of memorabilia and photos and artwork in bubble wrap. At the end of this week, Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D., will close the doors for the last time and leave behind the view of the National Mall that he has enjoyed for a decade.
Red Thai Vegetable Curry This week I purchased the ingredients for Red Thai Curry, a fantastic dish I was first introduced to at Bangkok Pavilion in my wonderful home of Kansas City. It has fantastic, varied texture, a medley of rose-tinted colors, and a scent sure to get any curry enthusiast's saliva glands working overtime.  After returning from the grocery store with my bag of goodies, I wasted no time in preparing my meal.  My shopping list included:    1 bag sticky sushi rice  1 can coconut milk  Red Thai curry paste  fresh basil leaves  fresh anise leaves  1 green bell pepper  1 red onion  1 tomato  1 bag frozen peas  lemon grass  Total time from preparation to serving is about 45 minutes, so set aside at least an hour just in case there's an unforeseen complication.  
Hey Ann, Just Try It! On a recent political round table on CNN, Ann Coulter took a swipe at Canadians, saying that we should consider ourselves "lucky that we are allowed to exist on the same continent" as the US.     Alright, Ann, this isn't the first time that an American has denied our right to exist. It's been going on for most of US history. But let's say, for the sake of argument, that we exist at the USA's continued sufferance. If we're that much trouble, why not do what your implications in those statements suggest.    Invade. You're bound to do better than you did before.    Just remember that last time, someone  burned the White House down.
Local URLs \\Right now if I want to show you a resource local to my desktop I'd have to copy\it to an HTTP server and then provide you with the updated URL.\\While most geeks can do this easily enough its pretty hard for most users.  Its\also very confusing.\\I guess IM is moving in this directly.  If you want to give them a file just\drag it into your IM session.\\URLs might be overkill because you'd never want to put a local URL into an HTML\document or blog post.\\Then again it would be cool to have my own burtonator: URI scheme!\\
Siemens to sell mobile phone biz to China - report Chinese distributor lined up as 'potential buyer'
ID checks could have stopped cockler deaths, says Blunkett Or more properly, could have lost them their jobs
IBM, AMD, Sony boost chip speeds by 24 Chip-making technique to fuel AMD64, PowerPC, 'Cell' production
Mobile cashpoints coming soon Bank customers may soon be able to check their balances on mobile phone screens in an initiative from the Link cash machine network and Morse.
PeopleSoft Relents, Agrees Oracle Bid  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; board  has accepted a sweetened purchase offer of about \$10.3 billion,  ending a long and bitter hostile takeover battle.
GLOBAL-MARKETS-Dollar on Ropes, Shares Up  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar was under pressure again  Monday, snapping last week's rebound ahead of a key week of  U.S. data and Tuesday's meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve on  interest rates, but European shares got a lift as oil prices  hovered near-five month lows.
WTO Agrees Entry Talks with Iraq  GENEVA (Reuters) - The World Trade Organization (WTO)  agreed Monday to begin accession talks with Iraq and  Afghanistan, but the United States again blocked any such  negotiations with Iran, diplomats said.
O'Keefe Reported Ready To Quit NASA NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe will likely resign this week to take a \$500,000-a-year job as chancellor of Louisiana State University's Baton Rouge campus, university officials said on Sunday.
'Pirates of the Internet' Is New Class Lesson Iris Beckwith uses a 5-foot-tall robot to help teach elementary school students why it is illegal to download movies and music from the Internet.
This Just In, From The Guy Next Door Mark Potts, a self-described "recovering journalist," says with a bit of understatement: "It isn't Woodward and Bernstein stuff."
An Optimistic Hiring Forecast    Chief executives in the Washington-Baltimore region are more optimistic in their hiring plans for the year ahead than are their colleagues across the nation, according to a survey released last week.
Oracle buys PeopleSoft for \$10 billion Ening a bitter battle, PeopleSoft's board has finally approved a deal worth around \$10 billion Oracle says.
Beijing set to impose own tariffs on textiles HONG KONG The Commerce Ministry in China plans to impose tariffs on some textile exports, a step that could avert a trade war with the United States and the European Union over a new influx of low-cost Chinese garments that had appeared likely to flood 
LSE rejects Deutsche Boerse bid Deutsche Boerse has made a 1.3 billion (\$2.49 billion) approach for the London Stock Exchange, and the LSE #39;s rejection of it on Monday left observers doubting a much better offer would emerge.
Retail Sales Edge Up Slightly, Cars Down US retail sales rose 0.1 percent in November, the Commerce Department said on Monday in a stronger-than-expected report that cemented views the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again this week.
IBM Seeks To Minimize Disruption With PC Sale Ken Andre, CIO at packaging company Greif Inc. and an IBM customer, says he #39;s not worried about IBM #39;s sale of its PC business to China #39;s Lenovo Group Ltd.
Hilfiger to Buy Lagerfeld Trademarks Clothing company Tommy Hilfiger Corp. said Monday that it agreed to purchase the trademarks of fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld, including Lagerfeld Galleries and other Lagerfeld collections, for an undisclosed cash amount.
DaimlerChrysler, GM team on hybrids DaimlerChrysler and General Motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against Japanese rivals on the fuel-saving technology that reduces harmful emissions, the companies said Monday.
Computer Sciences to Sell DynCorp Assets Computer Sciences Corp. late Sunday said it has agreed to sell DynCorp International and related assets to private equity firm Veritas Capital for \$850 million.
Iron Ore Prices to Jump 20 Percent in 2005 Iron ore prices will probably rise another 20 percent in 2005 after increasing 19 percent this year, the top executive of the world #39;s biggest ore exporter said Monday.
Australian Livestock Exports May Hit A\$13 Billion Australia #39;s chief commodities forecaster, the Australian Bureau of Agriculture and Resource Economics, said Monday livestock exports will be nudged higher in the current economic year as overseas markets retain their appetite for Australian beef and lamb.
Dollar #39;s decline concerns UK bank LONDON The possibility of a further slide in the dollar and a decline in demand for US assets has become a potential risk to financial stability, the Bank of England said on Monday in its semiannual Financial Stability Review.
Lawsuit plunges \$3bn HK Reit into chaos The listing of the worlds largest real estate investment trust (Reit) by Hong Kongs Housing Authority descended into chaos on Monday after the agencys lawyers admitted 
Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable sold out on its first day! Sony #39;s anticipated PlayStation Portable (PSP) has virtually sold out on its debut day in Japan - the launch outside Japan will follow next year.
Space agency chief  #39;to resign #39; The head of the US space agency (Nasa), Sean O #39;Keefe, is preparing to resign, according to US newspaper reports. Mr O #39;Keefe will meet with a committee seeking to fill the job of chancellor at Louisiana State 
AMD, IBM announce semiconductor manufacturing technology &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AMD and IBM today announced that they have developed a new and unique strained silicon transistor technology aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
Four NFL Teams Clinch Division Titles (AP) AP - Four teams took the first big step toward the Super Bowl by clinching division titles, joining the Philadelphia Eagles, who already wrapped up the NFC East crown.
Meteor shower peaks tonight The Geminid meteor shower is one of the annual meteor showers that pull professional and amateur astronomers alike out into the cold night air.
Week #39;s delay for Delta launcher Boeing #39;s new heavy-lift Delta 4 rocket must wait a further week before making its maiden flight from Florida, US. All the technical issues on the 70m-tall (230ft) vehicle that delayed its weekend blast-off 
Think Before You Click to Avoid Viruses and Scams One phenomenon that has become quite obvious from the vast numbers of virus victims over the last year is that people click first and ask questions later.
Improved Opera Browser Competing with Explorer, Firefox All Mozilla browsers, including Firefox, boasted a combined share of 7.35 percent, a five-percent increase since May. Jakob Snilsberg, Opera Software #39;s manager of global distribution, gamely 
Newham chooses HP to build MS Exchange infrastructure Newham Council has signed a \$27m (16m) 10-year deal with Hewlett-Packard to provide a Microsoft Windows and Exchange 2003-based IT infrastructure.
The iPod v. the Zen Micro It #39;s no wonder portable digital music players are one of the hottest gadgets this holiday season, as they carry hundreds or even thousands of songs, they #39;re compact enough to bring anywhere and getting music on to the player is as easy as two mouse clicks 
TVland a little bewildering Buying a new television used to straightforward: It was simply a matter of deciding how large you wanted the screen to be. Today, however, the purchase process has become much more complex as the 107-year-old 
Sharman witness: Tech can protect copyright Sharman Networks has called former Napster expert witness Justin Tygar to give his testimony during the ongoing trial against the peer-to-peer software provider for alleged copyright infringement.
Samsung unveils thumbnail mobile phone memory Samsung today unveiled a small, low-power multimedia memory card (MMC) designed for mobile phones. At just 12 x 14 x 1.1mm, Samsung #39;s MMCmicro device is one-third the size of today #39;s common reduced-size multimedia cards.
SingTel teams up with Samsung to tap the Korean market Singapore Telecommunications Limited (SingTel) and Samsung Networks, an IP communications service provider in Korea, have signed an IP-VPN (Internet Protocol - Virtual Private Network) distribution agreement.
Tiger roars in again TIGER WOODS again showed the world he #39;s back in business by winning his own golf tournament, the Target World Challenge in California.
Bomb scare at Real Madrid stadium More than 70,000 people were forced to leave Real Madrid #39;s Bernabeu stadium on Sunday following a bomb scare. David Beckham and other Real Madrid players had to leave the pitch three minutes before the end of their 1-1 match against Real Sociedad.
Klitschko a  #39;Cut #39; Above the Rest Chris Byrd, John Ruiz, Lamon Brewster, and Vitali Klitschko all hold a fraction of the undisputed heavyweight crown, but which of these pugilists can claim legitimately that he is the one true champion?
Rock steady Blues keep title in sight NERVES - no problem. That #39;s the verdict of Jose Mourinho today after his Chelsea side gave a resolute display of character at Highbury.
Stop the talking and start spending FOR Celtic chairman Brian Quinn there is simply no hiding place from reminders of what has to be done. That includes when he is sitting watching his side win 2-0 at Dunfermline to reclaim top spot in the SPL.
Serie A round-up: Milan to make Crespo bid Champions Milan have said they will make Chelsea an offer to sign on-loan striker Hernan Crespo.  quot;We are already in talks with Chelsea, quot; confirmed Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani.
Smith to join Redknapp at Saints New Southampton boss Harry Redknapp plans to bring Jim Smith in as his assistant in time for Saturday #39;s Premiership clash against Tottenham.
Porto Wins European/South American Cup Porto FC of Portugal won the European/South American Cup, beating Once Caldas, from Colombia, 8-7 on penalty kicks after the game, including the additional time, ended in a 0-0 draw.
Jays sign Canadian Koskie: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Blue Jays have reportedly lured Corey Koskie back to Canada. The third baseman from Anola, Man., has reached a preliminary agreement with the Jays on a three-year, \$17-million US contract, according to the Globe and Mail.
He #39;s ND #39;s darling now, but jobs at football factories are risky Maybe I #39;m out of the loop, but I don #39;t remember when it was normal for a football coach to work for two teams at the same time.
Pakistan #39;s Malik awaits results Pakistan #39;s Shoaib Malik could play in the first Test against Australia starting on Thursday as he waits for results of tests on his bowling action.
Patriots once again beasts of AFC East: Clinch title in ugly win &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Patriots stats, news steamroller has yet to meet an obstacle it can #39;t obliterate. Job-hunting coordinators. (Allegedly) vengeful running backs.
Jaguars get jump on Bears JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Byron Leftwich threw two touchdown passes and the Jacksonville defense constantly harassed Chad Hutchinson in the Jaguars #39; 22-3 victory over the injury-depleted Chicago Bears yesterday.
Israel to Leave Palestinian Cities During Election (Reuters) Reuters - Israel plans to pull troops out of\Palestinian cities for a Jan. 9 presidential election to pick a\successor to Yasser Arafat, Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz said\on Monday.
Saddam #39;s top aides end food protest: US Army The US Army said that eight of toppled Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein #39;s jailed lieutenants who were earlier refusing food had now given up their protest.
Hospital says 13 killed in suicide blast in Iraq Hospital workers say a suicide car bombing in Baghdad has killed at least 13 people and injured 15 others. Police say the car exploded while waiting in line at a gate to the Green Zone.
PNA lauds diplomatic reconciliation with Kuwait A Palestinian National Authority(PNA) senior official said Monday that the PNA welcomed a diplomatic reconciliation with Kuwait in a sign that the relations between the two sides were improving.
Turkey divided over EU entry Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan pledged yesterday to press forward with democratic reforms even if the European Union refuses to open membership talks with Turkey this week.
Former Congolese rebels block troops deployment in eastern DRC Former Congolese rebels blocked Kinshasa #39;s troops reinforcement to the border with Rwanda, according to reports on Monday. According to senior military commanders in eastern 
US, UK Made Mistake #39; in Dismantling Iraqi Army, Yawar Says The US and Britain shouldn #39;t have dismantled Iraq #39;s army after toppling Saddam Hussein, Iraqi interim President Ghazi al-Yawar said in a radio interview on the one-year anniversary of the former Iraqi dictator #39;s capture.
Group: 2 More Detainees Die in Afghanistan (AP) AP - Human Rights Watch said Monday it had uncovered two more cases of prisoners dying in American custody in Afghanistan, and it accused the Bush administration of "dragging its feet" on investigations that could have prevented the abuse of prisoners in Iraq.
Oracle Ups Its Offer and Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion The acquisition will elevate No.3-ranked Oracle to No.2, behind SAP of Germany, the world's biggest maker of business-management software.
Golden Globes names announced Jamie Foxx has three Golden Globe nominations, with Nicole Kidman and Johnny Depp also up for prizes.
Oracle seals \$10bn Peoplesoft bid Peoplesoft agrees a \$10.3bn takeover bid from rival business software firm Oracle, after an 18-month corporate battle.
Ericsson To Build China Telecom #39;s Next-Generation IP Backbone &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; STOCKHOLM, Sweden --(Business Wire)-- Dec. 10, 2004 -- Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERICY) has been awarded a contract by China Telecom Corporation Limited (China Telecom) for building its next-generation IP backbone 
Learn to locate all of those missing Apple iTunes files Q:I HAVE SOME SONGS that play fine with the iTunes program, but when I look for the song files on my hard drive, I can #39;t find them.
Powell Reaffirms Commitment of U.S. Aid (AP) AP - Ahead of his firsthand look at the tsunami's devastation, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sunday the United States has responded appropriately to what he called one of the world's greatest catastrophes.
McGrath aims at struggling top order FAST bowler Glenn McGrath has batting trumps Inzamam-ul-Haq and Yousuf Youhana in his sights and he has warned Pakistan to expect a rough ride on an old-style Perth pitch this week.
Paul Domowitch  Birds suddenly careless with ball LANDOVER, Md. - Eagles offensive coordinator Brad Childress continually preaches the importance of  quot;having respect #39; #39; for the football, and his players have done an impressive job of practicing what Childress preaches.
Tunnel bomb unleashed PALESTINIAN militants found a way around the heavy fortifications at the Israeli army post between Egypt and Gaza -- tunnelling under the base and blowing it up.
India, Pak agree to fight narco-terrorism jointly India and Pakistan on Monday agreed to jointly fight the war against narcotic and psychedelic substances quot;We have to fight the war against narcotic drugs together.
Cricket: S Africa A beat England  South Africa A complete a seven-wicket victory against England in their final warm-up before the first Test.
US retail sales up 0.1 per cent in November US retail sales in November were up 0.1 per cent from the previous month, slightly higher than expected. Sales were 7.2 per cent up on the same month last year, according to advance estimates 
Honeywell bids \$1.5B for Novar Manufacturer Honeywell International agreed Monday to a \$1.5 billion bid for Britain #39;s Novar PLC, beefing up its security business and lifting 2005 earnings towards consensus forecasts.
Tommy Hilfiger steps into Karl Lagerfeld brands PARIS (AFP) - US fashion company Tommy Hilfiger announced it had bought up clothing brands belonging to the stylist Karl Lagerfeld for an undisclosed sum.
Early market signals mixed ahead of US rate move, technology &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Early indicators were mixed for North American stock markets Monday as investors weighed the impact of an expected US interest rate hike and a \$10.3-billion-US merger in the technology sector.
Brazil #39;s CVRD CEO: Iron Ore Prices Should Rise In 2005 RIO DE JANEIRO (Dow Jones)--After jumping 9 in 2003 and 19 in 2004, iron ore prices appear likely to rise another 20 or more in 2005 as the world #39;s biggest steelmakers 
Tenet Healthcare Sees 4Q Results Below 3Q Hospital chain Tenet Healthcare Corp. said Monday that fourth-quarter results from continuing operations will fall below third-quarter levels, due to weak volumes and high bad debt expense, and forecast a slow earnings recovery in 2005.
AMD and IBM claim 24 per cent chip speed breakthrough A new faster version  #39;strained silicon #39; has been developed by IBM and AMD. The companies are claiming that the resulting transistors are up to 24 per cent faster than existing processes.
Ericsson Expands Guangdong STOCKHOLM -- Ericsson has been awarded a USD 805 million contract by Guangdong Mobile Communication Corporation Limited (Guangdong Mobile) to expand its GSM network in Guangdong Province, China.
Miller wins giant slalom BODE Miller won his fifth victory of the World Cup season in a giant slalom here today after the three men ahead of him all faltered.
Porto beats Once Caldas to win Toyota Cup European champion FC Porto won the Toyota Cup on Sunday, defeating Colombia #39;s Once Caldas 8-7 in a penalty-kick shootout in a game between the top club teams from Europe and South America.
Hinske shifts to first if Koskie signed The Blue Jays placed a phone call to Menasha, Wis., last night. As the crow flies, Menasha is about as far away from baseball #39;s winter meetings as the southernmost tip of Greenland.
Parma Sack Baldini Silvio Baldinis adventure at Parma is over as on Monday morning the Ducali announced his sacking. This was partly due to their latest defeat at Livorno which leaves the Gialloblu firmly anchored in the last places of Serie A.
India, Pak agree to fight narco-terrorism jointly: India News: New Delhi, Dec 13 : India and Pakistan on Monday agreed to jointly fight the war against narcotic and psychedelic substances.
Retail Sales Rise in November Shoppers showed a bit of cheer at the cash registers in November, boosting sales at the nation's retailers by 0.1 percent.
Oracle to Acquire PeopleSoft Business software giant Oracle Corp. announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc. after sweetening its offer by 10 percent to approximately \$10.3 billion. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Fed Seen Nudging Rates Higher &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Tim Ahmann&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve officials are\expected to nudge interest rates up on Tuesday for a fifth time\this year, another small step in a campaign to gradually lift\borrowing costs before inflation rears its head.&lt;/p&gt;
Oil fall cuts raw material costs A fall in the price of crude oil pushes UK raw material prices to their lowest level in two years, official figures show.
Mobile cash points coming soon Bank customers may soon be able to check their balances on mobile phone screens in an initiative from the Link cash machine network and Morse.
A mixed crop for battling farms FARMERS recovering from the drought of 2002-03 have received some good news and bad: the value of crop and livestock exports is forecast to rise but the price of wool is set to fall.
Coal deal fails to fill black hole driven by China #39;s insatiable demand for Australian coal - are expected to boost national export earnings by \$12.5 billion this year.
Stelmar to Be Acquired for \$1.3 Billion Stelmar Shipping Ltd. on Monday said it has agreed to be acquired by Overseas Shipholding Group Inc. for \$1.3 billion, including debt assumption.
Big Blue sells its PC division to China IBM has quit the personal computer market 23 years after legitimising the PC revolution that changed everything - from the way we work to the fortunes of Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates.
Air Force ready to test new rocket CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - The Air Force is scheduled to launch a new Delta 4 rocket here this afternoon in a test that will help determine whether it can become a  quot;heavy lift quot; vehicle to carry billion-dollar 
US retail sales remain strong in Nov Retail sales rose 0.1pc in November, for the third straight monthly increase. Auto sales declined 1.3pc in the month, after falling 0.5pc in the previous month.
SingTel signs deal with Samsung Networks to tap S. Korean market SINGAPORE : SingTel has teamed up with the South Korean conglomerate, Samsung, to tap the Korean market. Both companies have signed an agreement to distribute Internet Protocol for Virtual Private Networks services in Korea.
More Search Products Prowl for Market Share We need a search engine to find all the search engines. Two more Web-query services launched last week, Accoona and Blingo; their initial performance, however, suggests market leaders Google and Yahoo don #39;t have reason to worry yet.
Maier Says His Season Has Not Started Yet  VAL D'ISERE, France (Reuters) - As far as Hermann Maier is  concerned, the Alpine skiing season has yet to start.
Bryant Accuses Malone Of Hitting On Wife _ Another Kobe conflict for the Lakers. Bryant has accused Karl Malone of making a pass at his wife at a game last month. Talking before Los Angeles #39; 105-98 win over Orlando on Sunday night 
Treasury Investors More Bearish After Drop in Yields (Update1) Bond investors are less inclined to buy the benchmark 10-year US Treasury note after the security had its biggest weekly rally since September and before the Federal Reserve #39;s expected interest-rate increase this week.
GOLF: EUAN #39;S TITLE BID IS SUNK AT THE LAST SCOT Euan Little #39;s chase for a bumper pay packet ended in a soggy mess after a dramatic finale to golf #39;s Dunhill Championship in South Africa.
Technical Problems Scrub Delta Four Launch CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- The launch of Boeing #39;s new Delta Four heavy-lift rocket was scrubbed for a second time Sunday because of technical problems.
Retail Sales Edge Up Slightly, Cars Down  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales increased by 0.1  percent in November, the Commerce Department said on Monday,  slightly stronger than expectations, while the previous month  was revised sharply higher.
Dollar Running Out of Steam  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar lost ground against the euro  and the yen on Monday after a brief rebound last week, as  investors grew cautious ahead of U.S. data on trade, the  current account deficit and investment flows later in the week.
Stocks Seen Higher, Oracle Could Help  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set for a higher open  on Monday, helped by news business software maker Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; struck a deal to buy rival PeopleSoft Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;,  ending a bitter takeover battle.
Oil Drops on Fund Selling  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell to a fresh five-month  low on Monday as a bout of fund-led selling countered a cut to  supplies by top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia.
U.S. Stocks to Watch on Dec. 13  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Monday: ORACLE  CORP. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;, PEOPLESOFT INC. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;:
DaimlerChrysler, GM Join on Hybrids  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler and General Motors  will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against  Japanese rivals on the fuel-saving technology that reduces  harmful emissions, the companies said on Monday.
Honeywell Agrees Takeover of UK's Novar  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. manufacturer Honeywell  International agreed a \$1.5 billion trump bid for Britain's  Novar Plc on Monday to beef up its security business and lift  2005 earnings from the low end of forecasts.
BRUSSELS:  quot;No Going Back quot; In Elimination Of WTO Quotas The European Union council has officially adopted a proposal to eliminate all quantitative restrictions on the import of textile and clothing from World Trade Organisation countries from 1 January 2005.
US retail sales rise by 0.1 per cent in November, higher than &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US shoppers showed a bit of cheer at the cash registers in November, boosting sales at the country #39;s retailers by 0.1 per cent.
US Treasuries take a fall on upbeat sales data Treasuries were stripped of early gains on Monday as US retail sales data proved strong when many in the market had been betting on a weak outcome.
Denmark mourns its tsunami dead Denmark holds a national day of mourning for victims of the Asian tsunami disaster a week ago.
Maiden flight scrubbed again for Delta 4 rocket The maiden flight of Boeing #39;s new Delta 4 heavy-lift rocket is expected to be delayed until the week of Dec. 19. Sunday, for the second day in a row, the booster #39;s planned 
Catch The Shooting Stars In Tonight #39;s Meteor Shower This one is named Geminids because it seems to originate from the constellation Gemini. It will deliver about a dozen stars an hour.
Apple iTunes accepts PayPal Apple and PayPal announced on Friday that the US incarnation of the iTunes Music Store (ITMS) now accepts payment via PayPal #39;s Virtual Wallet.
Future path of Windows Server outlined Microsoft #39;s Windows Server team has issued a road map for server products in 2005, indicating no changes to the most recent projected delivery dates for the next version of Windows Server 2003 and beyond.
Lennox rules out a comeback Britain #39;s former undisputed heavyweight champion of the world retired last year after retaining his WBC title against giant Ukrainian Vitali Klitschko.
Powell warns of more Iraq attacks The US Secretary of State warns of more violence in Iraq as elections approach, after a new suicide attack.
UN 'optimistic' over aid effort The UN's emergency aid chief says he is optimistic the world will meet the challenges of the tsunami disaster.
Hamas Attack Seen As Attempt to Foil Progress Israeli helicopters targeted two buildings in the Gaza Strip overnight following a massive explosion under an Israeli army post on the border between Israel and Egypt.
Pakistan denies CIA bases in hunt for bin Laden Pakistan today denied a newspaper report the CIA has set up covert bases in the countrys remote tribal regions to hunt for Osama bin Laden.
RBC Royal Bank to refund  #36;9.2 million over banking fee billing errors (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Royal Bank is refunding about  #36;9.2 million to 152,000 customers who were charged a separate fee for a service that should have been included in their banking package fee. The refunds average about  #36;60 each.
Iraq Bomb Kills 7, Year After Saddam Capture  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber killed at least  seven Iraqis at an entrance to Baghdad's Green Zone government  and U.S. diplomatic compound on Monday, a year to the day since  U.S. forces captured Saddam Hussein.
China, Russia to Hold Military Exercise in 2005  BEIJING (Reuters) - China and Russia will hold their first  joint military exercises on Chinese territory next year, the  Interfax news agency quoted Russian Defense Minister Sergei  Ivanov as saying in Beijing on Monday.
Real to finish bomb scare match  Real Madrid and Real Socieded will play the final six minutes of their abandoned game.
Oracle, PeopleSoft LONDON (CBS.MW) -- PeopleSoft Inc. agreed Monday to be bought by Oracle Corp. for \$10.3 billion, or \$26.50 a share, an 11 percent premium to Friday #39;s stock price, ending a bitter 18-month acquisition battle.
AMD, IBM Use Strained Silicon Transistor Advancement in 2005 Engineers from IBM, AMD, Sony and Toshiba have developed a strained silicon transistor technology aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency with up to a 24 percent transistor speed increase.
WENDLER MAY HAVE SOME LSU COMPETITION Southern Illinois University Carbondale Chancellor Walter Wendler may see some tough competition if he interviews for the chancellor position at Louisiana State University.
Telescopes capture planets in the making Planet-building is dusty work, and now two space telescopes have captured images of cosmic construction materials: disks of dust circling stars about the same size as our sun.
Epic contest brings out the class It was intense and committed without any of the brutishness that Manchester United employed to stop Arsenal #39;s unbeaten run of 49 league matches in October.
Notre Dame #39;s new football coach makes debut today. A new era in Notre Dame football began at 8:42 pm Sunday as Charlie Weis whisked through the halls of the Joyce Center. Weis exited the dark blue Chevy sport utility vehicle 
Pats manage to shake off Bengals They chewed up huge chunks of yardage both in the air and on the ground. But the Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday also found out the hard way that the key to 
Rare anti-Mubarak demo in Cairo Hundreds of Egyptians defy a ban on public protests to call for an end to President Hosni Mubarak's 23-year rule.
Suspended Spain Soccer Game Rescheduled (AP) AP - The soccer game between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad that was suspended because of a bomb threat Sunday will be completed on Jan. 5.
Hello! fights against Zeta ruling Hello! magazine challenges a ruling which made them pay damages to Catherine Zeta Jones and Michael Douglas.
Oracle Ups Its Offer and Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion The world's second-largest maker of business software was created in the deal, which ended a long and hostile battle.
Golden Globe Nominations Are Announced "Sideways" led Golden Globe contenders today with seven nominations, including best musical or comedy film, three acting nominations and best director.
Car Bomb Kills 11, Wounds 13 in Baghdad A powerful car bomb exploded near an entrance to Baghdad's fortified Green Zone Monday morning, killing 11 Iraqis and wounding at least 13 people, according to officials at nearby Yarmouk Hospital.
Nastase Concedes Defeat in Romanian Presidential Election Prime Minister Adrian Nastase said Monday he had conceded defeat in Romania's presidential runoff in a telephone call to opponent Traian Basescu, whom he called "the future president of Romania."
Attack on Israeli Army Post Kills 4 Palestinians detonated a massive bomb underneath an Israeli military checkpoint on the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt late Sunday afternoon, killing at least four Israeli soldiers and wounding eight others, Israeli military officials and Palestinian militants said.
PeopleSoft accepts latest Oracle offer Oracle Corp. #39;s 18-month struggle to gain control of PeopleSoft Inc. drew to a close this morning when PeopleSoft #39;s board agreed to a new \$10.3 billion takeover offer.
Mustard-hot Frankfurt Werner Seiffert, the chief executive of the Deutsche Brse, the German stock market, has made little secret of his determination to expand into London.
Honeywell Agrees Takeover of UK #39;s Novar US manufacturer Honeywell International agreed a \$1.5 billion trump bid for Britain #39;s Novar Plc on Monday to beef up its security business and lift 2005 earnings from the low end of forecasts.
More Pain Coming at Tenet Tenet (THC:NYSE - news - research) continued to test the nerves of its daring shareholder corps Monday, predicting a wider-than-expected fourth quarter loss, a billion-dollar writedown and another weak year in 2005.
Japan jumps on Sony #39;s PSP Game fans stood in lines through a chilly Tokyo night to be among the first in the world to get their hands on Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable, the consumer electronics giant #39;s first handheld game machine.
Semiconductor Breakthrough: Processor 24 times faster Your processor can now run 24 faster at the same power levels based on the new strained silicon transistor technology, as claimed by IBM and AMD today.
Geminid meteor showers alarm area residents It #39;s a global celestial event and scientists say the annual Geminid Meteor Shower is the best astronomy show of the year. NASA #39;s Web site explains that the shower is created as Earth moves through a cloud 
Put us together again HARRY REDKNAPP aims to install Jim Smith as his assistant before Southampton face Tottenham next Saturday. Redknapp was unveiled as Saints boss last week - just a fortnight after leaving south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
Eagles prove toughness with ugly win LANDOVER, Md. - Clinton Portis dived into the end zone with 12 minutes yet to bleed away on the game clock Sunday night, and now we would learn from what sort of stuff these Eagles are made.
Pak says India paranoid on F-16 Islamabad: Pakistan on Monday accused India of being  quot;paranoid quot; over its efforts to secure F-16 fighter aircraft and other weaponry from the US but said this would not have any bearing on nuclear and conventional confidence building measure talks between 
What's That Smell, Autobytel? The online auto marketer hits a rough patch in the road, deflating its profit outlook.
XM and Sirius Stream On Satellite radio wins the market's straw poll by landing its two key players into the Nasdaq-100 Composite.
Stocks Surge on Oracle, PeopleSoft Merger Investors welcomed the end of Oracle Corp. #39;s 18-month battle to take over PeopleSoft Inc., pushing stocks higher Monday. A better-than-expected survey of retail sales also helped the markets.
Deutsche Boerse Bids \$2.6 Billion for London Exchange (Update2) Deutsche Boerse AG, Europe #39;s largest stock exchange by market value, made a 1.35 billion-pound (\$2.6 billion) takeover offer for London Stock Exchange Plc, its second attempt in five years to buy the UK company.
Cardinal Grounded by Job Cuts Cardinal Health (CAH:NYSE - news - research) was grounded once again Monday after the struggling health care supplier laid out plans to cut 4,200 jobs.
IBM sale not to hit Indian mart The acquisition of IBM #39;s personal computing division by China #39;s Lenovo Group is seen having little impact on the Indian market in the short- or medium-term, analysts and industry officials said.
Retail Sales Squeeze Out Gain November sales data raised retailers #39; spirits Monday, as the government reported better results than expected after the holiday season had so far been viewed with some disappointment.
Attendance at Theme Parks Increases Attendance at North America #39;s 50 most popular theme and amusement parks jumped almost 4 percent in 2004, the first overall increase since the 2001 terrorist attacks slowed the US travel and tourism industry.
Bank warns of soaring debt Soaring household debt and the rise in credit card spending has left Briton #39;s borrowers teetering on the brink of a precipice when it comes to the amount they owe, the Bank of England has warned.
NASA Head OKeefe--Louisiana Bound? Louisiana State University may be the next stop for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Chief Administrator, Sean OKeefe, 48 years old.
Penn State encourages students to dump IE Penn State, a public university with an enrollment of about 80,000 students, has made its browser choice, or at least a recommendation on which one not to use.
Monkeys ape human enterprise LONDON, Dec. 11. - Monkeys use tools to dig up roots, crack seeds and dig insects from holes in trees, scientists have found, contradicting the traditional idea that humans are natures only toolmakers.
Madrid to finish bomb hoax match MADRID (AFP) - Real Madrid and Real Sociedad will play out the remaining six minutes of Sunday #39;s match, which was interrupted by a bomb hoax purporting to come from ETA, on January 5. The clubs were drawing 1-1 when police evacuated 70,000 spectators.
13 Dec, 2004 - Miller wins Val d #39;Isere Giant Slalom Hermann Maier faltered to give Bode Miller victory in the men #39;s Giant Slalom at Val d #39;Isre on Sunday. Maier had led after the first leg but, along with fellow Austrian #39;s Gruber and Raich, stuttered on the 
49ers/Cardinals Box Score 49ers -- Wilson 19 pass from Dorsey (Peterson kick), 13:41. Drive: 11 plays, 75 yards, 6:05. Dorsey 1-yard run on 4th-and-1 to San Francisco 35; Hicks 15-yard run to 50; Jackson 11-yard run to Arizona 19.
TURKEY AND THE EU A Sultan Looks West This week, as EU heads of state meet to decide the fate of Turkey #39;s candidacy for EU membership, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan will be preparing his own run for the Turkish presidency.
North Korea denies defection of generals December 14, 2004  A North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman has denied an International Herald Tribune report that hundreds of the country #39;s generals defected to China.
DaimlerChrysler, GM to Team Up on Engines (AP) AP - General Motors Corp. and DaimlerChrysler AG, two of the world's biggest automakers, are teaming up to develop fuel-saving hybrid technology for a range of vehicles that will help them compete with hybrid-vehicle leaders Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Motor Co.
Japan Bank Exec: Economic Dip Is Temporary (AP) AP - The head of Japan's central bank acknowledged Monday that the pace of economic recovery here may be slowing, but said the downturn is only temporary.
US Stocks Rise on Oracle #39;s PeopleSoft Purchase, Retail Sales US stocks gained after PeopleSoft Inc. agreed to be bought by Oracle Corp. and Honeywell International Inc. made a UK purchase, signaling that companies are optimistic about the economy #39;s prospects.
London Stock Exchange rejects German takeover bid The London Stock Exchange said Monday that it had rejected a fresh takeover proposal from German rival Deutsche Boerse but has agreed to further talks.
US retail sales up 0.1 percent in November Retail sales in the United States increased by a modest 0.1 percent in November following a revised gain of 0.8 percent in October, the Commerce Department reported on Monday.
Theme Park Attendance Increases, Reversing Two-Year Decline ORLANDO, Fla. -- Attendance at North America #39;s 50 most popular theme and amusement parks jumped almost 4 percent in 2004, the first overall increase since the 2001 terrorist attacks slowed the US travel and tourism industry.
Bayer Sells Plasma Unit to US Investors BERLIN - Bayer AG, the German drug and chemical company, has agreed to sell its plasma products business for \$590 million in cash and stock to the private US investment groups Cerberus Capital Management and Ampersand Ventures.
IBM, AMD speed chips p2pnet.net News:- AMD and IBM say theyve developed a unique technology that results in up to a 24 transistor speed increase at the same power levels as similar transistors made without it.
Yahoo! to get its own desktop search tool After the launch of Google #39;s new desktop search tool, it was only a matter of time before other search engines followed suit. Yahoo!
Raiders Insider Atlanta running back TJ Duckett set a team record with four rushing touchdowns to help the Falcons clinch their third division title in franchise history.
Dissolving army  #39;a mistake #39; London - Iraqi interim President Ghazi al-Yawar said on Monday the US-led coalition authorities had made a big mistake by dismantling the country #39;s armed forces and main government ministries after toppling Saddam Hussein from power.
US retail sales climb 0.1 percent in November (AFP) AFP - US retail sales rose 0.1 percent in November, a better than expected start to the crucial holiday shopping season, seasonally adjusted government figures showed.
Oracle signs deal to buy PeopleSoft for \$10.3B DECEMBER 13, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Oracle Corp. has signed a definitive agreement to acquire PeopleSoft Inc. for \$26.50 per share, or about \$10.3 billion, the companies said today, ending an acrimonious 
OPEC to Cut Supply in Bid to Set Price The Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) agreed on Friday to cut the supply of oil to world markets and defend higher prices in spite of concern about the effect of \$40-a-barrel oil would have on economies, businesses and households.
Stocks Seen Slightly Higher, Oil Slips US stocks were set to open slightly higher on Monday, helped by another retreat in oil prices, while business software maker Oracle Corp.
Does Geico Own  #39;Geico #39; or Does Google? NEW YORK - Geico doesn #39;t mind you Googling Geico, but when you do, it wants Google to tell you about Geico, not Allstate or AIG.
Tommy Hilfiger Agrees to Acquire Karl Lagerfeld Label (Update2) Tommy Hilfiger Corp., known for its logo-splashed clothing and baggy jeans, agreed to buy the Karl Lagerfeld label to expand into luxury wear with apparel brands developed by the German-born designer.
Waste Management Sells Canadian Landfill Waste Management Inc. on Monday said its Canadian subsidiary will sell a landfill in Chatham, Ontario to BFI Canada Income Fund in a deal worth up to \$90 million.
Bank of England warns on currency Uncertainty about future foreign exchange moves and what impact they might have on interest rates and asset prices is one possible risk to a stable outlook for the financial system, the Bank of England said on Monday.
MFORMA, Marvel, Activision in Mobile Entertainment Alliance MFORMA Group and Marvel Enterprises announced that the companies will bring content based on Marvel #39;s brands to mobile phone users.
Saturian Titian Flyby But Hours Away The Cassini spacecraft is but hours away from a second flyby of the Saturian moon Titan set for Monday , December 13 with the closest approach image data arriving at about 8 PM.
Klitschko unimpressed by Lewis comeback hint By Anthony Evans in Las Vegas pic by Mr Will : WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko has welcomed the news that bitter rival Lennox Lewis is considering a comeback with derision.
China, Russia Will Hold First War Games China and Russia will hold their first joint military exercise next year, the Chinese government said Monday, as President Hu Jintao called for an expansion of the rapidly growing alliance between the former Cold War rivals.
IFOP: French and Germans are against Turkey #39;s EU Membership The French Institute of Public Opinion (IFOP) announced that the majority of the public in France and Germany were definitely against Turkey #39;s European Union (EU) membership.
Phishing Scams Continue to Grow (PC World) PC World - After a drop off earlier this fall, more fraudulent Web sites are popping up.
Motorola Gets Orders From China Unicom (AP) AP - Motorola Inc. has been selected to provide a  #36;344 million expansion to a wireless network run by China United Telecommunications Corp., or China Unicom, one of the largest network operators in the world.
Stocks Surge on Oracle, PeopleSoft Merger (AP) AP - Investors welcomed the end of Oracle Corp.'s 18-month battle to take over PeopleSoft Inc., pushing stocks higher Monday. A better-than-expected survey of retail sales also helped the markets.
Icelandic Tin Bath Could Give Earthquake Warnings (Reuters) Reuters - A tin bath on the cliffs of\northern Iceland, where locals take a dip to treat skin\complaints, could help scientists give an early warning of big\earthquakes and save thousands of lives.
Endangered Whooping Cranes Arrive in Fla. (AP) AP - Thirteen endangered whooping cranes landed safely at a west-central Florida wildlife refuge Sunday morning, finishing a 64-day, 1,200-mile journey from Wisconsin to their wintering grounds.
Egypt Unveils 2,500-Year-Old Tomb, Mummies (AP) AP - Archaeologists unveiled Sunday the tomb of a member of a powerful family that governed a swath of western Egypt about 2,500 years ago, along with a dozen recently discovered mummies from Roman times.
Triathlete Out 2 Years Nina Kraft is banned for two years by the German Triathlon Union on Monday after admitting taking a performance-enhancing drug EPO before the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship.
Bomb Hits Iraq Govt., Year After Saddam Capture  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber killed at least  seven Iraqis at an entrance to Baghdad's government and  diplomatic compound on Monday, a year to the day since U.S.  forces captured Saddam Hussein.
Cingular Sells Stake of India Carrier for \$200 Million Cingular, jointly owned by BellSouth and SBC Communications, said the buyers are Singapore Technologies Telemedia and TM International of Malaysia.
Canada #39;s Bombardier Fires CEO Tellier Canadian trains and planes manufacturer Bombardier Inc. fired its chief executive officer on Monday and its share price dropped to record lows.
Tenet Says 4th-Quarter Loss to Widen From 3rd Quarter (Update2) Tenet Healthcare Corp., the second- largest US hospital chain, said fourth-quarter charges may exceed \$1 billion and its loss from continuing operations will widen from the third quarter #39;s because of increased bad debt.
Bayer Sells Blood Products Unit \$590 Mln Germany #39;s Bayer has agreed to sell its blood products business to US investment firms Cerberus and Ampersand Ventures for about \$590 million as it continues to narrow the focus of its health-care business.
Delta 4 Liftoff Delayed For At Least Week CAPE CANAVERAL -- Weather and technical conflicts scrapped three planned attempts this weekend to launch the first Delta 4 Heavy from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, according to a report.
Yahoo! To Roll Out Desktop Search Late last week, Yahoo! Inc. said it will begin testing a new desktop search engine in early January, with the hope of extending its search engine #39;s reach, thereby contributing added, incremental paid search revenue.
RUSSIA * CHINA * EU * ARMAMENTS * SUPPLY BEIJING, December 13 (RIA Novosti) - Russia is not concerned about the possible lifting of the embargo on the supply of armaments to China from the EU countries, announced Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov at a press conference in Beijing.
Ethical fair trade - you knew it made sense until MS embraced it Redefining confronting your weaknesses head-on
ATI Radeon Xpress 200G reference board &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Quite a tempting package?
Wi-Fi extensions should breathe new life into 802.11a Extension ratified for Japanese and US public safety band
IBM, AMD Speed Chips by Straining Silicon Wafers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Researchers at IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Advanced Micro Devices Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; have improved a chip-making  technology called strained silicon, boosting  semiconductor  performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to  come by, the companies said on Sunday.
Oracle Softens up PeopleSoft Larry Ellison might not wear a red suit and a white beard, but he sure knows how to deliver the goods for his investors. Next stop after the PeopleSoft acquisition? Germany, the home base of rival SAP. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
A Drive to Bring More Entertainment to Vehicles Samer Salameh envisions a world in which you can videoconference, check and send e-mail, watch your favorite television shows, make online reservations at your favorite restaurant and pinpoint the best route around a traffic jam -- all from the comfort of your moving vehicle.
Storage Hardware Thomson To Support Both HD DVD and Blu-ray Thomson #39;s Technicolor subsidiary will provide duplication services for both HD DVD and Blu-ray formats, based on customer preference, the company says.
Use PayPal on iTunes - Get Five Fre PayPal has launched a new promotion offering five free tracks from the iTunes Music Store. You can now use PayPal to securely and easily buy music from the massive iTunes catalogue, including lots of exclusive tracks and videos.
Redknapp wants Smith reunion Harry Redknapp has confirmed that he wants to appoint Jim Smith as his assistant manager at Southampton. The pair worked together at Portsmouth for more than two years before they left the club last month 
Pats keep a-rollin #39; Tom Brady threw for two touchdowns as the New England Patriots held off the visiting Cincinnati Bengals for a 35-to-28 victory Sunday.
Retired General Brings Military Expertise to  Firm's Contract Unit HNTB Cos.  has recruited retired Gen. Barry McCaffrey, the former commander of the U.S. Southern Command, to serve as non-executive chairman of its federal government operation in Washington.
Anteon to Develop Army Training Video Anteon International Corp. has won a \$10 million subcontract from Lockheed Martin Corp. to develop a video system for the Army to use in its urban warfare training.
AOL Creates Its Own Browsing Software As part of its reincarnation, America Online Inc. is creating its own software for browsing the Web and playing movies and songs. It's a question of staying relevant in an increasingly broadband world.
PeopleSoft Relents, Agrees to Oracle Bid  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday agreed to a  sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker Oracle  Corp., relenting after a bitter, 18-month takeover saga marked  by personal insults, courtroom battles and the ouster of  PeopleSoft's chief executive.
Nov Retail Sales Edge Up as Car Sales Dip  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales rose 0.1 percent  in November, the Commerce Department said on Monday in a  stronger-than-expected report that cemented views the Federal  Reserve will raise interest rates again this week.
Robin makes rare Christmas visit A rare species of robin settles in for its first winter in Scotland after being spotted on a reserve in Aberdeenshire.
Space agency chief 'to resign' The head of the US space agency Nasa Sean O'Keefe is preparing to resign, according to reports.
Bombardier CEO Resigns, Shares Plunge  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Paul Tellier resigned as president and  chief executive of train and plane maker Bombardier Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDsvb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDsvb.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDb.TO&lt;/A&gt;, a year before his contract was to  expire, the company said on Monday.
Tenet: '05 Results Won't Exceed Breakeven  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tenet Healthcare Corp. on Monday said  fourth-quarter charges could exceed \$1 billion and it does not  expect 2005 operating results to exceed breakeven as the  hospital operator struggles with fewer patients and bad debt.
Blind man 'sees' emotions Scientists at Bangor University believe a blind man possesses a "sixth sense" that allows him to recognise sad faces.
3Com to Buy TippingPoint for \$430 Mln  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3Com Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COMS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COMS.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it  will buy network security firm TippingPoint Technologies Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TPTI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TPTI.O&lt;/A&gt; for about \$430 million, as 3Com expands its  telecommunications equipment offerings to compete better in the  market for large corporate users.
Nov Retail Sales Edge Up as Car Sales Dip (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retail sales rose 0.1 percent\in November, the Commerce Department said on Monday in a\stronger-than-expected report that cemented views the Federal\Reserve will raise interest rates again this week.
SEC Won't Punish Global Crossing Founder (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. regulators have decided against\filing civil charges against Global Crossing Ltd. \founder Gary Winnick following a probe of its accounting\practices, his attorney said on Monday.
Supreme Court Limits Pollution Cleanup Lawsuits The Supreme Court on Monday put restrictions on companies that want to voluntarily clean up their polluted land and sue former owners to share the costs.
Update: Oracle to buy PeopleSoft for \$10.3B Oracle has signed a definitive agreement to acquire PeopleSoftfor \$26.50 per share, or approximately \$10.3 billion, the companies said Monday, ending an acrimonious takeover battle that has lasted for more than 18 months.
Siemens to decide fate of mobile phone unit in January German electronics giant Siemens could decide on the future of its mobile phone manufacturing division as early as next month, a company spokesman said.
IBM, AMD develop new use of strained silicon IBM and Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies are expected to announce Monday.
Phishing Scams Continue to Grow After a drop off earlier this fall, more fraudulent Web sites are popping up.
Congress Fails to Act on Copyright Bills Controversial bills proposed new penalties (including jail time) for copyright violations.
11am Markets Update European stock markets rose this morning, amid news that the Frankfurt and London stock exchanges were considering a possible link.
Canada Confirms Second Mad Cow Case  WINNIPEG, Manitoba (Reuters) - A final laboratory test has  confirmed an Alberta dairy cow had mad cow disease, the second  case Canada has found in its herd, an industry source briefed  by veterinary officials said on Sunday.
Bombardier Board Ousts Chief Executive Paul Tellier (Update2) Bombardier Inc., the world #39;s top maker of train equipment, ousted Chief Executive Officer Paul Tellier after the company #39;s market value dropped by two-thirds since he was hired two years 
Jaguar Workers Vote Against Strike Fifty-five percent of workers voted against strikes, in a ballot that drew participation by 77 percent of the 1,300 eligible employees.
Tenet:  #39;05 Results Won #39;t Exceed Breakeven Tenet Healthcare Corp. on Monday said fourth-quarter charges could exceed \$1 billion and it does not expect 2005 operating results to exceed breakeven as the hospital operator struggles with fewer patients and bad debt.
SEC Won #39;t Punish Global Crossing Founder US regulators have decided against filing civil charges against Global Crossing Ltd. (GLBC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) founder Gary Winnick following a probe of its accounting practices, his attorney said on Monday.
Court Case Pits Google and Geico A FEDERAL judge in Alexandria, Va., will hear opening arguments today in a case that pits Geico against Google. Geico, the auto insurer owned by Berkshire Hathaway, sued Google in May for trademark infringement.
Microsoft #39;s  quot;Broader quot; Search Strategy The Seattle Times article: MSN search engine has foot in door, takes a close look at how a search box in MSN Messenger 7.0 might reveal clues about MSN #39;s  quot;broader strategy in the search business.
Schwartzel has a very bright future He is so young and so good that the mere sight of him hitting a golf ball might be enough to induce an older player to give up, go into a dark room and babble quietly to himself.
Irish and Huskies set to announce new coaches Two major schools are expected to introduce their new head football coaches Monday, Notre Dame and Washington. Two weeks ago, Tyrone Willingham was fired as head coach at Notre Dame and Monday 
Indiana nets title again After the 1989 men #39;s soccer finalists were declared co-champions when the game couldn #39;t be settled in overtime, the NCAA instituted a penalty shootout following a set amount of extra time.
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Sunday, Jan. 2, 2005, at least 1,329 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 1,042 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
Pregnant fan got too close 1. Pregnant fan sneaks into security area to be closer to Shah Rukh Khan as he performs, while fireworks go off. 2. Grenade thrown towards stage but lands in security area, killing pregnant fan.
UN calls for immediate end to Congo fighting The United Nations called on Monday for an immediate ceasefire in eastern Congo as fighting between rival army factions flared for a third day.
Blast rips through Syrian capital A suspected car bomb has exploded in a diplomatic quarter of Damascus wounding two people, Syrian officials say. The car was quickly removed by security teams who collected debris on the street in the Mazze area, reports said.
Chinese official moved as Hu consolidates power China #39;s Communist Party chief Hu Jintao moved a close political ally out of a problem-plauged province on Monday and analysts say he will make more personnel changes as he continues to consolidate power.
Ukraine Leader: U.S. Meddled in Election (AP) AP - Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych accused the United States on Monday of meddling in Ukraine's internal affairs, claiming the Americans have financed his opponent's presidential campaign.
UN Calls for Immediate End to Congo Fighting (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations called on Monday\for an immediate cease-fire in eastern Congo as fighting\between rival army factions flared for a third day.
Bomb Hits Iraq Govt., Year After Saddam Capture  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber killed at least  seven Iraqis outside Baghdad's government compound on Monday, a  year to the day since U.S. forces captured Saddam Hussein.
Blast Destroys Car in Damascus, Wounds Passerby  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - A suspected bomb blew up in a car in a  crowded district of Damascus on Monday, destroying the vehicle  and slightly wounding a passerby, residents said.
Romanians Elect Reformist Centrist as President  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian opposition leader Traian  Basescu won a tight presidential election on Monday and vowed  to usher in a centrist government to end the ex-communist  left's hold on power and take the country into the EU in 2007.
OracleSoft At Last This morning, Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) announced double-digit gains in sales, net income, and per-share earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2005, plus a definitive agreement to acquire business 
OPEC cuts oil production to hold prices The oil producing OPEC cartel Monday began reducing its oil output to maintain prices around current levels, the Wall Street Journal reported.
3Com To Buy TippingPoint for \$340 Million Security firm will operate as a division of 3Com; deal expected to close next year. By Networking Pipeline News. 3Com has signed an agreement to purchase the security company TippingPoint for \$340 million.
Cardinal shakeup to cut jobs, improve profit Cardinal Health Inc. will cut 4,200 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force, as part of a three-year restructuring plan outlined Monday by the Central Ohio health-care products and services provider.
US Shipper Buys Stelmar for \$843 Mln Greek shipping company Stelmar Shipping Ltd. (SJH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday agreed to be acquired by shipbuilder Overseas Shipholding Group Inc.
Auto Workers Strike Before Fiat Meeting Some of Fiat #39;s auto workers struck for two hours Monday, a day ahead of a top-executive meeting that could determine whether Fiat SpA insists on an option to force General Motors Corp.
NFL Wrap: Rams Join Jets in Playoffs with OT Victory  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jeff Wilkens booted a clutch 31-yard  field goal to earn the St. Louis Rams a playoff berth with a  32-29 overtime victory over the New York Jets on Sunday as the  NFL postseason picture gained sharper focus.
IBM, AMD develop new use of strained silicon DECEMBER 13, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. announced today that they have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors.
O High-Def DVD Format, Where Art Thou? Punches continue to be thrown in the fight over which next-generation DVD format will be established as the industry standard. (And there will be an industry standard, right corporate bigwigs?
Firefox gains hints browser wars may heat up Washington - The Internet browser wars, dormant for several years, shows signs of heating up again as a result of gains from a new program called Firefox, a research report showed on Monday.
Microsoft MSN Desktop Search Out Today? Microsofts MSN division will be holding a teleconference today at 1 pm EST to announce their newest addition to the MSN network.
Microsoft Updates Windows Server Roadmap: No WinFS for You On Friday, Microsoft alerted me to sweeping changes in the Windows Server roadmap, an update of sorts to the information that Microsoft Senior Vice President Bob Muglia gave me during an interview in May.
Soccer: Gunners held at Highbury the knockout blows on Judgment Day were restricted to Las Vegas as the capital #39;s contenders slugged themselves to a stalemate at Highbury.
 #39;Kick up the backside for England, #39; says Vaughan after loss POTCHEFSTROOM, South Africa (AFP) - England captain Michael Vaughan admitted his team had received a  quot;kick up the backside quot; when they crashed to a seven-wicket defeat against South Africa A at Sedgars Park.
Turnovers cost Bengals in tough loss To beat the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots anywhere, let alone at Gillette Stadium, it takes a spotless effort.
Hollywood Story wins Bayakoa Handicap George Krikorian shows pictures at his eponymous movie theaters, but for the longest time, neither his best runner, Hollywood Story, nor his trainer, John Shirreffs, got their picture taken.
Palestinians not doing enough, says Sharon Israel accused the Palestinian authorities on Monday of doing nothing to prevent attacks after five soldiers were killed in the deadliest assault since the death of Yasser Arafat more than a month ago.
Poe condition turns for worst , Carlito Pablo. Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A1 of the Dec. 14, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. HIS PASS was good for three hours but former President 
Hamas Member Escapes Damascus Bomb Blast A member of the Palestinian militant group Hamas escaped unhurt on Monday when a bomb blew up his car in the Syrian capital Damascus, a Palestinian source said.
Italian police accused of beating protesters to stand trial GENOA, ITALY - More than two dozen Italian police officers accused of beating protesters at the G-8 summit in Genoa must stand trial, a judge has ruled.
Cyprus wants Turkish  #39;normalisation #39; move by next March: FM BRUSSELS, Dec 13 (AFP) - Cyprus wants Turkey to demonstrate willingness to normalize its relations with the Cypriot government before an EU summit next March, Cypriot Foreign Minister George Iacovou said Monday.
Bombardier chief executive Tellier quits MONTREAL - Paul Tellier stepped down as as president and chief executive of Bombardier Inc., sending the train and plane maker #39;s shares down as much as 26 percent to a 10-year low on Monday.
Overseas Shipholding to buy Stelmar for \$843 mln Greek shipping Stelmar Shipping Ltd. (SJH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it agreed to be acquired by shipbuilder Overseas Shipholding Group Inc.
Some auto workers strike on eve of top Fiat-GM meeting ROME Some of Fiat #39;s auto workers struck for two hours a day ahead of a top-executive meeting. Tomorrow #39;s meeting could determine whether Fiat insists on an option to force General Motors to buy the struggling Italian auto group.
Test Confirms Second Canada Mad Cow Case  WINNIPEG, Manitoba (Reuters) - A final laboratory test has  confirmed an Alberta dairy cow had mad cow disease, the second  case Canada has found in its herd, an industry source briefed  by veterinary officials said on Sunday.
Chile Judge Charges Pinochet in Rights Case (Reuters) Reuters - A Chilean judge on Monday\formally charged former dictator Agusto Pinochet with homicide\and kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to human\rights abuses committed during his 17-year rule.
Oracle Finally Snags PeopleSoft After 18 months of rancor, Oracle makes PeopleSoft an offer it can't refuse.  Also: IBM, AMD find ways to boost the performance of silicon chips   hellip;.  Survey ranks the most IT savvy countries; U.S. slips to 7th place   hellip;. and more.
Volkswagen to Open Assembly Plant in UAE (AP) AP - German carmaker Volkswagen AG will begin assembling heavy trucks in the United Arab Emirates beginning in 2006, a spokesman said Monday.
Warriors Place Fisher on Injured List (Reuters) Reuters - The Golden State\Warriors have placed guard Derek Fisher on the injured list\with a sprained right knee.
Judge Indicts Chile's Ex-Dictator Pinochet (AP) AP - Gen. Augusto Pinochet was indicted Monday for the kidnapping of nine dissidents and the killing of one of them during his 1973-90 regime, and the former dictator was placed under house arrest.
College Sports TV Gets Cable Deals (AP) AP - College Sports Television announced distribution deals with cable operators Cox and Charter Communications on Monday that could make the channel available in more than 65 million households.
Andy Roddick Fires Coach Brad Gilbert (AP) AP - Andy Roddick fired coach Brad Gilbert this weekend after 1 1/2 years together that yielded a U.S. Open title and the No. 1 ranking.
Protesters Urge Delay for Ohio Electors (AP) AP - Congressional Democrats and dissident groups asked the Ohio Supreme Court on Monday to review the outcome of the state's presidential race, hours before the Ohio delegation to the Electoral College was to cast ballots for president and vice president.
Hamas Member Escapes Damascus Bomb Blast  BEIRUT (Reuters) - A member of the Palestinian militant  group Hamas escaped unhurt on Monday when a bomb blew up his  car in the Syrian capital Damascus, a Palestinian source said.
Jacuzzi A Little Too Soggy For a small cap, Jacuzzi has a megabrand. But it's probably not enough to excite investors.
OracleSoft At Last Oracle announces a blowout quarter and a deal for PeopleSoft at \$26.50 per share.
Which Medications Are Your Best Bets? Consumer Reports' effort to rate drugs offers a lesson to pharmaceutical companies.
Ford Fumbles First Hybrid SUV At the worst possible moment, Ford announces the worst possible recall.
European Shares Edge Upwards European shares edged higher on Monday bolstered by reassuring comments from UK bank Lloyds TSB on its earnings expectations for this year.
Jaguar Workers Reject Strike Action Jaguar workers have voted against striking in protest at the ending of car production at their historic factory in Coventry, it was announced today.
Cardinal Health Plans to Slash 4,200 Jobs Cardinal Health Inc., a medical products and services company, plans to cut 4,200 jobs, or about 7 percent of its work force, and close 25 offices as part of a three-year restructuring plan, the company said Monday.
SEC Drops Winnick Charges From Global Crossing Pact, People Say US Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman William Donaldson rejected a staff proposal to sanction Gary Winnick as part of a settlement with Global Crossing Ltd.
Robert Laberge/Getty Images 1. According to published reports, the source of the recent feud between Kobe Bryant and Karl Malone is that Kobe is accusing the Mailman of making a pass at his wife, Vanessa, at a Lakers game last month.
Koskie, Blue Jays reach preliminary agreement on \$17 million deal Third baseman Corey Koskie plans to leave the Minnesota Twins for Toronto. Koskie and the Blue Jays reached a preliminary agreement last night on a 17 (m) million dollar, three-year contract.
Chile #39;s Pinochet Charged in Plot to Kill Opponents, Court Says Augusto Pinochet, the former Chilean dictator, was indicted on charges that he took part in a plot by Latin American military regimes to kill opponents in the 1970s.
The PeopleSoft vs. Oracle story A Register History The tale of Oracle #39;s attempt to buy Peoplesoft is a story of Larry Ellison #39;s relentless pursuit of his target in the face of implacable hostility from the PeopleSoft board.
London Stock Exchange rejects German takeover bid The London Stock Exchange today rejected a 1.35bn takeover approach from German rival Deutsche Brse, but held open the prospect of further talks.
Paul Tellier dismissed as chief executive of Bombardier MONTREAL (CP) - Paul Tellier was dismissed as president and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. on Monday in a bombshell announcement that drove down the company #39;s stock to a record low.
Hilfiger to acquire Lagerfeld brands Tommy Hilfiger Corp. announced Monday that it has reached an agreement to purchase German designer Karl Lagerfelds brands for an undisclosed cash amount.
Strained silicon to accelerate transistors by 24 percent AMD and IBM have developed a strained silicon transistor technology which the firms believe will dramatically increase processor performance.
The Geminid Meteor Shower The 2004 Geminid meteor shower is underway. Midnight sky watchers this weekend sawbright meteors shooting out of the constellation Geminid--at least a few per hour.
Un-Weis Planning GameNight: Bob Davie says  quot;not intelligent quot; scheduling may have been the Irish #39;s downfall. And things don #39;t get easier the next few years.
Bashed by the Bus Comparing the Jets #39; 17-6 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday to their loss to the New England Patriots seven weeks ago is like comparing a torn ligament to a broken bone.
Hollywood Story rallies from fourth to win at Hollywood Park Hollywood Story rallied from fourth turning for home to post a one-length victory Sunday over Royally Chosen in the \$150,000 Bayakoa Handicap at Hollywood Park.
EU to lift textiles quotas from next January The European Union (EU) said Monday it would eliminate from January 1, 2005 all quantitative restrictions on the import of textile and clothing products from World Trade Organization (WTO) member countries.
3Com to Buy TippingPoint in Cash Deal Networking hardware and software maker 3Com Corp. said Monday that it agreed to buy TippingPoint Technologies Inc. for \$430 million in cash in a move to strengthen its security offerings for business customers.
Such incidents won #39;t deter me: Shahrukh Hours after a bomb ripped through his concert at Colombo, Shah Rukh Khan, who returned to Mumbai with his team mates, said the incident will not deter him from holding similar shows.
Croatia Presidential Race Goes Into Second Round  ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatia's pro-Western President Stjepan  Mesic narrowly failed to win re-election on Sunday, paving the  way for a second round run-off against the candidate of the  ruling conservative government.
Car explodes in  quot;act of sabotage quot; in Damascus DAMASCUS, Dec 13 (AFP) - A car belonging to a Palestinian exploded in a residential district of Damascus on Monday, in what the Syrian authorities said was an  quot;act of sabotage.
Twenty-eight police to stand trial for G8 violence A judge today ordered 28 police officers to stand trial for their alleged brutality in a raid against anti-globalisation protesters during the 2001 Group of Eight summit in Genoa, news reports said.
Cassini Express Pays Second Visit to Saturn #39;s Mystery Moon Launched in 1997, the Cassini Huygens mission is a cooperative US\$3.27 billion venture between NASA, the European Space Agency (ESA) and Italy #39;s space agency.
UPDATE 1-Celtic regain Premier League lead Celtic ditched Dunfermline 2-0 at East End Park on Sunday to reclaim top slot in the Scottish Premier League. Their bitter Glasgow rivals Rangers had gone top 
No. 14 Arizona Defeats Arizona St. 97-79 (AP) AP - Salim Stoudamire had 15 of his 18 points in the second half, helping No. 14 Arizona turn a close game into a 97-79 rout of Arizona State in their Pac-10 opener Sunday.
Chinese-Made Cars to Be Sold in U.S. (AP) AP - The man who brought the Yugo and Subaru to this country has a new project  #151; becoming the first mass importer of low-cost Chinese-made cars.
Area Marine aids in Fallujah restoration What once was the thriving Iraqi city of Fallujah now is a virtual ghost town of bombed-out buildings and piles of rubble. Nearly five weeks after the fight for the city began, a fight in which more than 50 
Blast Destroys Car in Damascus, Wounds Passerby A suspected bomb blew up in a car in a crowded district of Damascus on Monday, destroying the vehicle and slightly wounding a passerby, residents said.
CST Signs Deals College Sports Television announced distribution deals with cable operators Cox and Charter Communications on Monday.
Bombardier CEO Quits, Shares Plunge  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Paul Tellier stepped down as president  and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDsvb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDsvb.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDb.TO&lt;/A&gt;,  sending the train and plane maker's shares down as much as 26  percent to a 10-year low on Monday.
SEC Won't Punish Global Crossing Founder  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators have decided against  filing civil charges against Global Crossing Ltd. founder Gary  Winnick following a probe of its accounting practices, his  attorney said on Monday.
Stocks Higher on Retail Data, Mergers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday following a  pickup in merger activity in the software and telecom sectors  and better-than-expected retail sales in November, which  signaled an uptick in consumer spending.
Vintner Chalone Spurns Rothchild,Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Chalone Wine Group Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CHLN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CHLN.O&lt;/A&gt; a  U.S. winemaker, on Monday rejected an existing buyout offer  from French luxury wine maker Domaines Barons de Rothschild,  saying it was now entertaining a better offer.
Ford Expands Recall of SUVs to 600,000  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; has expanded its  recall of Escape and Mazda Tribute SUVs to nearly 600,000  vehicles, according to the automaker and the U.S. National  Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Oracle to Buy PeopleSoft for \$10.3B UPDATE: Oracle #39;s (Quote, Chart) dogged pursuit of PeopleSoft (Quote, Chart) was rewarded on Monday as PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors agreed to sell the company for \$10.3 billion.
China to Impose Duties on Clothing Exports China has decided to impose duties on its exports of textiles and apparel, a move that could ease worldwide fears that Chinese clothing makers will soon dominate the global market after its liberalization on Jan.
Vintner Chalone Spurns Rothchild,Stock Up The Chalone Wine Group Ltd. (CHLN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) a US winemaker, on Monday rejected an existing buyout offer from French luxury wine maker Domaines Barons de Rothschild, saying it was now entertaining a better offer.
Tuesday Morning tumbles on Monday Close-out retailer Tuesday Morning Corp. said Monday it expects fourth-quarter and full-year earnings and full-year sales to miss analysts #39; expectations due to poor sales of decorative 
DaimlerChrysler, GM Join on Hybrids DaimlerChrysler and General Motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against Japanese rivals on the fuel-saving technology 
Americans Enticed by Digital Cameras (AP) AP - At age 75, Marilyn Smith discovered a wealth of reasons this holiday season to switch to a digital camera.
High-Tech Roads Forecasting System Ready (AP) AP - A new high-tech computer system that provides pinpoint weather forecasts for specific stretches of highway, tested in Iowa over the past two winters, is attracting interest from transportation officials worldwide.
UK Amazon Boss Dreams of a Digital Christmas (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com's UK chief hopes sales of\digital music players and DVDs will propel the online retailer\to its best quarter ever as footsore shoppers abandon the high\street for their Internet terminals.
Sony #39;s PSP Launch Greeted by Long Lines of Buyers Sony #39;s first hand-held game machine is vying to give Nintendo a run for its money in Japan this holiday season. Nintendo President Satoru Iwata is taking the news with a grain of salt.
WENGER - LAPSES WILL COST US Arsene Wenger admits Arsenals title defence will fail if they do not sort out their costly lapses at set-pieces quickly. The Gunners twice led against Barclays Premiership leaders Chelsea thanks to a double 
Four Heavyweight Champs Is the Same as None OVER the last four decades, even the casual sports fan could usually name the accepted world heavyweight champion, beginning with boxing #39;s golden era of Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier and George 
SAP unfazed by Oracle, Peoplesoft merger (AFP) AFP - SAP, the world's leading maker of business software, said it was not concerned by the creation of a new number two in the sector via the merger of rivals Oracle and Peoplesoft in the United States.
Oracle buys PeopleSoft for 10.3 billion dollars (AFP) AFP - Oracle sealed a deal to buy rival business software firm PeopleSoft for 10.3 billion dollars after a bitter 18-month battle, the two firms announced.
Pakistan denies CIA has set up bases on its soil in hunt for Osama &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistan said Monday there is no evidence that al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden is hiding in the country, and denied it had allowed CIA agents to set up bases along its border to hunt the terror mastermind.
Fish Levels in Lake Michigan a Concern (AP) AP - On the surface, Lake Michigan is one of the world's biggest and wildest bodies of freshwater and a popular fishing destination.
British sufferer of madcow disease no longer 'terminally ill': dad (AFP) AFP - A British man suffering from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (vCJD), the human form of mad cow disease is no longer terminal ill, thanks to an experimental medical treatment, his father said.
Bombardier CEO Quits, Shares Dive  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Paul Tellier stepped down on Monday as  president and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDsvb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDsvb.TO&lt;/A&gt;  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDb.TO&lt;/A&gt;, surprising investors and sending the train and plane  maker's shares down as much as 26 percent to a 10-year low.
India-Pakistan peace boosts trade Trade between India and Pakistan increases after the nations embarked on a peace process although it remains a tiny fraction of overall exports.
Cuba starts 'huge' military drill Hundreds of thousands of soldiers and "millions" of civilians take part in defence exercises in Cuba.
Turkey 'must admit WWI genocide' France's foreign minister says Turkey should acknowledge the 1915 genocide of Armenians before it joins the EU.
Dissecting flu's deadly weaponry Scientists hope the understanding of past flu pandemics can help us better prepare for future crises.
3Com to acquire TippingPoint for \$430 million 3Com Monday announced plans to acquire TippingPoint Technologies, a maker of intrusion prevention systems, for approximately \$430 million in stock.
Unocal to Settle Lawsuits Over Myanmar Abuse Unocal Corp. has agreed to settle two closely watched lawsuits accusing the US oil giant of turning a blind eye to human rights abuses that occurred during the construction 
Sony PSP Flying Off Shelves - 200,000 First-Day Sales Sony #39;s handheld gaming device, the PlayStation Portable, reportedly sold more than 200,000 units on its first day of availability in Japan.
Pats #39; Weis Accepts Top Notre Dame Job BOSTON -- The University of Notre Dame has officially announced the appointment of its new head coach, New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis.
Roddick splits with Gilbert after 1 years Andy Roddick fired coach Brad Gilbert this weekend after 11/2 years together that yielded a US Open title and the No. 1 ranking. No specific reason was given for the surprising split in a statement Roddick released Monday through SFX Sports Group.
Wanadoo UK begins major broadband drive France Telecom makes 'substantial and significant' investment
The PeopleSoft vs. Oracle clash &lt;strong&gt;A &lt;cite&gt;Register&lt;/cite&gt; History&lt;/strong&gt; 
FPJ placed on life support Philippine movie icon Fernando Poe Jr.s condition has deteriorated, prompting doctors to put him on life support following a massive stroke over the weekend, his spokesman said yesterday.
Malaysia, Singapore Work to Repair Ties Malaysia and Singapore on Monday made significant progress in repairing four decades of soured relations, agreeing to hold top-level talks on a range of disputes including 
Wither The Dollar A weak dollar should be good for U.S. exports. But it's already causing pain overseas, and in the long run it could drive up the cost of living at home
The New Breed The TIME/CNN 25 Business Influentials/Setting the Global Standards for Management, Ethics, Marketing and Innovation
CalPERS: Corporate Reformer Under Fire The California Public Employees' Retirement System, a state agency that used its power to influence corporations
IBM Puts The PC In Its Past The computer giant hands off its personal-computer business business to a Chinese firm
Chile Judge Charges Pinochet in Rights Case &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - A Chilean judge on Mondayformally charged former dictator Agusto Pinochet with homicideand kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to humanrights abuses committed during his 17-year rule.&lt;/p&gt;
France Proposes Ex-EU Trade Chief Lamy to Head WTO &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Timothy Heritage&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; PARIS (Reuters) - France has formally proposed formerEuropean Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy as a candidate tohead the World Trade Organization (WTO), Lamy said on Monday.&lt;/p&gt;
"Of Course It Was Poisoning" Viktor Yushchenko talks to TIME's Yuri Zarakhovich about the attack on his life, who he believes did it, what he'll do if elected President of Ukraine, and what he thinks of Vladimir Putin's Russia
Poisoned. But Whodunit? The Ukrainian election takes a new twist after a stunning medical disclosure
Choking on Growth Rapid economic development has led to filthy air. The good news: this is a mess that can be cleaned up
PeopleSoft Ends Fight, Accepts Oracle #39;s \$10.3 Bln Bid (Update8) PeopleSoft Inc. capitulated to Oracle Corp., accepting a sweetened \$10.3 billion offer to end an 18- month battle that pitted PeopleSoft against its shareholders and led to the ouster of its chief executive.
IBM PC Users Face Uncertain Future DECEMBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Now that IBM plans to sell its PC division to Beijing-based Lenovo Group Ltd., the big question is whether the companies can keep users from defecting to other vendors -- which would put IBM #39;s once standard-setting PCs 
Tuesday Morning Lowers 2004 Guidance Home accessories and gift retailer Tuesday Morning Corp. on Monday lowered its 2004 earnings guidance and forecast fourth-quarter results below Wall Street expectations on lower-than-expected seasonal sales.
Iraqi President Faults Army #39;s Dissolution The interim president of Iraq, Ghazi al-Yawer, says the US-led coalition made a big mistake when it disbanded the Iraqi armed forces after last year #39;s invasion to topple Saddam Hussein.
Stocks Climb; Retail Sales, Oracle Help  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday, after he  government said retail sales in November were better than  expected, a sign of economic strength.
Import Cars Need Parts, Too Generic auto parts retailers benefit from the explosion in the popularity of import car culture.
Stocks Up on PeopleSoft Deal, Retail Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday after  software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; accepted rival Oracle  Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; buyout offer and a government report showed  better-than-expected retail sales in November, signaling an  uptick in consumer spending.
AMD, IBM Improve Processor Performance Companies will use strained silicon to boost transistor speed.
Battle ended with a single phone call Oracles 18-month hostile takeover battle for PeopleSoft came to an end on Friday evening with a single phone call. A PeopleSoft director, through an attorney, contacted Oracle with the lucky number: \$26.50 
Honeywell to Buy Novar to Expand in Building Products (Update9) Honeywell International Inc., the world #39;s largest supplier of building controls, agreed to buy Novar Plc for 798 million pounds (\$1.53 billion) to expand its security, fire and ventilation-systems business in Europe.
Bombardier CEO Quits, Shares Dive Paul Tellier stepped down on Monday as president and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. (BBDsvb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (BBDb.
Souness gets one-match ban for improper conduct Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has received a one-match touchline ban for imporper conduct, the Football Association (FA) said on Monday.
Baldini out at struggling Parma Parma, Italy (Sports Network) - Parma fired coach Silvio Baldini Monday after a loss to Livorno on Sunday left the club near the bottom of the table.
Chilean Judge Charges Pinochet in Rights Case A Chilean judge on Monday formally charged former dictator Augusto Pinochet with homicide and kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to human rights abuses committed during his 17-year rule.
Arab press roundup: December 13, 2004 Arab newspaper highlighted and commented on PLO Chairman Mahmoud Abbas #39; apology to Kuwait for the Palestinian position on Iraq #39;s 1990 invasion of Kuwait, angered by what it saw as the PLO #39;s support of the invasion.
New Florida Coach Meyer Names Coaches (AP) AP - Florida coach Urban Meyer nearly filled out his coaching staff Monday, keeping two assistants from Ron Zook's staff and bringing four with him from Utah.
Weis Introduced at Notre Dame  SOUTH BEND, Ind. (Sports Network) - Charlie Weis was  introduced as the new head football coach at Notre Dame on  Monday and said he intends to bring the program back to  national prominence.
Chilean Judge Charges Pinochet in Rights Case  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - A Chilean judge on Monday  formally charged former dictator Augusto Pinochet with homicide  and kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to human  rights abuses committed during his 17-year rule.
Bomb Kills 7 Iraqis, Year After Saddam's Capture  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber killed at least  seven Iraqis outside Baghdad's government compound on Monday,  the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein's capture.
Hamas Member Escapes Damascus Bomb Attack, 3 Hurt  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - A bomb blew up in a car owned by a  Palestinian in a crowded district of Damascus on Monday and a  Palestinian source in Beirut said the blast was an attempt to  kill a member of the militant Hamas group.
Jets and Rams Make Playoffs Jeff Wilkins made a 31-yard field goal with 3:02 left in overtime to give the St. Louis Rams a 32-29 win over the Jets as both teams made the playoffs.
German Stocks Gain, Paced by TUI, E.ON; Deutsche Boerse Slumps German stocks rose, led by TUI AG after the tour operator #39;s German low-cost airline unit said it plans to boost the number of passengers on its flights by about 40 percent next year amid higher demand.
New Computer Chip Built for Speed IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have announced that they have produced a silicon chip with a marked improvement in speed by using strained silicon technology.
NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe to Resign WASHINGTON Dec 13, 2004 - Sean O #39;Keefe, who has spent three tumultuous years running the nation #39;s space program, is preparing to resign, a government official says.
Apple PayPals Around Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) is making its iTunes service a little more user friendly, by teaming up with eBay #39;s (Nasdaq: EBAY) PayPal to facilitate payments.
Spidey slings into wireless Web with Mforma deal Those characters, as well as more familiar Marvel comics stars like Spider-Man and the Incredible Hulk, are going mobile. Publisher Mforma Group Inc.
England fans get first taste of SA With just two warm-up games prior to the Tests, Michael Vaughan and his men have had little time for relaxation. But for the supporters out here the opening games at Randjesfontein and Potchefstroom 
Seven Marines die in Anbar fighting Seven Marines have died in combat in western Iraq. The fighting in Anbar, a vast province including Fallujah and Ramadi, was the deadliest for US forces since eight Marines 
UN Calls For Cease-Fire As Congo Factions Continue Fighting The United Nations has called on all factions involved in several days of fighting in eastern Congo to agree to a cease-fire. Clashes continued Monday as the United Nations ordered the government 
Darfur Mediators Demand Respect of Cease-fire African Union mediators at peace talks for Sudan #39;s Darfur region say there has been an escalation of cease-fire violations during the past three months, and that these must stop before a comprehensive peace accord can be reached.
Sprint and Nextel: A Done Deal? Rumors are swirling that the next massive wireless merger is in the works.
USA : Tommy Hilfiger buys Karl Lagerfeld brands US fashion company Tommy Hilfiger Corporation and German designer Karl Lagerfeld, in a surprise move, have teamed up to build Mr Lagerfeld #39;s brands on a worldwide basis.
US Economy: Retail Sales Rise 3rd Month in November (Update1) US retail sales unexpectedly increased for a third month in November, easing concern that consumers will be tight-fisted this holiday shopping season.
Bombardier Board Ousts Chief Executive Paul Tellier (Update3) Bombardier Inc. ousted Chief Executive Officer Paul Tellier after he failed to stem a decline in profit, shares and credit ratings during his two-year tenure.
DaimlerChrysler, GM to Team Up on Hybrid Engines General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are teaming up to develop fuel-saving hybrid technology for a range of vehicles. The engines are expected to help them compete with hybrid-vehicle leaders Toyota and Honda.
Microsoft Set to Unveil Desktop Search, MOOL Microsoft on Monday morning will likely debut a beta version of its desktop search and unveil a new connection service to tie Hotmail and the Outlook mail client.
Geminid Meteor Shower Could Be Spectacular DENVER -- Coloradans willing to brave the nighttime cold and get away from the lights of the city could be in for a spectacular show Monday night.
Sun shows pleb-ready thin client At long last, Sun Microsystems has delivered a new set of thin client technology that could well push the slim computing devices into the hands of the average consumer.
Shevchenko Crowned as Europe #39;s Finest Arsenals Thierry Henry today missed out on the European Footballer of the Year award as Andriy Shevchenko took the honour. AC Milan frontman Shevchenko held off competition from Barcelona pair Deco and 
NIGERIA-SUDAN: Violence pushes peace talks off track ABUJA, 13 December (IRIN) - Continuing violence in Darfur is derailing efforts to find a political roadmap out of a crisis that has pitted the Sudanese government against rebel groups for almost two years, delegates at AU-sponsored talks said on Monday.
Fatal stabbings raise concern over dangerous holiday party season for teens (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The fatal stabbing of a young man trying to eject unwanted party guests from his family home, the third such knifing in just weeks, has police worried about a potentially fatal holiday recipe: teens, alcohol and knives.
Retails Sales Up in November Consumers showed a bit of cheer in November, boosting sales at the nation #39;s retailers by 0.1 percent. The newest report on consumers #39; buying, issued by the Commerce Department today, turned out to be somewhat 
Cardinal Health to Slash 4,200 Jobs DUBLIN, Ohio - Cardinal Health Inc., a medical products and services company, plans to cut 4,200 jobs, or about 7 percent of its work force, and close 25 offices as part of a three-year restructuring plan, the company said Monday.
Chipmakers Advance Transistor Technology IBM (Quote, Chart) and AMD (Quote, Chart) have devised a new silicon transistor technology they claim will boost the speeds of single- and dual-core chips.
Sony PSP Debuts To Strong Sales The fight for the top of the portable gaming mountain has begun in earnest in Japan. Following up Nintendo #39;s highly anticipated DS launch, Sony has launched their version of a portable gaming system, the PSP.
Online map of brain genes to be released It has been billed as one of the most massive information-crunching, gigabyte-gobbling research endeavors in history -- which might explain why after a year #39;s work, scientists have gotten through only about one-tenth of a mouse #39;s brain.
Iraq ; Car bomb kills seven in Baghdad Iraq News, A suicide car bomber killed at least seven people today next to the heavily fortified area in central Baghdad housing the interim government and US embassy, and eight US Marines died in combat in western Iraq.
Pakistan denies CIA has set up bases on its soil in hunt for Osama &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistan on Monday denied a newspaper report that the CIA has set up covert bases in the country #39;s remote tribal regions to hunt for Osama bin Laden and stop him from plotting another attack on the United States.
Almost 40 ceasefire violations in Darfur from October: official ABUJA, Dec 13 (AFP) -- An African Union ceasefire commission said about 40 ceasefire violations by parties to a conflict in Sudan #39;s Darfur crisis were recorded between October and early December, an AU spokesman said.
Malaysia, Singapore Propose Key Political Deal Malaysia and Singapore agreed Monday to work on a proposal to solve some of their long-standing bilateral disputes in what could be a milestone in relations between the two quarrelsome neighbors.
EU calls for 'free' Maldives vote The European Union calls for free and fair elections in the Maldives with a parliamentary vote due this month.
Top 10 in AP Women's Poll Stays Same (AP) AP - From LSU at No. 1 to Ohio State at No. 10, The AP women's basketball poll had no changes Monday.
Allen center to post first brain-map data The Allen Institute for Brain Science is making its first batch of scientific results available to the public today, through a map that shows where nearly 2,000 genes are actively operating in the mouse brain.
Tiger Wins Own Tournament Tiger Woods closed with a 5-under 66 to forge a two-stroke victory over Padraig Harrington of Ireland in the Target World Challenge.
Kansas City vs. Tennessee NASHVILLE, Tennessee (Ticker) -- Dick Vermeil and Jeff Fisher #39;s last meeting was one that will live in NFL lore. Vermeil and Fisher will oppose each other for the first time since Super Bowl XXXIV on Monday 
Pennington shoulders blame in loss to Steelers Chad Pennington put yesterday #39;s 17-6 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers squarely on his own shoulders, but he is certainly not the only one to blame, as the Jets 
Roddick splits with coach Gilbert Andy Roddick has sacked Brad Gilbert, the coach who guided him to world number one and the US Open crown in 2003. No reason has been given for the split.
Blue Jays bring Koskie home ANAHEIM -- Suddenly, being Canada #39;s undisputed National Team comes with a burden, the Toronto Blue Jays seem to understand. Getting prominent Canadian natives into a Toronto uniform is part of the responsibility.
U.S. Stocks Climb as Oracle Deal Lifts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday after  software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; accepted rival Oracle  Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; buyout offer and data showed  better-than-expected November retail sales, signaling an uptick  in consumer spending.
Lockheed Martin to Buy Stasys Ltd. Defense contractor Lockheed Martin Corp. on Monday said it agreed to buy Stasys Ltd., a Britain-based technology and consulting firm specializing in network communications and defense interoperability.
Inquiring Minds at OmniVision The SEC begins an informal inquiry into the image sensor maker's restatement.
Oracle Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday agreed  to a sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker  Oracle Corp., relenting after a 18-month takeover saga that  included the ouster of PeopleSoft's chief executive.
Retail Sales Edge Up as Car Sales Dip  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy showed signs of  strength with the release of stronger-than-expected retail  sales data on Monday that helped cement views the Federal  Reserve will raise interest rates again this week.
Retail Sales Rise a Surprise? Is today's big retail news a surprise? Only for those who weren't paying attention.
Stocks 2005: Make Sure Risks Are Compensated! Bill Mann looks back at the returns from the three previous years of our annual stock guide.
China to impose tariffs on some textile exports Bangladeshi garment exporters are poised to breathe a sigh of relief as China has decided to impose tariffs on some of its textile export items in preparation of the upcoming global textile quota phase-out.
The Logic Behind a Sprint-Nextel Deal The imminent deal underscores how rapidly wireless is displacing the traditional land-line phone business. If the merger goes through, Sprint plans to sell off its local-phone business, which 
Eurostocks close higher Shares in the LSE jumped nearly 26 per cent to a new record at 540 pence after Deutsche Boerse made a 1.3-billion approach, which was rejected by Europe #39;s biggest equity market.
Cingular Sells IDEA Cellular Stake Cingular Wireless continues to meet its AT amp;T Wireless merger approval obligations to shed some assets. The latest: The carrier is selling its stake in IDEA Cellular.
3Com beefs up security with \$430M acquisition com December 13, 2004, 10:51 AM PT. TippingPoint makes an intrusion prevention appliance called UnityOne that sits on networks and quickly inspects incoming packets to determine whether they are malicious.
Tellier: Bombardier Tells CEO To Take Flight Planes, trains and no CEO: Bombardier fired its chief executive officer on Monday and its Toronto-traded stock dropped to a record low.
No SEC charges for Global Crossings ex-head Gary Winnick, the former chairman of Global Crossing, the Bermuda-based telecommunications group which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in January 2002, will not be fined 
Volkswagen enters close cooperation with Abu Dhabi the German vehicle producing giant Volkswagen will assemble trucks in Abu Dhabi and enter a car leasing joint venture with the Gulf emirate, it was announced Monday.
Franklin Funds Strikes  #36;20 Mln SEC Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Two units of mutual fund company\Franklin Resources Inc.  agreed to pay  #36;20 million in\civil penalties to settle charges that they used fund assets to\pay for marketing and failed to adequately tell investors,\federal regulators said on Monday.
IBM, AMD Find Way to Improve Chip Performance We #39;ve known about  quot;strained silicon quot; for a while--but now there #39;s a better way to do it. Straining silicon improves chip performance.
Micosoft Introduces MSN Toolbar Suite Beta Microsoft introduced a beta version of its new MSN Toolbar Suite, with desktop search functionality. The new MSN Toolbar Suite includes an updated version of the popular MSN Toolbar for Microsoft Internet 
Sony Debuts PSP To Challenge Nintendo Sony began selling the new PSP Playstation Portable yesterday in Japan. The company says it will ship 500,000 units of the console, which plays music, videos and games by the end of the year.
NASA chief to resign NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign his post, White House spokesman Scott McClellan said Monday. NASA sources told CNN on Sunday that O #39;Keefe would announce his resignation Monday, but later said the announcement would come Tuesday.
Geminid Meteor Shower Could Be Spectacular WASHINGTON -- It #39;s a global celestial event, and scientists say the annual Geminid Meteor Shower is the best astronomy show of the year.
Samsung #39;s MMCmicro shrinks flash memory further Yet another card format is here, spun off of the venerable MMC format by Samsung. This one is small enough to fit on a key of a keyboard, or into the smallest device.
Report: Firefox Gains 34 Percent in November Firefox use around the world climbed 34 percent in the last month, according to a report published by Web analytics company WebSideStory Monday.
Worldwide Technology Consumers To Lose in DVD Standards War Blu-ray and HD DVD -- will be costly to everyone concerned, analysts say. The availability of two rival formats will raise prices and confuse consumers.
HP Targets China #39;s PC Market Hewlett-Packard has begun selling a Pavilion PC that runs on processors from Advanced Micro Devices and a FreeDOS operating system.
Allen Institute Debuts  #39;Google for Gene Activity #39; (12/13/04)The Allen Institute for Brain Science (AIBS) has released its first dataset of gene expression data in the brain for nearly 2,000 mouse genes - the first public release of the Allen Brain Atlas initiative.
Mforma Spins Spidey A Wireless Web Mforma has inked a multi-year, multi-level agreement with Marvel Enterprises to bring the likes of Spider-Man, X-Men, Blade, Ghost Rider and more to the world of wireless.
An ATM approach to renting movies Most people are accustomed to automatic tellers at the mall that spit out cash and stamps. Eduardo Alvarez wants to persuade you to use an automatic teller at the grocery 
Moon that mimics early Earth revisited Saturn #39;s haze-shrouded moon Titan gets a second look today from the international Cassini Huygens spacecraft. Cassini #39;s planned flyover altitude of 746 miles above the moon is the same as its October flyby.
Ukrainian Andriy Shevchenko wins Golden Ball award CBC SPORTS ONLINE - AC Milan striker Andriy Shevchenko was named the Ballon d #39;Or (Golden Ball) award winner on Monday as European soccer player of the year.
Souness gets one-match ban Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has received a one-match touchline ban for improper conduct, the Football Association (FA) says.
Neeskens sacked as NEC Nijmegen coach Johan Neeskens has been sacked as coach of NEC Nijmegen, the struggling Dutch first division club said in a statement on Monday. NEC are 14th in the standings 
Cavaliers activate Wagner CLEVELAND (Ticker) - The Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday activated guard Dajuan Wagner from the injured list. Wagner, 21, missed the last five games with soreness in his right foot.
Gaza violence dents peace hopes depends on whether they can rein in militants, who killed five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday. drew missile strikes in a swift reprisal and dimmed hopes for an end to decades of conflict in the post-Arafat era.
Pinochet indicted on human rights charges A Chilean judge has ordered the house arrest of the country #39;s former dictator, General Augusto Pinochet, on human rights charges.
Iran nuke talks launched Three European powers and Iran have begun talks on a long-term agreement on nuclear, economic and security cooperation with both sides seeking to build trust amid continuing suspicion over Tehran #39;s atomic programme.
Holiday Tech Buying Guide Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro hosts the third in a series of discussions on The Washington Post's holiday tech buying guide and answer your personal tech questions.
New Strained Silicon Server Chips in  #39;05 Thanks to a new  #39;Dual Stress Liner #39; strained silicon manufacturing technique, AMD and IBM today announced that new Athlon64 and Power processors, set to debut in early 2005, could offer a performance boost of up to 24 percent.
Airborne Cell Phone Ban Like To Remain in Effect Hopes -- and worries -- that U.S. regulators will soon end the ban on using wireless phones during U.S. commercial flights are likely at least a year or two early, government officials and analysts say.
Former dictator Pinochet ordered to stand trial for murder &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO (AFP) - A Chilean judge ordered former dictator Augusto Pinochet to stand trial on murder and kidnap charges linked to his role in Operation Condor, a conspiracy of 1970s South American dictatorships to eliminate opponents.
The Military Family Network One year after US forces found him hiding in a spider hole near his hometown of Tikrit, former dictator Saddam Hussein remains imprisoned at an undisclosed location awaiting his trial on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Retail Sales Rose an Unexpected 0.1 Percent in November In the latest snapshot of the holiday shopping season, the government reported a better performance than Wall Street had been expecting.
Sony Launches Playstation Portable An initial 200,000 of the consoles went on sale in Tokyo on Sunday as thousands of shoppers lined up overnight to buy the first devices.
Bettis Is Key to Surprising Steelers (AP) AP - Jerome Bettis is often a broken-down Bus by now, weary and worn out after all those games of 20-plus carries and all the contact that goes with being an NFL power running back.
Miller skis to another World Cup win CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Bode Miller continued his impressive 2004-05 World Cup skiing season by winning a night slalom race in Sestriere, Italy on Monday.
Cavs activate Wagner from injured list Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers activated guard Dajuan Wagner from the injured list Monday. Wagner has missed the last five games because of soreness in his right foot.
Red Sox Replacing Team Physician Morgan (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox are replacing team physician Bill Morgan, who helped stitch together a World Series title by suturing Curt Schilling's ankle and allowing him to stay in the postseason rotation.
Dinosaur Tales Argentina is a great place for a confab on catastrophic climate change, only Buenos Aires isn #39;t the city for it. The delegates to this tenth Conference of the Parties to 
Military signs deal to develop anti-anthrax inhaler (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Defence officials have signed a  #36;2.9-million deal with a U.S. firm to develop an anti-anthrax inhaler that could be available for civilian as well as military use.
McCain: 'No Confidence' in Rumsfeld (AP) AP - U.S. Sen. John McCain said Monday that he has "no confidence" in Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, citing Rumsfeld's handling of the war in Iraq and the failure to send more troops.
'Grand Theft Auto': Keeping America safe from crime Turns out that "Grand Theft Auto," the game that many of America's moral watchdogs fear will turn the nation's youth into a vast gang of pimp-smacking, carjacking hoods, actually prevents crime in some cases. Missing Links
Bombardier chief to leave company Shares in train and plane-making giant Bombardier have fallen to a 10-year low following the departure of its chief executive and two members of the board.
ST Telemedia, TM International to acquire 48 per cent stake in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Singapore Technologies Telemedia (ST Telemedia) and TM International, the international investment arm of Telekom Malaysia (together as a Consortium), have entered into definitive agreements to acquire a 47.7 per cent stake in IDEA Cellular (IDEA 
Networking, Security Integration Reaches  #39;TippingPoint #39; The trend of merging network and security technologies continued today as 3Com (Quote, Chart) bought TippingPoint Technologies (Quote, Chart) for approximately \$430 million, the companies said.
Terps Rally Falls Short Maryland nearly comes all the way back from a 17-point defecit but it is unable to complete the rally as it falls, 77-67, to Virginia Tech.
Real to complete bomb threat match Real Madrid will play the final seven minutes of their Primera Liga match against Real Sociedad next month after a bomb threat forced the evacuation of their Bernabeu stadium yesterday.
Miller routs rivals for sixth win Bode Miller added another triumph to his sparkling season on Monday, claiming his sixth World Cup win of the campaign in a slalom and a new entry in the record books.
Cole fears backlash from his old mates FULHAM #39;S United old boy Andy Cole fears his former team are poised to leave their critics red-faced. The Reds haven #39;t lost in the Premiership since defeat at Portsmouth six matches ago when they were being written off in the title race.
Neeskens sacked as NEC coach Johan Neeskens has been sacked as coach of NEC Nijmegen, the struggling Dutch first division club said in a statement on Monday. NEC are 14th in the standings following a 3-2 
Roddick Fires Coach Andy Roddick fired coach Brad Gilbert this weekend after 1 1/2 years together that yielded a US Open title and the No. 1 ranking. No specific reason was given for the surprising split in 
Steelers Backups End Bills' Playoff Hopes The Pittsburgh Steelers are so good that they ended Buffalo's playoff hopes with their backups. Fourth-string running back Willie Parker had 102 yards rushing and backup linebacker James Harrison returned a fumble 18 yards for a touchdown, helping seal the Steelers' 29-24 win over Buffalo on Sunday. The Steelers won their 14th straight to match the record set by Miami in 1972 and became just the fourth team in NFL history to finish 15-1.
Oracle Clinches PeopleSoft PeopleSoft Inc. has agreed to a sweetened US\$10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker Oracle Corp., relenting after a 18-month takeover saga marked by personal insults, courtroom battles and the ouster of PeopleSoft #39;s chief executive.
MMCmicro - New Samsung #39;s Tiny Removable Memory Cards for Mobile &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Memory cards are made by a variety of manufacturers, and come in different sizes. Prices among capacities and types of memory cards also vary.
Peru Says No Attack Planned; 4 Police Dead  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - The Peruvian government on Sunday  denied planning an imminent offensive after urging residents  living near a captured police station in the southern Andes to  leave their homes.
NEWSMAKER-Shevchenko #39;s goals and hard work earn reward Andriy Shevchenko believes the European Footballer of the Year award crowns a  quot;beautiful year quot; and the Ukrainian has every right to get a little emotional.
Runaway Miller equals record BODE MILLER of the United States equalled Marc Girardelli record when he won the men #39;s World Cup alpine slalom race today. He has now won a race in all four disciplines (downhill, slalom, giant slalom and super-giant slalom) in the same World Cup season.
Garcia taken first in Rule 5 Draft ANAHEIM, California (Ticker) - With everyone seeking the next Johan Santana, major league teams took their chances during Monday #39;s Rule 5 draft.
Devil Rays Acquire Angel Garcia  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - Pitcher Angel Garcia was  picked first overall by the Arizona Diamondbacks in baseball's  Rule 5 Draft on Monday, but moments after it was over he was  traded to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays for cash considerations.
Willingham Lands in Washington  SEATTLE (Sports Network) - Tyrone Willingham was not  unemployed for very long, as he was named the new head coach at  the University of Washington on Monday just two weeks after  being fired at Notre Dame.
Miller Wins Slalom World Cup leader Bode Miller won a slalom Monday to join Marc Girardelli as the only men to win races in all four disciplines in a season.
Dollar weakens despite better-than-expected US retail figures (AFP) AFP - The dollar weakened against the euro as dealers were unimpressed by better-than-expected US retail sales and focused instead on the likelihood that Tuesday's trade figures will show a record deficit.
Bombardier Shares Dive as CEO Quits  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Paul Tellier stepped down on Monday as  president and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDsvb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDsvb.TO&lt;/A&gt;  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDb.TO&lt;/A&gt;, surprising investors and sending the train and plane  maker's shares down as much as 26 percent to a 10-year low.
Stocks Rise, Mergers, Retail Sales Help  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks added to earlier gains on  Monday after software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; accepted  rival Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; \$10.3 billion sweetened buyout  offer and data showed better-than-expected November retail  sales.
Calpers to Press Carmakers on Lawsuit  SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - Members of the board of  Calpers, the biggest U.S. pension fund, voted on Monday to  demand that major car makers meet with them to defend their  lawsuit against California's new air quality regulations to  reduce exhaust emissions from cars and trucks.
Oracle acquisition of PeopleSoft brings customers into focus Oracle #39;s agreement to buy PeopleSoft for \$26.50 per share, or approximately \$10.3 billion, means a new era for users of PeopleSoft #39;s enterprise applications.
Online Gift Guide for Kids' Books Offered (AP) AP - Thousands of children's books are published in the United States each year, so finding the perfect book for that favorite niece or nephew won't be easy. It wouldn't hurt to have a little help. With that in mind, the Center for Children's Books at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign has created an online guide to help make choosing the right children's gift easier.
Oracle Softens up PeopleSoft (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - After 18 months of lawsuits and very public wrangling, Oracle Corp. finally roped software rival PeopleSoft Inc., proof positive that Larry Ellison's hardball tactics would get his company just what it put at the top of its Christmas list.
Massive queues in Japan as PSP sells out Queues over a thousand people long formed at some retailers in Japan yesterday as Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable went on sale, with fears of a shortage realised as stocks sold out within hours at some major outlets.
Firefox gains suggest browser wars may heat up (AFP) AFP - The Internet browser wars, dormant for several years, shows signs of heating up again as a result of gains from a new program called Firefox, a research report showed.
Microsoft introduces new desktop search tool (AFP) AFP - Microsoft said that it had launched a new desktop search tool that allows personal computer users to find documents or messages on their PCs.
Bomb threat raises security concerns; evacuation could set bad &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spanish authorities won praise Monday for clearing Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in just minutes after receiving a bomb threat - but Real Madrid #39;s president said it set a bad precedent to suspend the match.
Pacers sign Curry Curry, a 10-year veteran, should help the Pacers deal with a roster that has been depleted due to suspensions and injuries. Last season he averaged 2.9 points and 1.2 rebounds in 70 games for Toronto.
Report: Sexson, M #39;s agree on four-year deal ANAHEIM, Calif. (Ticker) -- The Seattle Mariners, desperate to add pop to their anemic lineup, reportedly have come to terms on a four-year contract with slugger Richie Sexson.
Report: NHL to reject union proposal Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - The National Hockey League will reject last week #39;s National Hockey League Players #39; Association proposal on Tuesday, according to The Sports Network of Canada.
On the Horizon: The Global Wireless Web (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Verizon recently announced plans to roll out its new wireless BroadbandAccess service in 14 American cities, with more to follow.
Sharon will not talk to Palestinian leaders until the fighting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli helicopters fired eight rockets in Gaza City in response to an earlier attack by Hamas movement against an Israeli army post on the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt.
Bomb kills 13 in Baghdad A suicide car bomber linked to al-Qaida killed 13 people just outside Baghdads Green Zone today, the first anniversary of Saddam Husseins capture.
Kashmir talks end with hopes of more such efforts The first ever direct talks between politicians and intellectuals of Indian and Pakistani Kashmir over the Kashmir dispute concluded here today with both the organisers and the participants stressing the need to continue dialogue.
Developing Giants Under Pressure on Climate Change (Reuters) Reuters - While developing\nations China, Brazil and India grow at break-neck pace with\their burgeoning industry and farming, industrialized countries\want them to clean up the dirty practices that have made them\some of the world's biggest polluters.
Life-Swapping Scenarios for Earth and Mars (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Evidence is mounting that \  the time-weathered red planet was once a warm and water-rich world. And a Mars \  awash with water gives rise to that globe possibly being fit for habitation \  in its past - and perhaps a distant dwelling for life today.
Prometheus Pre-empted? New Nuclear Fission Missions Evaluated (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA is reviewing a list of nbsp;fission-powered missions \that could pre-empt nbsp;the Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter (JIMO) effort now being \eyed for space travel no sooner than 2015.
France pulls plug on Arab network A French court upholds complaints of anti-Semitism against a Lebanese TV station and orders it off the air.
Stocks Rise, Mergers, Retail Sales Help US stocks added to earlier gains on Monday after software maker PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) accepted rival Oracle Corp.
Report: Global Crossing Founder Winnick Won #39;t Face Charges com. Global Crossing founder Gary Winnick, who sold hundreds of millions of dollars of the firm #39;s stock as it headed towards bankruptcy, won #39;t be charged with civil violations by the Securities and Exchange Commission, it was reported Monday.
Dog Rescues 7-Year-Old in India (AP) AP - "Run away!" her husband screamed from a rooftop after he spotted the colossal waves.
Would You Stand in Line for a Playstation? A large crowd did during a chilly night in Tokyo--but this one was different. This one was Sony #39;s first handheld game machine, a PlayStation Portable, and about 200,000 sold when it went on sale Sunday morning.
Israel can #39;t detect Palestinian tunnels Israel #39;s mighty military acknowledged Monday that it has no high-tech answers to the latest crude method of warfare used by Palestinian militants - explosives-packed tunnels dug under heavily fortified army outposts.
Chilean judge indicts Pinochet Augusto Pinochet was president of Chile from 1974 to 1990 Chile #39;s former President Augusto Pinochet pictured has been placed under house arrest on human rights charges.
Seven killed on Saddam anniversary At least seven people have been killed and 17 wounded in a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, a year to the day since Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces.
Giants Are in Another Free Fall Somewhere in their latest indignity in a six-game losing streak, the Giants stepped into a rabbit hole and found themselves reliving last season all over again.
Microsoft Debuts Desktop Search Tool  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  unveiled a new, preliminary version of its search tool for  finding documents, e-mail and other files stored on personal  computer hard drives.
Canada to Set Up Do-Not-Call Telemarketing List  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian families could soon enjoy a  measure of peace and quiet at dinner time as the result of  legislation introduced on Monday to limit the right of  telemarketers to make unsolicited calls.
Motorola stock rises; company to realign businesses Motorola Inc. #39;s shares bounced back Monday after falling sharply at the end of last week amid conflicting views on how the telecommunications equipment supplier would fare if Sprint Corp.
Bombardier chief executive Paul Tellier resigns Train and plane maker Bombardier Inc. said on Monday that Paul Tellier, its president and chief executive officer, had resigned. The surprise resignation of Tellier and two board of directors comes one year 
Cardinal Health to Cut 4,200 Jobs Drug wholesaler Cardinal Health Inc. (CAH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it would cut 4,200 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force, and close 25 facilities 
CORRECTED - UPDATE 1-Franklin Resources in \$20 million SEC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In NEW YORK item, please read headline as UPDATE 1-Franklin Resources in \$20 million SEC settlement, not \$21 million. A corrected version follows.
No. 12 Minnesota Women Beat Indiana 61-47 (AP) AP - Janel McCarville had 22 points and 11 rebounds to help No. 12 Minnesota beat Indiana 61-47 on Sunday.
IBM, AMD Team On New Strained Silicon Advanced Micro Devices and IBM have collaborated on new strained silicon technology, which stands to boost transistor speed. In a statement ahead of the IEEE International Electron Devices Meeting in San Francisco 
Sony #39;s PSP nearly sells out on debut SONY, the electronics and gaming giant, said its long-awaited PlayStation Portable (PSP), which can play movies, music and games, had virtually sold out on its home debut today.
IBM plans foray into local home PC market NEW DELHI: IBMs PC business sale could rock the Indian PC market. Virtually missing from the consumer PC market till now, IBM India is already drawing up a blueprint to sell PCs to households.
Amazon UK starts DVD Rentals The worlds most popular online shopping store Amazon has launched DVD rentals on their UK based portal. In addition, to lure customers they are offering an early bird discount of 10 to the members on DVD purchased from the website.
Bhoys bounce back Celtic sent out a chilling winter message to rivals Rangers by responding to their European failure by returning to the top of the Bank of Scotland Premier League table with a 2-0 win at Dunfermline.
Chelsea closing on Premiership title If money can indeed buy happiness, then Chelsea may celebrate its first league title since 1955 when the Premiership season ends next May.
Weis says winning is bottom line at Notre Dame Charlie Weis says his job as Notre Dame #39;s new football coach is to raise expectations and win games. It #39;s as simple as that.
Garcia done for the season with knee injury Berea, OH (Sports Network) - Cleveland Browns quarterback Jeff Garcia will miss the remainder of the season after being placed on injured reserve Monday with a knee injury.
Suicide bombing claims 13 lives in Baghdad on anniversary of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An al-Qaida-linked suicide bomber blew up his vehicle Monday near cars waiting to enter the Green Zone, home to the US Embassy and Iraq #39;s interim government, killing 13 Iraqis on the anniversary of Saddam Hussein #39;s capture.
Pinochet charged with murder A Chilean judge has formally charged former dictator Augusto Pinochet with murder and kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
Market bomb kills 13 in Philippines At least 13 people were killed and dozens injured yesterday when a large explosion ripped through a Christmas market in the southern Philippine city of General Santos.
Sri Lanka probes concert bombing The Sri Lankan authorities have promised a full investigation into a bomb blast during a concert in Colombo on Saturday which killed two people.
U.S. Stocks End Higher After Oracle Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rallied on Monday after  software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; accepted a sweetened  \$10.3 billion buyout by rival Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; and other  big deals raised expectations of more takeovers.
Top Ten National Geographic News Stories of 2004 Cicadas, a possible flooded future, and the discovery of a hobbit-like human were the most popular National Geographic News stories in 2004. Read the full list and "vote" by clicking on the stories.
"Year's Best" Meteor Shower Peaks Tonight Attention skywatchers: Grab a lawn chair and bundle up, because what experts believe will be this year's best meteor shower peaks tonight.
Does Extinction Loom for Australia's Wild Dingoes? Wild populations of Australian dingoes may go extinct within 50 years unless steps are taken to prevent crossbreeding with domestic dogs, scientists and conservationists say.
Ancient and Modern Tattoos Celebrated in Photography Book Since ancient times people have marked their bodies as a form of cultural spiritualism. A new book of photographs looks at tattoos, scarification, and other traditional and modern body markings in more than 30 countries. &lt;b&gt;Photo gallery included.&lt;/b&gt;
PDL Rakes It In A robust revenue stream combined with an exciting drug pipeline is the recipe for success.
Microsoft releases desktop search suite to testers Microsofthas joined the desktop search fray with its release Monday of the beta test version of a suite of tools designed to let users find information stored in their PCs.
3Com to buy Tippingpoint  3Combecame the latest company to scoop up technology for preventing attacks on computer networks, announcing on Monday that it was acquiring TippingPoint Technologiesof Austin, Texas, for \$430 million in cash.
IMAX's Stocking Stuffer The company ups its 2004 guidance after the record-breaking success of Polar Express.
AMD and IBM collaborate on strained silicon AMD and IBM said today they will begin using a strained-silicon transistor technology designed to augment processor performance and power efficiency.
Superhero Gaming NEW YORK - Comic-book villains like Magneto and The Green Goblin typically only blow up imaginary buildings and the occasional costumed crusader.
Left-handers likely to generate the most interest com. Trying to predict who #39;ll be taken in the Major League phase of Monday #39;s Rule 5 draft is about as easy as finding your car in the mall parking lot during the holiday shopping season.
Car bomb in Baghdad kills at least seven At least seven people, all understood to be civilians, have died when a car bomb exploded at a military checkpoint in Baghdad today.
Marlins Sign Todd Jones to One-Year Deal (AP) AP - Reliever Todd Jones agreed to a one-year,  #36;1.1 million contract with the Florida Marlins on Monday, finalizing a deal that was struck in principle late last week at baseball's winter meetings.
Hamas Activist Survives Damascus Blast (AP) AP - A Hamas activist survived a bombing Monday that destroyed his vehicle on a Damascus street shortly after he and his family stepped out, the Palestinian militant group said.
MSN Joins the Desktop Search Fray Microsoft has launched its long anticipated desktop search application, and it's packed with promising features and tools that make it a strong contender coming out the gate.
Poe, Philippine Actor Who Ran for President, Dies  MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine movie legend Fernando Poe  Jr., who came close to unseating Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in  May's presidential election, died on Tuesday after suffering a  stroke, his family said.
MSN Unleashes Desktop Search Microsoft on Monday released its promised desktop search application, focusing on adding local e-mail and file search into MSN #39;s browser toolbar, Outlook and the Windows operating system.
Online Shoppers Vulnerable to Pop-Up Phishing Scam Danish security firm Secunia has issued warnings about a vulnerability in most Web browsers that could allow hackers to hijack pop-up windows on trusted Web sites to launch phishing attacks.
Cassini #39;s Titan Data Awaited from Saturn The Cassini spacecraft zoomed past Saturn #39;s largest moon early Monday, its radars and other science instruments piercing Titan #39;s thick atmosphere in search 
Deal is pending a physical ANAHEIM, Calif. -- The Seattle Mariners, desperate to add some pop to their anemic lineup, coming to a preliminary agreement on a four-year contract with slugger Richie Sexson, pending a physical on Sexson #39;s left shoulder.
Fight for Fallujah continues CAMP FALLUJAH, Iraq After the deadliest day for US forces in Iraq in more than a month -- commanders are making it clear that the work in Fallujah (fuh-LOO #39;-juh) isn #39;t yet coming to an end.
UnitedHealthcare Settles Medicare Charges  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - UnitedHealth Group's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UNH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UNH.N&lt;/A&gt;  UnitedHealthcare Insurance Co. has agreed to pay \$3.5 million  to settle charges that it defrauded the Medicare program, the  Justice Department said on Monday.
Gas Price at 3-Month Low, Diesel Below \$2  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail gasoline prices fell to  their lowest level in three months and the cost of diesel fuel  dropped below \$2 a gallon for the first time in 12 weeks, the  Energy Department said on Monday.
Fed expected to deliver fifth quarter-point rate hike With a fall in oil prices easing inflation concerns, the Federal Reserve is expected to continue its easy-does-it approach to raising interest rates, boosting a key rate by a moderate quarter-point at its final meeting of the year Tuesday.
Supreme Court to Hear File-Sharing Case We knew P2P would get its day in court, but did we think it would go this far? The key issue to be decided is whether file-sharing networks should be held responsible when their users copy works protected by copyright without permission.
Red Sox part ways with longtime team physician The Boston Red Sox are replacing team physician Bill Morgan, who helped stitch together a World Series title by suturing Curt Schilling #39;s ankle and allowing him to stay in the postseason rotation.
Marlins sign Jones to one-year contract Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins made the signing of right- handed reliever Todd Jones official Monday by announcing a one-year contract.
Iran nuclear chief hails  #39;new chapter #39; with Europe after talks Iran #39;s top nuclear official Hassan Rowhani hailed Monday a  quot;new chapter quot; in relations between Tehran and Europe, after talks with key EU ministers on rewards Iran is to receive for suspending uranium enrichment to show it is not making atomic weapons.
Debate On Turkey #39;s Prospects Dominates Run-Up To Summit At a summit this week, European Union leaders must decide when and how to begin membership talks with Turkey. That the summit will approve opening entry talks with Ankara is a forgone conclusion.
US, China taking action on textile trade WASHINGTON, DEC 13: The United States said on Monday it would continue to restrict imports of some textile and clothing products after a decades-old quota system expires in a few weeks, while China, under pressure from Washington, said it would slap a tax 
Global Crossing Founder Escapes SEC Charges Reports said that the SEC felt that Global Crossing founder Gary Winnick #39;s role as non-executive chairman, which is often a position that has limited knowledge of day-to-day operations of a 
Tuesday Morning revises 4Q guidance Closeout retailer Tuesday Morning Corp. (Nasdaq:TUES) on Monday cuts its fourth-quarter earnings per share to 83 cents, well below the \$1.05 a share estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call.
O #39;Keefe to meet on Thursday with LSU chancellor search committee The head of the nation #39;s space program will interview for the job as chancellor of LSU this week. NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, who has ties to Louisiana, has been recruited by LSU officials 
US top court to weigh in on file sharing It #39;s a key argument in the use of file-sharing services -- and it #39;s one that the United States Supreme Court says it will take up.
Bet on Tiger Woods  he is brilliant It was an impressive home victory, even though the tournament, which Woods hosts, doesn #39;t count as an official victory. After the triumph at the Target World Challenge at Thousand Oaks in California, Tiger 
Darfur Peace Talks Resume in Abuja The fourth round of the African Union sponsored peace talks on Darfur to find a solution to the 22-months old crisis resumed in Abuja yesterday amidst continued violence in the Sudanese region.
Iran, Europeans Launch Nuclear Talks Seeking Trust Three European powers and Iran began talks on a long-term agreement on nuclear, economic and security cooperation on Monday with both sides seeking to build trust amid continuing suspicion over Tehran #39;s atomic program.
OracleSoft at Last Plus, IBM enters 21st century, Apple PayPals around, and Will Sprint and Nextel get together?
Tuesday Morning Headache on Monday The company lowers its fourth-quarter and full-year earnings guidance.
Two Internet Domain Names Get Preliminary Approval The Internet's key oversight agency gave a preliminary nod Monday to new domain names targeting mobile services and the jobs market.
China Detains Two Dissident Writers Chinese police detained two prominent dissident writers Monday night in an apparent campaign by the government to reassert authority over liberal intellectuals who have been increasingly outspoken in their criticism of the governing Communist Party, friends and family members said.
Chile's Ex-Dictator Pinochet Is Indicted Gen. Augusto Pinochet was indicted Monday for the kidnapping of nine dissidents and the killing of one of them during his 1973-90 regime, and the former dictator was placed under house arrest.
Finally, Oracle Nails PeopleSoft Eighteen months after it began, the bitter and bizarre takeover battle is over. The new challenge: Make this \$10.3 billion deal work.
Honeywell in \$1.5 Bln Takeover of Novar US manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. (HON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday bid \$1.5 billion in cash for Britain #39;s Novar Plc 
PepsiCo Buys General Mills Joint Venture PepsiCo Inc. (PEP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will pay \$750 million for General Mills Inc. #39;s (GIS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) 40.5 percent stake in their Snack Ventures Europe joint venture, the companies said on Monday.
3Com buys Net phone business 3Com, which makes switches that run corporate data networks, said Monday that it would buy TippingPoint Technologies for \$430 million to add products that bolster security for Internet-based telephone networks.
Boeing Board Approves Dividend Increase Aircraft maker Boeing Co. on Monday said its board approved a 25 percent dividend boost, raising its quarterly distribution to 25 cents per share from 20 cents and its yearly payout to \$1.
Haji-Ioannou:  #39;Easy #39; Win Versus Stelmar Board Former billionaire Stelios Haji-Ioannou loves winning the good fight, whether battling US movie studios, the car rental industry or travel agents.
Krispy Kreme Delays Filing with SEC Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday delayed filing its quarterly financial report with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, citing an ongoing analysis of its accounting practices.
Microsoft launches software for searching desktops Microsoft Corp. on Monday became the second tech-industry giant to offer software for searching through computer desktops - a technology it claims is vastly superior to that launched by Google two months ago.
New Technology From AMD And IBM Boosts Chip Performance The manufacturing technology can result in faster chips without increasing power requirements, say the companies. By Darrell Dunn.
NASA boss prepares to take off NASA #39;s top official, Sean O #39;Keefe, is preparing to resign to pursue a job leading the main campus of Louisiana State University, agency officials confirmed on Monday.
The Geminids are coming It #39;s the end of the year and what better way for stargazers to close it out than by viewing the best meteor shower of 2004? The Geminid meteor shower occurs mid-December every year.
Globus Toolkit Founders Form Company The de facto standard for grid computing will be licensed to companies, and the new venture will contract for technical support of the software and services that can help companies design and run computing grids.
Lockheed to Launch Rocket; Boeing Gets New Date Lockheed Martin Corp. on Monday announced that it will launch its Atlas V rocket on Dec. 17 as planned, while Boeing Co. waited to reschedule a launch of its Delta 
UPDATE 2-Late Bouba Diop strike denies United A late equaliser from Pape Bouba Diop gave Fulham a 1-1 draw at home to Manchester United on Monday and prevented Alex Ferguson #39;s team from moving back into to the thick of the Premier League title race.
Tiger finds his swing at Target We #39;ve seen the smile more lately on Access Hollywood or the Today Show than walking up a fairway, but last week at Sherwood Country Club, it was different.
Belichick adjusts as coordinator takes Notre Dame job Bill Belichick took a few minutes Monday to convey his congratulations to his offensive coordinator on becoming Notre Dame #39;s head coach.
Report: Owners reject players #39; offer, will make counterproposal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (Ticker) - The prospects of an NHL season look to be growing bleaker with each passing day. The Sports Network of Canada reported on its Web site Monday that the NHL will reject the latest proposal 
Nationals sign Cordero to one-year contact Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - The Washington Nationals have signed free-agent first baseman Wil Cordero to a one-year contract, and also agreed to terms with outfielder Jeffrey Hammonds on a minor league deal with an invitation to spring training.
Bomb scare for Spanish fans ABOUT 70,000 people were forced to evacuate Real Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu stadium minutes before the end of a Primera Liga match yesterday after a bomb threat in the name of ETA Basque separatist guerillas.
Lewis Waits For His Rival NEW YORK: Lennox Lewis was the main topic here when it was announced that Vitali Klitschko, the World Boxing Council No. 1 heavyweight contender, will fight Kirk Johnson over 12 rounds at Madison Square Garden on December 6.
Giants ink Matheny to three-year deal SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) - The San Francisco Giants on Monday signed free agent catcher Mike Matheny, who likely will replace AJ Pierzynski behind the plate.
White Sox trade Carlos Lee to Milwaukee for Podsednik, Vizcaino Carlos Lee was traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday for outfielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named.
Romanians Elect Mayor of Bucharest as New President Romanians have elected Traian Basescu as the country #39;s next president in a surprise victory over Prime Minister Adrian Nastase that will also almost certainly prevent his 
Israel blamed for Damascus attack Palestinian source in Beirut says was a failed attempt to kill a member of the militant Hamas group. utility vehicle owned by the unidentified Palestinian, who escaped unhurt.
Patriots Buckle Down Before Weis Moves (AP) AP - Bill Belichick took a few minutes Monday to convey his congratulations to his offensive coordinator on becoming Notre Dame's head coach. Now it's time for Charlie Weis to get back to work for the New England Patriots. Weis will finish the NFL season  #151; at least six more games if the Patriots reach the Super Bowl  #151; and Belichick doesn't expect his impending move will be a distraction.
Group Leader Ends Irish Gov't Relations (AP) AP - Northern Ireland's major Protestant party broke off relations with the Irish government Monday after Prime Minister Bertie Ahern indicated he had accepted the IRA's refusal to provide photographs of disarmament.
Harris to Coach Stanford Football Team (AP) AP - Walt Harris was officially introduced as Stanford's new football coach Monday, given the task of resurrecting a program that struggled in three seasons under Buddy Teevens.
LSE says no to Deutsche Borse takeover offer The London Stock Exchange (LSE) today rejected an offer from Deutsche Borse, its bigger German rival, valuing it at about 1.35 billion (\$2.6 billion), or 530pence per share, a significant premium to Fridays closing price of 430 pence.
General Mills sells Snack Ventures Europe stake for \$750 million MINNEAPOLIS - General Mills announced Monday that it is selling its stake in a European snack operation to PepsiCo for \$750 million.
Tiger casts off paw form TOURNAMENT host Tiger Woods shot a five-under 66 yesterday to overtake a fading Colin Montgomerie and win the \$7 million Target World Challenge in California.
Scoop: King Vitali Spectacular. Again A major statement was made to the heavyweight division on Saturday night: The Klitschko  quot;world domination quot; has officially begun.
Sox get Podsednik, Vizcaino for Lee When White Sox general manager Ken Williams walked briskly through the Anaheim Marriott lobby on Monday, it wasn #39;t because he was excited to inform chairman Jerry Reinsdorf 
Nationals Sign Cordero The Washington-bound team also agreed to terms with outfielder Jeffrey Hammonds on a minor league contract and selected outfielder Tyrell Godwin and third baseman Tony Blano in the Rule 5 draft.
Hamas Member Escapes Damascus Attack, Israel Blamed Syria blamed Israel #39;s Mossad intelligence service for a bombing in Damascus on Monday which a Palestinian source in Beirut said was a failed attempt to kill a member of the militant Hamas group.
Weary Taliban coming in from the cold Some Afghan fighters talk of being duped by bin Laden and pledge to work for his capture.
In Philippines, a renewed bid to drive out terror factions A market bombing in the southern Philippines Sunday killed at least 15 and injured dozens.
Jury says wife killer should die A California jury recommends that Scott Peterson should be executed for murdering his wife and their unborn son.
Nationals Sign Cordero First baseman Wil Cordero agreed on Monday to a one-year contract with Washington.
UAL Sets Salary Cuts; Aims for Savings (Reuters) Reuters - UAL Corp.  on Monday\announced new cuts in employees' salaries as the parent of\United Airlines looks to make  #36;112 million in annual savings\and emerge from bankruptcy protection.
Dollar weakens as market braces for new deficit figures (AFP) AFP - The dollar softened as traders looked past better-than-expected US retail sales and focused on the likelihood that Tuesday's trade figures will show a record deficit.
UAL Sets Salary Cuts; Aims for Savings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - UAL Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  announced new cuts in employees' salaries as the parent of  United Airlines looks to make \$112 million in annual savings  and emerge from bankruptcy protection.
US Air Flight Attendants Ready for Strike  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Flight attendants at bankrupt US  Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; have authorized their union to  authorize a strike should a federal court permit airline  management to void their contract, the Association of Flight  Attendants said on Monday.
Boeing Wins \$928 Mln Missile Defense Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chicago-based Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; has  won a \$928 million contract to field the ground-based midcourse  defense part of a planned U.S. missile defense shield, the  Pentagon announced on Monday.
Bombardier Shares Dive as CEO Quits  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Paul Tellier stepped down as president  and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDsvb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDsvb.TO&lt;/A&gt;  on Monday,  surprising investors and sending the train and plane maker's  shares down as much as 26 percent to a 10-year low.
US brash buys French flash IT IS hard to think of two designers more different in their work, taste and general sensibilities than Tommy Hilfiger and Karl Lagerfeld.
Microsoft debuts beta version of Desktop Search tool Microsoft today launched a beta version of its desktop search tool. This tool is ment to find documents, e-mail and other files stored on your own HDD.
Update: AMD, IBM Announce New Power-Saving Tech AMD and IBM said Monday that they had developed a new strained-silicon process that offers more performance at the same power levels, a technology that will enter production in mid-2005.
NASA #39;s O #39;Keefe Turns In Resignation WASHINGTON -- NASA #39;s director has turned in his resignation, ending three years marked by a space tragedy and extra scrutiny of the space agency.
MS browser gets beating Everyone knows that Microsoft is probably the single most powerful software company in the world. How strange it is therefore, to discover that the mighty giant is being shamed by a group of geek-like programmers 
ITunes Now Accepting Payment Through PayPal ITunes, Apple #39;s online music store, will now accept payments through PayPal. The payment service, which is owned by eBay, allows any individual or business with an e-mail address to send and receive payments online.
Sun Unveils Upgrade Of Thin-Client Platform Sun Microsystems Inc. on Monday unveiled an upgrade of its thin-client platform, which enables access to corporate applications and data through broadband-enabled home and satellite offices.
White Sox deal Lee to Brewers for Podsednik Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Brewers have acquired slugging outfielder Carlos Lee from the Chicago White Sox in exchange for speedy outfielder Scott Podsednik, pitcher Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named later.
A Year After Capture, Saddam #39;s Trial Date Uncertain BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A year ago Monday, Saddam Hussein was pulled out of a spider hole in Iraq and hustled off to a secret location. Since then, the former Iraqi leader has undergone a hernia operation, taken 
Pakistan Turns Up No Signs of Bin Laden Pakistan said Monday there was no evidence Osama bin Laden is hiding in the country, and denied it allowed CIA agents to set up bases along the border to search for the al-Qaida leader.
Ahern apologises to Paisley Irish Premier Bertie Ahern has apologised to Ian Paisley in a bid to halt a new row over IRA disarmament turning into a political crisis, it has been claimed.
UAL Cuts Salaries, Makes \$112 Mln Savings UAL Corp. (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , parent of United Airlines, said on Monday it would cut employees #39; salaries as it looks to make savings and emerge from bankruptcy protection.
People Wait Overnight To Buy Sony #39;s New PSP Game Console They lined up and waited for hours, and in some cases camped out overnight to be the first to own one of Sony #39;s new handheld PlayStaion Portable devices (PSP) in Japan on Sunday.
No. 11 UConn Women Beat St. John's 60-32 (AP) AP - Mel Thomas led No. 11 Connecticut with 12 points, snapping St. John's 11 game-winning streak with a 60-32 victory on Sunday.
Seattle DE May Return if Playoffs in Cards (AP) AP - Seattle defensive end Grant Wistrom has ligament damage in his left knee and will miss up to six weeks, though coach Mike Holmgren said Monday he could be available if the Seahawks reach the playoffs.
White Sox Trade Carlos Lee to Milwaukee (AP) AP - Carlos Lee was traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday for outfielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named.
Tall lefty was second-round pick of Cubs in 2002 Allard Baird would have liked to leave the 2004 Winter Meetings with a little more than the potential for trades in the rearview mirror.
Football; Game 13: the Bengals; History Hard to Shake FOXBORO - Old stereotypes don #39;t die easily, particularly in the age of the Internet. Yesterday, the Bengals became the Patriots #39; 12th victim of the season.
LSE rejects bid from Deutsche Boerse LONDON: Europes top equity market, the London Stock Exchange, has rejected a 1.3bil cash bid from Deutsche Boerse to create a dominant European exchange, but held the door open to talks.
UAL Slashes Salaries United Airlines parent UAL (UALAQ:OTC BB - news - research) set plans to cut nonunion workers #39; pay as part of an effort to slash costs and emerge from bankruptcy protection.
Pedro Martinez Picks Mets Over Red Sox (AP) AP - Pedro Martinez closed in on a four-year deal with the New York Mets, and the Boston Red Sox resigned themselves Monday to losing the three-time Cy Young Award winner.
Judge Hears Geico, Google Trademark Case (AP) AP - A federal judge heard arguments Monday in a trademark dispute that could threaten millions in advertising revenue for search engine Google Inc.
Meteor showers put on a show WASHINGTON, DC - Meteors will shoot across the sky in all directions on Monday night, the peak of the annual Geminid meteor shower.
Mozilla Released Thunderbird 1.0 The Mozilla Foundation (www.mozilla.org), a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet, today announced the worldwide availability of the Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 email client.
Bird Extinctions May Impact Environment WASHINGTON Dec 13, 2004 - About 10 percent of all bird species face extinction by the end of the century and 15 percent more are on the brink, according to researchers who say such extinctions would have a widespread impact on the environment 
Mforma Wins Valuable Marvel Deal The Marvel deal calls for Mforma to work with the comic book giant to develop a variety of mobile applications based on Marvel content.
ChiSox trade Lee to Brewers for Poz, Vizcaino Lee, who batted .305 with 31 homers and 99 RBIs last season, gives the Brewers a right-handed slugger in the middle of the lineup to complement Geoff Jenkins and Lyle Overbay, both left-handed hitters.
Man U concedes late equalizer in 1-1 draw with Fulham Senegalese international Papa Boupa Diop scored on a 30-yard shot with two minutes remaining, earning Fulham a 1-1 tie Monday with Manchester United that kept the Red Devils #39; from gaining ground in the Premier League title race.
ICANN Gives Preliminary OK to 2 Domains (AP) AP - The Internet's key oversight agency gave a preliminary nod Monday to new domain names targeting mobile services and the jobs market.
Pinochet indicted, arrested for murder, kidnapping SANTIAGO (AFP) - Former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet, 89, was indicted and placed under house arrest and may, for the first time, face trial for murders and kidnappings of opponents to his 17-year rule.
Captured: Saddam Hussein, One Year Later One year ago today, the ace of spades in the infamous deck of 55 cards representing the most-wanted people in Iraq, was taken into custody.
Microsoft Debuts Desktop Search Tool (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on Monday\unveiled a new, preliminary version of its search tool for\finding documents, e-mail and other files stored on personal\computer hard drives.
Summary: Oracle Acquires PeopleSoft (AP) AP - TAKEOVER TUG OF WAR: Oracle Corp. ends 18 months of acrimony, boosting its bid for software maker PeopleSoft Inc. by 10 percent to  #36;10.3 billion.
Ten Percent of Bird Species to Disappear - U.S. Study (Reuters) Reuters - Ten percent of all bird species are\set to disappear by the end of this century -- and with them\the services they provide such as cleaning up carcasses and\spreading seeds, U.S. researchers said on Monday.
Vaccinating Mice Could Reduce Lyme Disease (Reuters) Reuters - Vaccinating mice against Lyme\disease may help protect people against the infection, which is\often spread from mice to humans, U.S. researchers said on\Monday.
Portland Head Coach Cheeks Receives Fine  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Portland Trail Blazers head  coach Maurice Cheeks was fined \$7,500 by the league on Monday  for his behavior during this past Friday's game against Utah.
NASA Chief's Resignation Letter to Bush (AP) AP - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe's resignation letter to President Bush:
Climate Experts Confer on Post-Kyoto Steps (AP) AP - International experts, searching for ways to break a deadlock with the United States over climate change, consulted on an array of ideas Monday to lure that No. 1 polluter into a joint effort to control "greenhouse gases," along with such second-rank emitters as China and India.
Spain's Zapatero pins bombs blame on Islamists, calls for anti-terror pact (AFP) AFP - Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero blamed Islamic radicals linked to Al-Qaeda for the March 11 train bombings and called for a cross-party pact against international terrorism, while insisting Spaniards had not been "cowards" to vote for him.
Ad agencies charged hefty fees for no work, sponsorship inquiry told (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Four ad agencies that charged taxpayers more than  #36;350,000 in commissions for a controversial TV series about hockey legend Maurice Richard actually did no work on the series, a public inquiry was told Monday.
Zapatero Says Aznar Deceived Spain Over Train Bombs  MADRID (Reuters) - Spain's prime minister accused the  previous government of deceiving the public about who carried  out the March 11 train bombings and of erasing computer records  for the crucial three days between then and elections.
Ukraine Speaker: Keep Poisoning Out of Campaign  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's influential parliament speaker  called on Monday for a scandal over the poisoning of opposition  leader Viktor Yushchenko to be kept out of the country's  presidential election campaign.
Napier's Chessboard Calculator Isn't Napier the logarithm guy? Yes indeed. A man of varied  talents, he popularized the modern decimal point notation and argued  that the Pope of 1593 was the Antichrist.    And created one of the first devices to automate binary  arithmetic. Using nothing more than a chessboard and some counters, he  developed ways to multiply, divide and even find the square roots of  binary numbers.
Oracle buys PeopleSoft; Denver jobs might be affected Oracle Corp. #39;s acquisition of PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday means about 2,000 Denver-area jobs hang in the balance. An analyst said Denver-area sales and marketing positions within the former JD Edwards line are among the most vulnerable.
Tommy Hilfiger buys Lagerfeld trademarks Tommy Hilfiger Corp. - whose once-hot preppy clothing business has cooled - is making a play to rekindle growth by buying luxury brand Karl Lagerfeld.
Parents Waiting for Waves to Return Kids (AP) AP - As dawn breaks over Sri Lanka's coast, dozens of parents come to the beach where huge waves seized their children a week ago. "They believe their kids are alive and the sea will return them  #151; one day," UNICEF chief Carol Bellamy said on Sunday, after touring this island country's tsunami-devastated shore.
3Com to buy TippingPoint Officials at 3Com said today they have signed an agreement to acquire TippingPoint Technologies, a maker of intrusion-prevention systems.
UnitedHealthcare to Settle Fraud Charges WASHINGTON - UnitedHealthcare will pay the federal government \$3.5 million to settle allegations of fraud stemming from mishandling of telephone calls involving the Medicare program, the Justice Department announced.
Microsoft Enters Desktop Search Fray Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials announced the release of its own desktop search application Monday, hoping to make up Google ground established two months ago.
Ten Percent of Bird Species to Disappear - US Study Ten percent of all bird species are set to disappear by the end of this century -- and with them the services they provide such as cleaning up carcasses and spreading seeds, US researchers said on Monday.
A three-for-one swap ANAHEIM, Calif. Carlos Lee has been traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers for outfielder Scott Podsednik (pahd-SEHD #39;-nihk), reliever Luis Vizcaino (loo-EES #39; vihs-ky-AY #39;-noh) and a player to be named.
Video Games Go Live for Annual Awards Show  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A felon will host, a Playboy model  will work the red carpet, and "the most destructive band in  history" will play on the first major live video game awards  show, airing on Spike TV on Tuesday.
Jets Struggle Once More Against Elite Team (AP) AP - After another loss to a winning team, the New York Jets tried yet again to explain why they always come up short in big games. Reserve running back LaMont Jordan was quick with an answer.
VoIP: Find Out More About 'Net Phone Calling Express features editor Holly Morris discusses Tuesday's special report about local providers of VoIP -- services that let you talk over the Internet with a regular phone and a broadband connection.
Survival of software's fittest In the flat enterprise software market, the message is clear: It's time to hunt or be hunted.
Security's disorderly mess Jon Oltsik explains why a new computing security conundrum presents CIOs with a problem that's not given to an easy solution.
Borland details latest on JBuilder The software company reveals details of update to its flagship Java development tool, JBuilder 2005, available next month. \
Start-up salaries get reality check Honchos at new tech firms have to do more than show up to get the big bucks now, a new study says.
Microsoft cuts OneNote price Software giant knocks \$100--half the original price--off its note-taking application.
Open Text to acquire Artesia The planned buy is only the latest shakeup in the market for content management products.
Found in translation: Microsoft tool talks pretty New Microsoft program smoothes transition from Chinese to English.
Photos: Inside Dell's Austin assembly plant The 300,000-square-foot facility begins to buzz around 8 a.m. and churns continuously for a 10-hour shift (12 on the weekend).
Mets Attract Martinez The New York Mets and free agent Pedro Martinez are close to finalizing a four-year contract for the 33-year-old pitcher.
Nanosys yanks IPO Volatile capital markets cited as nanotech firm--losing money and with no products yet--withdraws initial public stock offering.
Nobel laureate joins solar-cell firm Arno Penzias, who won a Nobel Prize for physics, is now a scientific adviser to Konarka.
Mayo Clinic logs on to Blue Gene IBM supercomputer drafted to help do the math on genes connected to cancer, other diseases.
Start-up to use genes to build better chips Can food-poisoning bacteria E. coli make chips better than humans? Start-up says yes, but primordial soup will take time to steep.
White Sox Trade Carlos Lee to Milwaukee ANAHEIM, Calif. Dec 13, 2004 - Carlos Lee was traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday for outfielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named.
Coleman happy to mix with big boys Fulham boss Chris Coleman insists Monday night #39;s clash with Manchester United holds no fear for his Premiership strugglers. The Cottagers registered a stunning 3-1 victory over Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s men at Old 
Intel awaits government move on expensing options Figuring it's had enough of fighting over options, the chip giant is waiting to see what Congress comes up with.
Update: Darfur peace talks suspended as rebels pull out The third round of peace talks aimedat ending a 22-month-old crisis in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region has been suspended after the rebels accused government forces of continuing attacking them.
Sun shuffles sales execs Executive vice president of sales becomes Sun's executive vice president for strategic development and Sun financing.\
Gateway returns to PC roots Company discontinues many consumer electronics lines to focus on PCs--and profitability.
Internet threats a bleak picture of human future Biological and genetic weapons should take cue from online viruses and worms, British doctors say.
U.S. boosts homeland security budget in 2005 President Bush signs the 2005 budget for funding the Department of Homeland Security, allocating some \$40.7 billion to that agency, an increase of 6.6 percent over 2004.
Report: ZigBee wireless set to swarm The wireless automation technology will see explosive growth over the next few years, a new study predicts.
Honor your sysadmin...be quiet Did you feel that extra jolt of electricity in the air when you arrived at work today? Yes, it's...
Juniper poaches Cisco execs Juniper Networks lands two top Cisco Systems executives to lead a newly developed channel program.
ICANN readies for next-generation Net International body in charge of doling out IP addresses is set to give out new IPv6 addresses.
Earnings reports hint at IP networking growth Juniper Networks sets tone for earnings season--analysts expect strong growth in IP networking.
Routing's rock star Tony Li helped develop some of the most sophisticated Internet Protocol routers in the world for Cisco and Juniper. Now he's ready to dish on his ex-employers.
Photo: Weather data to your desktop This WeatherBug Backyard weather station, dubbed the Wireless Vantage Pro2, streams meteorology data to a desktop.
Photo: XM's portable satellite radio XM Satellite Radio Holdings introduced a handheld portable version of its satellite radio.
Microsoft releases desktop search suite to testers Microsoft today joined the desktop search fray by releasing the beta-test version of a suite of tools designed to let users find information stored in their PCs.
3Com to buy TippingPoint for \$430M The deal will add TippingPoint's UnityOne line of network-based intrusion-prevention system hardware and software to 3Com's stable of enterprise security products.
IBM, AMD develop new use of strained silicon IBM and AMD have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, a technique they said could improve transistor speeds by as much as 24.
Software revenue pushes up Oracle's Q2 earnings Oracle reported second-quarter 2005 earnings that beat analyst expectations today, thanks to new software revenue and continued gains from license updates and product support.
Update: Oracle signs deal to buy PeopleSoft for \$10.3B Oracle has signed an agreement to acquire PeopleSoft for about \$10.3 billion, the companies said this morning.
HIPAA security guidelines being readied A working group made up of members from three organizations plans this month to release guidelines for complying with the data security requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
US Air Flight Attendants Ready for Strike  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Flight attendants at bankrupt US  Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; have authorized their union to  call a strike should a federal court allow airline management  to void their contract, the Association of Flight Attendants  said on Monday.
Microsoft MSN Desktop Search Out Today? Microsoft MSN Desktop Search Out Today?\\Microsoft's MSN division will be holding a teleconference today at 1 pm EST to announce their newest addition to the MSN network. Will it be that MSN Search Beta is going live and full blown? Did they find a new actor to play the butterfly? ...
Stocks: Shares gain as deals encourage investors NEW YORK US stocks rose Monday after the software maker PeopleSoft accepted Oracle #39;s buyout offer and data showed better-than-expected November retail sales, signaling an uptick in consumer spending.
A Pitcher Hopes to Hop Off the Injury Treadmill Jeff Zimmerman's recent baseball biography reads like a broken record, or in a more modern idiom, "Groundhog Day."
UPDATE 1-UAL sets salary cuts; aims for \$112 mln savings UAL Corp. (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday announced new cuts in employees #39; salaries as the parent of United Airlines looks to make \$112 million in annual savings and emerge from bankruptcy protection.
Virginia Tech Women Upset No. 17 Maryland (AP) AP - Carrie Mason had 16 points for Virginia Tech, which hung on to upset No. 17 Maryland 77-67 in the Hokies' Atlantic Coast Conference debut on Sunday.
IBM #39;s storage software owns all of EMC kit IBM has infiltrated deeper into EMC #39;s storage line with a new version of its SAN (storage area network) Volume Controller software.
Woods Wins Exhibition Tournament to End Slump American Tiger Woods has won the annual exhibition golf tournament he hosts, posting a two-stroke victory over Padraig Harrington of Ireland at the Target World Challenge in Thousand Oaks, California.
Real to finish bomb hoax match NO PLAYER will be able to claim that he is tired when the Spanish league match between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad on January 5 goes into injury time, because the teams will have been playing for less than three minutes.
Patriots Outlast Bengals, Clinch Playoff Berth Corey Dillon faced his former team for the first time when it counted on Sunday in Foxboro. Dillon demanded to be let out of Cincinnati and backed up his actions with questionable behavior.
Titans Hold on for 24-19 Win Over Lions (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans promised they wouldn't quit until the season ended. They certainly didn't. Billy Volek threw for 175 yards and a touchdown before being knocked out of the game in the fourth quarter, and the Titans held on for a 24-19 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday. Tennessee snapped its five-game losing skid.
Pinochet arrest warrant suspended A WARRANT placing former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet under house arrest on charges of murder and kidnapping has been suspended after an appeal by his lawyers.
White Sox Deal Lee to Brewers for Podsednik (Reuters) Reuters - The Milwaukee Brewers\have acquired slugging outfielder Carlos Lee from the Chicago\White Sox in exchange for speedy outfielder Scott Podsednik,\pitcher Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named later.
Columnists: Online Extortion Works Online extortion is quietly affecting thousands of businesses, for a very simple reason: it works. The big question then becomes, how will you and your company decide to respond?
Sexual Violence Hit 2 in 3 Liberians in War-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Fighters sexually assaulted some two\thirds of Liberia's population during more than a decade of war\and have not been punished more than a year after the conflict\ended, Amnesty International said on Tuesday.
Trip to New Orleans Tough for North Texas (AP) AP - Getting to the New Orleans Bowl was more difficult than ever for North Texas. The Mean Green open the bowl season against Southern Mississippi on Tuesday night in the Superdome, the culmination of a season that was a struggle on and off the field for the Sun Belt Conference champs.
Ex-Bush Campaign Official Pleads Innocent (AP) AP - President Bush's former New England campaign chairman pleaded innocent Monday to charges that he took part in the jamming of the Democrats' get-out-the-vote phone lines on Election Day 2002.
Bears LB Urlacher Injures Another Hamstring  LAKE FOREST, Ill. (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears  linebacker Brian Urlacher is expected to undergo an MRI exam  this week to determine the severity of a left hamstring injury  he sustained in this past Sunday's game against Jacksonville.
Sexual Violence Hit 2 in 3 Liberians in War-Report  DAKAR (Reuters) - Fighters sexually assaulted some two  thirds of Liberia's population during more than a decade of war  and have not been punished more than a year after the conflict  ended, Amnesty International said on Tuesday.
Are We Puppets or Free Agents? Interpretations of the insanity plea have changed through the ages, but advances in neuroscience promise to redefine free will and personal responsibility, and change the way we think about punishment. By Rowan Hooper.
More Questions for Florida An apparent whistleblower is generating buzz by saying a Florida official sought vote-changing software, but cautious observers say there's plenty of room for doubt. By Kim Zetter.
Playing the Dating Game, DS-Style Though Sprung offers clever dialogue and a unique premise, the repetitive, simplistic gameplay ends the honeymoon early. Chris Kohler reviews the new game for the Nintendo DS.
Count Calories on the Go Gadget-loving dieters will soon have no excuse for giving in to temptation while traveling. The big diet brands like Weight Watchers are coming out with calorie counters and nutritional guides for PDAs and mobile phones.
Chemo: Testing Who Will Benefit A new report says a genetic profiling test already on the market accurately predicts which breast cancer patients will benefit from chemotherapy -- and who won't. It could help 80,000 women a year make better choices about their treatment.
Chilean judge charges Pinochet Chile's former President Augusto Pinochet is charged with murder and kidnapping, but his house arrest is lifted.
Lebanese groups unite over Syria Lebanese opposition parties join forces for the first time to counter Syria's influence over Lebanese politics.
PepsiCo to Buy General Mills #39; European Snacks Stake (Update3) PepsiCo. Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 soft- drink maker, plans to buy General Mills Inc. #39;s stake in their European joint venture for \$750 million in cash, giving it complete ownership of Europe #39;s largest snack-food company.
MIT team aims to mend broken hearts Work could lead to patch for damaged tissue - MIT engineers are significantly closer to mending broken hearts. In a paper to appear the week of Dec 13 in the online edition of the Proceedings of the National 
English Stars Out in Cold David Beckham, Michael Owen and Steven Gerrard found themselves out in the cold tonight as the European Footballer of the Year award went to AC Milans Andriy Shevchenko.
Notre Dame firing Willingham doesn #39;t hold a candle to Kevin #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; That photo above is no longer accurate. I #39;ve shaven my head to protest the firing of ... Kevin from The Apprentice. Dude has a bachelor #39;s from Penn, an MBA from Emory and is working on a law degree from the 
D-Rays add power arm A quick analysis of players picked in the major league portion of the 2004 Rule 5 draft held Monday. Each selection costs \$50,000.
Chilean judge charges Pinochet The former military ruler was indicted over the disappearance of nine opposition activists and the killing of one of them during his 17-year regime.
Oracle Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday agreed to a sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival  software maker Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;, relenting after a  18-month takeover saga marked by personal insults, courtroom  battles and the ouster of PeopleSoft's chief executive.
Oracle, PeopleSoft key facts NEW YORK, Dec 13 (AFP) - Following are key facts about Oracle, which is the number two global software company behind Microsoft, and PeopleSoft, a business software firm that agreed Monday to be bought after an 18-month battle.
DaimlerChrysler, GM in Pact on Hybrids FRANKFURT / DETROIT - DaimlerChrysler and General Motors Corp. will jointly develop new hybrid vehicle technology as they strive to catch up with Japanese rivals on the fuel-saving systems that reduce harmful emissions, the companies said on Monday.
Opposition chief's poisoning dominates Ukraine campaign (AFP) AFP - The poisoning of Ukraine's opposition icon Viktor Yushchenko overshadowed the country's presidential election campaign after the Western-leaning candidate accused the government of trying to kill him, and his pro-Russia rival denied any knowledge of the case.
Samsung Makes Smaller MMC Card for Cell Phones (PC World) PC World - Thumbnail-sized memory card's maximum capacity will be 128MB.
Computer-scouring software rivals Google tool The Redmond, Washington-based software allows the user to quickly locate files on personal computers -- just like Google #39;s two-month-old rival product.
IBM, AMD work on straining silicon IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have come up with a new way of straining silicon in a move that will allow them to make chips with better performance.
Mozilla #39;s Minimo Prepares to Challenge Opera Fresh from their recent successful launch of the open-source Firefox browser, Mozilla may be preparing to challenge Opera for dominance in the mobile browser market, according to a story appearing on ArsTechnica.
Heart  quot;Band-Aid quot; Developed Scientists may have discovered a way of patching injured hearts with manufactured tissue swatches that carry the same properties as actual cardiac tissue.
Temple Defeats No. 22 Rutgers 71-60 Rutgers #39; Nikki Jett (13) fouls Temple #39;s Cynthia Jordan (1) in the second half Monday, Dec. 13, 2004, in Philadelphia. Unranked Temple beat No.
Erickson plans to stick with Niners for now Coach Dennis Erickson is in no hurry to leave the San Francisco 49ers just yet. Erickson responded to the circling rumors about his future Monday, saying he thinks he #39;ll still be employed by the 2-11 Niners at least until January.
Oracle Acquires PeopleSoft in  #36;10.3B Deal (AP) AP - Oracle Corp. finally scooped up bitter rival PeopleSoft Inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a  #36;10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
Calif. Lawmaker Seeks End of Bowl Series (AP) AP - The Republican leader of the California Senate has introduced a resolution calling for the dissolution of the Bowl Championship Series.
Chile #39;s Pinochet facing human rights charges A judge in Chile is once again trying to bring former dictator Augusto Pinochet to trial for humans rights abuses during his 1973-90 regime.
Aleutian Spill Shows Area's Vulnerability (Reuters) Reuters - Alaska's Aleutian Island chain, where\a broken cargo ship has been leaking fuel oil for five days,\needs the type of environmental protections that are given to\better-known areas, a marine wildlife activist said on Monday.
NASA Chief Sean O'Keefe Resigns (Reuters) Reuters - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe\resigned on Monday after three tumultuous years at the U.S.\space agency, which were shadowed by the fatal break-up of\shuttle Columbia and its painful aftermath.
Oracle wins battle for PeopleSoft Oracle has signed a definitive agreement to acquire PeopleSoft for \$26.50 (13.79) per share, or about \$10.3bn. The transaction has been approved by both companies #39; boards of directors and is expected to close by early January.
Stocks End Up as Deals Spark Optimism US stocks rallied on Monday after software maker PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) accepted rival Oracle Corp. #39;s (ORCL.
\$1.3bn LSE bid fuels acquisition fever ACQUISITION fever gripped markets on both sides of the Atlantic yesterday including a 1.3-billion-pound takeover approach for the mid-cap London Stock Exchange from its rival Deutsche Berse.
Unocal to Settle Myanmar Lawsuits Unocal Corp. (UCL) has agreed to settle two closely watched lawsuits accusing the US oil giant of turning a blind eye to human rights abuses that occurred during the 
Permira links with Apollo to join Toys  #39;R #39; Us auction Permira, the private equity firm that owns New Look, has moved to increase its exposure to the retail sector by bidding for Toys  #39;R #39; Us, the struggling toy chain.