Israel releases senior Hamas leader A senior leader of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) in the West Bank was released after two years of detention in an Israeli jail, Palestinian witnesses said Thursday.
Locust swarms advance into Egypt Swarms of locusts blown off the Mediterranean towards the Egyptian capital, Cairo, are not expected to cause major damage to crops.
Portugal to ban smoking in public places (AFP) AFP - Portugal plans to follow the example of other European nations and introduce legislation by the end of the month to ban smoking in most public places, including bars, restaurants and workplaces.
Leading Indicators Down for 5th Month  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A key forecasting gauge of future  U.S. economic activity fell for a fifth straight month in  October, a private research group said on Thursday.
Uribe defends security policies Colombia's President Alvaro Uribe tells the BBC his tough stance on the internal conflict is crucial and effective.
Football: England fury over abuse England's Jermaine Jenas demands action after racist abuse by Spain fans.
Call to exhume Gaza girl's body The Israeli military wants to exhume the body of a 13-year-old girl shot dead in Gaza by soldiers last month.
Merger to spur retail change OK, maybe the merger of Kmart and Sears doesn #39;t exactly put them in the realm of Wally World, but the \$11 billion deal is nonetheless impressive.
US leading indicators fall for 5th straight month WASHINGTON (AFX) - The US economy is losing steam, the Conference Board said Thursday, reporting that the index of US leading economic indicators fell 0.3 percent in October, the fifth straight decrease.
Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam ..... The Microsoft chairman receives four million e-mails a day, but practically an entire department at the company he founded is dedicated to ensuring that nothing unwanted gets into his inbox, the companys chief executive said today.
Overture Extends MSN Relationship Pasadena-based Overture Services, the subsidiary of Yahoo Inc. which provides keyword-based search advertising, announced that it has extended its sponsored search distribution relationship with Microsoft.
Metal Gear Solid 4 Confirmed Konami revealed that plans for Metal Gear Solid 4 are already on the way. Konami Computer Entertainment Japan #39;s President, Motoyuki Yoshioka, said:  quot;We already have ideas in our mind on what the fourth release 
Federer, Moya Dodge the Rain and Post Masters Cup Wins Ending after midnight due to rain delays, Roger Federer finally put his second round robin match in the books early Thursday morning at the ATP Tennis Masters Cup in Houston, defeating Lleyton Hewitt for the fifth consecutive time 6-3, 6-4.
Lippi #39;s experiment draws mixed reactions in Italy The coach and the players were pleased. The fans seemed indifferent. The media was split. Reaction to Italy #39;s 1-0 win against Finland with an experimental squad devoid of all the top 
Pires will be fined for logo gaffe Arsenal midfielder Robert Pires is in hot water again with the French football federation who have announced that he will be fined for wearing the logo of a different sports company to the team #39;s official sponsor Adidas.
Global Warming Treaty Gets Russia #39;s OK Russia #39;s permanent representative to the United Nations, Andrey Denisov, left, shakes hands with UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan while Kenyan Nobel Peace prize winner Wangari Maathai, right, look on after they signed the Kyoto Protocol on global warming.
Russia Ratifies Kyoto, Starts on Feb. 16 (Reuters) Reuters - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto\Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for\the environment pact to come into force in February 2005.
FDA Defends Its Handling of Vioxx Safety (AP) AP - Amid questions about whether the arthritis drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, a key senator suggested Friday that an independent board of drug safety might be needed to ensure the safety of medications after they're approved for the market.
Russia Ratifies Kyoto, Starts on Feb. 16  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto  Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for  the environment pact to come into force in February 2005.
CIA staff told to avoid politics US intelligence chief Porter Goss tells CIA employees not to support opposition to the Bush administration.
Paris set to release Arafat file The French government says it will release the medical files of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to his next of kin.
Broker Downgrades Sink Medtronic (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Medtronic Inc.  on\Thursday sank 7 percent to their lowest level in more than\three months after the medical device maker posted\weaker-than-expected growth in one of its key business units,\sparking at least three broker downgrades.
Intel Rally May Be Premature NEW YORK - Intel certainly surprised many semiconductor industry watchers today with its improving sales forecasts for the current quarter, but not everyone is convinced that all is as rosy as it seems at the world #39;s biggest chipmaker.
Pioneer of Sham Tax Havens Sits Down for a Pre-Jail Chat Jerome Schneider, the nation's best-known seller of phony offshore banks, said that he helped hundreds of rich Americans evade taxes.
Exiles Add to Claims on Iran Nuclear Arms An opposition group said Iran bought blueprints for a nuclear bomb and obtained weapons-grade uranium on the black market.
Military Believes Zarqawi Headquarters Found U.S. soldiers discovered a house in southern Fallujah on Thursday believed to be a main headquarters for Jordanian-born militant Abu Musab Zarqawi, the leader of an insurgent network responsible for bombings, kidnappings and beheadings across Iraq.
For Democrats, library a place to raise voices (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Weeks don't get much better if you are William Jefferson Clinton. For the third time in 12 eventful years, this proud Southern city is bedecked with bunting and banners to welcome the world, this time for today's opening of Clinton's  #36;165 million presidential library.
US Troops Investigated In a re-run of a media escapade from the Vietnam War, a US soldier was caught on film shooting an injured, unarmed prisoner.
Google sees slower revenue growth ahead WASHINGTON - Hugely popular internet search engine Google Inc. cautioned Thursday its current pace of revenue growth is expected to slow.
Gates Gets 4 Million E-Mails a Day Being one of the richest men in the world probably has its upsides, but it most definitely has its downsides as well. One of those downsides is that Bill Gates receives roughly 4 million email messages a day.
Caborn praise for abused players SPORTS Minister Richard Caborn this morning praised the discipline of the England players in the face of the racist chanting which marred last nights 1-0 defeat in Spain.
Olympic Bid Chiefs Condemn Racist Abuse London 2012 leaders today called on their Madrid rivals to condemn the racist abuse suffered by black England players in the Spanish capital.
Annan Calls for End to Civil War in Sudan The United Nations (UN) Secretary-General Kofi Annan called for the civil war in the south of Sudan to be halted as soon as possible.
Chirac, Blair Say Relations Not Strained French President Jacques Chirac and British Prime Minister Tony Blair maintained Thursday that relations between their countries were not strained by their disagreements over the Iraq war, as evidenced by their cooperation on a number of international 
European Parliament approves new, reshuffled executive The European Parliament approved the reshuffled 24-member European Union executive on Thursday, ending a political showdown with incoming EU chief Jose Manuel Barroso over objections to his team.
Futile death of innocent THE sheer bastardry displayed by militants who kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan and who are now widely believed to have killed her has stunned the world.
CSA boss falls on sword over IT systems fiasco EDS: 'badly designed, badly developed, badly tested, badly implemented'
Gold ETF expected to launch Thursday BOSTON (AFX) -- The first exchange-traded fund investing in gold bullion will begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday, said sources familiar with the situation.
Postal Workers Set for Bonus after Finances Boost Postal workers are on course for an 800 bonus after the Royal Mail today reported a huge improvement in its finances and more reliable deliveries.
Owens-Illinois to Sell European Plants Owens-Illinois Inc., the world #39;s largest manufacturer of glass containers, on Thursday said it will sell two of its plants in Europe to Spanish rival Vidrala SA in a \$179 million deal.
MS, Dassault form alliance PARIS: Microsoft and Dassault Systemes of France have agreed to form a strategic alliance for Dassault Systemes product lifecycle management (V5 PLM) and 3D design solutions.
Halo 2 XBL Content Download Available Bungie has released the first additional content for Halo 2, downloadable through Xbox Live. When you first boot up Halo 2 and sign in to XBL, you should be prompted to download the content, which is free as part of your Xbox Live membership.
Blair office condemns racist chanting amid calls for Spain to play &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The British government led the condemnation Thursday of the racist abuse directed by Spanish fans at England #39;s black soccer players.
Honda bought BAR - report Honda has bought a 40 per cent chunk of Formula One team BAR, numerous media outlets claimed on Wednesday. Brackley-based BAR, presently owned by British American Tobacco, agreed a deal - said to involve the 
Sprinters Charged With Dodging Drug Test Greek sprinter Katerina Thanou, center, arrives in court to appear before a public prosecutor in Athens, on Tuesday, Sept. 7, 2004.
Annan urges security council warning on Sudan Kofi Annan today called on the UN security council to issue  quot;the strongest warning quot; to forces fighting in Sudan to bring an end to the civil war in the south and the crisis in the western Darfur region.
Australian PM says body found in Fallujah likely missing aid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Canberra, Australia-AP) Nov. 18, 2004 - Australia #39;s prime minister says it #39;s likely that a body found in the Iraqi city of Fallujah is that of aid worker Margaret Hassan.
On Google's Horizon ... Microsoft Execs at the world's favorite search engine are predicting stormy seas ahead. Does it have anything to do with Microsoft's charge into search and online ad delivery? &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
WTO Rules Against EU Protection of Goods (AP) AP - The United States and Australia prevailed in an interim ruling by the World Trade Organization in a dispute over protection given by the European Union to its regional goods such as Champagne wine and Feta cheese, trade officials said Thursday.
PeopleSoft Threatens Oracle with Suit PeopleSoft's chief executive on\Thursday said Oracle was spreading misleading information about\his stock sales and he threatened to sue for defamation on the\eve of the expiration of Oracle's \$8.8 billion hostile tender\offer.
Google Shares Fall on 4Q Revenue Warning Shares of Google Inc. slipped in pre-market trading Thursday after the world's most popular Internet search engine warned for the second time in a week that its fourth-quarter revenue growth rate is likely to slow from previous quarters.
Castro Raises Doubts About Bin Laden Tape (AP) AP - Fidel Castro says the emergence of an Osama bin Laden videotape just ahead of the U.S. presidential election seemed to have been "arranged" to help President Bush.
USDA: Mad Cow Test Result 'Inconclusive' (Reuters) Reuters - First-round screening tests returned\"inconclusive" results for mad cow disease from one animal and\samples were being submitted for final and more sophisticated\analysis, the U.S. Agriculture Department said on Thursday.
Russia Ratifies Kyoto, Starts on Feb 16  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto  Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for  the environment pact to come into force in February 2005.
Merger unites retail giants Two retail giants announced a merger on Wednesday that could mean job loss in Terre Haute and nationally. Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears, Roebuck and Co.
US Economy: Leading Indicators Fall for 5th Straight Month A barometer of future US economic activity fell for a fifth month in October, the longest decline since 1995, signaling that the world #39;s largest economy may slow in coming months.
Williams-Sonoma Net Rises 19; Shares Fall on Outlook (Update3) Williams-Sonoma Inc., operator of home furnishing chains including Pottery Barn, said third-quarter earnings rose 19 percent, boosted by store openings and catalog sales.
ETF Investors Going for Gold Traders awoke Thursday to find a new gold-backed security, StreetTracks Gold (GLD:NYSE - commentary - research), trading on the New York Stock Exchange under symbol GLD.
FDA defends its handling of Vioxx safety Amid questions about whether the arthritis drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, a key senator suggested Friday that an independent 
XM Satellite convertible debt priced XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. (XMSR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said a \$300 million offering of senior notes convertible into common stock has been priced at \$50 a share.
Microsoft #39;s Ballmer repeats Linux patent claim A REPORT said Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has warned Asian governments contemplating using Linux that they risk being sued for using the operating system.
IBM to put its personal computer business up for sale, may fetch &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN FRANCISCO: IBM is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to \$2 billion and would cap a gradual withdrawal from the business it helped to pioneer in 1981.
Conectiva, Mandrakesoft, Turbolinux, Progeny Form Core Linux Group Four Linux vendors have joined together to develop technology that would potentially make it easier for software makers to build products for multiple distributions of the open-source operating system.
Apple to open two new UK retail stores Apple confirmed Thursday plans to open two new retail stores in the UK. Apple #39;s senior vice president of retail Ron Johnson confirmed the company #39;s plans in a press event for the opening of Apple #39;s first retail 
IBM:  #39;Inertia #39; holding back government desktop Linux adoption Senior IBM executives have signalled that a few key government departments moving to Linux on the desktop will have a domino-like effect on the rest of the public sector.
Spurrier to Coach South Carolina The Nashville Tennessean reports Spurrier has agreed to take over at South Carolina if Lou Holtz retires. Spurrier won a national championship and six SEC championships in 12 seasons at Florida before leaving to take the Washington Redskins job.
Defenseman boasted 10 world titles, 3 Olympic golds MOSCOW -- The Soviet Union #39;s most successful ice hockey player, Alexander Ragulin, has died at 63, his former club CSKA Moscow said Thursday.
Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq French President Jacques Chirac agreed to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the Middle East, when Britain heads the G8 and European Union in 2005.
Paris set to release Arafat file France says it is ready to release the medical records of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to his nephew. French officials have so far denied the files to Palestinian leaders saying only family are entitled to the see them under French privacy laws.
Panel aims to flush away worlds toilet problems I am often criticized for writing immature bathroom humor, and not enough about important topics. So today Im going to write about a major international event that takes place Nov. 17-19 in Beijing, China: The World Toilet Summit.
F.D.A. Defends Its Handling of Vioxx Safety Issues Amid questions about whether the drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, Senator Charles Grassley called for more safety precautions.
Yahoo, SBC Expand Internet Deal to Video, Wireless (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc.  and SBC\Communications Inc.  have expanded an alliance to link\Internet, video, wireless and home networking services, the\companies said on Thursday.
Global Experts Unite to Study Water Shortages (Reuters) Reuters - Seventy percent of global water usage is taken up by\agriculture and using water efficiently is seen as key in\preventing serious shortages, with experts studying river\basins across the world for clues to boost food production.
Russia Ratifies Kyoto, Starts on Feb 16 (Reuters) Reuters - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto\Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for\the environment pact to come into force in February 2005.
Casey Overcomes Demons to Give England Solid Start  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - England's Paul Casey fought off  the demons of regret to help steer his team to within a stroke  of the WGC World Cup first round lead Thursday.
Sweden Readies for Space Rocket Launch (AP) AP - Swedish Space Corp. workers on Thursday carried out final preparations on a rocket carrying weightlessness experiments that is due to be launched next week.
NOAA U.S. Winter Weather Forecast: Mixed  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Affected by a weak El Nino, winter  weather in the United States will be warmer in the West and  cooler and wetter in the South and Southeast, forecasters  predicted Thursday.
One Woman, Uh-Huh, but So Many Guises Whoopi Goldberg's intermittently funny but sluggish evening of comic portraiture is a show in desperate need of a stringent theatrical intelligence.
Egypt Demands Israel Explain Killing of 3 Policemen  CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt protested angrily to Israel on  Thursday and demanded a full explanation for what it called  irresponsible Israeli conduct after an Israeli tank crew killed  three Egyptian policemen at the Egyptian-Gaza border.
EADS quells Thales merger talk European aerospace firm EADS quashes speculation it was poised to take over the French defence electronics firm Thales.
Redskins' Taylor Cleared in Spit Incident (AP) AP - The NFL will not fine Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor after looking into allegations that a Cincinnati player was spit on during Sunday's game.
Merger excites Kmart staff Accustomed to the uncertainty that has dominated their jobs in recent years, local Kmart workers seemed almost relieved by Wednesday #39;s announcement of a merger with Sears, Roebuck and Co.
FDA defends its actions on Vioxx safety WASHINGTON - Congress is looking into whether the Food and Drug Administration shirked its duty by ignoring safety concerns about Vioxx raised by its own reviewers and outside scientists.
UPDATE 1-Gold-backed security lists on NYSE, then slips A new gold-backed security named streetTRACKS Gold Shares made a much-hyped debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday, aimed a attracting the investment capital that helped lift the bullion price to a 16-year high 
Irish Government To Probe Alleged EUR1B Tax Scam DUBLIN (Dow Jones)--The Irish government will next year begin an investigation into an alleged EUR1 billion tax evasion scam in the insurance industry, the chairman of the Revenue Commissioners said Thursday.
MPAA files first suits against movie file-swappers The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) has announced that it has begun filing lawsuits against people who use peer-to-peer (P2P) software to trade movie files without permission over the internet.
Apple confirms two additional UK stores at preview event UK to gain two more Apple retail stores in early 2005, company officials confirmed on Thursday afternoon. Two days before officially opening the doors to its new retail store on Regent Street in London, Apple 
Microsoft, Dassault Form Strategic Alliance In a joint statement, Microsoft and Dassault said using the Microsoft platform will cut ownership and integration costs of using the Dassault software, widening the potential customer base.
Transport ship fails to raise ISS to designated orbit. MOSCOW, November 17 (Itar-Tass) -- The Russian transport ship Progress failed to raise the International Space Station to the designated orbit on Wednesday.
 #39;Halo 2 #39; a must-have for casual, hard-core gamers alike There #39;s a balance to making a sequel to a successful video or computer game. The developer, at the very least, is expected to match the quality of the first game.
Racially Offensive Search Terms To Be Banned By EBay Internet auction house eBay has announced that they will be taking preventative action against users searching for racially sensitive items.
Racist chants BRITISH Sports Minister Richard Caborn has hit out at the racist abuse suffered by black England players during their friendly match.
Cricket: Oram and Sinclair overcome blunders New Zealand #39;s bid to rescue the first test against Australia has started a shade sooner than expected. Given little chance of upsetting the world champions, New Zealand were living up to their 
Blair and Chirac pledge unity Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac today promised to work together on restoring stability in the Middle East while drawing a line under their past differences over the war in Iraq.
SBC, Yahoo! Expand Multimedia Services (AP) AP - SBC Communications Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. are expanding their partnership in high-speed Internet access to make news, entertainment and other services available not just on computers but also on cell phones, televisions and other devices.
Commander: Iraq Insurgents Killed American (AP) AP - Insurgent forces in Fallujah attacked U.S. Marines and Iraqi government forces from a house inside the city Thursday, killing one Marine and one Iraqi soldier, a Marine commander said.
Bloodshed in N.Iraq, Govt. Hails Falluja 'Success'  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Guerrillas in Mosul attacked the  governor's office of Iraq's third city on Thursday and there  was bloodshed elsewhere in the north as U.S. forces wound down  their offensive against the shattered rebel stronghold of  Falluja.
Shoppers give Sears, Kmart merger mixed reviews TRAVERSE CITY - Word of the merger between retail giants Sears and Kmart struck some local shoppers like an out-of-the-blue-light special - while others found it as exciting as a 25-cent rebate.
Dollar posted a new record low Dollar fell to an all-time low of \$1.3068 against euro on Wednesday. Against yen, it slipped to 103.66, the lowest level since April 1. Market analysts contemplate the possibility of dollar-euro exchange rate reaching \$1.35 and 100 yen within months.
FDA defends its handling of Vioxx safety Amid questions about whether the arthritis drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, a key senator suggested Friday that an independent board of drug safety might 
BT wins reprieve on break-up BT has won a reprieve after telecoms regulator Ofcom backed away from demanding the former state telecom monopoly #39;s break-up, calling instead for it to offer rivals equal access to its network.
Duffield: Oracle #39;s skewing facts on stock sales At the 11th hour for Oracle #39;s latest tender offer for PeopleSoft, the battle between companies continues to escalate. PeopleSoft founder and Chief Executive David Duffield on Thursday accused Oracle of issuing 
Intel chief sees better global performance NEW DELHI -- Intel Corp., the world #39;s largest computer chip maker, is expected to report higher revenue from global operations in the first half of 2005 than in the same period this year, chief executive Craig Barrett said.
ING Sells Insurance Unit to Prudential ING Group NV will sell its Atlanta-based life insurance business to Britain #39;s Prudential PLC in a \$256.8 million deal designed to realign the Dutch financial services giant #39;s international operations.
Evening Gazette Our Say The Royal Mail #39;s proud boast that it is making 1m a day profit will come as little consolation to those who feel the service is still poor.
Humans born to be endurance runners: anthropologists LONDON - It #39;s our ability to run, not walk, that sets humans apart as the world #39;s dominant species, researchers say. According to an anatomical analysis by two US scientists, we #39;re built to run.
Microsoft Threatens Lawsuits Over Linux Microsoft Chief Operating Officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday warned Asian governments that they could face intellectual rights-infringement lawsuits for using rival open-source operating platforms such as Linux.
Microsoft extends Overture ad contract Yahoo #39;s Overture Services division has extended its deal to provide ad placement technology to Microsoft Web portal MSN.com, the companies said Thursday.
Klinsmann Seeks Confident Strikers Germany coach Jrgen Klinsmann revealed that he has been working on the confidence of his strikers after Wednesday #39;s 3-0 success over Cameroon in Leipzig.
Time for US Moderation THE KIDNAPPING and murder of foreigners in Iraq is continuing. Many of those kidnapped have been engineers or other support workers for the coalition forces.
Middle East Approaches That Won #39;t Work Brent Scowcroft #39;s Nov. 12 op-ed column,  quot;A Middle East Opening, quot; was a reminder of the Middle East policy that failed the first George Bush and his successor, Bill Clinton.
Egypt blasts shooting, requets probe Egypt strongly condemned the killing of three of its policemen by Israeli tank fire Thursday, demanding an immediate investigation.
OPEC Projects Big Winter Oil Stockbuild  LONDON (Reuters) - The OPEC cartel on Thursday revised down  its expectations of oil demand growth for next year and  projected a rare big winter stockbuild if the group keeps  producing at current levels.
NEC, Panasonic jointly develop Linux-based platform for mobile phones (AFP) AFP - Japanese electronics giants NEC Corp. and Panasonic Mobile Communications said they have jointly developed a Linux-based software platform which offers third-generation mobile phones-users more services on their handsets.
Leading Indicators Down for 5th Month  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A key forecasting gauge of future  U.S. economic activity fell for a fifth straight month in  October, a private research firm said on Thursday.
Hi-tech grandpas to offer support for Japan's small businesses run by elders (AFP) AFP - A team of tech-savvy but patient experts in their 50s and 60s has been set up to offer consultancy for Japan's growing number of elderly small business owners on their computer needs, the Japanese arm of IBM said.
Pakistan Arrests Suspect in U.S. Consulate Blast (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani security forces have\arrested an Islamic militant suspected of involvement in a 2002\bomb attack on the U.S. consulate in Karachi in which 12\Pakistanis were killed, officials said on Thursday.
Commons advised not to waive privilege protecting key sponsorship witness (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The House of Commons should not waive the legal privilege that protects a key witness at the federal sponsorship inquiry, a panel of MPs recommended Thursday.
NOAA: Winter Weather Warmer in West, Cooler in East  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Winter weather in the United States,  affected by a weak El Nino, will be warmer in the West and  cooler and wetter in the South and Southeast, forecasters  predicted Thursday.
Microsoft's e-mail policy at issue in legal fight Burst.com, a streaming-media firm suing Microsoft for patent infringement, alleges that Redmond axed e-mails crucial to the case.
Duffield:  Oracle's skewing facts on stock sales PeopleSoft's CEO fires back at rival, saying it's wrong about his stock transactions. Both companies scramble ahead of Friday deadline.
Sprinters Charged With Dodging Drug Test (AP) AP - Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou and their coach were charged Thursday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later.
For developers, it's not all fun and games Employees at game software makers are speaking out about demanding hours, challenging companies to change their ways.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Family time for former EA worker
Defense Seen As Key in Auburn-Alabama Game (AP) AP - Alabama has the nation's top pass defense and ranks second overall. No team in major college football allows fewer points than No. 2 Auburn.
European gold peaks, eyeing weak dollar Gold, benefiting from a weak dollar, peaked at \$444.60 an ounce in Europe on Wednesday, and traders said the metal could rise higher still.
Oil prices turn lower again as rally fades LONDON, Nov 18 (AFP) - Oil prices continued their decline Thursday after a brief rally on the back of renewed concerns over heating oil stocks in the United States fizzled out.
Senator Says FDA Ignored Own Scientists on Vioxx The Food and Drug Administration ignored danger signals from its own scientists about Merck and Co. Inc. #39;s Vioxx painkiller, Sen. Charles Grassley told a hearing Thursday into the drug #39;s withdrawal in September.
Google Warns on Revenue Growth Google has warned that the rapid revenue growth it experienced in the third quarter may not continue in the fourth quarter and beyond.
Netflix ups forecast on price cuts Online DVD rental company Netflix Inc. raised its subscriber and revenue forecasts for the fourth quarter, saying a price cut had helped draw new customers.
Pitney Bowes wins Bank of America mailing contract STAMFORD, Conn. -- Mail and document management company Pitney Bowes Inc. said Thursday it has signed a \$112 million mailing services contract with banking giant Bank of America Corp.
Future of EU Patent Legislation in Doubt (AP) AP - The future of controversial European Union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt Thursday after the Polish government switched sides, saying the directive could hurt small and medium-sized businesses.
Microsoft Warns Asian Governments of Linux Lawsuits (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian\governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for\using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows\software.
Charming Shoppes Looking Better If Lane Bryant continues to perform, the retailer's shares should continue their rise.
CRM Software's Glass Slipper Custom CRM software developer Salesforce.com is still growing at warp speed, although it may take a natural dip in 2005.
Is Multimedia Games a Buy? Multimedia Games might appear cheap, but most investors should stick to the bigger slot makers.
Philly Fed: Factories Slowed in November  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Factory activity in the U.S.  Mid-Atlantic region slowed in November, but held in positive  territory as the outlook for the future bounced back from  depressed levels, a survey showed on Thursday.
Yukos lawyer faces arrest warrant Russian authorities pile the pressure on oil firm Yukos, arresting an official at its Moscow office and issuing an arrest warrant for the firm's leading lawyer.
U.S. Airlines' October Unit Revenue Declined  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A key measure of U.S. airline industry  revenue slipped more than expected in October, pressured by  excess capacity, weak demand and a lingering impact from  hurricanes in Florida, analysts said.
Greek Sprinters Charged Over Missed Test  ATHENS (Reuters) - Disgraced Greek sprinters Costas  Kenteris and Katerina Thanou were charged Thursday with missing  drugs tests on the eve of August's Athens Olympics and faking a  motorcycle accident.
EU Drafts UN Nuclear Resolution on Iran-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - France, Britain and Germany are drafting  a resolution on Iran for a key meeting of the U.N. nuclear  watchdog next week and Washington is pushing the trio to  include some tough language, diplomats said on Thursday.
Fisis ready to go! Giancarlo Fisichella will test the Renault R24 for the first time next Wednesday, and hes raring to go!
Gates: Even Microsoft Master Is Plagued By  #39;Spam #39; Think you get spam? Imagine having an Internet profile like Bill Gates. The Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) chairman gets millions of e-mails every day, according to Chief Executive Steve Ballmer.
Bill Gates Signs UNESCO Agreement Microsoft has signed a pact to work with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) to increase computer use, Internet access and teacher training in developing countries.
Future of EU patent legislation in doubt The future of controversial European Union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt Thursday after the Polish government switched sides, saying 
Internet Life EBay Restricts Use of Racially Offensive Terms EBay has given notice that from now on, racially offensive terms may be used only if they are part of a book, movie or other product title.
FIFA demand explanation from Spain World soccer #39;s governing body will investigate the racial taunting of England #39;s black players by Spanish soccer fans during two international matches this week.
100m profit for London Olympics, but Paris favourite London, Nov. 18 - London #39;s 2012 Olympic bid could make a profit of 100 million which would be ploughed back into grassroots sport, it emerged today, while a strong Paris bid launched yesterday, stressing 
CONCACAF qualifying round-up Panama, Costa Rica and Trinidad  amp; Tobago grabbed the last three final hexagonal places available on Wednesday as the semifinal round of CONCACAF qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup came to a close.
US Women #39;s Soccer Under-19 Beats Spain Jessica Rostedt, right, of the US fights for the ball with Zurine Gil Garacia of Spain during the first half of their U-19 Women #39;s World Cup Championship match at Surakul Stadium in Phuket, southern Thailand, Thursday, Nov. 18, 2004.
Controversy Again: Owens #39; ABC Spot Catches Heat WR Terrell Owens found himself in the middle of yet another controversy this week. Owens agreed to a request by ABC to take part in a two-minute intro to the Eagles #39; Monday Night Football appearance against the Dallas Cowboys.
Rooney Urged to Control Aggression David Beckham has joined forces with Sven-Goran Eriksson to warn Wayne Rooney that he must learn to channel his fiery aggression in the right manner.
World Bank Is Ready to Fund Projects The World Bank is ready to fund development projects in Kashmir if that helps bring peace to the insurgency-wracked region, President James D. Wolfensohn said Thursday as he pledged US\$9 billion in aid to India over the next three years.
3 smugglers killed as tunnel collapsed Three Palestinians were killed Thursday in the collapse of a tunnel they were digging on the border between Rafah in southern Gaza and Egypt.
Key Militant Suspect in Deadly US Consulate Bombing Arrested Consulate in Karachi two years ago, but another key member of his network remains at large, a senior official said Thursday. Naveed-ul Hassan was detained Wednesday at a clothing shop he had been running for 
Philly Fed: Factories Slowed in November (Reuters) Reuters - Factory activity in the U.S.\Mid-Atlantic region slowed in November, but held in positive\territory as the outlook for the future bounced back from\depressed levels, a survey showed on Thursday.
Stage Stores 3Q Profit Dips, Meets Views Specialty department store retailer Stage Stores Inc. on Thursday said its third-quarter results met Wall Street expectations, even though its profit dropped against a year-ago gain.
Blue Chips Gain, Led by Tobacco Stocks US blue chips rose on Thursday, led by tobacco stocks, while technology share were under pressure by a warning from Applied Materials Inc.
Burma frees thousands from jail Burma's military leaders release nearly 4,000 prisoners ruled to have been jailed using "irregular" means.
Microsoft Warns Asian Govts of Linux Lawsuits  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian  governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for  using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows  software.
Limited Brands Lifts Operating Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Limited Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LTD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported higher quarterly operating profit as cost  controls and strong lingerie sales offset poor results at the  retailer's Express apparel stores.
Russia Arrests 2 in Deadly School Seizure (AP) AP - Authorities have detained two residents of the southern province of Ingushetia on suspicion of being linked to terrorists who held more than 1,000 people hostage in a school in September, officials said Thursday.
Ex-Wal-Mart Exec Pleads Guilty to Kickback (AP) AP - A former Wal-Mart Stores Inc. executive pleaded guilty to taking a kickback from a supplier to the world's largest retailer.
Japan, China Try to Smooth Over Tensions (AP) AP - Japanese and Chinese officials were trying to arrange a meeting between the leaders of their two countries on the sidelines of a weekend summit to try to calm rising tensions, authorities said.
Kmart purchase highlights struggle for once-huge Sears Sears, Roebuck and Co. was once on top of the world, reveling in the popularity of its  quot;big book quot; catalog from company headquarters in the world #39;s tallest building.
Tom Hauck/Getty Images 1. Rapper Snoop Dogg attended practice Tuesday with No. 1 USC as a guest wide receiver. The Trojans were delighted by the star #39;s presence, as were a group of pee-wee football players watching practice that day.
Barrett sees better performance in  #39;05 Intel expects a much better performance in the first half of next year, CEO Craig Barrett said Thursday. In October, the bellwether for the technology sector reported a 15 percent rise in third-quarter earnings 
Calpers Tenders 1.5 Mln PeopleSoft Shares to Oracle (Update2) The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, the largest US pension fund, tendered its PeopleSoft Inc. shares to Oracle Corp.
Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates gets millions of spam daily If you didn #39;t think anybody else could possibly get any more spam than you, then think of Bill Gates. The Microsoft Corp. chairman receives 4 million pieces of e-mail per day, most of it junk, said Steve Ballmer, the company #39;s chief executive.
AOL to Release 9.0 Security Edition The message coming from America Online could not be any clearer:  quot;We will keep our customers safe online. quot; Even though the market is awash with security software, AOL has stepped in for its members and delivered a fortified version of AOL 9.0, dubbed 
London Apple Store Opens to Media The store covers two floors on London #39;s upscale Regent Street. Apple said the store has the largest single sales floor of any Apple retail store and a 14-meter long Genius Bar with 20 stools.
Richardson backs UC lab bid New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson is urging the University of California to stay in the competition to run three of the nation #39;s scientific laboratories.
OLYMPICS  #39;WILL MAKE 100m PROFIT #39; More than 100million profit is expected to be made from staging the 2012 Olympic Games in London, it has been claimed. The estimate forms part of the London 2012 bid book handed into the International Olympic Committee on Monday.
Return of the Ol #39; Ball Coach Any day now -- probably following his team #39;s regular-season finale Saturday against Clemson -- South Carolina coach Lou Holtz is expected to announce his retirement.
Hot Stove Truth  amp; Rumors: Nov. 18, 2004 No sooner had the Tigers introduced Troy Percival on Wednesday as their new closer than the subject turned to the next former Angel in whom the Tigers are interested -- Percival #39;s friend, Troy Glaus.
Start the party #39; _ Beaujolais Nouveau arrives in the US The 2004 Beaujolais Nouveau is well-balanced,  quot;with aromas of raspberry and gooseberry, quot; vintner Franck Duboeuf said as he uncorked a few bottles at a Manhattan wine shop on Thursday.
House Starts Process to Raise Debt Limit (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Thursday prepared to raise the nation's debt ceiling by  #36;800\billion, taking the new limit to  #36;8.184 trillion.
Union anger at SA telecoms deal South African unions describe as "disgraceful" the use of public money to buy telecoms shares for former government officials.
Mid-Atlantic Factory Growth Slows in Nov.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Output growth at U.S. Mid-Atlantic  factories eased in November but still suggested the  manufacturing sector was operating at a healthy clip.
Security Council agrees on Sudan resolution as foes pledge imminent deal (AFP) AFP - UN ambassadors agreed here unanimously on the text of a resolution aimed at restoring peace to war-ravaged Sudan, as the country's main foes promised to conclude talks on their 21-year-old conflict by the end of the year.
IMF chief counsels Putin on how to double Russia's growth (AFP) AFP - IMF Director General Rodrigo Rato urged Russian President Vladimir Putin to limit state intervention in the economy and keep a close eye on inflation in order to meet his goal of doubling output by 2010.
Dollar Up from Fresh Lows Vs Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar turned higher on Thursday  afternoon, rallying from all-time lows against the euro when  traders took profits in the euro zone currency ahead of a G20  finance ministers' meeting in Berlin this weekend.
Russia's Putin Defends Political Reforms  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said  Thursday he had no plans to grab more power or change the  constitution when reforming Russia's government structure,  dismissing fears in the West he is watering down democracy.
US leading indicators reveal sluggish economy: Conference Board (AFP) AFP - The US economy is  quot;losing steam, quot; the Conference Board said, reporting that the index of US leading economic indicators fell 0.3 percent in October, marking the fifth straight decline.
Williams-Sonoma Lowers Forecast Housewares retailer Williams-Sonoma Inc. (WSM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday cut its forecasts for fourth-quarter sales and earnings per share, and its shares fell 6 percent.
SBC, Yahoo Reach Beyond the PC Responding to the convergence of networks and the growth of connected devices, SBC (Quote, Chart) and Yahoo are expanding their successful Internet access and content partnership beyond the PC.
UPDATE 3-Limited Brands lifts operating profit Limited Brands Inc. (LTD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported higher quarterly operating profit as cost controls and strong lingerie sales offset poor results at the retailer #39;s Express apparel stores.
Oracle Issues Appeal as PeopleSoft Deadline Nears Oracle has sent an open letter to PeopleSoft stockholders, urging them to accept its \$24-er-share bid to buy the company. Oracle charges that PeopleSoft #39;s board has denied shareholders the 
Bond Set For Man Accused In Wal-Mart Shooting FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. -- Bond was set Tuesday for an Oklahoma man who is accused of opening fire outside a Fayetteville Wal-Mart. Henry Bunch, of Stilwell, Okla.
Corinthian Colleges co-founder quits CEO post SANTA ANA, Calif. (Dow Jones/AP) - Corinthian Colleges Inc. said Thursday it has named Jack Massimino president and chief executive to succeed co-founder David Moore, who remains chairman.
Bill Gates world #39;s number one target of spam Bill Gates gets 4 million emails a day according to Microsoft #39;s CEO Steve Ballmer. There are two people who probably are the number one spam recipients in the world, Ballmer said at a Microsoft event in Singapore Bill Gates because he is Bill Gates.
Google hints at slowing growth Google does not expect to maintain the same pace of revenue growth it has recorded over the last several quarters, the company acknowledged Thursday in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing.
Britain condemns racist taunts; FIFA calls for probe The British government condemned racist taunts by fans in Spain aimed at black players on England #39;s team during an exhibition game, and soccer #39;s governing body ordered an investigation Thursday.
Russia presents Kyoto ratification to UN Russia #39;s ambassador to the United Nations Thursday formally presented Moscow #39;s ratification of the Kyoto global warming treaty to Secretary-General Kofi Annan.
Straw in Bid to Kick Start Mideast Peace Talks Sponsors of an internationally backed Mideast peace plan will send their foreign ministers to the region next week in hopes of restarting peace talks in the wake of Yasser Arafats death.
Whose Ad Is This? Advertisers Play with Web Films  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the manager of a coin-operated  laundry seduces a mother and daughter and convinces them to  skip town, there's bound to be trouble, or perhaps a movie  plot.
FDA Defends Its Handling of Vioxx Review Responding to public criticism of its handling of the controversial arthritis drug Vioxx, the US Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday defended its oversight of the monitoring process and said it acted in the best interests of the public #39;s safety.
US jobless claims drop last week, hopeful sign for labour market The number of Americans filing new applications for unemployment benefits dipped last week, offering a hopeful sign for recovery in the labour market.
Update 2: Authorities Arrest Yukos Unit Manager Authorities intensified the pressure on the OAO Yukos oil giant Thursday, arresting a manager at a key subsidiary and issuing an international arrest warrant for the company #39;s chief lawyer.
SBC to offer VoIP service By Staff and wire reports . In a move to stave off competitors, SBC Communications Inc. will offer residential Voice over Internet service in early 2005.
Universal Life cooperating in insurance probe Insurance broker Universal Life Resources (ULR) has agreed to cooperate with California authorities in their investigation of alleged insurance industry misdeeds, an attorney for the state said on Thursday.
Is Microsoft Rattling the Linux-Patent Sabers? Microsoft Corp. is denying that its CEO Steve Ballmer told Asian government leaders on Thursday that Microsoft believes that Linux violates more than 200 software patents.
Bit Bytes : Halo 2 At gaming stores, lines went through doors as people arrived at midnight to get the first copies. Halo 2 was definitely worth the wait.
Van Nistelrooy hurts hip Manchester, England (Sports Network) - Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy picked up a hip injury while playing for Holland in a World Cup qualifier Wednesday.
Ireland, Austria share lead at -12 SEVILLE, Spain -- Ireland and Austria share the lead after Thursday #39;s first round of the World Cup of Golf at the Royal Seville Golf Course, while a pair of unheralded Americans remain in contention.
The highs and lows of the Entente Cordiale When Britain and France signed the Entente Cordiale 100 years ago they hoped it would bring to an end centuries of conflict, from the territorial battles of the Middle Ages to colonial disputes of the nineteenth century.
Japan, China try to smooth over tensions Japanese and Chinese officials were trying to arrange a meeting between the leaders of their two countries on the sidelines of a weekend summit to try to calm rising tensions, authorities said.
Palestinian PM called for end to  quot;armed chaos quot; GAZA CITY, Nov 18 (AFP) - Prime minister Ahmed Qorei called for an end to  quot;armed chaos quot; in the occupied territories Thursday as the interim Palestinian leadership held a raft of talks with various political factions here.
Programs: a Checklist for Tuning Up Your PC  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - You change the oil in your car  every 5,000 miles or so. You clean your house every week or  two. Your PC needs regular maintenance as well -- especially if  you're using Windows and you spend a lot of time on the  Internet.
US cannot verify Iran nuclear claim LITTLE ROCK, Arkansas, Nov 18 (AFP) - The White House said Thursday that it could not verify an Iranian exile opposition group #39;s charge that the Islamic republic was running a secret nuclear bomb facility near Tehran.
Arafat died of clotting disorder -- Le Monde Paris, Nov. 17: Doctors who treated Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, believe he died of a blood condition called disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) and have ruled out poisoning, Le Monde newspaper reported today.
Eisner: TV Interview with Ovitz Was Dumb  GEORGETOWN, Del. (Reuters) - Michael Eisner, the chief  executive of the Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Thursday said it  was "stupid" to appear on a national television show in 1996 to  show his support for Michael Ovitz and conceded he was less  than candid with the public during the interview.
Flying High on the Web A new study shows airline and hotel websites may sell better than online travel agencies. Who knew?
Microsoft Threatens Patent Lawsuits \\More FUD  from our friends in Seattle:\\"Asian governments using Linux will be sued for IP violations, Microsoft CEO\Steve Ballmer said today in Singapore. He did not specify that Microsoft would\be the company doing the suing, but it's difficult to read the claim as anything\other than a declaration of IP war."\\"According to a Reuters report (which we fervently hope will produce one of\Ballmer's fascinating 'I was misquoted' rebuttals*), Ballmer told Microsoft's\Asian Government Leaders Forum that Linux violates more than 228 patents. Come\on Steve, don't hold back - what you mean 'more than 228' - 229? 230? Don't pull\your punches to soften the blow to the community. "Some day," he contin ...\\
In Defense of Clapton's Layla Recently, GuitarWorld magazine published a list of top 100 of the worst guitar solos, riffs and licks of all time. I am a big sucker for this sort of thing, so I swallowed the \$7.95 price to purchase it, with a good expectation of what would be included. Just as literary scholars have a canon of great literature, the guitarist community has a canon of really awful guitar solos - including, for instance, Neil Young's infamous one-note Cinnamon Girl solo, anything by Van Halen, and anything played by Kurt Cobain. When I turned to the list, I suffered a cruel, horrible shock.
'Original' great ape discovered The remains of a primate that could be the ancestor of humans and all the great apes is discovered.
Ancient Ape Discovered #151;Last Ape-Human Ancestor? In Spain scientists have discovered 13-million-year-old fossils of new species of ape. The species may have been the last common ancestor of humans and all great apes living today. &lt;b&gt;Photo Gallery.&lt;/b&gt;
Can Central Africa's Rain Forests Live With Logging? A study in Central Africa suggests that logging and tropical rain forests can coexist. Some environmental groups disagree.
Leonid Meteor Shower Peaks Tonight The Leonid meteor shower will peak tonight. Sky-watchers say long, glowing meteor trails will highlight the heavenly show.
Calpers Tendered Its PeopleSoft Shares  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Calpers, the biggest U.S. pension  fund, said on Thursday that it had tendered its 1.5 million  shares of PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; to Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;,  accepting its \$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid.
Google sees Q4 rev growth slowdown NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Google said its revenue growth rate from the second to the third quarter of 2004 may not be sustainable into the fourth quarter of this year.
David vs. Goliath vs. Goliath Laszlo Systems CTO David Temkin is taking an open-source gamble to woo Web developers from Macromedia and Microsoft.
Athens Olympics Cost More Than Thought (AP) AP - The total cost of the Athens Olympics may exceed  #36;14.6 billion, according to Greece's 2005 budget submitted to parliament Thursday.
Study: Learning to Run Propelled Evolution long thought to be a byproduct of walking for early man - was actually an instrumental step in the evolution of people from ape-like creatures into what we know today as humans.
Got mail? You bet: Bill Gates gets millions of spam e-mails If you thought nobody could get more spam than you, think of Bill Gates. The chairman of Microsoft (MSFT) gets 4 million pieces of e-mail a day, most of it junk, says Steve Ballmer, Microsoft #39;s chief executive.
MSN Renews with Overture -- For Now Microsoft today extended its 3-year-old agreement with Yahoo! to provide Overture paid listings on MSN sites in the US and Canada, Europe and Asia through June 2006.
Duffield: Oracle's skewing facts on stock sales PeopleSoft's CEO fires back at rival, saying it's wrong about his stock transactions. Both companies scramble ahead of Friday deadline.
Security Council agrees on Sudan resolution as foes pledge &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAIROBI (AFP) - UN ambassadors agreed here unanimously on the text of a resolution aimed at restoring peace to war-ravaged Sudan, as the country #39;s main foes promised to conclude talks on their 21-year-old conflict by the end of the year.
US troops patrol Mosul US troops were seen out on patrol in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul today, following several days of clashes between insurgents and US-led forces.
Body Found In Fallujah Believed To Be Slain Aid Worker Australia #39;s prime minister said it #39;s likely that a body found in the Iraqi city of Fallujah is that of aid worker Margaret Hassan.
Thales, EADS have no merger plans: EADS chief (AFP) AFP - The French-British defence electronics group Thales and the European aerospace group EADS do not have a plan to merge, EADS co-chairman Philippe Camus said.
Maverick MP Carolyn Parrish turfed from Liberal caucus (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Carolyn Parrish, the maverick MP who gained notoriety for her outspoken anti-Americanism, has been turfed from the Liberal party caucus.
Make Love Not Spam Decentralized Lycos Europe released a screen saver that would pepper spam sites with requests for pages, in an effort to burden their bandwidth.  Now it's disabled, but in very fixable ways...
Iraqis, U.S. Hail Falluja Success, Threats Remain  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - The Iraqi government and U.S.  commanders declared their offensive on rebel-held Falluja a  success on Thursday but U.S. troops still faced dangers in the  city and guerrillas attacked elsewhere in Iraq.
Cybersecurity and the question of leadership The success of the cybersecurity czar is more about the exercise of leadership than anything else, CompTIA policy chief Roger Cochetti says.
A Misguided Merger Without clear strategic synergies, the recently announced merger between Sears and Kmart is likely to destroy shareholder value.
Updated AOL focuses on security The revamped software for AOL's proprietary online service tackles spam and other Internet security issues.
Microsoft's answer to phishing: Two IDs Banks aren't moving fast enough on requiring online customers to provide two forms of ID, the company says.
Google Shares Fall on 4Q Revenue Warning Google Shares Slip As Co. Warns That Its 4Q Revenue Growth Rate Is Likely to Slow. The Google Inc. company headquarters in Mountain View, Calif.
Barrett: CEO Tours Intel India Unit, Sees Revenue Rise Go east, young man. Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) Chief Executive Craig Barrett is traversing India. The CEO #39;s two-day trek will include a review of the chipmaker #39;s design center in bustling Bangalore 
US Weekly Initial Jobless Claims Off 3,000 to 334,000 The number of former workers continuing to receive state unemployment benefits fell by 16,000 to 2.79 million in the week ended November 6. The four-week average of continuing claims rose by 500 to 2.8 million.
Calpers says tendered its PeopleSoft shares Calpers, the biggest US pension fund, on Thursday said it had tendered its 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) to Oracle Corp.
Painkiller risk to gut revealed The risk of intestinal damage from common painkillers may be higher than thought, research suggests.
Study: Learning to Run Propelled Evolution SALT LAKE CITY Nov 18, 2004 - New research suggests that developing the ability to run long thought to be a byproduct of walking for early man was actually an instrumental step in the evolution of people from ape-like creatures into what we know today 
Bill Gates gets 4 million e-mails a day SINGAPORE -- Bill Gates might not use AOL, but he #39;s definitely got mail. The Microsoft Corp. chairman receives millions of Internet messages a day, said Steve Ballmer, the company #39;s chief executive.
Paleontologists say fossil may be ancestor to great apes BARCELONA - A fossilized ape that was adept at climbing trees and stood upright was the last probable ancestor to great apes, including humans, researchers said Thursday.
New Microsoft Search Engine Rivals Google Microsoft, Yahoo and AskJeeves have adopted the  quot;link analysis quot; algorithmic approach that gave Google a vast lead among search engines.
AOL Tightens Security AOL has launched its 9.0 Security Edition, which includes McAfee #39;s VirusScan Online application, offering protection against infection from peer-to-peer file sharing, Web site downloads, CD-ROMs and disks, or multimedia files.
Google Searches For Scholars Google late Wednesday rolled out a beta search tool designed for academics and other researchers digging through peer-reviewed papers, abstracts, and theses.
Leonid Meteor Shower Peaks Tonight Astronomers say the show should be a good one. They note, however, that predicting meteor shower intensity is not always an exact science.
Scott Speed moving up to F1 ? Red Bull Racing owner Dieter Mateschitz has not made his final choice for his team #39;s drivers line-up but he is not hiding his actual preferences.
Controversy surrounding Owens #39; MNF promo touches deep social &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; I should #39;ve known this latest Terrell Owens story wouldn #39;t have vanished quickly. It involves sex, money, sports and, most critically, race.
Va. Tech #39;s Beamer to coach despite mother #39;s death The mother of Virginia Tech football coach Frank Beamer died early Thursday morning, but Beamer said he will be on the sidelines for tonight #39;s game with Maryland, according to the school.
Terps open ACC tournament The No. 7-seeded Terrapin volleyball team begins its ACC championship defense tonight in Charlottesville, Va., against No. 10-seed Wake Forest.
Congress Told FDA Failed Public on Vioxx  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug  Administration failed the public in its oversight of Merck   Co  Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; withdrawn painkiller Vioxx and is "incapable of  protecting America" from another dangerous drug, an agency  researcher told Congress on Thursday.
A Glimpse of Bristol-Myers' Portfolio Late-stage drugs are crucial for a company beset with patent losses.
Google Warns of Slowing Growth  quot;Although our revenue growth rate increased in the third quarter of 2004 compared to the second quarter of 2004, our revenue growth rate has generally declined, and we expect it will continue 
Economy: Raspy Second Wind After a batch of stronger-than-expected economic reports lately, some pundits have declared the  quot;soft patch quot; dead. In fact, it could make an unwelcome return in the coming months.
Rates on 30-Year, 15-Year Mortgages Dip Rates on 30-year and 15-year mortgages dipped this week, a development that should help keep the housing market humming. Rates on 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages averaged 5.74 percent for the week ending Nov.
Yukos lawyer faces arrest warrant Russian prosecutors have issued an arrest warrant for Yukos #39; chief lawyer and arrested another executive from the oil firm on suspicion of embezzlement.
Calif. insurance commish sues MetLife, Pru, others: report California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi has sued MetLife, Prudential Financial Inc., Cigna Corp., and UnumProvident Corp.
Human race off and running The evolution of a physique for long-distance running is what made humans look the way we do now -- whether winning a marathon, nursing a strained Achilles #39; tendon 
Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Miracle Blesses eBay A partially eaten piece of a grilled cheese sandwich has become the most talked about item on eBay over the past week, bringing in bids of almost \$19,000.
Gates Gets 4M Spam Messages Each Day SINGAPORE -- Bill Gates, the chairman and founder of Microsoft, receives millions of e-mail messages a day, said Steve Ballmer, the company #39;s chief executive.
Future of EU Patent Legislation in Doubt BRUSSELS, Belgium - The future of controversial European Union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt Thursday after the Polish government switched sides, saying the directive could hurt small and medium-sized businesses.
FIFA launches probe into Bernabeu abuse FIFA will hold an investigation and demand answers from the Spanish Football Federation after home fans hurled racist abuse at England #39;s black players in the friendly international between the two countries in Madrid last night.
Men #39;s contest highlights Trophee Bompard skating Johnny Weir and Brian Joubert already have victories in the Grand Prix series. The American champion and European gold medalist meet this week at the Trophee Bompard.
Device Allows Doctors to Practice Deliveries The birth simulator has now been used to determine the best way to deliver a baby whose shoulders become stuck in the birth canal.
A Fantasy Field Trip to Jurassic Park The career of Richard Ellis advances the maxim that scientific knowledge is often moved forward by the work of committed amateurs.
Militant groups back end of chaos Palestinian militant groups Thursday expressed support for disarming independent militias operating in the Palestinian territories.
Merci la France: We Will Be Forever Grateful By honoring President Yasser Arafat, France has honored every Palestinian man, woman and child. For this we will be forever grateful.
Arafat's Diagnosis May Soon Be Revealed (AP) AP - Nearly a week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports  #151; all consistent with the little that is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital.
Suspected Mastermind Held in Pakistan (AP) AP - Authorities have arrested a man they called the alleged mastermind of a deadly bombing near the U.S. Consulate in Karachi two years ago, but another key member of his network remains at large, a senior official said Thursday.
Walmart.com Sees Electronics Leading Online Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Consumer electronics should be the\hottest online sellers this holiday, according to the head of\the online unit of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's top\retailer.
Tories raise allegations of ties between NY mob and Gagliano (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Conservative Leader Stephen Harper raised published allegations Thursday that former Liberal cabinet minister Alfonso Gagliano was a member of a New York organized crime family.
Oracle readies integration splash (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Oracle at the Oracle OpenWorld conference in San Francisco the week of Dec. 5 plans to unveil Oracle Integration, a product that combines the company #8217;s application server with several other technologies for integration and enablement of SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
Fossil Ape May Be Ancestor of All Apes -- Report (Reuters) Reuters - An ape that lived 13 million years\ago in what is now Spain may have been the last common ancestor\of all apes, including chimpanzees, gorillas, orangutans and\humans, researchers said on Thursday.
Ancient Animal Could Be Human-Ape Ancestor (AP) AP - The last probable common ancestor to humans and great apes had a body like an ape, fingers like a chimp and the upright posture of humans, according to researchers who unearthed a fossil of the animal in Spain.
Several Insurgent Command Bases Found in Falluja, General Says A top Marine officer also denied reports that one of them was the headquarters of the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
UN Security Council, in Africa, Pushes Sudan Peace  NAIROBI (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council, leaving its  New York home for the first time in 14 years, met in the Kenyan  capital on Thursday and won promises from Khartoum and rebels  in south Sudan of an end to their 21-year civil war.
Update 6: FDA Called  #39;Defenseless #39; Against Bad Drugs The American public is  quot;virtually defenseless quot; if another medication such as Vioxx proves to be unsafe after it is approved for sale, a government drug safety reviewer told a congressional committee Thursday.
Not all great apes were swingers The fossil of an ancient species of ape, discovered at a construction site in western Spain, has revealed that great apes went through more evolutionary stages than previously thought.
KOREA: Rumors Swirl over Missing Portraits Speculation surrounding the reported removal of portraits of Dear Leader Kim Jong-il from some public buildings and homes in North Korea continued to swirl Thursday but 
Airlift for earthquake-hit fish Japan's 'living jewel' koi carp are airlifted to safety after the Niigata earthquake devastated stocks of the ornamental fish.
Sprinters Charged With Dodging Drug Test Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou and their coach were charged Thursday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later.
Dow Near Flat; Nasdaq, S P 500 Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks rose slightly on  Thursday after a court gave a boost to Altria Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MO.N&lt;/A&gt;  and other tobacco companies, but that was offset by a drop in  McDonald's Corp. on new mad-cow worries.
Photos: 'Wanna buy an iPod, guv?' Apple's new London store on Regent Street puts the iPod music player front and center.
Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 prints, scans, faxes and copies for \$179.
Dell goes wireless with printers Company adds new level of convenience to home and office printing with wireless printer adapter and multifunction inkjet product.\&lt;br /&gt;\  Photo: Dell All-In-One Printer 962 \
First Taste of a Once-Forbidden Fruit Long seen as a threatening land ruled by a madman, Libya has become a must-see destination ever since it opened its doors to Western tourists 10 months ago.
Gadgets rule in digital household photos The NowHouse project in San Francisco brings together the latest in design, construction and digital wares.\
Photos: Handheld fever grips Japan Consumers get psyched for the release of Nintendo and Sony gaming devices.
Cracker Barrel Rolling The country dining chain is weathering cost increases better than its rivals.
Photo: Giant digital image A TNO engineer prepares to start capturing images for the world's biggest digital photo.
Stern and Letterman Get Sirius Stern has a date with Letterman tonight, and you can expect fireworks.
Seagate drive joins 400GB club The Barracuda 7200.8 series packs more data on the hard-drive platters.
World's biggest digital pic Dutch engineers stitch together hundreds of images to create a photo with 2.5 billion pixels.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Giant digital image
Four vendors team up on new standardized Linux Four small Linux vendors are working together to create a new Linux Standard Base 2.0-compliant binary set that they hope will attract independent software vendors and hardware makers to port their wares to the new code.
Burst.com says Microsoft destroyed evidence In court documents made public this week, Burst.com accused Microsoft managers of telling employees in 2000 to destroy evidence contained in old e-mails.
West Coast retailer hits software rollout bumps Ross Stores has taken a hit to its bottom line because of ongoing problems surrounding the implementation of a merchandising system.
Q A: Cordys president talks up Web services Justin Anderson, president of Cordys' Americas group, sat down yesterday with Computerworld at the Gartner Application Integration and Web Services Summit to talk about his company and its Web services platform.
Troubled HP server group sees profit in Q4 Several key executives in that group were fired during the quarter following a botched order-processing system migration. HP CEO Carly Fiorina said the problems with the system have been resolved.
Kmart, Sears agree to \$11B merger The companies, both of which have struggled in recent years, said the merger, expected to be finalized by March, is expected to generate significant cost savings, but could also trigger sales of "nonstrategic real estate assets.
Seagate ships 400GB hard disk drive Seagate Technology has started shipping a 400GB hard disk drive for PCs that offers performance closer to that of a 10,000-rpm drive than that of a 7,200 rpm.
'World Community Grid' seeks to harness unused computers IBM and officials from leading science, education and philanthropic organizations yesterday launched a global grid computing project aimed at helping solve a variety of health issues and other scientific problems.
RIAA files 761 new file-trading lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed new lawsuits against 761 people who allegedly use peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software to trade music files without permission, the trade group announced Thursday.
Oracle readies integration splash Oracle at the Oracle OpenWorld conference in San Francisco the week of Dec. 5 plans to unveil Oracle Integration, a product that combines the companys application server with several other technologies for integration and enablement of SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
Ukraine MPs reject election bill Ukrainian MPs fail to adopt election law changes the opposition says are needed to avert fraud in a new run-off.
PeopleSoft, Oracle fight is a canine affair The wrangling between PeopleSoft and Oraclehas once again gone to the dogs.
W3C highlights Mobile Web Initiative at workshop The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is considering a new effort called the "W3C Mobile Web Initiative," that will seek to make Web access from mobile devices such as mobile phones and PDAs (personal digital assistants), as simple, easy and convenient as desktop Web access.
New Google Scholar search service aimed at academics Google on Thursday formally launched a new search service aimed at scientists and academic researchers.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Intel evaluating India for chip manufacturing BANGALORE, INDIA -- Intelis evaluating India as a possible location for a new chip manufacturing facility, the company's chief executive officer, Craig Barrett, told reporters Thursday in Delhi.
Microsoft, Yahoo extend contract for Web ads Microsoft has extended its partnership with Yahoo to deliver sponsored search results on its U.S. and international MSN sites, despite the software maker's recent declarations that it intends to be a major force in the search market.
3G: Anything in it for businesses? HONG KONG -- Consumers have been promised a lot from the high-speed 3G (third generation) cellular networks being rolled out around the world, but is there much in it for businesses?
German Police Arrest Fourth Iraq Attack Suspect  BERLIN (Reuters) - German authorities arrested a fourth man  in connection with a suspected plan to attack Iraqi Prime  Minister Iyad Allawi during a visit to Berlin earlier this  week, the federal prosecutor's office said on Saturday.
AMD-Fujitsu Venture Plans 'Mega' Japanese Chip Plant Spansion sinking nearly a billion dollars into flash memory production.
New AOL Software Gives Added Security Service provider revamps spam and spyware defenses, offers account lock to members.
Microsoft Talks Security, Seriously Efforts to ease patch management are just part of the process, exec says.
Google Scholar Offers Access To Academic Information Google has launched a new Google Scholar search service, providing the ability to search for scholarly literature located from across the web.\
Mitsubishi Motors to buy preferred shares of Isuzu Motors LONDON, November 18 (newratings.com) - Mitsubishi Corp (7211.TSE), Japans largest trading company, has agreed to purchase 11.75 million preferred shares, worth  9.4 billion (US\$ 90 million), of Isuzu Motors (ISU).
Calpers Tendered Its PeopleSoft Shares Calpers, the biggest US pension fund, said on Thursday that it had tendered its 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT) to Oracle Corp.
LA City Council OKs tax relief package LOS ANGELES -- The City Council unanimously passed a tax relief package aimed at keeping film companies and other businesses from leaving Los Angeles.
Uh-Oh! SpaghettiOs switches brands  quot;Uh-oh, SpaghettiOs! quot; The iconic kids pasta that has made mealtime easier for countless American families for four decades is getting a face-lift, and its once-popular Franco-American brand is being consigned to history.
Delhomme Feels He May Play on Sunday (AP) AP - Carolina Panthers quarterback Jake Delhomme said he's encouraged about his chances of playing against the Arizona Cardinals after throwing Thursday for the first time this week.
MPAA Sues Movie Swappers Following in the footsteps of the RIAA, the MPAA (Motion Picture Association of America) announced that they have began filing lawsuits against people who use peer-to-peer software to download copyrighted movies off the Internet.
More Security Holes Found In Internet Explorer 6.0 Three more vulnerabilities in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer 6.0 browser were disclosed Wednesday by Danish security vendor Secunia, bringing the total of IE bugs found by the firm in the last two months to an even dozen.
Steve Spurrier Set to Take South Carolina Coaching Job One legendary coach will replace another at South Carolina next season. According to published reports, former University of Florida and Washington Redskins coach Steve Spurrier will take over the as head 
Asia-Pacific leaders to spur world trade, fight terror US President George W. Bush and other Asia-Pacific leaders muster in Chile this weekend to spur world trade and suppress terrorism, under the growing menace of nuclear proliferation.
Prince Charles rebuked for  #39;old fashioned #39; views Prince Charles #39; beliefs on class standing are about as ancient as his royal lineage, say his critics. Servants should not aim above their station, according to the heir to the throne.
Chileans Take Advantage of Divorce Law (AP) AP - A 48-year-old woman became the first person in Chilean history to file for divorce Thursday, ushering in a new era for this heavily Roman Catholic country that had been the last in South America with no divorce law.
Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Miracle Blesses eBay Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Miracle Blesses eBay\\A partially eaten piece of a grilled cheese sandwich has become the most talked about item on eBay over the past week, bringing in bids of almost \$19,000. Don't get me wrong, this is not ordinary grilled cheese sandwich. You see, it's a miracle. ...
Organic Search Engine Optimization for Large Sites Organic Search Engine Optimization for Large Sites\\Commercial websites are getting larger. Driven by the rapid evolution of content management systems, shopping carts and e-biz facilitation, and by the increasing sophistication of Internet retailers, "small" business sites averaging 500 pages have become common.\\Some large sites are very well focused and present ...
MSN and Yahoos Overture Extend Paid Search Relationship MSN and Yahoo's Overture Extend Paid Search Relationship\\Yahoo's Overture is going to continue to serve ads on MSN Search for the next 18 months. Overture today announced that they have extended its sponsored search distribution relationship with Microsoft Corp. in the United States and internationally through June 2006.\\Under the terms ...
RocketNews Search Engine Adds Personalization RocketNews Search Engine Adds Personalization\\The RocketNews current news and weblog search engine has been enhanced with the addition of personalization features. RocketNews is a technology showcase operated by Rocketinfo Inc., a  supplier of real-time news and competitive intelligence software to corporations, governments and professional service firms.\\Visitors to the new ...
Search Engine Friendly Design and Coding (Especially Flash) Search Engine Friendly Design and Coding (Especially Flash)\\Its been almost a year since I attended a session of this nature. I was not too impressed last time, so I am hoping things have changed within the year. Brett introduces the panel, by saying its the first time WMW is doing ...
History of Search Engine Optimization and Marketing Testing History of Search Engine Optimization and Marketing Testing\\Calum I. Mac Ceod was first up. He discussed how Google used to rank pages (title and pagerank). Now its a bit more complicated, with proximity and linkage data. He goes through the various on page factors and describes how most are not ...
Paid Inclusion Topics and Issues Paid Inclusion Topics and Issue\\Greg Boser is the moderator and he introduced the panel. The first man up was Jim Stobb from PositionTech. He discusses what paid inclusion is: (1) new sites are usually indexed within 72 hours (2) existing pages are recrawled every 48 hours. Two programs (1) Direct ...
Design and Coding for the Complete Package - WMW Conf 7 Design and Coding for the Complete Package - WMW Conf 7\\Roger Sooley from CompStar was up first, his forum name is "rogerd". He first goes into the question about building the software yourself or using a pre-built software application. The first question you need to ask is "is your business ...
WebMasterWorld Conference Coverage WebMasterWorld Conference Coverage\\I just wanted to let everyone know that I will be attending the WebmasterWorld's Conference. I hope to be able to provide the conference coverage I have in the past for this conference, I actually plan on it, so stay tuned. The conference begins tomorrow morning and ends ...
News: Petco settles with FTC over cyber security gaffe It's the fifth time regulators have taken action against a company for failing to protect consumer data -- and the second time the same California coder blew the whistle.
News: Russian fined for virus-writing exploits A Russian member of well-known 29A virus writers group has been fined 3,000 roubles (approximately 57) after he admitted writing malicious code.
News: IE in fresh security drama IE is subject to a trio of unpatched vulnerabilities, security firm Secunia warned yesterday.
Infocus: Detecting Rootkits And Kernel-level Compromises In Linux This article outlines useful ways of detecting hidden modifications to a Linux kernel. Often known as rootkits, these stealthy types of malware are installed in the kernel and require special techniques by Incident handlers and Linux system administrators to be detected.
Chirac urges fairer world order France's Jacques Chirac says global powers must recognise the new reality of an interdependent world.
Mac OS X Tiger Features Derrick Story writes for the O #146;Reilly MacDevCenter, summarizing a Mac OS X Tiger preview recently presented to the O #146;Reilly Mac OS X Conference by Apple product manager Chris Bourdon. Nov 17
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Clean Up That Clutter Tired of the clutter on your desktop? The latest Mac OS X killer tip shows you how you can use Expos #233;, one of the coolest features of Mac OS X, to clean it up  #151; instantly. Nov 17
Intel evaluating India as manufacturing destination Dr Craig Barrett, CEO, Intel Corporation, with a young learner from Kerala during the launch of the Intel Learn Programme in the Capital on Thursday.
AOL Beefs Up Security America Online Inc. on Thursday launched a version of its proprietary online service that includes additional security features. AOL 9.0 Security Edition is the first version of the service 
Alaska senator disagrees with climate study #39;s conclusion US Sen. Ted Stevens says he disagrees with a new scientific study #39;s conclusion that the burning of fossil fuels is a major factor in climate change.
FDA to e-track popular drugs The Food and Drug Administration launched an effort this week to use radio frequency identification technology to track the nation #39;s drug supply from manufacturer to pharmacy to reduce counterfeiting.
Spurrier Spurns Gators For Gamecocks A report states that Steve Spurrier would take over at the University of South Carolina if Coach Lou Holtz should retire. Spurrier decided to turn down the job at University of Florida after Coach Ron Zoock 
Purposeful negotiations possible with Pak: Singh JAMMU: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today expressed his belief that purposeful and meaningful negotiations are possible with Pakistan within the limits set by him that redrawing of borders and second partition of the country are not feasible.
Clarke says prince is old fashioned Education Secretary Charles Clarke accused the Prince of Wales of being  quot;old-fashioned and out of time quot; after details emerged that the heir to the throne believes that the schools system offers pupils too much aspiration and refuses to admit failures.
FDA, Drug Industry Under Fire on Safety US Food and Drug Administration officials defended their record on drug safety Thursday in the face of attacks from both inside and outside the agency.
Europe gains no US aid to support dollar European officials, blaming US deficits for a surge in the euro, are unlikely to persuade Treasury Secretary John Snow to help support the dollar when the Group of 20 finance ministers and central bankers meet in Berlin.
US production prices increase US industrial production jumped the most in three months in October, housing starts surged and consumer prices rose, suggesting the Federal Reserve may keep raising its benchmark interest rate.
IMF #39;s Rato says action required on US deficits The large US current account deficit is a matter of concern, and policy changes are needed to address existing global imbalances, International Monetary Fund Managing Director Rodrigo de Rato said.
Nike Co-Founder Knight Steps Down as CEO Nike Inc. (NKE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) co-founder Philip Knight, who helped transform a small-start up business into the world #39;s biggest athletic shoe company 
CIO Business Briefing Disney #39;s Q4 Earnings Reach \$516 Million The Walt Disney Company reported \$516 million net income in the quarter ended September 30th, compared to \$415 million in the year-ago quarter.
Calif. retirement fund tenders PeopleSoft shares Calpers, a large US pension fund, has joined a growing list of big investors supporting Oracle in its hostile buyout--at \$9.2 billion--of rival PeopleSoft.
Foot Locker 3Q Profit Meets Estimates Athletic shoe retailer Foot Locker Inc. on Thursday said its third-quarter profit grew on higher sales, meeting Wall Street estimates.
Marsh  amp; McLennan Says Five Executives Leave Board (Update2) Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., the insurance broker sued by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer last month, said five company executives stepped down from the board.
Continental to Seek Wage, Benefits Cuts Continental Airlines Inc. on Thursday said it will seek to cut \$500 million in annual wages and benefits on expectations of losing  quot;hundreds of millions of dollars quot; this year.
Leading Indicators Fall 0.3 Pct. in Oct. The economy could be headed for slower growth in the next several months, according to a report released Thursday by a private research group.
UPDATE 2-Gold-backed security streetTRACKS debuts on NYSE A gold-backed security named streetTRACKS Gold Shares made a much-hyped debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday, aimed at attracting the investment capital 
Human Species Born To Run, Scientists Say The evolution of a physique for long-distance running is what made humans look the way we do now. The crucial role of running in human evolution, overlooked in previous research, is being proposed in an article 
Bill Gates Dubbed Most Spammed Person In The World January 2006 can #39;t come too soon for Bill Gates because that is the date by which he believes the spam problem will be solved.
Peninsula Grill serves up toasty grilled cheese sandwich, no &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There #39;s a Florida woman who is auctioning off a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich on eBay this week that, she thinks, bears the image of the Virgin Mary.
Ballmer attacks Linux on patent front Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer warned on Thursday that Linux may not really be free given the intellectual-property risks that could be posed by the open-source operating system.
Microsoft, Yahoo Extend Contract for Web Ads Microsoft has extended its partnership with Yahoo to deliver sponsored search results on its US and international MSN sites, despite the software maker #39;s recent declarations that it intends to be a major force in the search market.
Ancient Animal Could Be Human-Ape Ancestor The last probable common ancestor to humans and great apes had a body like an ape, fingers like a chimp and the upright posture of humans, according to researchers who unearthed a fossil of the animal in Spain.
Gateway expands Media Center PC lineup NOVEMBER 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Gateway Inc. plans to release two additional Media Center PCs Thursday, hoping that consumer excitement over multimedia will boost what is forecast as a weak holiday season for consumer PCs.
AOL Releases Version 9.0 with Security Software America Online today released AOL 9.0 Security Edition features a suite of safety and security features, marking the Internet service provider #39;s first version to focus specifically on safety and security.
Novell Posts 4th-Quarter Profit of \$13M Novell Inc. on Thursday said it swung to a fiscal fourth-quarter profit after the computer networking provider saw strong growth from its enterprise server business during the period.
Drugmaker Teams With Law Enforcement To Use RFID To Halt Thefts Pharmaceutical company Purdue Pharma LP is working closely with law-enforcement agencies to use radio-frequency identification technology to protect shipments of OxyContin, Purdue #39;s painkiller drug that #39;s a frequent target for theft.
Wanna buy an iPod, guv? Apple #39;s first British store will open this Saturday on London #39;s Regent Street--and Silicon.com got to take a peek before the doors open to shoppers.
Californian Charged with eBay Sports Card Scam A man who purported to offer rare sports cards including that of baseball legend Mickey Mantle has been charged with defrauding eBay (EBAY.
Richardson urges UC to partner up; submit bid During a speech to the UC board of regents on Wednesday Gov. Bill Richardson urged them to find an industrial partner and together bid on the Los Alamos National Laboratory management contract set to expire Sept.
The IPod Economy NEW YORK - By year #39;s end a five-year-old company called PortalPlayer will begin selling its shares to the public. What #39;s notable is that this company owes its success--even its existence--to the popularity of Apple Computer #39;s iPod.
Olympic bid suffers as Madrid #39;s image is tarnished THE Madrid Olympic bid has suffered a setback because of the racist chanting on Wednesday in the Bernabu stadium, one of the most famous arenas in the world and a proposed venue for the 2012 Games.
Repentant Casey fears reaction on US return BARELY holding back the tears, Paul Casey began a damage limitation exercise in an attempt last night to win back the minds, if not the hearts, of the American public.
Kenteris and Thanou charged over missed tests EKATERINI THANOU and Konstantinos Kenteris, the Greek sprinters, were charged yesterday with missing a mandatory drugs test on the eve of the Olympic Games and for making false statements about a motorbike accident.
Woods leads Dunlop Phoenix MIYAZAKI - Tiger Woods, playing in Japan for the first time in two years, got off to a strong start Thursday as he shot a 5-under-par 65 to take a three-stroke lead at the Dunlop Phoenix Tournament.
Ecuador upset Brazil NEW YORK, Nov. 18. - Defending World Cup football champions Brazil suffered the most shocking result of the day, but China were the biggest losers.
Our  #39;desperate #39; TV times Once again, my indifference to television paid off big time, because I wasn #39;t watching  quot;Monday Night Football quot; on Nov. 15, and thus avoided direct involvement with a controversial 
Former NFL lineman going to jail Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - Luis Sharpe, a former offensive lineman for the Arizona Cardinals, has been sentenced to 2 1/2 years in state prison.
Annika seeking eighth win of season WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. -- Annika Sorenstam is off to a good start in the final LPGA event of the season. Sorenstam, who already has won her seventh Player of the Year Award, shot a 6-under 66 in Thursday #39;s 
Fallujah Strike Breaking Insurgency, General Says (Update1) The US-led attack on insurgents in Fallujah, now in its second week, has broken the back of the insurgency, #39; #39; according to documents uncovered in house-to-house raids in the city, said Lt.
UN Security Council discusses Darfur, shuns rebels NAIROBI, Nov 18 (AFP) -- The deteriorating situation in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region received secondary attention during a meeting Thursday of the United Nations Security Council in Nairobi as emphasis focused on the search for peace in southern Sudan.
Afghan Opium Cultivation Reaches Record High, UN Says Afghanistan #39;s opium cultivation jumped 64 percent to a record 324,000 acres this year and drug exports now account for more than 60 percent of the economy, the United Nations drugs office said Thursday.
Palestinians Ask for Election Monitors Palestinian officials appealed Thursday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged Israel #39;s unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip 
Williams-Sonoma Warily Pessimistic The specialty retailer's uncertainty about the fourth quarter is unsettling.
Brown Shoe Sings the Blues The company announces a disappointing quarter and reduces full-year guidance.
Medtronic Down, Not Out Internal defibrillator maker's earnings growth rate is slowing down, but its future looks healthy.
Brookstone Rolls On Brookstone met analyst estimates and has raised guidance for the all-important Christmas quarter.
Sympathy for Pfizer The market acts like Vioxx, Bextra, and Celebrex are the same drugs. They're not.
Brady's Signs Are Positive Most of the signs attached to Brady's most recent quarter say "Don't Exit."
The Elusive Value of Goody's Despite an encouraging third quarter, the market still isn't sure what to make of Goody's.
No verdict in Afghan 'torture' trial A jury in a torture trial of an alleged Afghan warlord is discharged after failing to decide a verdict.
Walt Disney Quarterly Profit Rises 24 Pct  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co.  quarterly profit  rose 24 percent on Thursday as stronger cable television  results and a tax benefit more than made up for a sharp  slowdown at Disney's movie studio.
Marsh   McLennan: 5 Top Execs Leave Board  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  insurance broker accused by New York's Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer of bid-rigging fraud, on Thursday said five senior  executives stepped down from its board of directors.
Gap Third-Quarter Earnings Tick Up 1 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clothing retailer Gap Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GPS.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Thursday its third-quarter earnings ticked up 1  percent, hemmed in by lackluster sales at its Old Navy and   international Gap stores open at least a year.
Knight stands down as Nike boss Philip Knight is to resign as chief executive of sports footwear and clothing giant Nike although he will remain as chairman.
Knight Steps Down as Nike Chief Phil Knight stepped down Thursday as president and chief executive officer of Nike Inc., the athletic shoe and clothing company he co-founded.
Ireland, Austria Share World Cup Lead The Irish duo of Paul McGinley and Padraig Harrington shot a 12-under 60 Thursday to share the lead with Austria's Martin Wiegele and Markus Brier after the first round of the team World Cup.
S American nations sign oil deal The word's fifth largest oil exporting nation, Venezuela, signs an oil deal with South American neighbour, Paraguay.
Zimbabwe Ruling Party Picks Woman as Mugabe Deputy Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe #39;s ruling ZANU-PF confirmed the first woman to become his deputy on Saturday, putting her on course to succeed Mugabe when he eventually retires in 2008.
Vivendi boosts Moroccan stake Vivendi Universal increases its stake in Morocco's national telecoms business, days before it is partially floated.
After Food and Shelter, Help in Coping With Unbearable Loss Providing psychological services for millions in Asia will become critical in the coming weeks.
Sometimes, Your New Smile Will Make You Frown Veneers, porcelain shells bonded to the front side of the teeth, may not provide smiles as pretty as expected.
Music industry asks Napster founder, former arch foe, to sing new tune (AFP) AFP - The recording industry has turned to its former arch-nemesis, the founder of online music file-swapping service Napster, to help it beat the piracy that it once accused him of spawning.
Diet and Lose Weight? Scientists Say 'Prove It!' A new study finds little evidence that commercial weight-loss programs help people drop excess pounds.
In Past Tsunamis, Tantalizing Clues to Future Ones Undersea quakes are inevitable. The questions are where and when  and the recent catastrophe may provide clues.
The BlackBerry Brain Trust First he reinvented the way we get e-mail. Now he's rounded up a bunch of radical thinkers to reinvent physics itself. By Duff McDonald from Wired magazine.
In the long run, humans prevail To err may be human, but so, too, may be the ability to run. Specifically, the ability to run long distances across the African savannah may have given human ancestors an evolutionary advantage 
Holy Toast! eBay Sandwich Taking Record Bids The most popular item on eBay today is not a rare signed copy of Bob Dylan #39;s  #39;Like a Rolling Stone. #39; Nope. It #39;s a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich with a running price of over \$16,000.
RIAA files new round of P2P lawsuits com November 18, 2004, 1:03 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Saving America Online Maybe I was a bit harsh last week when I was reminiscing about the days when AOL was a classic Rule Breaker. After all, Time Warner #39;s (NYSE: TWX) online service has only lost 2 million net subscribers over the past year.
British ID Card Gains Ground The U.K. government sees a national identity card now making its way through Parliament as a way to fight terrorism, but opponents see it as an expensive waste of time. By Wendy M. Grossman.
Scientist: FDA Incapable of Protecting Safety Nov. 18, 2004 -- An FDA scientist who says he was pressured by superiors not to warn the public about the cardiovascular risk of Vioxx urged lawmakers Thursday to create an independent safety office free of 
Golden State of Privacy California laws that went live on New Year's Day keep cell phones unlisted and rental cars unmonitored. The effects could be felt nationwide. By Ryan Singel.
Update 1: Foot Locker 3Q Net Income Up 19 Percent Net income at Foot Locker Inc., the country #39;s largest sports-shoe chain, increased 19 percent in its fiscal third quarter as sales climbed 14 percent.
Call Centers Ride Out Disaster Some U.S. customer support lines outsourced to India experienced a brief failure in service following the deadly Asian tsunami, but economists say U.S. companies won't have to move their call centers. By Elisa Batista.
Yahoo Extends Microsoft Ad Deal to Mid-2006 Yahoo Inc. (YHOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to extend its deal to place advertisements on Microsoft Corp. #39;s (MSFT.
Sat Radio Recording Moves Ahead Once seen as the embodiment of evil, devices that record satellite radio are making inroads without much fight from the recording industry. By John Gartner.
Oracle Announces Quarterly Critical Patches Quarterly patch updates will allow organizations to better plan configuration management, says Oracle, eliminating the need to deal with the current unscheduled  quot;surprise quot; patch alerts.
Fifa prepares to put Spain in the dock over racism GOVERNMENT ministers led the calls yesterday for strong sanctions against Spain in the wake of the racist abuse of England players on Wednesday night.
Brazil left looking for answers Altitude, apathy, overconfidence - Brazil groped for reasons Thursday to explain its stunning 1-0 loss to Ecuador in the World Cup qualifiers.
Baros fears the worst with leg injury Liverpool striker Milan Baros is hoping for the best, but fears the worst after pulling up lame in the Czech Republic #39;s 2-0 win in a World Cup qualifier against Macedonia on Wednesday.
Ohio fires head coach Knorr after four seasons Ohio coach Brian Knorr was fired Thursday after leading the Bobcats to an 11-35 record in four seasons. Ohio had a 4-7 mark this season.
Rockies land two of the 10 players on MLB squad Folks are paying attention to the Colorado Rockies #39; youth movement. Second baseman Aaron Miles and outfielder Matt Holliday each made the 46th annual Topps Rookie All-Star 
Annan calls for urgent action over Sudan United Nations secretary-general Kofi Annan has opened a special session of the Security Council in the Kenyan capital Nairobi. It is the first time in 14 years that the UN Security Council has met outside New York.
 #39;Road map #39; sponsors will send foreign ministers to West Bank next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sponsors of an internationally backed Middle East peace plan will send their foreign ministers to the region next week in hopes of restarting peace talks in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, Israeli and Palestinian officials said Thursday.
Russia benefiting from oil price surge The head of the International Monetary Fund Thursday lauded Russia #39;s efforts to save income from oil revenues. Concluding his visit to Moscow, the IMF #39;s Director General Rodrigo de Rato said that the agency 
American Lowers  #39;Walk-Up #39; Fares, Cuts Restrictions For S. Florida &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FORT WORTH, Texas -- American Airlines has unveiled a new simplified domestic fare structure and eliminated many fare restrictions, including all Saturday night stay requirements on the Fort Worth-based airline, as well as American Eagle and 
Gates may be world #39;s most spammed person E-mail users inundated with unsolicited spam messages have reason to hope Microsoft will develop better tools for tackling the problem: Bill Gates is suffering more than anyone.
Sprinter Kenteris completes fall from grace Even by the capricious standards of modern day sport, Costas Kenteris #39; fall from grace has been spectacular. Thursday #39;s announcement of a criminal prosecution against the former Olympic champion for obstructing 
CORRECTED - Van Nistelrooy plays down hip injury In LONDON story headlined  quot;Van Nistelrooy plays down hip injury quot;, please read in intro ... World Cup qualifying win ... instead of ... friendly win ... correcting status of match. LONDON, Nov 18 (Reuters) - Manchester 
Donovan Wins Third Straight Player Of Year Award BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. -- Landon Donovan was voted the US soccer team player of the year Thursday, becoming the first three-time winner of the award.
Arafat: A Costly US, Israeli Failure I must start by thanking the French government and people for honoring President Yasser Arafat who spent his last days in their hospitality.
Mercenaries turn against Thatcher JOHANNESBURG: Three South African men pleaded guilty to mercenary activities yesterday and agreed to testify against Mark Thatcher who is charged with bankrolling an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea, their lawyer said.
Reports of Kim #39;s demise exaggerated  quot;DON #39;T have a reaction, I #39;ll leave it to the analysts, quot; responded US State Department official Adam Ereli to questions about the significance of reports that North Korea #39;s media had stopped calling Kim Jong-il  quot;Dear Leader quot;.
Iran  #39;breaking nuclear deal with secret site #39; Iran is secretly producing enriched uranium for nuclear weapons at a military site in Teheran in direct breach of an agreement signed earlier this week, according to Iran #39;s most prominent opposition group.
Pakistan cracks down terrorism A man accused of involvement in a bombing in Pakistan has been arrested by police. Naveedul Hasan, suspected of taking part in a bomb blast in front of the US Consulate in Karachi 
Sirius Names Karmazin CEO, Shares Jump (Reuters) Reuters - In the latest migration of a\mainstream radio heavyweight to the fledgling satellite\industry, Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.  on Thursday\named former Viacom Inc. President Mel Karmazin as its chief\executive officer.
Greek sprinting pair are charged Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have been charged with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and then faking a motorcycle accident.
Sad to lose The penalty was very debatable and I think it changed the game. At that stage we could still have won it. Wayne Rooney showed what a great young talent he is by scoring twice and, of course 
Soccer: Even if Hong Kong helps, China #39;s world may end Brazil #39;s champions are being flown from Europe to compete at high altitude in Ecuador without acclimatization. Iraq is competing against the Palestinian team.
Reds #39; Baros fears confirmed Liverpool have received confirmation that striker Milan Baros will be out of action for at least three weeks with a hamstring injury.
U.S. Mutual Funds Assets Rise This Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds rose by  #36;4.36 billion in the latest week to  #36;829.70 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
Gap 3Q Earnings Meet Analysts' Estimates (AP) AP - Gap Inc.'s third-quarter profit improved slightly even as the clothing retailer's sales began to sag.
Gap Third-Quarter Earnings Tick Up 1 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clothing retailer Gap Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GPS.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Thursday its quarterly earnings ticked up 1 percent,  buoyed by improved profit margins, but hemmed in by weakness at  its Old Navy and international Gap stores.
Vioxx fallout: Scientist names five more questionable drugs WASHINGTON - The FDA scientist who studied the safety of the recalled painkiller Vioxx delivered a bombshell Thursday, naming five more drugs he believes could be dangerous.
Gates gets spammed 4 million times a day So you think you get a lot of spam, maybe a few hundred per day? Well think about the amount that bill gates gets at Microsoft, over 4 million a day apparently!
Ballmer Bearish on Linux Microsoft (Quote, Chart) CEO Steve Ballmer urged Asian government leaders not to take sides in the Linux versus Windows debate.  quot;We recommend to all governments that they not get emotionally involved in preferring 
DC College Students Targeted in Piracy Suit The recording industry #39;s lobbying group today sued three users of American University #39;s computer network, accusing them of illegally sharing digital music files online.
Rayovac to Buy United Ind. for \$476 Mln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Battery maker Rayovac Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ROV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ROV.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said it would buy United Industries Corp., a maker of  lawn and garden products, for about \$476 million in cash and  stock in a bid to diversify its product mix.
NFL shouldn #39;t get a pass on naked lady stunt The decision makers at ABC are pretty much beyond embarrassment, particularly given the fact that the locker room romp was designed to promote a show called  quot;Desperate Housewives.
Inside the Top 25 Most of the Top 25 is in action this week. No. 3 Auburn, No. 4 California and No. 7 Michigan all face dangerous games against bitter rivals.
Possible Spurrier development could impact USC recruiting (Columbia) Nov. 18, 2004 - Former South Carolina Gamecock, New York Giant and Minnesota Vikings linebacker Corey Miller says the name Lou Holtz has helped South Carolina recruit football players.
Vikings' Birk Expected to Play Vs. Lions (AP) AP - Minnesota Vikings center Matt Birk is expected to start Sunday against the Detroit Lions despite pain in his abdomen.
Blair, Chirac try to put Iraq war behind them (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and French President Jacques Chirac called for  quot;a stable and democratic Iraq quot; as well as urgent efforts to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Bender Out Indefinitely With Knee Injury (AP) AP - Indiana Pacers forward Jonathan Bender's chronically injured left knee has taken yet another turn for the worse.
Dominican Navy Finds 10 Migrants' Bodies (AP) AP - Rescuers recovered the bodies of 10 Dominican migrants and searched for eight who remain missing after their boat capsized trying to reach Puerto Rico, officials said Thursday.
NHL Draft Will Wait on New Contract (AP) AP - There won't be an NHL entry draft before a collective bargaining agreement is reached with the players' association, the director of the league's scouting department said.
Golden Bears Focus on Archrival Stanford (AP) AP - J.J. Arrington and his California teammates are on the verge of so many remarkable accomplishments that it might be impossible not to think ahead to New Year's Day or beyond.
Baseball Owners' Vote on Expos Move Delayed  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Owners of Major League  Baseball's more than 30 teams did not vote as scheduled  Thursday on the proposed move of the Montreal Expos franchise  to Washington, DC.
Kerry to Give Dems Leftover Campaign Cash (AP) AP - Under friendly fire, Sen. John Kerry likely will donate a substantial portion of his excess presidential campaign cash to help elect Democratic candidates in 2005 and 2006, advisers said Thursday.
Henman Crushes Coria to Keep Masters Hopes Alive  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Britain's Tim Henman pounded Argentine  Guillermo Coria 6-2, 6-2 Thursday to keep alive his hopes of  reaching the Masters Cup semi-finals.
Senate Hears Testimony on Porn Addiction (AP) AP - Comparing pornography to heroin, researchers on Thursday called on Congress to finance studies on "porn addiction" and launch a public health campaign about the dangers.
Group Cites Electronic Voting Problems (AP) AP - The record use of electronic voting machines on Nov. 2 led to hundreds of voting irregularities and shows the need for higher standards, a voting rights group said Thursday.
Iraqis, U.S. Hail Falluja Success, Threats Remain  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. Lieutenant-General John  Sattler declared on Thursday his forces had "broken the back of  the insurgency" in Falluja, but U.S. troops still faced dangers  in the city and guerrillas attacked elsewhere in Iraq.
UN Security Council to Witness Sudan Peace Pledge  NAIROBI (Reuters) - The Sudanese government and its  southern rebel opponents have agreed to sign a pledge in the  Kenyan capital on Friday to formally end a brutal 21-year-old  civil war, with U.N. Security Council ambassadors as witnesses.
IRA must take immediate steps to disarm: N. Ireland Protestant leader (AFP) AFP - Warning that he would not be "bluffed," Protestant leader Ian Paisley said the latest attempt to achieve piece in Northern Ireland was doomed unless the Catholic paramilitary IRA took immediate and verifiable steps to disarm.
Britain Bans Fox Hunting, Brushing Off Blair Wobble  LONDON (Reuters) - Ending years of bitter argument, Britain  finally banned the centuries-old pursuit of fox hunting on  Thursday -- but only after a last-minute attempt by the  government to delay its demise until after the next election.
China eyes new turf: S. America Bush visits the region Friday, but President Hu Jintao has been striking business deals for two weeks.
Fallujah yields up weapons, videos Captured video shows what appears to be Iraqi insurgents preparing for battle and attacking US forces.
Activist Charged With Blackmailing Yankee (AP) AP - A federal judge refused to dismiss charges Thursday against a self-styled community activist accused of attempting to blackmail New York Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield and his wife with a purported sex videotape, and ordered him held in jail.
MBIA Gets Subpoenas from SEC, Spitzer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - MBIA Inc., a large U.S. bond insurer,  said on Thursday it received subpoenas from the U.S. Securities  and Exchange Commission and New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer, seeking information about so-called non-traditional or  loss-mitigation insurance products.
Disney Profit Up, TV Outshines Studio (Reuters) Reuters - Walt Disney Co.  posted a 24\percent rise in profit on Thursday as advertising gains at ESPN\and ABC television networks more than made up for a sharp\slowdown at Disney's movie studio.
Mitsubishi, Itochu to be stakeholders in Isuzu Mitsubishi Corp. and Itochu Corp. will buy stakes in truck maker Isuzu Motors Ltd., the two trading companies said Thursday. Mitsubishi Corp.
Nike Chief Phil Knight Resigns; Board Appoints Perez (Update4) Nike Inc. said Phil Knight, who began the company in 1972 selling sneakers from his car and built it into the world #39;s biggest athletic-shoe maker, will step down next month as chief executive officer.
Google warns a slowing of growth is  #39;inevitable #39; Google warned Thursday that increased competition and the maturing of the company would result in an  quot;inevitable quot; slowing of its growth.
El Paso shareholders endorse auditor HOUSTON El Paso Corporation shareholders today ignored recommendations from two advisory firms to fire its longtime outside auditor.
Victims #39; relatives to make voices heard in crematory case LAFAYETTE, Ga. Prosecutors say several dozen relatives of people whose bodies were among more than 300 found at a northwest Georgia crematory have asked to make statements at a sentencing hearing for the crematory #39;s former operator.
London acquires its own big Apple Those wishing to be the first to worship at London #39;s latest temple of technology will doubtless be huddled in sleeping bags tonight outside the Apple Store in Regent Street.
RIAA follows MPAA in fight against file swappers The great debate over file-sharing rages on, with some, like the Electronic Frontier Foundation maintaining that copyright law doesn #39;t matter anymore.
China, 15 Other Countries Consider NASA Exploration China and 15 other countries joined NASA officials this week to consider how they might cooperate with US plans for human exploration of the moon and Mars.
Man Utd #39;s Van Nistelrooy: Injury just a knock Manchester United #39;s Ruud van Nistelrooy has played down the injury he received playing for Holland on Wednesday night. Van Nistelrooy hobbled off with a hip problem as the Dutch beat Andorra 3-0.
Molson Indy Vancouver gets black flag  quot;The bottom line is the business model couldn #39;t work, quot; said Jo-Ann McArthur, president of sponsoring Molson Sports and Entertainment.
 #39;Old-fashioned, out of time. #39; Clarke dismisses princely view of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fragile relationship between the government and the royal family was under fresh strain last night, after the education secretary, Charles Clarke, dismissed the Prince of Wales #39; views on education as  quot;old-fashioned and out of time quot; and claimed the 
Wave of Violence in Iraq as Marine Is Killed in Fallujah BAGHDAD, 19 November 2004 - A wave of violence engulfed Iraq as a US Marine and an Iraqi soldier were killed in Fallujah yesterday.
An Ivorian economy  #39;fatally hurt #39; PARIS One week after a fragile calm returned to Ivory Coast, the country #39;s business life remains in shambles, with many foreign chief executives out of the country and no prospect of their immediate return.
Hamas demands new Palestinian election system Hamas is demanding changes to the election system employed by the Palestinian Authority (PA) in the 1996 elections to the Palestinian Legislative Council (the parliament).
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Thursday, Nov. 18, 2004, at least 1,216 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 945 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
Unproven rumours and innuendo trailed Gagliano throughout years in office (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The list of slurs, none proven, has come full circle for Alfonso Gagliano, more than two years after he fled the political limelight.
House Ready to Send Bush Debt-Limit Hike (AP) AP - Democrats accused Republicans of disastrous economic policies as Congress moved Thursday toward shipping President Bush an  #36;800 billion increase in the federal borrowing limit.
Groups Brace for Social Security Changes (AP) AP - Officials representing business groups, financial service companies, banks and insurance firms are gearing up for a legislative fight over Social Security, telling White House officials Thursday they are solidly behind President Bush's desire to remake the retirement system next year.
TV Reporter May Be Jailed for Refusing to Disclose Source The reporter was convicted of criminal contempt for refusing to disclose who leaked him an F.B.I. videotape on an investigation of government corruption in Providence.
US expert makes damning Vioxx claims An expert with the Food Drug Administration has accused the agency in Congress of having pressed him to withhold results of a study showing potential dangers of the anti-inflammatory drug Vioxx.
Marsh #39;s 5 top execs leave board Insurance firm says its board now consists of its new CEO Michael Cherkasky and 10 outside members. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Knight: Quits As Nike CEO, President; Remains Chairman In one fell swoosh. Nike (nyse: NKE - news - people ) said its President and Chief Executive Phil Knight, 66, will relinquish those posts.
Judge orders chief operating officer Radler, 2 more, off Hollinger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - An Ontario judge has ordered three directors removed from the board of Hollinger Inc., including Conrad Black #39;s wife, Barbara Amiel-Black, company co-chief operating officer David Radler and vice-president Jack Boultbee.
El Paso shareholders vote to keep auditor Shareholders in natural gas pipeline company El Paso Corp. (EP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday rejected a bid to fire PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP as the company #39;s 
New Fossil May Be Close Ancestor of Great Apes and Humans A husband-wife fossil-hunting team in Spain has excavated the skeleton of a 13 million-year-old creature they believe is close to the last common ancestor of modern great apes and humans.
Major Security Patch Overhaul For Oracle Oracle (Quote, Chart) has overhauled its security patch policy after a growing number of complaints from customers and even its own executives.
Study: VoIP costs all over the map com November 18, 2004, 4:04 PM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread IP telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Turkey of the Week: The NFL Hypocrisy Clear Channel, Cincinnati. To the hypocrisy of the NFL, a bird comes your way. A promo airs before  quot;Monday Night Football quot; featuring Nicolette Sheridan from the  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; show and Terrell Owens of the Eagles.
Blazers reportedly mull blockbuster trade for Carter The Toronto Raptors and Portland Trail Blazers are in talks about a seven-player blockbuster deal that would grant Vince Carter his wish to get out of Toronto, ESPN reported Thursday.
MLB delays vote to move Expos CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Major League Baseball owners tabled Thursday #39;s vote to relocate the Montreal Expos to Washington. According to baseball commissioner Bud Selig, the owners will likely vote before the winter meetings on Dec. 6.
US claims on Iran  quot;undermined quot; by Iraq False warnings about Iraq #39;s nuclear capabilities have undermined similar US claims about the dangers of Iran #39;s activities, a former chief weapons inspector has said.
Scotsman praised as media urged to keep Dafur in spotlight POLITICIANS and aid agencies yesterday stressed the importance of the media in keeping the spotlight on the appalling human rights abuses taking place in the Darfur region of Sudan.
PM arrives in Chile for APEC PRIME Minister John Howard joined world leaders from across Asia and the Pacific today for the 12th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders #39; meeting.
US expected to boost troop levels in Iraq Some question whether it will be enough to quell the violence and worry about the impact of prolonged tours. Amid a spike in violence in Iraqi cities coinciding with the Fallujah offensive, the US military 
New European Commission endorsed by EP The revised team of European commissioners headed by Jose Manuel Durao Barroso was approved by the European Parliament (EP) on Thursday.
Torre Glad Yankees Pursuing Pedro (AP) AP - New York Yankees manager Joe Torre would love to have Pedro Martinez in his rotation  #151; just as he'd love to have any great starting pitcher.
Donovan Claims Soccer Player of Year Again (AP) AP - Landon Donovan was voted the U.S. soccer team player of the year Thursday, becoming the first three-time winner.
Gold Fields loses again Gold Fields #39; latest legal bid to prevent a hostile takeover by South African rival Harmony was thrown out by regulators yesterday in another blow to its defence strategy.
Nike Co-Founder Knight Steps Down as CEO  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Philip Knight, the co-founder of  Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt;, is stepping down as chief executive officer,  the athletic shoe company said on Thursday.
Sirius Names Mel Karmazin as Its CEO  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - In the latest coup for the  fledgling satellite radio industry, Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIRI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIRI.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday named former Viacom Inc. President Mel  Karmazin as its chief executive officer.
Vietnam hits out at US anti-dumping shrimp tariffs HANOI (AFP) - Vietnam has hit out at a decision by the United States to uphold anti-dumping duties on imports of Vietnamese shrimp.
Dollar Rallies from Record Low Vs. Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied on Thursday from a  record low against the euro as traders attempted to square  positions ahead of a meeting of G20 finance ministers this  weekend.
Google Shares Slump on Revenue Outlook  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;  fell almost 3 percent on Thursday, after the Web search leader  warned it could not sustain in revenue growth rate, a sign that  it could report disappointing fourth-quarter results.
UPDATE 1-Stelco fails to reach labor deal by GM deadline Stelco Inc (STEa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said it will not reach a new labor agreement with the union at its Lake Erie Works by midnight on Thursday, meaning Canada #39;s No.
Calif. insurance chief sues four insurers in kickback probe SAN DIEGO California #39;s insurance commissioner says a San Diego company took kickbacks from four major insurance companies in exchange for winning contracts with major US companies.
Fossilised ape skeleton could be evolution #39;s missing link An extinct ape that lived 13 million years ago has been identified as the leading contender for the title of last common ancestor of humans and all great apes alive today.
Many still await MSN, Yahoo e-mail upgrades Microsoft #39;s Hotmail and Yahoo have promised to boost storage limits for their free e-mail services, but for many users, the upgrades haven #39;t been delivered.
Casey voices regret after e-mail barrage A FLOOD of nasty e-mails has made Ryder Cup star Paul Casey realise he made the biggest mistake of his career so far by talking about  quot;hating quot; Americans.
Regent: CU needs to restore confidence University of Colorado Regent Jim Martin said Thursday the university must take swift, sure action to restore public trust after the disclosure of a critical audit of a fund-raising organization and a private football camp run by head 
Ministers criticise Prince #39;s  #39;out-dated #39; views on schooling Two of the Cabinet #39;s senior members criticised the Prince of Wales yesterday, saying his views on schools, which emerged during a discrimination case, were old-fashioned, out-dated and wrong.
Dispute over commissioners ends after MEPs finally approve &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jose Manuel Barroso, the European Commission President, yesterday won the big majority from MEPs he needed for his new team of commissioners, as a three-week political crisis ended.
Robinson Signs Deal to Manage Expos in DC (Reuters) Reuters - On the day Major League\Baseball owners delayed the vote to finalize the move of the\Expos to Washington, DC, the club on Thursday signed manager\Frank Robinson to a one-year contract.
Robinson Signs Deal to Manage Expos in DC  VIERA, Florida (Sports Network) - On the day Major League  Baseball owners delayed the vote to finalize the move of the  Expos to Washington, DC, the club on Thursday signed manager  Frank Robinson to a one-year contract.
Roddick Blasts Way Past Safin Into Masters Semis  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Andy Roddick out-muscled Russia's Marat  Safin 7-6, 7-6 on Thursday to win a battle of the heavy hitters  and a place in the Masters Cup semi-finals.
Canadian PM expels anti-Bush MP Paul Martin dismisses an MP from the ruling Liberal Party because of her outspoken criticism of US President George W Bush.
Nike Co-Founder Knight Steps Down as CEO  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt; co-founder  Philip Knight, who helped transform a small start-up into the  world's biggest athletic shoe company, will step down as chief  executive officer, the company said on Thursday.
76ers Score Record-Low 6 Points in Quarter (AP) AP - The Philadelphia 76ers set a dubious team record Thursday night by scoring just 6 points in the first quarter against the San Antonio Spurs.
No. 12 Maryland Tops George Mason 78-54 (AP) AP - Chris McCray and Nik Caner-Medley each scored 20 points and 12th-ranked Maryland limited George Mason to four first-half baskets in a 78-54 victory Saturday.
Sirius Names Karmazin CEO, Shares Jump (Reuters) Reuters - Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.\ on Thursday named former Viacom Inc. President Mel\Karmazin as its chief executive, in the latest migration of a\mainstream radio heavyweight to the fledgling satellite\industry.
Sirius Names Karmazin CEO, Shares Jump  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIRI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIRI.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday named former Viacom Inc. President Mel  Karmazin as its chief executive, in the latest migration of a  mainstream radio heavyweight to the fledgling satellite  industry.
Leaders reassure Pakistan-US ties remain strong Presidents George W. Bush of the United States and Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan met Saturday to emphasize that ties between their nations remain strong, despite Islamabad #39;s decision to scale back its search for Osama bin Laden.
The Local Scene-Some local talk about Sears-Kmart merger Wednesday #39;s announcement that Kmart is acquiring Sears in an \$11 billion deal spawned a lot of questions and comments at the Rolla outlets of the two companies.
Dollar falls to 103.75 yen on remark by Snow The dollar slipped close to its lowest level of the year Thursday in Tokyo, entering 103 yen territory as market players dumped the currency in the belief that the United States tacitly approves of its weakening.
Scientist blasts FDA over Vioxx, says other drugs pose similar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The recently withdrawn painkiller Vioxx may have caused as many as 139,000 heart attacks, strokes and deaths, a government drug-safety scientist told lawmakers on Thursday.
Briefs: Russia to pay IMF debt early President Vladimir Putin told the director general of the International Monetary Fund, Rodrigo Rato, on Thursday that Moscow was ready to pay off its debts early because the budget was benefiting from soaring prices for Russia #39;s energy exports.
Disney 4Q Earnings Rise to \$516 Million Walt Disney Co. said Thursday that profit jumped 24 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, driven by growth at its television networks, theme parks and consumer products businesses.
Nike Co-Founder Knight Steps Down as CEO Nike Inc. (NKE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) co-founder Philip Knight, who helped transform a small start-up into the world #39;s biggest athletic shoe company, will step 
Courses to help teach you LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, the largest public US pension fund, has tendered its 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc.
Stocks to Watch Tuesday  Dealers said Smith Barney cut its rating on the stock of  Amazon.com to "sell" from "hold" on concerns over sales during  the year-end period.
Nation/World Forty percent of Americans in a new survey say the quality of health care has gotten worse in the past five years compared with just 17 percent who see improvement.
Fossil may fill gap in evolution A 13-million-year-old fossil found in Spain may be that of the last common ancestor to all living great apes, including humans, researchers reported Thursday.
IBM tops server speed test IBM #39;s new top-end Power5-based Unix server has a commanding lead in a performance test of servers running a large database. A \$16.7 million configuration of the company #39;s eServer p5-595 performed 3.21 million 
Energy Secretary Gets Mixed Reviews at Los Alamos Los Alamos employees like the University of California #39;s benefits, its academic reputation and the chance to send their children to UC at in-state prices.
Microsoft adds support to Unesco IT education plan Microsoft has added its support to the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (Unesco) to apply IT to education initiatives in developing countries.
Australia four back as Ireland, Austria grab World Golf lead Australia is four shots from the lead after the opening fourballs round of the World Cup golf event in Spain, with Stephen Leaney and Nick O #39;Hern tied for sixth on 8-under.
Kenteris, Thanou charged for crash Greek authorities have charged athletes Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou with avoiding a drug test prior to the Athens Olympics and then faking a motorcycle accident.
McMurray best of the rest in NASCAR Jamie McMurray clinched 11th place in the Nextel Cup points standings by finishing in fourth place at Darlington Raceway last Sunday.
Webb two off Sorenstam #39;s pace Karrie Webb shot an opening round of four-under par 68 to be two shots behind Annika Sorenstam at the LPGA Tour Championship at Trump International golf course.
Early breakthrough to Kasper Michael Kasprowicz dismissed Daniel Vettori in just the fifth over of the session to reduce New Zealand to 8 for 264 on the second day of the Gabba Test this morning.
Stubblefield eyes NCAA receptions mark But he admits he never expected to be on the brink of breaking the NCAA career receptions record when he first arrived in West Lafayette five years ago.
Prince Charles chastised for  #39;old fashioned #39; views LONDON: A British minister launched a scathing attack on heir to the throne Prince Charles on Thursday, accusing him of being  quot;very old fashioned quot; and out of touch in his views on teaching in schools.
APEC Ministers Prepare for Two-Day Summit Ministers and officials from the 21 Asia and Pacific Rim economies continue their work in Santiago, Chile, in preparation for the two-day summit of leaders from APEC - the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum.
Ivory Coast rebel ministers suspended after failing to end cabinet ABIDJAN : The Ivory Coast government suspended former rebels from the cabinet after they failed to attend a first government session since the country #39;s latest crisis, citing security reasons.
Death penalty call in E Guinea Equatorial Guinea #39;s state prosecutor has called for the death penalty for a South African man accused of taking part in an alleged coup attempt.
Relief goods airlifted to stricken areas as weather begins to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; REAL, QuezonHelicopters delivered food to famished survivors and picked up casualties as the weather cleared Saturday in villages ravaged by back-to-back storms that slammed into Northeastern Luzon.
Mother of murder victim Reena Virk wishes offender well at parole hearing (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER  (CP) - Warren Glowatski has served enough time in prison for the murder of Reena Virk and should be granted parole Friday, the victim's mother said Thursday.
Feinstein Warns Goss Against CIA Reforms (AP) AP - A Democratic senator warned CIA Director Porter Goss Thursday that his efforts to make major changes could have "a significant and negative effect on the agency."
Voice loss 'threat' to workforce Germs, dust and central heating are partly to blame for an epidemic of voice loss which plagues UK workers, says a report.
Profits Are Up 24 at Disney and So, It Says, Is Teamwork Buoyed by the strong performance of ESPN and its other cable channels, the Walt Disney Company said that its profit rose 24 percent in the fourth quarter.
Garamendi settles with San Diego broker in exchange for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi says his settlement with San Diego-based Universal Life Resources is just the beginning of a deepening investigation.
Microsoft boss the world #39;s most  #39;spammed #39; person Email users inundated with unsolicited  quot;spam quot; messages have reason to hope Microsoft will develop better tools for tackling the problem: Bill Gates is suffering more than anyone.
AOL upgrades with security tools America Online subscribers will receive a raft of new and enhanced security services as part of their standard package with the launch of AOL 9.0 Security Edition, the latest upgrade of the company #39;s fee-based, consumer-focused online service.
Oracle Moves To Quarterly Security-Patch Cycle Oracle #39;s new quarterly security-patch schedule departs from its monthly schedule, which Microsoft also uses. By George V. Hulme.
Golf: Sorenstam seizes early lead at season-ending event WEST PALM BEACH, United States : Swedish star Annika Sorenstam shot a six-under-par 66 in the first round at the season-ending one million dollar ADT Championship.
AP: Holtz to Retire, Spurrier May Get Job (AP) AP - Lou Holtz will retire as coach at South Carolina after the season, The Associated Press learned Thursday night, apparently paving the way for Steve Spurrier to replace him.
Aussie misses out on Miss World AUSTRALIAN Sarah Davies has missed out on being crowned Miss World 2004 at the finals of the beauty pageant in China. Twenty-year-old Miss Peru was crowned today in the southern Chinese resort town of Sanya 
Fears over five more big-selling medicines in US A senior United States drug official last night said he believed at least another five medicines at present on sale needed further scrutiny in the wake of recent health scares.
Reuters moves to sell Instinet Reuters, the media and information group, is understood to have appointed investment bankers to explore the sale of Instinet, its American electronic stock trading business.
Audits of wealthy rise 40 Audits of high-income taxpayers rose 40 in fiscal year 2004, while audits of large corporations rose 34, the IRS said Thursday. IRS officials said the numbers show the agency is 
Australia, China Cos. to Look for Nickel Australian nickel miner WMC Resources will explore for nickel and copper in western China in a joint venture with China #39;s Jinchuan Group, the companies said Friday.
Fossils Found in Spain Seen as Last Link to Great Apes Scientists in Spain have discovered fossils of an ape species from about 13 million years ago that they think may have been the last common ancestor of all living great apes, including humans.
Dell offers Media Center on the cheap Dell customers can upgrade from Microsoft Windows XP to Dell #39;s XP Media Center operating system for half the price as part of a promotion running from now until Nov. 22.
DNA company fires analyst Orchid Cellmark, a Maryland-based DNA laboratory that has worked on many high-profile cases, has fired an analyst for allegedly falsifying test data.
Apple iPod from HP (iPodhp) You #39;ve already seen our New Users #39; and Power Users #39; reviews of Apple #39;s fourth-generation iPod (iPodlounge rating: A-/B).
Racist chanting puts Madrid bid at risk Racial abuse of black players during England #39;s friendly against Spain has seriously jeopardised Madrid #39;s chances of staging the Olympics in 2012, according to members of the International Olympic Committee.
No. 19 North Carolina State Pounds Elon RALEIGH, NC (Sports Network) - Julius Hodge poured in a game-high 21 points as 19th-ranked North Carolina State routed Elon, 71-45, in the semifinal round of the BCA Invitational at the RBC Center.
Bucs #39; McFarland tears triceps muscle SPORTS NETWORK - Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive tackle Anthony McFarland is likely sidelined the rest of this season because of a torn triceps muscle.
French leader backs cooperation with Britain but maintains stance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Europe needs to become a power on the international stage, able to stand alongside the United States in shaping a fairer world order, President Jacques Chirac of France said last night.
Commandos set to storm Mosul MOSUL: Iraqi commandos backed by US troops were preparing to storm insurgent strongholds in the city of Mosul yesterday as US-led forces continued their bid to clear the city of rebels.
Security Further Tightened In Jammu JAMMU, IHK : Nov 19 (SADA) - In occupied Kashmir, security apparatus has been further beefed up in the winter capital Jammu with additional deployment of police and para military personnel ahead of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s arrival here 
Ratification of Kyoto Protocol serves Russian interests: FM &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol marks a new phase in the international cooperation to deal with the global warming and serves the country #39;s interests, Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Yakovenko said Thursday.
Officials monitor possible locust threat around-the-clock-Jordan Jordan has so far not been affected by the swarms of desert locusts that plagued Egypt on Wednesday with authorities here saying they are ready to deal with any emergency.
Oracle Takeover Approval Seen  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  won the backing of a key public pension fund in its  \$8.8-billion takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and  analysts said they expected a majority of shares to be tendered  its way ahead of a Friday deadline.
Continental Seeks \$500 Mln in Labor Cuts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Continental Airlines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said  late on Thursday it would seek \$500 million in annual wage and  other concessions from its workers to avert more losses largely  caused by record high fuel prices.
ETA Bombs Put Radical Basque Party in Tight Spot The armed Basque separatist group ETA showed it was not a spent force with Friday #39;s coordinated attacks at five Madrid petrol stations, but it also further isolated the guerrillas #39; closest political allies, Batasuna.
For Merck Chief, Credibility at the Capitol In a hearing before the Senate Finance Committee, the chairman and chief executive of Merck   Company was treated gently, inspite of bad news about Vioxx.
No. 24 Memphis Rolls Past St. Mary's 81-66 (AP) AP - Rodney Carney scored a career-high 33 points and Memphis ended the surprising tournament run of Saint Mary's with an 81-66 victory Thursday night in the semifinals of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.
A Presidential Fraternity Helps Clinton Open Library in Arkansas Members of many of the nation's past and present first families dedicated Bill Clinton's library in Little Rock, Ark., on Thursday.
No. 19 North Carolina State Pounds Elon  RALEIGH, N.C. (Sports Network) - Julius Hodge poured in a  game-high 21 points as 19th-ranked North Carolina State routed  Elon, 71-45, in the semifinal round of the BCA Invitational at  the RBC Center.
FIFA Under Pressure to Stamp Out Racism  LONDON (Reuters) - FIFA is under pressure to act decisively  following the racist abuse directed at England players during  Wednesday's friendly against Spain in Madrid.
A Coach and a Player Prove You Can Go Home Again In returning to their roots, Steelers defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau and Chargers tight end Antonio Gates have emerged as this season's unsung heroes.
Vivendi ups Moroccan phone stake Vivendi Universal increases its stake in Morocco's national telecoms business, days before it is partially floated.
Nintendo Prepares Weekend Launch of New Handheld  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A generation of children grew up  playing Nintendo Co. Ltd.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7974.OS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7974.OS&lt;/A&gt; Game Boy handheld video  game system, and now that they've grown up, Nintendo has a new  toy for them.
China pledges efforts in fight against terrorism, corruption Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing vowed Thursday in Santiago to make joint efforts with other members of the Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) in the fight against terrorism and corruption.
UN sees surge in Afghan opium exports A UN report -- noting while opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan was up 64 percent the past year, opium production had only increased 17 -- has still led one UN official 
Prince Charles embroiled in class controversy Britain #39;s Prince Charles was embroiled in a class controversy on Thursday, a day after a note expressing his candid thoughts about people who try to rise above their station in life was made public.
Kashmir: Problem Won #39;t Go Away with Some Troops No, the verdant Kashmir Valley did not witness the return of peace this Wednesday. Quite a few Indians, however, may have rubbed their eyes as they saw on the television screen truckloads of 
Microsoft Warns Asian Governments of Linux Suits  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; warned Asian  governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for  using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows  software.
D.C. College Students Targeted in Piracy Suit The recording industry's lobbying group today sued three users of American University's computer network, accusing them of illegally sharing digital music files online. They are among 761 suspected music pirates in the latest round of lawsuits. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Ex-Viacom Chief Karmazin Joining Sirius Satellite Radio Mel Karmazin, the former president of media conglomerate Viacom Inc., is joining Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. as CEO, replacing Joseph Clayton, who is staying on as chairman, the company announced Thursday.
Group Cites E-Voting Problems The record use of electronic voting machines on Nov. 2 led to hundreds of voting irregularities and shows the need for higher standards, a voting rights group said Thursday.
XML security device unveiled Web-services security company releases appliance designed to authenticate access into business networks.
Plenty to learn about services Conference focuses on challenges in services sector, such as how irritating Web-based self-service can be.
State bill could kill city Wi-Fi Backers of a Philadelphia Wi-Fi project are worried that a bill going through the state legislature would spike a plan to blanket the city with free or inexpensive wireless access. Broadband Blog
Calif. retirement fund tenders PeopleSoft shares Calpers joins group of big PeopleSoft investors backing a \$9.2 billion Oracle buyout.
Start-up pitches high-end Web apps on the cheap ActiveGrid lands multimillion-dollar funding for plan to use open-source tools, low-cost servers for Web applications.
Congress approves supercomputing bill Following report of security inadequacies, Congress passes bill for \$165 million in new supercomputing funds.
IBM tops server speed test New top-end Power5-based Unix server has commanding lead in performance test of servers running a large database.
AOL, Oracle tackle software safeguards Worried about spyware? spam? "spim"? AOL wants to set your mind at rest. Also: Putting patches in place.
Air Force turns to Microsoft for network security New deal aims to simplify and protect Air Force networks by introducing standard configurations.
Following trend, Oracle sets schedule for patches Releases dates of quarterly bulletins for 2005 to allow companies to better plan system updates.
Study: VoIP costs all over the map Companies trying to deploy Internet phone calling face varied costs depending on the technology provider, according to a report.
VoIP: Today Des Moines, tomorrow the world Federal ruling makes Internet phone providers roll out services more actively.
Photo: Super-slim TV tubes LG.Philips Displays' new picture tube line allows for thinner televisions.\
Slimmer tube TVs to challenge flat panels Television makers say 16-inch-thick tube sets will arrive next year at a fraction of the price of thin rivals.
Wanna buy an iPod, guv? Apple's new store in London's West End has a 64-seat theater and a staff that speaks 24 languages.\&lt;br /&gt;\  Photos: iPod lands in London
Segway CEO scoots from company Ron Bills will take off next month, leaving Segway to find the fourth CEO in its short history.
Dell offers Media Center on the cheap PC maker promotion lets customers upgrade from Windows XP Home to Windows XP Media Center Edition for half the price.
Photos: iPod lands in London Apple's new London store on Regent Street puts the iPod music player front and center.
Photo: Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 prints, scans, faxes and copies for \$179.
IT Forum: Exchange users to get more tools Although Microsoft won't announce the release date of the next version of its Exchange Server until next year, users can expect more management tools for existing versions in the meantime.
LI firm #39;s cancer drug approved A breakthrough cancer drug made by a Long Island company won federal approval late Thursday in a major victory for cancer patients and the region #39;s budding biotech industry.
Russian target Abramovich hit by 400m tax bill Chelsea football club #39;s owner, Roman Abramovich, has been hit with a 400m tax bill relating to his Russian oil company Sibneft, according to local reports, raising fears that he could be the next oligarch targeted by President Vladimir Putin in the 
University researchers challenge Bush win in Florida According to researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, counties with electronic voting machines were significantly more likely to show increased support for President Bush compared to counties with paper ballots or optical scan equipment.
Bill Gates gets 4 million emails a day The next time you #39;re sifting through the mortgage offers, cheap Rolex watches or dubious business proposals from Nigeria, spare a thought for Bill Gates.
Ape discovery fills gap in evolutionary jigsaw Scientists have found fossilised remains of what could be the last common ancestor to all the great apes living today. It will give scientists vital clues in charting the course of primate and, ultimately, human evolution.
IBM Breaks Computing Speed Barrier IBM announced that an IBM POWER5(TM) processor-based IBM eServer(TM), running DB2 Universal Database(TM), has attained a milestone in computing history, soaring past the barrier of three million transactions per minute on the TPC-C benchmark and setting 
Spotted owl remains a threatened species, government says GRANTS PASS, Ore. - After a review prompted by a timber industry lawsuit, the federal government announced Thursday that the northern spotted owl, the icon of logging wars in the Northwest, will remain on the threatened species list.
Racing: Best Mate in shape to hold challenge of Rembrandt Today #39;s The Day. Every blade of grass has been inspected and passed fit, every weather forecast scanned. Best Mate will, short of an overnight declaration of Armageddon, make his seasonal 
Cavaliers 106, Bobcats 89 LeBron James helped break the game open late in the second quarter by driving baseline for a windmill dunk, one of three crowd-pleasers among James #39; 19 points in Cleveland #39;s 106-89 victory Thursday night over Charlotte.
UN warning over Afghan opium Afghanistan #39;s poppy cultivation increased by almost two-thirds this year and accounts for 87 of world supply of raw opium, a UN report said yesterday, warning of the country #39;s descent into a drugs-based economy.
Ministers line up to attack Charles as  #39;patronising #39; The dispute between the Prince of Wales and the Government over education intensified last night when a second Cabinet minister rebuked the prince for claiming the current system fuelled unrealistic ambitions.
Junta frees prisoners in Burma Burma #39;s military government began releasing almost 4,000 prisoners yesterday whose detentions were ruled irrelevant or improper, state-run radio and television said.
Bush seems primed for Mideast push But the most important entry on Middle East watchers #39; list is George W. Bush: in for four more years. The recent death of Arafat, the Palestinian Authority president, creates an opportunity for the United 
Gateway expands Media Center PC lineup Media Center PCs allow users to record live television, burn DVDs and organize their digital media files.
New Google Scholar search service aimed at academics It lets users search for scholarly literature such as peer-reviewed papers, theses, abstracts and technical reports from resources such as academic publishers, universities, professional societies and preprint repositories.
Streaking Spurs Roll Past Sixers 88-80 (AP) AP - Tim Duncan scored a season-high 34 points and grabbed 13 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs to their fifth straight victory, 88-80 over the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday night.
Microsoft, Yahoo extend contract for Web ads The move comes at a time when Microsoft is sharpening its own tools and expertise in the area.
Salesforce.com continues strong customer growth Company experiences 80 gain in customers in one year, to nearly 200,000.
Cards' Smith, Berry, Dansby Questionable (AP) AP - Arizona starters Emmitt Smith, Bertrand Berry and Karlos Dansby are questionable for Sunday's game at Carolina after sitting out the Cardinals' practice on Thursday.
Britain to Send Christmas Gifts to Troops (AP) AP - Pipes and pencils will be replaced by cameras and games when a 90-year-old royal tradition of sending gifts to British troops abroad is revived this Christmas, a defense spokesman said Thursday.
W3C highlights Mobile Web Initiative at workshop Group seeks to make Web access for mobile device users as easy as it is for desktop users.
Palestinians Seek Int'l Election Monitors (AP) AP - Palestinian officials appealed Thursday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged Israel's unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip be folded into a stalled international peace plan.
Oracle: PeopleSoft investors should tender shares With tomorrow's deadline approaching, Oracle today made another plea to PeopleSoft stockholders to tender their shares, telling them, "The choice is yours."
No. 19 N.C. State Demolishes Elon 71-45 (AP) AP - Julius Hodge scored 17 points on his 21st birthday to join an exclusive group of Atlantic Coast Conference players, leading No. 19 North Carolina State past Elon 71-45 Thursday night in the semifinals of the BCA Invitational.
Rural leaders put heat on Tory government as Alta election looms (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - With just days to go before Monday's provincial election, Alberta's Tory government is taking some heat from rural municipal leaders over its provincial water policy and the handling of the mad cow crisis.
Google sees benefits in corporate blogging Google, which implemented an internal Web log system behind its firewall about 18 months ago, has seen tremendous benefits from it and may in the future consider providing tools and expertise for this purpose to interested clients, a Google executive said.
Do software users need indemnification? If purchasing software were as straightforward as buying a car, users would not have to think twice about the risk of intellectual property lawsuits.
Patent hoarders intensify protection issue The chances of a user being sued for intellectual property (IP) infringement related to software usage are slim, industry observers say. But that may change, as some companies hoard patents for the express purpose of using them to extract money from sellers and users of software.
Oracle to deliver security patches on quarterly basis Starting Jan. 18, Oracle will provide security patches for all of its products on a quarterly basis, a schedule it believes is most convenient for customers.
Yahoo, SBC extend partnership, plan new services Yahoo and SBC Communications will collaborate to extend to cell phones and home entertainment devices some of the online services and content they currently provide to PC users.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
AOL developing file-backup service America Online Inc. (AOL) is developing a new service that will let its members back up files from their PCs on AOL data centers, so that the members will be able to recover files either deleted accidentally or lost due to a hard drive failure, an AOL executive said.
Exchange users to get more tools Microsoft Corp. will announce the release date of the next version of its Exchange Server in the first half of 2005, but until the upgrade arrives users can expect more management tools for existing versions, a company executive said this week.
AOL Developing File-Backup Service Members could have automatic access to easy backup on AOL servers.
Microsoft, Yahoo Extend Contract for Web Ads Renegotiation may provide glimpse into Microsoft's search plans.
Study Claims E-Voting Irregularities Found in Florida Even if so, state presidential results wouldn't shift.
Enter your e-mail: Lycos Europe has found an attractive, but controversial, way to generate buzz about its business - give common folk the power to attack spammers.
Belgian and Italian Banks Talk of Partnership Dexia, the Belgian financial services firm, and Sanpaolo IMI, the Italian bank, confirmed that they were in discussions about a partnership.
Russia Seeks to Prosecute Two More at Yukos The Russian government issued an arrest warrant for the chief lawyer for Yukos and arrested a midlevel executive at a company subsidiary.
Eisner Regrets Praising Ovitz on  #39;Larry King #39; In a interview on CNN #39;s  quot;Larry King Live quot; in September 1996, Michael D. Eisner, chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, praised its former president, Michael S. Ovitz.
Dollar Holds Gain on Concern Group of 20 Will Object to Decline The dollar held a one-day gain in Asia on speculation policy makers will express concern at its recent decline during a meeting of officials from the Group of 20 largest economies this weekend.
 #39;Lite #39; beer brand puts fizz into SABMiller profits The low-carbohydrate American beer Miller Lite, which is locked in a bitter brand war with its rival Bud Lite, was the star performer for SABMiller, helping the brewer to a 28 rise in half-year underlying operating profits.
Gas leak from oil platform off SoCal triggers evacuation of crew OXNARD - A leak of explosive natural gas forced dozens of workers to evacuate an offshore oil platform for hours Thursday but no damage or injuries were reported.
AOL 9.0 is Security Minded American Online (AOL) is releasing a new, more secure browser. Included in the package are a firewall, antivirus and a popup blocker all courtesy of McAfee - also included are dozens of other small utilities designed to keep users safe.
IBM Says It Swamps Rivals in Key UNIX Computer Test IBM IBM.N said on Thursday its workhorse commercial computers have smashed the industry #39;s most demanding tests, which analysts said creates a performance gap that could 
Ferdinand almost quit Spain game Rio Ferdinand has said he was ready to come off the field after Spanish fans hurled abuse at England #39;s black players in Wednesday #39;s match.
Second-Ranked Wake Forest Beats Virginia Commonwealth WINSTON-SALEM, NC (Sports Network) - Chris Paul scored 16 points to lead No. 2 Wake Forest over Virginia Commonwealth, 81-67, in the quarterfinal round of the Preseason NIT.
Takeover offer for Sunderland FC Bob Murray, the chairman of Sunderland, is seeking to take full control of the football club after buying out fellow shareholder BSkyB.
Jaguar negotiates 534m Ford aid Ford will inject 534m into Jaguar, after the UK car maker had to cover a writedown on its investments following a drop in production.
N.Korea Denies Removal of Leader Kim Portraits-Xinhua Reports that portraits of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il had been removed were a  quot;groundless fabrication, quot; China #39;s Xinhua news agency quoted a Foreign Ministry official on Friday as saying in Pyongyang.
Pacers' Bender Out Indefinitely with Knee Injury (Reuters) Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward\Jonathan Bender will be out indefinitely due to his chronically\injured left knee.
Pacers' Bender Out Indefinitely with Knee Injury  INDIANAPOLIS (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers forward  Jonathan Bender will be out indefinitely due to his chronically  injured left knee.
Touchdowns and Milestones Pile Up for Martin Jets running back Curtis Martin needs just 16 yards on Sunday to become the second player to reach 1,000 yards in 10 consecutive seasons.
Giants' Manning Gets Some Brotherly Advice: 'Don't Trip' Eli Manning, who will start his first professional game at quarterback on Sunday, insisted he would not try to establish his legacy in three hours.
Ready to Get Started Cavaliers coach Pete Gillen believes his team is better than last season, but the improvement may not be enough to help Virginia contend in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Passing Marks in Peril Peyton Manning is on pace to shatter Dan Marino's single-season touchdown record and a second quarterback, Daunte Culpepper, is within striking distance of the mark.
Memphis Stops St. Mary's Rodney Carney scores a career-high 33 points and Memphis ends the surprising tournament run of Saint Mary's with an 81-66 victory.
Gilchrist Keeps Working The 15th-ranked Terps will look to John Gilchrist to take a central leadership role as they open the season against Jackson State.
Dollar Sticks Near Lows  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar stayed in sight of historic  lows against the euro on Friday as traders braced for a meeting  of G20 finance ministers that is not expected to act against  the dollar's weakness.
For Merck Chief, Credibility at the Capitol Something finally went right yesterday for Raymond V. Gilmartin, the embattled chairman and chief executive of Merck  amp; Company.
Less Power, More Money for Sears Boss Alan J. Lacy will not be the top man at Sears, Roebuck  amp; Company any longer if the announced merger with Kmart is completed. But he will receive a raise and could take out more than \$20 million by cashing out his existing options on Sears stock.
Sirius Names Mel Karmazin as Its CEO In the latest coup for the fledgling satellite radio industry, Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. on Thursday named former Viacom Inc. President Mel Karmazin as its chief executive officer.
UnumProvident Accepts Penalty The UnumProvident Corporation agreed to pay \$15 million in fines and reassess 200,000 denied claims to end investigations by attorneys general of several states 
PeopleSoft Chief Threatens to Sue Over Oracle Statements With Oracle #39;s \$9.2 billion tender offer for PeopleSoft set to expire Friday, David A. Duffield, PeopleSoft #39;s chief executive, accused Oracle on Thursday of spreading 
SABMiller #39;s profits soar 81 SABMiller, the worlds third biggest brewer, poured out a strong interim trading performance yesterday - as it also said it had a potential warchest of up to \$2 billion (1.08bn) if a major acquisition opportunity occurred.
French Growth Halted in Third Quarter (AP) AP - France's economic growth ground to a halt in the third quarter of 2004, the official statistics agency Insee said Tuesday, reducing its earlier estimate of a 0.1 percent expansion.
Rayovac to Buy United Industries (Reuters) Reuters - Battery maker Rayovac Corp.  on\Tuesday said it would buy United Industries Corp., a maker of\lawn and garden products, for about  #36;476 million in cash and\stock in a bid to diversify its product mix.
Microsoft warns Asian governments of Linux suits NOVEMBER 18, 2004 (REUTERS) - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian governments today that they could face patent lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows software.
U2 iPod on sale in Europe  #39;Saturday #39; Apple today confirmed that the new special edition U2 iPod will go on sale in the UK on November 20. Launching Apple #39;s new London store, senior vice president of retail Ron Johnson, said:  quot;The 
lab fires analyst over falsified tests Orchid Cellmark, a Montgomery County-based laboratory that has analyzed DNA for such high-profile cases as the OJ Simpson trial and the JonBenet Ramsey murder, has fired an analyst for allegedly 
Spotted Owl to Stay on Threatened List The northern spotted owl, the bird at the center of the Pacific Northwest logging wars, will stay on the threatened species list, the government said Thursday.
Big Jake makes his mark he #39;s the tallest, most solidly-built player in international cricket at the moment. The next thing that gets your attention 
Legacy key element of bid paper A massive injection of cash for grassroots sport and a new national stadium for athletics are included in a multi-million pound legacy promised by London #39;s bid for the 2012 Olympic Games.
NBA Game Summary - Cleveland At Charlotte Charlotte, NC -- LeBron James poured in a game-high 19 points and Jeff McInnis scored 18 as the Cleveland Cavaliers routed the Charlotte Bobcats, 106-89, at the Charlotte Coliseum.
Cordiale Welcome for Chirac French president Jacques Chirac enjoyed a day of lavish hospitality as he visited Britain to celebrate the centenary of the Entente Cordiale.
Russia Formally Commits to Climate Pact Russia is expected to formally agree to the Kyoto Protocol on global warming today, following its signing into law by Russian President Vladimir Putin earlier this month.
Thousands to be freed from Myanmar jails The military leaders in Myanmar have decided to release about 4,000 prisoners the leaders admit were wrongly imprisoned. The media in the repressive state, formerly called 
GOP Governors Cheer Election Wins (AP) AP - Buoyed by President Bush's re-election and a political map with coast-to-coast Republican leaders, GOP governors gathered Thursday to cheer their electoral fortunes and discuss solving familiar fiscal problems at home.
House Ethics Panel Rebukes DeLay Accuser (AP) AP - The House ethics committee Thursday night turned the tables on Majority Leader Tom DeLay's accuser, rebuking Rep. Chris Bell for exaggerating misconduct allegations against the GOP leader.
F.D.A. Failing in Drug Safety, Official Asserts Federal drug regulators are "virtually incapable of protecting America" from unsafe drugs, a federal drug safety reviewer told a Congressional panel.
Former Viacom Chief Named to Lead Sirius Mel Karmazin, who quit as president of Viacom after a power struggle with his boss, has resurfaced as the new chief executive of Sirius Satellite Radio.
IRS Audits More of the Wealthy and Fewer Small Companies The Internal Revenue Service, in the midst of a crackdown on aggressive tax shelters, is auditing significantly more wealthy individuals and large companies, but is increasingly shying away from scrutinizing smaller businesses.
ExpressJet Pilots Ratify Labor Agreement HOUSTON, Nov. 18 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- ExpressJet Airlines, Inc. today announced that its pilots represented by the Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) ratified a new labor agreement.
U2 sees iPod TV spots as synergy, not sellout Uno, dos, tres, CATORCE! The TV quakes as a euphoric punk holler, stabbing guitar and muscle-bound rhythms roar over convulsive images of rock stars in silhouette.
Federer beats Moya in Masters Top-seeded Roger Federer overcame a second-set lapse and remained unbeaten in the ATP Masters Cup Championships with a victory Thursday night over Carlos Moya.
US downs Spain to face Australia in quarterfinals of women #39;s U-19 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States beat European champion Spain 1-0 on Thursday to set up to a quarterfinal showdown against Australia at the Women #39;s Under-19 World Championship.
Favre's Mother Falls Ill on Book Tour (AP) AP - Brett Favre's mother was hospitalized Thursday with stomach pains, interrupting her book tour.
Venus Williams Beats Serena in Exhibition (AP) AP - Venus Williams defeated injured sister Serena 6-4, 7-5 in an exhibition match Thursday night.
Colonial Tensions Reemerge in Ivory Coast Young Ivorians embrace anti-French sentiment and struggle to break ties with the colonial master.
Pavano Meets With Red Sox, and Schilling Makes a Pitch The free agent right-hander Carl Pavano, who will meet with the Yankees soon, spent two hours at Curt Schilling's home in Medfield, Mass., on Thursday.
Holtz Is Retiring, and Spurrier Will Take Over Job South Carolina Coach Lou Holtz will retire at the end of the football season, opening the way for Steve Spurrier, the former Florida coach, to take the job.
Lehigh and Lafayette Are Still Playing After All Those Years Lehigh and Lafayette on Saturday will meet for the 140th time, but for the first time with an automatic postseason bid on the line.
APEC Nations Work on Stronger Security Resolutions &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Fiona Ortiz&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Pacific Rim trading nationsagreed they should work harder to control the production andtrade of shoulder-launched missiles to keep them out of thewrong hands, foreign and trade ministers meeting in Chile saidin a resolution on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Japan, China Leaders Agree to Meeting The leaders of Japan and China agreed to a one-on-one meeting on the sidelines of a summit, overcoming a diplomatic impasse between the Asian powers that have been increasingly at odds. The breakthrough came as ministers for 21 Pacific Rim economics pledged Thursday work hard for the passage of a global trade treaty.
Henman Crushes Coria to Keep Masters Hopes Alive &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Steve Keating&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; HOUSTON (Reuters) - Britain's Tim Henman pounded ArgentineGuillermo Coria 6-2, 6-2 Thursday to keep alive his hopes ofreaching the Masters Cup semi-finals.&lt;/p&gt;
Brown Steps Forwrad Kwame Brown completes his first full practice since having foot surgery and gets rave reviews from coach Eddie Jordan. Brown is still expected out until December.
FDA Prompts Pfizer To Yank Viagra Ads The FDA thinks those  quot;wild thing quot; ads for Viagra need to be domesticated. The ads feature a balding middle-age man with a beautiful blond woman and a voice-over asking,  quot;Remember that guy who used to be called  #39;Wild Thing #39;?
Parreira plays down Brazil #39;s defeat Brazilian head coach Carlos Alberto Parreira played down sentiment about the world champion #39;s 1-0 defeat by minnow Ecuador in the South American zone World Cup qualifier.
Wall Street Set to Open Firmer (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was set to start higher on\Tuesday to recoup some of the prior session's losses, though\high-profile retailer Amazon.com  may come under\pressure after a broker downgrade.
 #39;Next Sunday #39; keeps Parcells motivated By lunchtime Thursday, Bill Parcells already had five voice mails from friends, all with pretty much the same message.  quot;They #39;re saying, Hang in there.
Sharon Sets Peace  #39;Test #39; for Palestinians Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, setting a test for a new Palestinian leadership, said it could show its desire for peace by ending incitement against Israel even before any crackdown on militants.
Cavs Dunk Bobcats LeBron James slams down a windmill dunk late in the second quarter and Cleveland never looks back in a 106-89 victory over Charlotte on Thursday night.
Founder of Nike to Hand Off Job to a New Chief Philip H. Knight, the brash founder of Nike who became as synonymous with the sneaker brand as its swoosh logo, resigned yesterday as chief executive after more than 32 years at the helm.
Former Viacom Chief Named to Lead Sirius Mel Karmazin, who abruptly quit as president and chief operating officer of Viacom earlier this year after a lengthy power struggle with his boss, resurfaced yesterday as the new chief executive of Sirius Satellite Radio.
Age of green cars arrives as Canadians cut emissions Cars that are environmentally friendly may be coming to drivers in North America faster than anyone expected after the Canadian government pledged this week to a dramatic 25 per 
Roddick earns Masters semifinal berth HOUSTON (Ticker) - Andy Roddick #39;s superior play in tiebreakers earned him a semifinal berth at the year-end \$3.7 million Tennis Masters Cup.
Athletics: Greek pair charged over drug tests The Greek sprinters Kostadinos Kederis and Ekaterina Thanou face possible jail sentences after being charged with avoiding a drug test on the eve of this summer #39;s Olympics and faking a motorcycle accident several hours later.
Slain aid worker mourned The suspected murder of British aid worker Margaret Hassan in Iraq was widely condemned here as a wave of unrest across Sunni Muslim hotspots killed more than 20 people, many of them women and children.
Clarke criticises princes views on education CHARLES Clarke, the education secretary, broke with government protocol yesterday to condemn the Prince of Wales for claiming that modern education wrongly encouraged people to think they could rise above their station.
U.S. May Have Found Fallujah Militant Base (AP) AP - U.S. troops sweeping through Fallujah on Thursday found what appeared to be a command center used by followers of Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, and a U.S. general expressed confidence the battle for the city has "broken the back of the insurgency."
No. 10 Arizona Outguns Wright St. 83-66 (AP) AP - Salim Stoudamire scored 24 points, including 6-of-9 3-pointers, and 10th-ranked Arizona beat Wright State 83-66 Thursday night in the second round of the Preseason NIT.
Global Fund to Fight Deadly Diseases (AP) AP - A fund set up to help combat three of the world's most widespread diseases will support another round of projects, organizers said Thursday, after the United States dropped its objections to financing provisions.
Fossil May Show Ape-Man Ancestor Scientists have discovered the remains of a tree-climbing creature that lived 13 million years ago in what is now northeastern Spain and may be the last common ancestor of modern great apes 
APEC leaders pledge to boost free trade SANTIAGO, Chile - Economic leaders present at the 16th Ministerial Meeting of the Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) on Thursday (Friday in Manila) agreed to strengthen efforts in trade liberalization and free trade.
Hokies Blast Terps Virginia Tech scores 24 points off four first-half turnovers in a 55-6 wipeout of Maryland on Thursday to remain alone atop the ACC.
Spurs Hold Off Sixers Tim Duncan scores a season-high 34 points and grabs 13 rebounds to lead the Spurs to their fifth straight victory, 88-80, over the 76ers.
Merck #39;s Vioxx Withdrawal Illustrates Power of Regulation by Trial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Merck  amp; Co. withdrew the popular drug Vioxx from the market in September, after data from a clinical trial supported claims the medication was associated with an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
Eisner Continues Defense of Hiring, Firing When Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner and Disney President Michael S. Ovitz appeared on  quot;Larry King Live quot; on Sept.
Stocks lack direction NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Stocks seesawed in afternoon trade Thursday, with blue chips struggling to maintain their gains while techs edged lower following warnings from Google.
Father of Nike, Marketing Guru Gives Up Post Philip H. Knight resigned yesterday as head of the Oregon sneaker company that he built into Nike Inc., a global sportswear powerhouse that made everyone want to soar in Air Jordans, Wear 
American Fare Cuts Presage Price War American Airlines slashed its fares to Miami yesterday by as much as 85 percent from several cities including Washington #39;s Reagan National Airport, possibly setting off a winter fare war on routes to Florida.
Oracle #39;s PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears Oracle Corp. #39;s \$24-a-share hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. heated up anew yesterday as tonight #39;s deadline for stockholders to offer their shares for sale approached.
IRS Chief Pleads for Bigger Budget Internal Revenue Commissioner Mark W. Everson called on Congress yesterday to boost the agency #39;s funding by the full \$500 million requested by President Bush, calling it a way to help shave the record federal budget deficit.
South Korea Says It May Not Meet 5 GDP Growth Target (Update3) South Korea #39;s economy may miss its 5 percent growth target for 2004 after expanding at its slowest pace in a year in the third quarter, the finance minister said.
PRA Raises \$68.4 Million In Its IPO PRA International Inc., a McLean company that manages clinical trials for drug companies worldwide, said it raised \$68.4 million yesterday in its initial public offering.
Oracle moves to quarterly patch release schedule NOVEMBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Oracle Corp. today announced that it is moving to a quarterly patch release schedule in response to user demands for a more predictable process for applying needed security fixes to the company #39;s software.
Syracuse Tops Mississippi St. 71-58 (AP) AP - Syracuse and Mississippi State both struggled in the first half. Hakim Warrick made sure Syracuse had a much better final 20 minutes. Warrick scored 17 of his 21 points in the second half and the fifth-ranked Orange beat No. 12 Mississippi State 71-58 Thursday night in the semifinals of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.
No. 15 Va. Tech Demolishes Maryland 55-6 Bryan Randall Throws Two TD Passes, Runs for Third As No. 15 Virginia Tech Crushes Maryland 55-6. Virginia Tech quarterback Bryan Randall (3) twarts the tackle of Maryland #39;s Dominique Foxworth (6) during first 
No. 2 Wake Forest 81, Virginia Commonwealth 67 For the second straight game, Wake Forest had to fight off its own inconsistency and an opponent that refused to quit. Chris Paul scored 16 points despite taking just three shots from the field Thursday night to help the No.
Motorola to Build Cell Phones Into Ski Jackets  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MOT.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt; said it will  unveil plans this week for a line of outerwear that uses  interactive cell phone and portable music technology in  snowboarding jackets, in a bid to win over twentysomethings.
UN: Sudan parties pledge peace Parties in conflict-torn Sudan made pledges for peace before the UN Security Council, which held extraordinary sessions in Nairobi, Kenya.
My views coming back into fashion - Prince THE Prince of Wales has defended his  quot;old-fashioned views quot; after Education Secretary Charles Clarke angrily accused the heir to the throne of being out of touch.
Pakistan plays down Indian comments on Kashmir solution ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Pakistan says it would not accept the existing military line dividing Kashmir as an international border, and is playing down concern that India is irreconcilibly opposed to adjusting that frontier.
Unbeaten Federer Marches Into Masters Semi-Finals  HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer downed  Carlos Moya, 6-3, 3-6, 6-3, Thursday to complete a dazzling  unbeaten run through the round-robin stages into the  semi-finals of the Masters Cup.
Cap Gemini Said to Weigh Selling Unit in America Cap Gemini, the Paris-based technology consulting and outsourcing giant, is considering a sale of its struggling business in North America.
Year-end target for Darfur troops The African Union mission chief to Sudan says he hopes  all troops will be deployed by the end of the year.
Ape adds new limb to tree of human evolution The latest probable common ancestor to humans and great apes had a body like an ape, fingers like a chimp and the upright posture of humans, according to researchers who unearthed a fossil of the animal in Spain.
Oracle moves to quarterly security patch cycle Software maker Oracle will soon start issuing security patches quarterly. This new patch schedule comes only months after the company said it would issue such security updates every month.
Sun-isms Debunked Newman writes  quot;We #39;re all aware of the hole-ridden arguments that Sun executives Scott McNealy and Jonathan Schwartz use to attack Linux.
Greek Sprinters Indicted on 8 Counts Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou face misdemeanor charges for allegedly skipping drug tests on the eve of the 2004 Summer Games in Athens, faking a motorcycle accident to cover up their absences and lying to investigators, the public 
Report: Holtz to quit; Spurrier to take over Stephen Orr Spurrier may become the new ball coach at South Carolina, a Southeastern Conference rival that immediately would leapfrog the Seminoles and Bulldogs as the opponent to bookmark on future schedules.
Matured Busch a title favorite, not fan favorite NASCAR #39;s new playoff-style championship format has delivered nearly everything its proponents promised: more intense racing, higher television ratings and a tight title race heading into Sunday #39;s season finale.
In the Second Half, an Orange Burst and Victory After a miserable offensive first half during which two of Syracuse #39;s best players seemed to be missing in action, an explosion seemed inevitable.
REVIEW: Nintendo DS a Sleek Powerhouse (AP) AP - The last time Nintendo Co. tried two screens, the result was a head-splitting virtual reality goggle called Virtual Boy that quickly flopped in the mid-1990s.
French leader touts cooperation French Leader Emphasizes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; French President Jacques Chirac toned down his criticism of Britain #39;s role in the Iraq war as he arrived yesterday on a two-day visit celebrating the Entente 
Leaders overlook Palestinian sentiment American policymakers and statesmen believe the Middle East is better off without Yasser Arafat. Madeline Albright said Arafat  quot;was viewed as an obstacle to peace, both by the Israelis and 
REVIEW: Windows Cell Phone Sleek, Stacked (AP) AP - With all the grumbling over Windows and its many shortcomings, why would anyone want Microsoft's computer operating system to run their cell phone?
SBC, Yahoo! Extend Pact to Offer Service (AP) AP - SBC Communications Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. are expanding their partnership in high-speed Internet access to make news, entertainment and other services available not just on computers but also on cell phones, televisions and other devices.
Taipei to Cloak City in World's Largest Wi-Fi Grid (Reuters) Reuters - Dennis Tseng is an avid Web surfer who\loves to hang out in Taipei's upmarket Hsinyi district, where\wireless Internet access is freely available to all.
Radio Veteran To Head Sirius (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Mel Karmazin, the hard-charging broadcasting executive who left Viacom Inc. after clashing with chairman and chief executive Sumner M. Redstone, is taking command at Sirius Satellite Radio Inc., which will reunite him with longtime ally Howard Stern.
After False Starts, 3G Mobile Service Set for Take-Off (Reuters) Reuters - With most technical issues resolved\and giants like Vodafone Plc signing up customers, 2005 could\be the year when third-generation (3G) mobile services finally\gain a global audience.
Novell Posts Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Novell Inc.  on Thursday posted\a quarterly net profit, compared with a year-earlier loss, on\stronger sales of Linux operating software and a boost to\earnings from a weaker dollar.
Sybari offers security for IM, SharePoint (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sybari Software today added Antigen 8.0 for Microsoft SharePoint and Antigen 8.0 for Instant Messaging, two antivirus, antispam, and content-filtering security software products for enterprise environments.
Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Oracle Corp.'s  #36;24-a-share hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. heated up anew yesterday as tonight's deadline for stockholders to offer their shares for sale approached.
Disney Toys with Jobs' Baby (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - The head of Steve Jobs probably did a 360 -- a la Regan in The Exorcist -- when he heard the news, reported in a recent issue of Hollywood Reporter, that Disney (NYSE: DIS - News) will make Toy Story 3.
China, 15 Other Countries Consider NASA Exploration (Reuters) Reuters - China and 15 other countries joined
San Francisco Mulls Ban of Beloved Zoo Elephants (Reuters) Reuters - San Francisco officials pondered\on Thursday whether to stop keeping elephants in the city's zoo\as activists pushed for a ban amid concerns about their\conditions in captivity.
As Ice Thaws, Arctic Peoples at Loss for Words (Reuters) Reuters - What are the words used by indigenous\peoples in the Arctic for "hornet," "robin," "elk," "barn owl"\or "salmon?"
UN Short-Circuits U.S.-Led Drive to Ban Cloning (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. efforts to secure a global\treaty banning the cloning of human embryos, including for stem\cell research, were dealt a major setback on Thursday when U.N.\diplomats agreed to work for a political declaration on the\issue instead.
Electronic Eye Devised to Help Blind Cross Roads (Reuters) Reuters - An "electronic eye" that can be fitted\to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more\safely, scientists said on Friday.
Ground 'Moves' as Cane Toads Invade Australia Park (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of thousands of poisonous baby\cane toads invaded an Australian national park on Friday,\hopping around in such numbers that the ground seemed to move,\an ecologist said.
Ancient Animal Could Be Human-Ape Ancestor (AP) AP - A nearly 13 million-year-old ape discovered in Spain is the last probable common ancestor to all living humans and great apes, a research team says in Friday's issue of Science magazine.
U.N. Abandons Idea of Anti-Cloning Treaty (AP) AP - In a victory for advocates of stem cell research, U.N. diplomats on Thursday gave up trying to craft a treaty to outlaw human cloning, and will probably settle for a less powerful document that won't seek a worldwide ban, officials said.
Scientists in 17 Nations to Study Fish (AP) AP - Scientists in 17 countries will scout waterways to locate and study the world's largest freshwater fish species, many of which are declining in numbers, hoping to learn how to better protect them, researchers announced Thursday.
Study: Learning to Run Propelled Evolution (AP) AP - New research suggests that developing the ability to run  #151; long thought to be a byproduct of walking for early man  #151; was actually an instrumental step in the evolution of people from ape-like creatures into what we know today as humans.
N.Korea Says Kim Portrait Reports a 'U.S. Plot' (Reuters) Reuters - Reports that portraits of North Korean\leader Kim Jong-il had been removed were a U.S. plot to\overthrow the government and a "groundless fabrication," Xinhua\news agency quoted a North Korean official on Friday as saying.
Prosecutor Feared Dead in Venezuela Blast (AP) AP - A bomb exploded early Friday in a pickup truck owned by a prosecutor who is pressing charges against supporters of the failed 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez, and a charred body inside appears to be that of the prosecutor, the government said.
N.Korea Says Kim Portrait Reports a 'U.S. Plot'  BEIJING (Reuters) - Reports that portraits of North Korean  leader Kim Jong-il had been removed were a U.S. plot to  overthrow the government and a "groundless fabrication," Xinhua  news agency quoted a North Korean official on Friday as saying.
Suicide Bombers Kill 14 in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A double suicide car bomb attack  devastated a police station just outside Baghdad's fortified  Green Zone on Saturday, killing seven people and wounding 57 in  the latest strike against Iraq's beleaguered security forces.
Johnson boss to fill big shoes at Nike William Perez, president and chief executive officer of Racine-based SC Johnson  amp; Son Inc., is taking the reins of Nike Inc., the world #39;s dominant marketer of athletic shoes.
Boeing ex-officer pleads guilty in Air Force hiring case: World News: Washington, Nov 17 : A Former Boeing Chief Financial Officer (CFO) has pleaded guilty to illegally negotiating an executive job for an Air Force #39;s acquistion official while she still had authority over billions of dollars in Boeing contract 
Knicks Nudge Rockets 93-92 at Buzzer (AP) AP - Jamal Crawford banked in a 3-pointer at the buzzer to send the New York Knicks to their first road win of the season, 93-92 over the reeling Houston Rockets on Thursday night.
NBA Wrap: Duncan Notches Season-High as Spurs Win (Reuters) Reuters - Tim Duncan poured in a season-high 34\points and grabbed 13 rebounds as the San Antonio Spurs won\their fifth straight game, 88-80 over the 76ers in Philadelphia\Thursday.
Legal challenge to ban on hunting The Countryside Alliance prepares a legal challenge to the Parliament Act - used to force the hunt ban into law.
Veteran Mel Karmazin To Head Sirius Radio The hard-charging broadcasting executive, formerly of Viacom Inc., is taking the command post at Sirius and reuniting with longtime ally Howard Stern. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Tensions Rise as Friday Bid Deadline Nears Amid a new war of words, Calpers tendered 1.5 million shares Thursday in support of Oracle Corp.'s \$24-a-share hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
PRA Raises \$68.4 Million In Its IPO PRA International Inc., a McLean company that manages clinical trials for drug companies, plans to use some of the funds to hire staff as it expands its worldwide operations. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Rancor deepens over PeopleSoft deal A majority of PeopleSoft (PSFT) shareholders are expected to support Oracle #39;s (ORCL) takeover bid when they tender shares Friday night.
Pentagon Updates Rules On Post-Government Work The Pentagon has added new procedures to ensure that senior officials seeking employment in industry abide by the rules governing post-government work.
For Fallujah Family, a Daring Escape After hiding for days, 10 relatives flee U.S. assault across Euphrates River.
Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese frenzy may spur owner meltdown I have come like a pilgrim to this modest Fort Lauderdale neighborhood, nestled conveniently between the flight path of a major airport and an Indian gaming casino, to witness a miracle - in marketing, if nothing else.
Sun plans patent protection for open-source Solaris SAN JOSE, Calif.--When Sun Microsystems releases Solaris as open-source software, it plans to provide legal protection from patent-infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the operating system--one of several ways Sun hopes to make Solaris more 
Top-seeded Roger Federer beats Carlos Moya to remain undefeated Top-seeded Roger Federer of Switzerland overcame a second-set lapse and defeated Carlos Moya of Spain 6-3, 3-6, 6-3 Thursday night to remain undefeated in the ATP Masters Cup Championships.
Knicks Nudge Rockets 93-92 at Buzzer New York Knicks #39; Jamal Crawford (11) goes up to shoot the game-winning three-point shot as Houston Rockets #39; Jim Jackson (21) defends during the fourth quarter Thursday, Nov. 18, 2004 in Houston.
Webb won #39;t let game become all-consuming WEST PALM BEACH - She didn #39;t mean it in the literal sense, but the words nonetheless were startling even under camouflage of a dismissive laugh.
FedEx, New York Life Press Bush on Trade as China #39;s Power Grows US companies such as FedEx Corp. and New York Life Insurance Co. are pleading with President George W. Bush to start discussions on a Pacific Rim free-trade bloc as he heads to this weekend #39;s regional economic summit.
Fed Likely To Say No To Riggs  Payments The Federal Reserve probably will not approve a \$10 million payment due later this year on Riggs's trust-preferred securities as the agency is cautious about preserving Riggs's cash, sources say.
Upside of a Down Dollar U.S. manufacturers benefit greatly from a cheaper dollar, one major reason why the Bush administration has taken a relaxed attitude toward the slide in the U.S. currency.
WTO Blesses American 'Champagne' GENEVA, Nov. 18 -- The United States and Australia prevailed in an interim ruling by the World Trade Organization in a dispute over protection given by the European Union to its regional goods such as Champagne wine and Feta cheese, trade officials said Thursday.
Report: Florida data suggests e-voting problems An analysis by four university researchers contends a link between electronic voting machines and a pro-Bush skew in Florida.
Oracle moves to quarterly patch release schedule Oracle today announced that it is moving to a quarterly patch release schedule, even as the company faces criticism from analyst firm Gartner Inc. for its handling of a recent critical security fix.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Google Launches Search for Scholars - Adwords to Ban Affiliates? - MSN's 'Near Me' Search Button - The Difference In Traffic for #1 and #10? - Robots.txt   Security Issues - One year anniversary of the 'Florida' Update - What is the Future of the 'Niche Directory'
System gremlins resolved at HSBC Computer glitches which led to chaos for HSBC customers on Monday are fixed, the High Street bank confirms.
Directors also delay decision on first-quarter dividend SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Marsh  amp; McLennan said late Thursday that five directors, who are also executives at the insurance broker, have stepped down from the board.
Blog reading explodes in America About 32 million people in the US read a blog in 2004 but less than half of Americans know what a blog is, says a survey.
MSN Extends Overture Paid-Search Deal Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN division has extended its sponsored-links contract with Overture Services Inc. for another year. ADVERTISEMENT.
IBM Says It Swamps Rivals in Key UNIX Computer Test IBM (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday its workhorse commercial computers have smashed the industry #39;s most demanding tests, which analysts said creates 
Radio Takes The Big Leap Forward (CBS) Finally I have a TiVo for my radio. Well, not quite but it #39;s close enough. Just as TiVo does for TV, RadioShark from Griffin Technology (griffintechnology.
Greek duo face criminal charges Greek sprint stars Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are charged for skipping drug test prior to the Athens Games. They are also charged for faking a motorcycle accident, China Radio International reported Friday.
Spurs past Sixers 88-80 The San Antonio Spurs snatched their fifth straight victory in an away game against the Philadelphia 76ers. Tim Duncan led the Spurs with a season-high 34 points and 13 rebounds, China Radio International reported Friday.
No. 24 Memphis 81, Saint Mary #39;s 66  quot;Coach called me over the summer and asked me if I was working hard, quot; Carney said.  quot;I guess I showed him what I did all through the summer tonight.
Favre #39;s mother falls ill while on book promotion tour Bonita Favre was taken to the emergency room after waking up with  quot;a horrible stomach bug, quot; said Zo Je Feigenbaum, the publicist for the book entitled  quot;FAVRE.
Ivory Coast Rebel Chief Brands Gbagbo War Criminal Ivory Coast #39;s rebel chief said on Thursday he wanted President Laurent Gbagbo charged with war crimes as the West African country #39;s leader called on thousands of foreigners who fled mob violence to return.
NBA Wrap: Duncan Notches Season-High as Spurs Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tim Duncan poured in a season-high 34  points and grabbed 13 rebounds as the San Antonio Spurs won  their fifth straight game, 88-80 over the 76ers in Philadelphia  Thursday.
Virginia Tech Blasts Maryland, 55-6  BLACKSBURG, Va. (Sports Network) - Mike Imoh ran for two  first-quarter touchdowns and 15th-ranked Virginia Tech routed  Maryland 55-6 at Lane Stadium.
At least five drugs deserve a safety review, official tells Senate &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Consumers looking for alternatives to Vioxx have other painkillers to choose from, ranging from similar prescription drugs such as Celebrex to that old medicine-chest standby, aspirin.
Microsoft Extends Overture Deal to 2006 Microsoft and Yahoo agreed to a one-year extension of MSN #39;s deal to show Overture Services #39; paid listings on its Web sites.
Blowout crushes Terps #39; bowl bid Maryland #39;s long-shot hopes for a bowl bid and winning season ended with the worst loss in coach Ralph Friedgen #39;s four seasons.
Sorenstam takes early lead Swedish star Annika Sorenstam shot a six-under-par 66 in Thursday #39;s first round at the season-ending \$1-million ADT Championship.
KYOTO PROTOCOL GETS GREEN LIGHT The Kyoto Protocol has finally been given the green light and will become a binding treaty on February the 16th. The finalisation of the United Nations #39; environmental accord, which is designed to combat global 
Prosecution demands death for SA  #39;mercenary #39; MALABO - The prosecution demanded death sentences and jail terms exceeding a century in a trial of alleged putschists accused of plotting against Equatorial Guinean President Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
Lessons From The Vioxx Fiasco What a mess. Weeks after Merck  amp; Co. (MRK ) yanked its blockbuster painkiller Vioxx off the market, the furor is still raging.
Disney quarterly profit up 24, beating expectations LOS ANGELES - Walt Disney (DIS) quarterly profit rose 24 as cable TV results and a tax benefit more than offset a drought at its movie studio.
Index points to steadily slowing economy The economy could be headed for slower growth in the next several months, according to a report released Thursday by a private research group.
Deal with ULR targets MetLife, Prudential, Unum, Cigna SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi sued four leading group benefits insurers and broker Universal Life Resources, for allegedly taking part in secret kickback schemes that raised the cost of coverage for millions of 
Gates loaded ... with e-mail spam If you don #39;t think anybody else could possibly get any more spam than you, think of Bill Gates. The Microsoft Corp. chairman receives about 4 million pieces of e-mail per day, most of it junk, says Steve Ballmer, the company #39;s chief executive.
Will Solaris 10 Make Sun Shine Again? When Sun Microsystems Inc. (SUNW ) Chairman and CEO Scott G. McNealy took the stage at a shindig in San Jose #39;s Tech Museum of Innovation on Nov. 15, he unveiled the most important product to come out of his company in nearly a decade.
Nintendo bets on new hand-held machine Video game pioneer Nintendo Co. is no stranger to success, boasting a string of classics ranging from  quot;Donkey Kong quot; and  quot;Super Mario Bros.
Spurrier to take over Gamecocks COLUMBIA, SC -- Lou Holtz told his South Carolina staff and players Thursday that he is retiring after this season, clearing the way for Steve Spurrier to take over as the Gamecocks #39; head coach and complete the handoff between two of college football #39;s 
Memphis gets a battle from Gaels New York -- Midway through the second half Thursday night against St. Mary #39;s, John Calipari, the coach of 24th-ranked Memphis, turned to an assistant and said,  quot;These guys won #39;t go away.
Revved-Up Reality TV Is Aiming To Boost Ratings And Racing BRANDON - When NASCAR announced it would experiment with a new points formula to decide the championship this year, it sounded promising, maybe even bold.
Iran #39;s Nukes: The Crisis Is Far From Over For weeks the rhetoric mounted as diplomats shuttled between Tehran and Vienna, seeking a solution to the impasse over Iran #39;s nuclear program.
MEPs have voted to approve the new European Commission team MEPs have voted to approve the new European Commission team. The result was 449 votes in favour to 149 votes against with 82 abstentions.
French to release Arafat #39;s records French authorities said they will release medical information on the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death to his diplomat nephew today in an effort to quash speculation about a conspiracy to kill the Palestinian leader.
Pakistan credited in Kashmir overture Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s recent moves to restore peace in Kashmir were encouraged by successful elections in the state in 2002 and positive steps by archrival Pakistan, Indian Ambassador to Washington Ronen Sen said yesterday.
E Guinea: death sentences demanded The prosecution in Malabo demanded death sentences and jail terms exceeding a century on Thursday for alleged putschists accused of plotting against President Teodoro Obiang Nguema of Equatorial Guinea.
Samsung Q30 ultra-portable notebook &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Very thin, very light - but totally desirable?
Alarm was sounded seven years ago on dig #39;s leak problems A group of state, federal, and Bechtel/Parsons Brinckerhoff engineers issued a confidential report in 1997 which concluded that miles of Big Dig tunnel walls were waterproofed with products 
Hewitt Rusty but Wins Adelaide Opener (AP) AP - Top-seeded Lleyton Hewitt opened his 2005 singles season with a 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 win over French qualifier Arnaud Clement in a first-round match Tuesday at the Australian men's hardcourt tennis championships.
KIWIS QUICKLY DISMISSED Australia reached 84 for one at tea, after bowling the New Zealanders out for 353 just three balls into the second session, on the second day of the First Test in Brisbane.
U.S. Trade Exec Urges Mercosur Flexibility In extremely blunt terms, the top U.S. trade official said Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay must be more flexible in negotiations aimed at creating a 34-nation free trade agreement spanning the Americas.
Heating fuel supply seen ample; oil futures fall under \$46 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Natural gas futures closed under \$7 for the first time in over seven weeks, with the first decline in US inventories since late March not influential enough to spark concerns over winter heating-fuel supplies.
2d section of Artery tunnel found to have serious flaw Specialists hired by the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority have discovered a second section of the Big Dig #39;s Interstate 93 tunnel with a defect similar to 
Continental seeking \$500 million in cuts Continental Airlines said Thursday it is seeking \$500 million more in cuts in wages and benefit reductions. The company said the move is necessary - on top of more than \$1.1 billion in 
Beijing takes part in a workshop with 30 other countries Long shunned as a player in US-led international space ventures, China has been admitted to talks with NASA about helping to accomplish President Bush #39;s goals for exploring the moon and Mars.
Woods leads by 3 on a soggy course MIYAZAKI, Japan -- Tiger Woods overcame soggy conditions to shoot a 5-under-par 65 for a three-stroke lead Thursday at the Dunlop Phoenix.
Kiwis ruffle Aussie feathers? They may be relatively small and endearing to the rest of the world, but the Kiwis have an amazing ability to irritate Australians.
Crawford #39;s Bank Shot at Buzzer Saves Knicks A team in desperate need of a victory and a new star found them at the last second Thursday night. Jamal Crawford, the Knicks #39; main acquisition last summer, banked in a 26 
A cold blast from the past Packer fans are known for being fanatics, and River Oaks resident Doug Erwin is adding to their lore by recreating the 1967 Ice Bowl.
Before UN, Sudanese pledge peace A Dec. 31 deadline is set for an accord to end the region #39;s 21-year civil war. By EVELYN LEOPOLD. NAIROBI, KENYA - Staking its prestige on Sudan #39;s troubled peace process, the UN Security Council met away from 
Myanmar orders mass release of nearly 4,000 prisoners YANGON : Myanmar #39;s mass release of nearly 4,000 prisoners has sparked faint hopes for political detainees including pro-democracy figures, but one observer it was aimed at easing international criticism over last month #39;s power struggle.
Brown: Ask and you will receive He has always done whatever they've wanted. Troy Brown has run back kickoffs, returned punts, caught passes. He has been the primary receiver, a decoy, a spot rusher. He has been asked to be a team leader, then asked to take a step back and be a team player.
NFL's strong-arm tactics smack of censorship Over the years, there have been many jokes about NFL standing for No Fun League, demanding uniformity and squelching individuality.
Smith probable for Eagles' season opener Injured junior forward Craig Smith appears probable, while the status of suspended senior guard Jermaine Watson remains uncertain for Boston College's basketball season opener against the University of Maine tonight at 7:30 at Conte Forum, according to a school official.
Key games in New England UNH (8-2) vs. MAINE (5-5) When, where: Tomorrow, 1 p.m., at Orono, Maine. TV, radio: None. Last season: UNH won, 47-27. Comments: UNH will be looking for a repeat of last week's 62-24 victory over Towson, which enabled the Wildcats to take over first place in the Atlantic 10 North and earned earn them a No. 5 ranking in Division ...
BC's Lee was a little late getting started College football is big business, but there is still room for players such as Boston College fullback Everett Lee.
Babson seeks repeat Last year, Babson captured the New England Women and Men's Athletic Conference (NEWMAC) tournament championship in dramatic fashion.
This BCS business is getting out of hand Enough of the Bowl Championship Series. Enough of coaches sounding like Oliver Stone scripting his latest movie project.
College games on TV WISCONSIN (9-1) vs. IOWA (8-2) When, where: Tomorrow, 3:30 p.m., at Iowa City. TV: ESPN. Last season: Iowa won, 27-21. Comments: No. 9 Wisconsin is looking to bounce back after losing for the first time this season, 49-14, at Michigan State. DB Jim Leonhard has 19 career interceptions, two shy of the school record. QB John Stocco, who is averaging ...
December date for Yukos sell-off Russia sets a date and price for the auction of embattled Russian oil giant Yukos' main unit, as it seeks payment of a massive tax bill.
US sale boosts Waterford's profit Irish china and glassmaker Waterford Wedgwood announces a half-year profit thanks to the sale of a former US cookware division.
Kettle campaign to ring in With Christmas slightly more than a month away, Salvation Army bell ringers will begin the organization #39;s kettle campaign today at locations across Topeka.
Chanting throng tunes in to Stern #39;s Sirius giveaway Manhattan #39;s Union Square has been the site of anti-war demonstrations over the years, but midday Thursday it became the newest battleground in the satellite radio war.
5  #39;inside #39; directors quit Marsh board Embattled insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. said yesterday that five members of its board of directors -- all of them executives of the company -- are leaving the board.
Bill Gates world #39;s most  quot;spammed quot; person When you get frustrated with an avalanche of spams sent to your email box, spare a thought for Bill Gates. The Microsoft Corp. chairman is the world #39;s most spammed person with 
Music industry sues 20 at Mass. colleges Twenty people at Massachusetts colleges are among 761 being sued by the recording industry in its latest attack on illegal file-swappers.
Canada insistent on goal to slice vehicle emissions OTTAWA - Two top Canadian ministers announced this week that they had resolved to cut global-warming emissions of cars and trucks sold in Canada by 25 percent by the end of the decade.
NFL #39;s strong-arm tactics smack of censorship Over the years, there have been many jokes about NFL standing for No Fun League, demanding uniformity and squelching individuality.
Jamal Crawford hits buzzer-beater as New York beats the Rockets 93 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jamal Crawford had been practising crazy shots over and over again recently, preparing himself for the opportunity to make a game-winning basket.
Carney leads No. 24 Tigers into final Rodney Carney scored a career-high 33 points as No. 24 Memphis ended the surprising tournament run of St. Mary #39;s with an 81-66 victory in the semifinals of the Coaches vs.
UPDATE 3-Australia trail New Zealand by 156 at stumps Australia were 197 for four in their first innings in reply to New Zealand #39;s 353 when play ended on the second day of their first test at the Gabba on Friday.
Sorenstam still not satisfied with her swing She has won seven times, claimed another major and went over the \$2 million mark for the fourth consecutive season. But that doesn #39;t mean she came to the ADT Championship to relax.
IRAN NUKES  #39;CLOSER #39; THAN THOUGHT November 19, 2004 -- WASHINGTON - Some disturbing revelations that Iran is trying to adapt its advanced ballistic missiles to carry nuclear warheads could mean that the fanatical Islamic nation is far closer to becoming a nuclear power than had been 
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Israeli error Israeli troops mistook three Egyptian police officers for Palestinian militants and shot them dead yesterday along the Gaza Strip #39;s border 
Last Australian aid group in Iraq leaves after latest deaths Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. SYDNEY, Australia -- The last remaining Australian aid agency in Iraq announced Friday it is pulling out following 
N.Korea denies Kim Jong Il is losing power North Korea Friday denied reports that pictures of leader Kim Jong-il had been removed from public buildings in Pyongyang and that Kim was losing influence.
Study: Harvard bolsters Boston  Harvard University boosts the local economy by \$3.4 billion a year, and is directly or indirectly responsible for providing the Boston area with more than 48,000 jobs, according to a study commissioned by the university.
Gush of criticism  A fountain that's planned as a centerpiece for a key stretch of the Rose Kennedy Greenway is drawing objections from Boston residents and a design review panel -- just one month before bidding on construction work is supposed to begin.
Red hot Google shares cooling  Google Inc. may be subject to the law of gravity, after all. Its shares, which more than doubled in the two months after the company's Aug. 19 initial public offering and traded as high as \$201.60 on Nov. 3, have slipped about 17 percent over the past two weeks. They closed at \$167.54 yesterday, down 2.88 percent for the day, ...
Prospective WBIX buyer pulls out  Accused embezzler Bradford C. Bleidt checked himself into the psychiatric unit at Massachusetts General Hospital this week, said investigators involved in the case, and they expect him to come forward in the next several days to face the civil charges against him.
Hindu seer sent to police custody A Hindu cleric facing murder charges in southern India is sent to police custody for questioning.
FDA officer warns on 5 drugs, offers harsh critique of agency WASHINGTON -- A veteran Food and Drug Administration safety officer yesterday told a Senate hearing inquiring into the abrupt recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx that five other widely used drugs should be either withdrawn or sharply restricted because they have dangerous side effects.
No. 9 North Carolina 91, No. 8 Kentucky 78 North Carolina finally beat Kentucky again, thanks to Rashad McCants and Sean May. Jawad Williams helped a bunch, too. McCants scored 28 points, May had 14 points and 19 rebounds and Williams tipped in a miss 
An 'electronic eye' for the blind Japanese scientists have built an electronic eye they say could help blind people get around safely.
5 'inside' directors quit Marsh board NEW YORK -- Embattled insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. said yesterday that five members of its board of directors -- all of them executives of the company -- are leaving the board.
Ex-Viacom president gets hired by Sirius NEW YORK -- Mel Karmazin, former president of media conglomerate Viacom Inc. , is joining Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. as chief executive, replacing Joseph Clayton, who is staying on as chairman, the company said yesterday.
Music industry sues 20 at Mass. colleges THE REGION Twenty people at Massachusetts colleges are among 761 being sued by the recording industry in its latest attack on illegal file-swappers. Since last year, the Recording Industry Association of America has filed thousands of lawsuits against individuals for trading music recordings over the Internet without making payments to recording companies. The latest round of suits includes people connected ...
Oracle advances in PeopleSoft takeover fight  REDWOOD CITY, Calif. -- Oracle Corp. moved closer to victory in its \$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc.
Calif. sues 4 major insurers  SAN DIEGO -- Four major insurance companies paid a broker tens of millions of dollars in hidden kickbacks in exchange for winning contracts with some of the largest US companies, California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi charged yesterday.
Blair, Chirac seek common ground  LONDON -- Marking the 100th anniversary of the diplomatic agreement that ended centuries of war and conflict between France and Britain, President Jacques Chirac of France yesterday began a two-day visit with Prime Minister Tony Blair by citing the issues that bind the two countries as well as those that divide them.
Dollar Steadies, More Weakness Expected  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar paused near recent  lows Friday but dealers expected selling to resume after a  weekend meeting of G20 finance ministers, while stock investors  sought cover in companies immune to currency risks.
Palestinians seek monitors for election JERUSALEM -- Palestinian officials appealed yesterday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged Israel's unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip be folded into a stalled international peace plan.
Troops in Fallujah find terror group's command center BAGHDAD -- US troops sweeping through Fallujah yesterday found what appeared to be a command center used by followers of Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, and a US general expressed confidence the battle for the city has  quot;broken the back of the insurgency. quot;
Bin Laden said to be cut off, compromised WASHINGTON -- Pakistan's military has been so effective in pressuring Al Qaeda leaders hiding in the tribal region of western Pakistan that Osama bin Laden and his top deputies no longer are able to direct terrorist operations, a senior American commander said yesterday.
Heroin production surges in Afghanistan  BRUSSELS -- Heroin production is booming in Afghanistan, undermining democracy and putting money in the coffers of terrorists, according to a UN report yesterday that called on US and NATO-led forces to get more involved in fighting traffickers.
Prince's views on education rebuked LONDON -- Prince Charles' tirade against people who aspire to lofty goals beyond their natural talent earned him a rare public rebuke from a senior government minister yesterday -- and gasps of disbelief from the British media.
FDA whistle-blower singles out 5 drugs A Food and Drug Administration official warned Congress yesterday that the FDA would be unable to prevent another episode like the Vioxx case, in which the popular arthritis 
Dollar hits new low against euro The dollar sank to a record low against the euro and a 7-month low against the yen Thursday, pressured by expectations that nothing will be done at an upcoming G20 meeting to arrest its fall.
Salvation Army hopes to avoid blue Christmas On a near balmy day, the red-and-green confetti and Christmas carols seemed out of place, but Salvation Army officials hoped their plea Thursday for \$2.1 million in financial assistance rang true.
30-year mortgage rates show slight decline for week Rates on 30-year and 15-year mortgages dipped this week. Rates on 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages averaged 5.74 percent, mortgage giant Freddie Mac said in its weekly survey released Thursday.
California sets tougher fuel standards Entering an area of pollution regulation that had been solely the federal government #39;s job, California regulators Thursday set fuel standards for watercraft and locomotives 
ELI EASES INTO ROLE AS SAVIOR November 19, 2004 -- ELI MANNING is The Prince summoned to make the Giants kings of the NFL again, and New York hasn #39;t hyperventilated over a quarterback like this since Joe Namath rode into town on his white horse and white shoes 40 years ago.
Karzai: Don #39;t Spray Our Poppies A UN survey released this week showed Afghanistan this year supplied 87 percent of the world #39;s opium - the raw material for heroin - following record-high cultivation that has skyrocketed since the fall of the Taliban in 2001.
Kyoto treaty to come into effect on February 16, 2005 The United Nations started the countdown yesterday: in 89 days time the 128 states who are members of the Kyoto Protocol will be under a legal obligation.
Quiet first half hits EMI profits Music giant EMI sees profits fall in the first half of the year after opting to delay its major releases.
Report: Yukos unit to be auctioned The Russian government plans to sell a majority stake in the main production unit of the embattled Yukos oil company at an auction scheduled for December 19, the Interfax news agency reported Friday.
IRS increases audits, wants more enforcement Audits and lawsuits by the Internal Revenue Service raked in a record \$43.1 billion in taxes last year -- about four times the agency #39;s budget -- as the IRS audited more wealthy individuals 
Rayovac to Buy United Industries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Battery maker Rayovac Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ROV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ROV.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said it would buy United Industries Corp., a maker of  lawn and garden products, for about \$476 million in cash and  stock in a bid to diversify its product mix.
Recording Companies Sue 761 More Computer Users LOS ANGELES -- The recording industry filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users in the latest round of litigation in the record companies #39; effort to stamp out unauthorized trading of music online.
Long-awaited Halo 2 for Xbox runs rings around the competition They say the best things come to those who wait.  quot;Halo 2 quot; lives up to the billing, but it sure took long enough. The release date was changed, and changed some more, but Bungie met the expectations.
FIFA act on race hate row FIFA today launched an inquiry into the disgraceful scenes of racist chanting which marred last night #39;s clash between England and Spain in Madrid.
Two Japanese Men Sentenced for Data Theft (AP) AP - Two men were given suspended jail sentences Friday for stealing personal data on subscribers to Japanese broadband services provider Softbank Corp. in an effort to extort money from the company.
Westwood grabs lead in Nedbank Golf Challenge SUN CITY, South Africa (AFP) - Lee Westwood recovered from three bogeys in the first four holes to post a one-under-par 71 and take the lead after the third round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
Bush to Take Security Agenda to APEC Meet (AP) AP - President Bush, meeting with Asian-Pacific leaders, is seeking more international backing to both persuade North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions and to take concrete steps to cripple terrorist networks around the world.
Home Ownership Tops Bush Housing Agenda (AP) AP - Boosting homeownership tops President Bush's housing agenda, but the biggest battle facing his administration during the second term is how to overhaul a program that helps 2 million poor families pay their rent.
Boxer Becomes Third Biggest Vote Getter (AP) AP - Little noticed in this month's election was that the nation's third biggest vote getter, behind only President Bush and John Kerry, was Sen. Barbara Boxer, a fiery California Democrat who proudly wears her liberalism on her sleeve.
Santorum Keeps Low Profile With Specter (AP) AP - Ordinarily, Sen. Rick Santorum might figure to be Sen. Arlen Specter's most public of allies in a fierce and ultimately successful battle for the chairmanship of the Senate Judiciary Committee, one Pennsylvania Republican aiding another in a classic Capitol power struggle.
Prince of Persia: Warri Ubisoft today announced that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within has been shipped to stores nationwide for the Playstation 2, Xbox, GameCube, and PC.
Sudan Govt., South Rebels Pledge Peace by Dec. 31  NAIROBI, Kenya (Reuters) - The Sudanese government and its  southern rebel opponents signed a pledge Friday to complete an  agreement to end a 21-year-old civil war by December 31.
Venezuela Govt. Believes Car Blast Kills Prosecutor  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Two blasts destroyed a car  in a Caracas suburb on Thursday and killed its driver, who  Venezuelan authorities believed was a key state prosecutor  leading a probe into opponents of President Hugo Chavez.
The naked truth about pro sports, television The term throwing in the towel takes on new meaning this week, thanks again to televisions continuing creative contribution to sport.
Dollar Steadies, More Weakness Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. dollar paused near recent\lows Friday but dealers expected selling to resume after a\weekend meeting of G20 finance ministers, while stock investors\sought cover in companies immune to currency risks.
Weak exports, consumption take toll on South Korea's economy (AFP) AFP - South Korea's economy achieved lower-than-expected growth in the three months to September as domestic demand failed to pick up the slack from weakening exports.
Yukos Main Subsidiary to Be Sold on December 19 The Russian Federal Property Fund announced on Friday, November 19, that the auction to sell the shares of Yuganskneftegaz, the main production subsidiary of embattled Yukos Oil Company will take place on December 19.
Dollar Holds on to Gain From Record Low; G-20 May Voice Concern The dollar in London held yesterday #39;s gain from a record low on speculation the Group of 20 largest economies will this weekend voice concern at the currency #39;s drop.
Kmart-Sears merger about price, quality Average customers know the same thing that ministers of high finance understand: It #39;s all about the price. Shoppers Thursday at the Billings Sears store were eager to find out what a proposed 
Radio veteran Karmazin joins Sirius Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. named former Viacom Inc. president Mel Karmazin chief executive Thursday, a month after signing talk-show host Howard Stern to lure listeners.
COMUNICADO DE ROCHE Roche, OSI Pharmaceuticals and Genentech announced today that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved, after priority review, Tarceva(TM) (erlotinib) for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung 
Universal Life Resources sued by Calif. California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi filed a lawsuit Thursday against brokerage Universal Life Resources and a number of major insurance companies as part of an effort  quot;to break up a national industry-wide pattern of kickbacks and hidden fees 
Ancient ape #39;s bones unearthed in Spain Spanish researchers say they have found the remains of an extinct species of great ape that may have been the last ancestor humans shared with gorillas, chimpanzees and orangutans.
Mac Expo: Andy Ihnatko, live and loud Macworld columnist and author, Andy Ihnatko, will speak at the opening of the London Apple Store on Regent Street on November 22. Ihnatko will speak at 7.00pm at Apple #39;s new flagship London store.
Sorenstam #39;s lead follows birdies Annika Sorenstam birdied four of the last five holes Thursday, twice with a 7-iron into greens surrounded by trouble, giving her a 6-under-par 66 and a one-shot lead after the first round 
Hokies crush Terps, maintain ACC lead BLACKSBURG, Va.  Virginia Tech scored 24 points off four first-half turnovers and coasted to a 55-6 wipeout of Maryland on Thursday.
Cricket: Ton of class from Oram as NZ keep hopes alive Century-maker Jacob Oram respected, frustrated and then bludgeoned an all-conquering bowling attack before his own  quot;popgun quot; bowling sent tremors through Australia #39;s top order in the first cricket test today.
Knicks notebook: Wilkens is still having doubts about Thomas Lenny Wilkens gave a hint of his plans for puzzling forward Tim Thomas before the game, when he talked about how he had tried to get the 6-10 forward going, but he added,  quot;You know, I can only wait so long with him.
WSU notebook: Coach Doba worried about UW trick plays PULLMAN - The fact that Washington coaches have nothing to lose worries Cougars coach Bill Doba, who has his team on alert for trick plays.
Sudanese government and rebels agree to end southern conflict by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudanese government and rebel officials signed an agreement Friday promising to end the 21-year civil war in Sudan by the end of the year in front of the UN Security Council holding a special meeting in Africa.
UKIP #39;s attacks embarrass newly elected Barroso Commission Approved by two thirds of the MEPs, the Barroso II Commission is due to take office on 22 November. Eurosceptic MEP Nigel Farage took the shine off the subsequent celebrations by attacking French Transport 
Myanmar frees 4,000 wrongly imprisoned from jail Our gratitude goes to you for the interest and enthusiasm you have shown in visiting the AsiaNews.it website. AsiaNews is also a monthly magazine (only in Italian).
Chappelle DVD Set for June Release Via Sony (Reuters) Reuters - The reigning king of the\television DVD is ready to re-enter the market.
Militants Try to Stir Arab-Kurd Violence (AP) AP - Insurgents battling U.S. and Iraqi forces in the northern city of Mosul have been trying to drag the Kurdish minority into their fight and set off a sectarian war, Kurdish and Arab officials say.
Manufacturer Gets Help Managing Product Information (TechWeb) TechWeb - Brady Corp. turns to product-information-management software from FullTilt Solutions so it can more easily handle information on thousands of products. The software also helps Brady manage its online catalog.
Greek sprinters charged Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou and their coach were charged yesterday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later.
This week's picks Canterbury over Kent -- You can't pick against a school that taught JFK how to play flag football.
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY AUTO RACING 1:30 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Ford 400 qualifying at Homestead, Fla., Speed Channel 3 p.m. -- NASCAR Craftsman Trucks Ford 200 at Homestead, Fla., Speed Channel COLLEGE BASKETBALL/MEN 5 p.m. -- Marist Classic at Poughkeepsie, N.Y.: Northeastern vs. Birmingham Southern, WRBB-FM (104.9) 7 p.m. -- Coaches vs. Cancer Classic third-place game at New York, ESPN2 7:30 ...
Preps step into spotlight Catching Brian Morrissey is akin to catching a BB with your teeth: It's virtually impossible. But that's the task Brunswick faces tomorrow in a showdown with Governor Dummer for the NEPSAC Congleton-Stokinger title.
But seriously folks By now, it's clear that the parity in the NFL this season doesn't mean there are a lot of good teams, but rather a lot of bad ones. More teams have losing records, in fact, than winning ones. There are 14 teams at either 4-5 or 3-6, all of whom will tell you they are still in the playoff hunt.
From the frying pan to the kitchen After further review, the ABC promotion for last week's Eagles-Cowboys  quot;Monday Night Football quot; was over the top.
Belichick's appraisal? Praise Bill Belichick yesterday was so effusive in his praise of the Chiefs, who will oppose his Patriots Monday night, that a passerby at his morning news conference might have believed the Kansas City record to be 30-6 instead of 3-6.
Now, Owens a little skittish While Terrell Owens would never say he's sorry for his flashy touchdown celebrations, he did apologize yesterday to anyone offended by his role in a steamy segment with actress Nicollette Sheridan for the intro to  quot;Monday Night Football. quot;
Stoneham takes next step Despite being the Globe's top-ranked boys' soccer team the entire season, Stoneham has had one goal: winning an elusive outright state championship.
Providence writes off Penn Dwight Brewington went 5 for 5 from 3-point range and scored a career-high 21 points last night, leading host Providence to an 89-52 win over Pennsylvania in the second round of the Preseason NIT.
Win assures B-R spot in the playoffs During pregame warmups for yesterday's matchup with Taunton to decide the Old Colony League title, Bridgewater-Raynham senior Tony Murdoch sprinted to the corner of the end zone and pulled down a pass with a teammate draped on his back.
Case closes out Melrose in five Up two games to none and holding a 15-11 lead over Melrose in Game 3, Case seemed assured of making another trip to the Division 2 state volleyball finals.
How to make a gigapixel picture A Dutch team has created the world's biggest digital picture, assembled from 600 individual snaps.
Radio Free Europe Woos Russian Listeners (AP) AP - Ronald Reagan used it to reach out to the Soviets during the Cold War. Lech Walesa, the leader of Poland's Solidarity movement, likened it to the sun lighting the Earth. Rock band R.E.M. immortalized it in a cynical hit song.
IBM Says It Swamps Rivals in Key UNIX Computer Test  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday its  workhorse commercial computers have smashed the industry's most  demanding tests, which analysts said creates a performance gap  that could put further pressure on Hewlett-Packard &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; or  Sun Microsystems &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SUNW.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; to recalibrate their strategies.
After False Starts, 3G Mobile Service Set for Take-Off  HONG KONG (Reuters) - With most technical issues resolved  and giants like Vodafone Plc signing up customers, 2005 could  be the year when third-generation (3G) mobile services finally  gain a global audience.
Intel Says Shifting Focus of Itanium to Higher-End  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - An effort by Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;  to sell its Itanium 2 chip into high-volume, lower-end computer  servers has not worked, the president of the world's largest  chip maker said in an interview published on Thursday.
Electronic Eye Devised to Help Blind Cross Roads  LONDON (Reuters) - An "electronic eye" that can be fitted  to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more  safely, scientists said on Friday.
Russia pays \$63m in debts to IMF RBC, 19.11.2004, Moscow 10:54:13.The Russian Finance Ministry has paid \$63.2m in debts to the International Monetary Fund today, the Finance Ministry reported to RBC.
Anticipated  #39;Halo 2 #39; Leaves Gamers Panting  quot;Halo 2 quot; continues the story of Master Chief, a genetically enhanced soldier who is the only human ever to successfully defy the Covenant-a coalition of alien races on a murderous march toward Earth.
Spain in another racist football row London - British ministers have condemned the  quot;disgraceful quot; racial abuse of England #39;s black players during Wednesday #39;s international friendly against Spain in Madrid and demanded that soccer authorities take action.
ROY LANG III: America thanks you, Paul Casey The bad blood returns! And it may be exactly what the United States needed to turn the tide in the Ryder Cup. Thanks to Englishman -- by birth, really -- Paul Casey, the hugs and kisses the Americans and Europeans 
Knicks beat Rockets 93-92 Rockets with buzzer 3-pointer Jamal Crawford of the New York Knicks hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to hand the Houston Rockets their sixth loss this season at 93-92 on November 18.
Chase for Cup coming to wild finish Jimmie Johnson went from top contender to also-ran to unbeatable, and now he has all the momentum heading into the last race of the Nextel Cup season.
Ukraine Election Commission Pores Over Last Results  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukraine's central election  commission meets Tuesday to sign off on the final paperwork  from last month's presidential election, which could see winner  Viktor Yushchenko's victory formally declared at last.
Powell accuses Iranians of developing nuclear weapons AMERICA accused Iran yesterday of trying to adapt its latest ballistic missile to carry nuclear warheads capable of hitting targets as far away as Israel and Cyprus.
Arafat #39;s death may bring peace to Mid East The devil dancing in the Middle East is dead. After Arafat used his life to deny Palestinians a national state, Palestinians will now have the chance to use Arafat #39;s death to usher in a new era of compromise.
Mac Skeptic: Apple's ISight, a Webcam and More Software developers have made the ISight good for much more than just video chat.
Discount Desktops: How Low Can You Go? Here's what you need to know to get the most desktop for your dollar at any price.
Photos from MacExpo 2004 With over 100 exhibitors  #151; including Apple, Adobe, Bose, Epson, HP, Microsoft, Quark and Sony  #151; and more than 20,000 visitors expected during the three-day event  #151; this year #146;s London MacExpo is shaping up as the biggest and best ever staged. Nov 18
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Tell-Tale Icons Learn how to tell whether you #146;ve turned on Snap to Grid or Keep Arranged by Name for a particular window. It #146;s the latest Mac OS X killer tip at the Apple Pro/ site. Nov 10
FCC Crackdown Could Spread With more conservatives in power, the Federal Communications Commission may become more forceful about indecency fines. The agency may even try to expand its jurisdiction into cable TV, satellite radio and the internet. By Randy Dotinga.
Wheels of Progress Turn Slowly Despite burgeoning demand for hybrids, carmakers remain conservative about manufacturing them. So, if you want one, be prepared to wait. By John Gartner.
Web Media Buyouts Coming? Kinda MarketWatch is sold for \$500 million and Slate is next. Will there be a spate of other sites on the block? Probably, but the most fevered M   #038;A activity will be among blogs. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Jak of All Trades, Master of Fun The latest installment in this PlayStation 2 action series tries to be all games to all players. To its credit, Jak 3 largely succeeds. By Chris Kohler.
Advertisers Muscle Into RSS There's no escaping advertising. Show even a modicum of success, and marketers start looking for a way in. Really Simple Syndication feeds are the latest target. By Daniel Terdiman.
Stem Cells Feed Brain Tumors Researchers discover stem cells that initiate and maintain the growth of brain cancer tumors. The study could lead to new treatments for many types of cancer. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Wisconsin to Invest in Stem Cells California's not the only state willing to throw money at the controversial research. Wisconsin's governor plans to spend \$750 million building two research centers and supporting scientists studying cardiovascular illnesses and other diseases.
Fossils Found in Spain Seen as Last Link to Great Apes Fossils of an ape species from about 13 million years ago may have been the last common ancestor of great apes, including humans.
Running Extra Mile Sets Humans Apart in Primates' World The ability of early human ancestors to run long distances may have influenced the transition to today's body form, researchers report.
Harris, Miami Upend No. 19 Florida 72-65 (AP) AP - Anthony Harris scored 18 of his career-high 23 points in the second half to help Miami upset No. 19 Florida 72-65 Saturday and give first-year coach Frank Haith his biggest victory.
Evidence Hints at Earlier Humans in Americas Archaeologists in South Carolina announced radiocarbon dates suggesting that people made tools near the Savannah River about 50,000 years ago.
Joseph Weiss, 80, Originator of Theory on Facing Trauma, Dies Dr. Joseph Weiss was a psychoanalyst and researcher who helped develop an influential theory involving ways that patients confront psychological trauma.
Aishwarya Rai to star in Hollywood blockbuster "Taj Mahal" (AFP) AFP - Bollywood's Aishwarya Rai is set to star in a Hollywood blockbuster called "Taj Mahal", the famous monument to love built by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan.
Bridging the Gadget Gift Gap The generational divide becomes apparent as families start to think about gift-giving holidays. Advice for shoppers of all ages.
Stocks overcome some gloomy news Stocks rose modestly yesterday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from Google and Applied Materials.
EMI sales slip on weak release schedule EMI has blamed a weak release schedule for a failure to exploit an improvement in the music sector, with sales falling by more than four times the industry average.
IRS on search for Nebraska residents Actually, Haskins isn #39;t alone. The Internal Revenue Service says it is looking for 329 Nebraskans who have more than \$174,000 in unclaimed federal tax refunds coming their way.
Tim Duncan Leads Spurs Past 76ers 88-80 (AP) AP - The Philadelphia 76ers got a firsthand demonstration of why Tim Duncan might be the toughest player in the NBA to defend. Duncan scored a season-high 34 points and grabbed 13 rebounds to lead the Spurs to their fifth straight victory, 88-80 over the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday night.
Sorenstam Leads ADT Championship by One (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam has nothing left to prove this year. She has won seven times, claimed another major and went over the  #36;2 million mark for the fourth consecutive season. But that doesn't mean she came to the ADT Championship to relax.
Gates and Ballmer the most spammed in the world THE KING of Microsoft his Excellency Williams Gates and his silent voodoo doll Steve Ballmer are claiming to be the world #39;s most spammed men.
MIKE #39;S MAILBAG I #39;ve received lots of e-mail from readers who disagreed with my dissing of the combination laptop and Tablet PC I reviewed Tuesday (catch up online at www.
Alexander Credits Line for His Success (AP) AP - Shaun Alexander has always had a knack for getting into the end zone. Lately, Seattle's offensive line has been making it easy for the Seahawks running back to find the open lanes and open field, too.
Henman can #39;t wait for Safin Tim Henman is relishing his Masters Cup eliminator against Russian Marat Safin in Houston tonight. The British No1, who lost to Andy Roddick in his opening match at the \$4.45million end-of-season tournament 
No. 5 Syracuse 71, No. 12 Mississippi St. 58 Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim is known for his cutting wit, and even his star players can wind up on the receiving end. Preseason All-America Hakim Warrick scored 17 of his 21 points in the second half to lead 
AUTO RACING: I hope to help Busch Roush Racing driver Matt Kenseth, the defending NASCAR champion, will race Sunday in the Ford 400 at Homestead, Fla., the final event in the Nextel Cup series.
Martyn back on an even keel Damien Martyn steadied the ship for Australia with an undefeated half-century after they lost three quick wickets in the post-tea session on the second day of the First Test in Brisbane.
Motorola to Build Cell Phones Into Ski Jackets (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc.  said it will\unveil plans this week for a line of outerwear that uses\interactive cell phone and portable music technology in\snowboarding jackets, in a bid to win over twentysomethings.
Myanmar frees some political prisoners Myanmar #39;s military government has begun to release nearly 4,000 prisoners, including some political detainees, arrested  quot;inappropriately quot; by the dissolved National Intelligence Bureau led by purged prime minister Khin Nyunt.
Update 9: Russia Advances Plans to Break Up Yukos Russia moved ahead Friday with plans to break up the country #39;s largest oil producer, announcing it would auction off a majority stake in the main production unit of oil giant OAO Yukos next month.
Eisner admitted lying on Kings show about Ovitz Yesterday Walt Disney CEO Michael Eisner was speaking about his interview with Larry King in September 1996, during which he denied any tensions in Disney boardroom giving praises to Disneys President Michael Ovitz, while in fact persuading other 
Oracle to Issue Tender Results Saturday Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said it would report preliminary results of its \$8.8 billion hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft (PSFT.
EMI sees profits fall but upbeat on outlook LONDON : British music group EMI reported a fall in interim profits as sales dropped by 11.4 percent, reflecting a release schedule skewed towards the second half and the strength of sterling.
Cancer Drug Tarceva Approved NEW YORK - Last night, the US Food and Drug Administration approved Tarceva, a pill that extends survival in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer patients for whom chemotherapy has failed.
Profits Are Up 24 at Disney and So, It Says, Is Teamwork Buoyed by the strong performance of ESPN and its other cable channels, the Walt Disney Company said yesterday that its profit rose 24 percent in its fiscal fourth quarter.
Intel looks to log result boost in 2005 INTEL, the worlds largest company making computer microchips, said it expected a much better performance in the first half of next year.
For the Salvation Army, there #39;s little holiday cheer at this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Target #39;s decision to ban Salvation Army bell ringers from its 1,313 locations nationwide has hit Allentown this holiday season.
Sharper Image says campaign hurt 3Q Sharper Image Corp., a retailer of personal and home electronics, posted a third-quarter loss Thursday, saying same-store sales slipped and that the presidential election campaign hurt business.
Trade Negotiators Get Technical at WTO Negotiators gathered Friday at the World Trade Organization for formal farm talks, capping a weeklong series of informal discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
Ballmer #39;s Asian IP warning set to backfire When Steve Ballmer wants to make a stir he makes sure that he makes a big one. At the same venue where he spoke of Bill Gates receiving 4 million emails a day he also chose the meeting of Asian Government 
Fossil of last great ape ancestor found Paleontologiosts from the Miguel Crusafont Institute of Paleontology and the Diputacisn de Barcelona in Barcelona, Spain have found a fossil of a new ape species called Pierolapithecus catalaunicus, or its close relative that might have been the last 
Recording Companies Sue ISU Students The industry filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users in the latest round of litigation in the record companies #39; effort to stamp out unauthorized trading of music online.
MSN Re-Ups With Overture Through June 2006 MSN Thursday extended for one year its partnership with sponsored-search listings provider Overture Services, a Yahoo! subsidiary.
Apple begins European adventure As Apple puts the finishing touches to its new London store for Saturday #39;s grand opening, it appears that punters eager to lay their hands on the firm #39;s iconic iPod music player when the doors open could be disappointed.
Microsoft Launches Regional Versions of Hotmail Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s largest software maker, has expanded its flagship MSN Hotmail internet email service to include European and Japanese domain names, it said on Friday.
Gamers Rewarded With Another Life There #39;s a scene close to the beginning of Half-Life 2 of an urban vista in which a flock of birds flies toward a pale ecru sky against the backdrop of a very tall, black, ominous building.
Nintendo set to introduce new handheld gaming system While the first of the new-generation handheld gaming systems hits Canadian stores Sunday, consumers will have to wait a while before they see all of the Nintendo DS #39;s bells and whistles.
Search engines get more specifics It #39;s no secret that savvy online travelers in search of the best deal on an airline ticket, hotel room or car rental have long followed Smokey Robinson #39;s admonishment: You #39;d better shop around.
Ease of Purchase Makes iTunes Popular ITunes has been a success for a number of reasons. Backed by a respected name (Apple), it offers a massive, ever-expanding library of songs at appealing prices.
Sun posts Java source code to developers Sun Microsystems has posted the next version of its Java 2 Platform Standard Edition (J2SE) to the developer community for early review and feedback.
NBA Today (AP) AP - Seattle at Toronto (7 p.m. EST). The SuperSonics, winners of eight straight, face Vince Carter and the Raptors.
Safin stands in path of Henman Tim Henman faces a must-win clash against Russian Marat Safin on Saturday as he bids to reach the semi-finals of the Masters Cup in Houston.
CRUEL MADRID WHEN Patrick Vieira got back to Arsenal #39;s training ground yesterday, he will not have been shocked to encounter England left back Ashley Cole still shaking with rage.
London unveils plans for Olympic Games London has unveiled its detailed plans to stage the 2012 Olympics, promising a Games of excellence without extravagance. Bid chief Sebastian Coe said on Friday the city would 
Ecuador stun Brazil; Argentina up Reuters Rio de Janeiro Nov 18: World champions Brazil crashed to a shock 1-0 defeat in Ecuador yesterday while home wins for Peru, Colombia and Uruguay kept the South American World Cup qualifying group wide open.
Dutch driver Albers to test for Jordan Dutch driver Christian Albers is to test drive for Jordan at Jerez in Spain on December 1, the Formula One team said on Friday. Albers, 25, was set to test for Jordan, who have a 
NASCAR gets its drama, but cost might be high Its been a dozen years since the final race of the NASCAR season could promise this kind of suspense. When the checkered flag drops Sunday with the Nextel Cup Chase championship on the line, three of the 
Primera Liga matches, November 20-21 Locked in combat at the top of the Primera Liga, Barcelona and Real Madrid renew their rivalry at the Nou Camp on Saturday (kickoff 2100 GMT) in the most keenly awaited Spanish derby for years.
Honda buys 45 pct stake in BAR team from BAT Honda has agreed to buy a 45 percent holding in the BAR Formula One team, the revelations of the 2004 season. Honda, the team #39;s engine maker, agreed to buy the majority 
Manning in eye of the storm After several days of debate about whether the Giants made the right decision in turning their playoff hopes over to the No. 1 pick in this year #39;s draft, the anticipation of what will take 
Power in final, but at huge cost If it #39;s the final of the PACE Canadian Squash Classic, then Jonathon Power must be involved. But it was only with a hard victory that took 91 minutes last night that Power, who beat Anthony Ricketts, will 
Speculation about Tedford dominates Big Game buildup It #39;s Big Game week in the Bay Area, and Jeff Tedford has dominated the headlines. The California coach preaches a team-first dogma, so he probably wasn #39;t happy that speculation about his future swamped the pregame coverage.
Boise St. Seeks Third Straight WAC Title (AP) AP - The accolades flow when Louisiana Tech coach Jack Bicknell talks about the Boise State football team.
Woods Critical of PGA on Ryder Captain (AP) AP - Tiger Woods reiterated his criticism of the PGA of America on Friday for its decision to pass over close friend Mark O'Meara as captain of the 2006 Ryder Cup team.
Powell Remarks on Iran Create Stir in Washington A statement by US Secretary of State Colin Powell revealing information about Iranian efforts to obtain nuclear weapons has created a stir in Washington.
Chirac Hails Anglo-French  #39;Harmony #39; French President Jacques Chirac today spoke of the true friendship between his country and Britain but again stressed his opposition to the kind of military intervention which started the war in Iraq.
Activists ready to frustrate Chile #39;s APEC Summit George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin, and leaders from other 19 Asian - Pacific nations including China #39;s Hu Jintao and Japan #39;s Junichiro Koizumi are beggining to arrive in Santiago to attend to Chile #39;s APEC summit on Saturday.
Pakistan Adopts Wait And See Approach to Kashmir Peace Process Pakistan #39;s president says he is not happy with all of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s comments this week about the disputed territory of Kashmir.
Sharon  #39;is going soft #39; Jerusalem - Members of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s right-wing Likud party expressed concern on Friday that the hawkish premier had gone soft on the Palestinians since Yasser Arafat died last week.
Prince Charles: Man of the People or Royal Snob? Britain #39;s Prince Charles always prides himself on being a man of the people. But with one gruff memo about not all men being equal, the heir to the throne has tarnished his populist credentials.
US firms prove green credentials Many US businesses are already introducing greenhouse gas reduction programs despite their government #39;s failure to ratify the Kyoto Protocol on climate change.
Troops ready for Mosul after Fallujah US-backed Iraqi commandos were poised Friday to storm rebel strongholds in the northern city of Mosul, as US military commanders said they had  quot;broken the back quot; of the insurgency with their assault on the former rebel bastion of Fallujah.
Summit day important in African history: AU official The African Union on Friday hailed the convening of the inaugural summit of the International Conference on the Great Lakes Region as an important event in history.
Dollar Back Toward Record Lows Vs. Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar dropped to within half a cent\of this week's record low against the euro and hit 7-1/2-month\lows on the yen on Friday as traders took the view that world\finance chiefs would not try to slow the dollar's slide.
Oracle to Issue Tender Results Saturday (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  said it would\report preliminary results of its  #36;8.8 billion hostile tender\offer for PeopleSoft  as soon as practicable after 1\a.m. EST Saturday.
Oil Prices Up Ahead of Northern Winter (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rose on Friday as tight\supplies of distillate fuel, including heating oil, ahead of\the northern hemisphere winter spurred buying.
G20 meets amid record-high euro and weak dollar (AFP) AFP - Finance ministers and central bank chiefs from the world's 20 most powerful nations were gathering for a weekend G20 summit in which exchange rates are expected to figure prominently.
Drug firms hit by safety scares An FDA official named and shamed several drugs offered by major drugs companies, causing their shares to fall sharply in early trading.
World Bank pledges Kashmir help The World Bank says it is ready to offer economic assistance to Kashmir to help promote the peace process in the region.
Greenspan: U.S. Needs to Cut Budget Gap (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan\Greenspan said on Friday the United States should cut its\budget gap to foster a more balanced pattern of global trade\and avoid painful economic consequences.
Greenspan Warns About Trade Deficit Impact (AP) AP - The persistence of bloated U.S. trade deficits over time can pose a risk to the U.S. economy, which thus far has proven resilient, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned Friday. Policy-makers must not get lulled into a sense of complacency, he said.
Greenspan Urges Budget Gap Reduction U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday the United States should cut its\budget gap to foster a more balanced pattern of global trade and avoid painful economic consequences.
A slip to end stock week? Futures point to lower open for US markets as investors look to catch their breath. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Stocks looked to open lower Friday as investors appeared ready to consolidate the gains of the past three weeks.
Giants join 3G forces OPTUS and Vodafone yesterday formalised an alliance in which they will together spend \$1 billion on third-generation mobile phone networks.
Delta Extends Note Exchange Offer Delta Air Lines Inc. said Friday it is extending the offer to exchange up to \$680 million in three series of newly issued senior secured notes to the holders of \$2.6 billion of outstanding unsecured debt securities and enhanced pass through certificates.
High-Tech City to Go Up in Southern India (AP) AP - Southern India's Kerala state plans to create a 1,000-acre (400-hectare) zone called "Smart City," where technology companies from around the world will be invited to set up operations, an official said Friday.
No. 5 Syracuse to Play No. 24 Memphis (AP) AP - Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim is known for his cutting wit, and even his star players can wind up on the receiving end. Preseason All-America Hakim Warrick scored 17 of his 21 points in the second half to lead the fifth-ranked Orange to a 71-58 victory over No. 12 Mississippi State on Thursday night in the semifinals of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.
Amazon CEO Bezos Sells 450,000 Shares for  #36;18.2 Mln (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com Inc.  Chairman and\Chief Executive Jeff Bezos sold a total of 450,000 shares in\the online retailer this week, for a total of  #36;18.2 million,\according to regulatory filings.
Microsoft Launches Regional Versions of Hotmail (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp., the world's largest\software maker, has expanded its flagship MSN Hotmail internet\email service to include European and Japanese domain names, it\said on Friday.
Music company EMI reports loss for first half but says sales on way back up (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - EMI Group PLC, one of the world's Big Three music companies, reported a fall in sales and a net loss for the first half of its fiscal year Friday but said it expected an improvement in the second half when its album release schedule kicks in.
Mac Skeptic: Apple's ISight, a Webcam and More (PC World) PC World - Software developers have made the ISight good for much more than just video chat.
Suicide Bomber Crashes Into Iraqi Police (AP) AP - A suicide car bomber rammed into a police patrol in Baghdad on Friday, killing one policeman, police and hospital officials said.
Spammed inbox for Bill Gates Bill Gates is claiming the most spammed person in the world. Microsoft Corp. Chairman receives 4 million spam messages in his email every day, according to his silent voodoo doll Steve Ballmer.
No half measures with Half-Life 2 Could Half-Life 2 possibly live up to the hype? After almost two years of tantalising previews and infuriating delays it #39;s safe to say that this is the most highly-anticipated computer game of all time.
More Security Holes Found In Internet Explorer 6.0 Three more vulnerabilities in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer 6.0 browser were disclosed by Danish security vendor Secunia. By Gregg Keizer, TechWeb News.
Power Surfing When Che Carsner wanted to find discount airline tickets for his parents from the Miami area to New York, he knew where to look. Carsner, a Manhattan real-estate agent logged onto Kayak.
U2 sees iPod TV spots as synergy, not sellout (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Uno, dos, tres, CATORCE! The TV quakes as a euphoric punk holler, stabbing guitar and muscle-bound rhythms roar over convulsive images of rock stars in silhouette. The iPod ad touting U2's Vertigo  isn't your father's Oldsmobile commercial, but it is a commercial, and that's stirring debate among rock 'n' roll old-schoolers and within the band's vigilant following.
Honda Takes 45 Stake in British American #39;s F-1 Team (Update1) Honda Motor Co., Japan #39;s third- largest carmaker, said it will take 45 percent stake in British American Tobacco Plc #39;s Formula One team, owning part of a team for the first time in 36 years.
Liga Weekend Preview: El Clasico Dominates There is a strange La Liga round of fixtures in store, mainly because its difficult to tell if more than one game is taking place.
Spurrier reportedly to lead USC after Holtz #39;s retirement (Columbia-AP) Nov. 19, 2004 - Following news Lou Holtz announced his pending retirement to his Gamecock players before practice Thursday, the attention of South Carolina fans turns to the man who will reportedly replace him, Steve Spurrier.
A really Big Game IN MOST years, the Big Game has been so in tradition only, with die- hard alums from Stanford and Cal seeing the contest as a chance to salvage so- so seasons.
Kazakh government seeks to buy British Gas stake in huge oil project (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ALMATY, Kazakhstan (AP) - Kazakhstan's oil minister said Friday the government wants to buy British Gas's entire stake in a project to develop a giant oil field in the Caspian Sea, according to a news report.
Sudanese sign pledge to end long civil war NAIROBI Sudan #39;s government and insurgents in the south signed a pledge Friday to end Africa #39;s longest running civil war by Dec. 31.
Dollar Back Toward Record Lows Vs. Euro The dollar dropped to within half a cent of this week #39;s record low against the euro and hit 7-1/2-month lows on the yen on Friday as traders took the view that world finance 
Asian CEOs Warned of Threat from Climate Change (Reuters) Reuters - More severe tropical cyclones,\heatwaves and a dramatic shift in rainfall patterns could\batter Asia by the end of the century as its factories boom, a\leading climate expert told Asian chief executives on Friday.
Scientists See Hope Amid Coral Doom and Gloom (Reuters) Reuters - Even though nearly two thirds of coral\reefs are now officially endangered, some are bouncing back\despite warmer oceans and pollution, giving hope the marine\marvels are not completely doomed, scientists said on Friday.
New Study to Compare Genetic Make-Up of Asians (Reuters) Reuters - Just how similar are the Japanese and\Indonesians, apart from being Asians?
Sudan Foes Sign Peace Pledge at Security Council  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Sudan's government and southern rebels  vowed on Friday to end Africa's longest civil war by Dec. 31,  signing a pledge in front of 15 U.N. Security Council envoys  who flew in from New York to demand the fighting stop.
Summary: U.N Draft Ban on Human Cloning (AP) AP - CLONING DECLARATION: U.N. diplomats are poised to approve a draft declaration to outlaw human cloning, a non-binding agreement that would not outlaw research cloning.
Palestinians Reject Sharon's Peace 'Test'  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The Palestinian Authority  on Friday rejected Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's new  and seemingly softer terms for restarting peace talks, saying  he should drop all conditions for dialogue.
Site: Zarqawi Group Beheads Two Iraqi Soldiers  DUBAI (Reuters) - The group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab  al-Zarqawi said it beheaded two Iraqi soldiers in broad  daylight in Mosul, a statement found on an Islamist Web site on  Friday said.
Myanmar Frees Prominent Political Prisoners  YANGON, Myanmar (Reuters) - Myanmar's junta freed at least  two dozen members of democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi's  political party Friday during a mass release of 4,000 people  detained "inappropriately" by the intelligence machine purged  last month.
S.Korean Farmers Clash with Police on Rice Imports  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean police used water cannon in  central Seoul Friday to disperse at least 15,000 farmers  protesting against a government plan to further ease  restrictions on rice imports.
Gunman kills Sri Lankan judge A Sri Lankan high court judge and his bodyguard are shot dead in the capital, Colombo, police say.
Cheap HIV treatment hailed Giving HIV-positive children a common antibiotic could nearly halve the death rate, the UN says.
Death toll from storm in Philippines rises to at least 527, 352 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Philippine military said Friday rescuers have recovered 484 bodies from landslides and flash floods in an eastern province, bringing the toll from this week #39;s powerful rainstorm to 527 people.
Tennis: Roddick makes semis Andy Roddick beats Marat Safin in two tie-breaks to reach the Masters Cup semis.
Golf: Woods upset at Ryder post Tiger Woods says Mark O'Meara should have been named US Ryder Cup captain for 2006.
Belgium death threat suspect held Belgian police arrest a man suspected of threatening to kill a senator who criticised fundamentalist Muslims.
Egypt wants Guantanamo releases Egypt asks the US to hand over five of its citizens detained at the American military base at Guantanamo Bay.
Agreement May Be Near on 9/11 Bill House and Senate negotiators were close to a deal to enact the major recommendations of the Sept. 11 commission.
Official Allegedly Hinted At Saudi Torture of Man A federal prosecutor made a comment suggesting that a Virginia man held in a Saudi Arabian prison had been tortured.
Venezuela Govt. Believes Car Blast Kills Prosecutor &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Two blasts destroyed a carin a Caracas suburb Thursday and killed its driver, whoVenezuelan authorities believed was a key state prosecutorleading a probe into opponents of President Hugo Chavez.&lt;/p&gt;
UK looks at 'integrating' ID card with health care To 'maximise benefits for patients', of course...
Digital music download coin-op to offer 'all formats, all DRMs' &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Inspired thinks big but lacks the content
&lt;em&gt;The Register&lt;/em&gt; is band full of s**t &lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; AV specialist throws wobbler
From Indymedia to the Moon: your musings in full &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; An eclectic postbag
Renewed violence shatters lull in Baghdad A suicide car bomber plowed into a Shiite mosque in Baghdad after dawn prayers on Friday, killing 14 people and stoking fears that sectarian divisions over when to hold elections could bring further bloodshed.
EMI looks to digital as download sales quadruple But look to lawsuit stick rather than iTunes carrot for the cause
Home working trial proves popular Experiment confines workers to their homes for two days to try teleworking.
Car bombers strike near green zone, 7 dead BAGHDAD - A double suicide car bomb attack has devastated a police station just outside Baghdads fortified Green Zone, killing seven people and wounding 57 in the latest strike against Iraqs beleaguered security forces.
Dollar Slips After Greenspan Remarks (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar slipped  on Friday, after\Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's remarks on the U.S.\trade gap and on foreign demand for dollar-denominated  assets.
Dollar Slips After Greenspan Remarks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slipped  on Friday, after  Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's remarks on the U.S.  trade gap and on foreign demand for dollar-denominated  assets.
Stocks Seen Flat, Drug Makers Pressured  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures pointed to a flat market  open on Friday, with higher oil prices and weakness in drug  maker stocks offsetting better-than-expected earnings from  entertainment company Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Oil Prices Rise Ahead of Northern Winter  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed on Friday as tight  supplies of distillate fuels ahead of the northern hemisphere  winter spurred buying.
Ton-up Vik wows Zim VIKRAM SOLANKI smashed an 89-ball hundred to keep England on course for a series whitewash. The Worcestershire captain hit exactly 100 in the third one-dayer at the Queens Club in Bulawayo 
Oracle to Issue Tender Results Saturday  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; said it would  report preliminary results of its \$8.8 billion hostile tender  offer for PeopleSoft &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; as soon as practicable after 1  a.m. EST Saturday.
J.M. Smucker Quarterly Profit Rises  CHICAGO (Reuters) - J.M. Smucker Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SJM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SJM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  posted higher quarterly profit as improved sales at its Jif  peanut butter and Smucker's jelly business helped offset higher  raw material costs and a loss on the sale of its Brazilian  unit.
Advancis: Funds Through Early 2006  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advancis Pharmaceutical Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVNC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AVNC.O&lt;/A&gt;, which recently saw a large contract end with  GlaxoSmithKline Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt;, said Friday it has enough funds to  operate though at least early 2006, and outlined a plan to cut  costs.
Time To Applaud Chelsea #39;s Football Chelsea are bad for football, it #39;s true; but they are also very good at it. Not something you could say about Titus Bramble, say.
Companies Forced to Fight Phishing Phishing is a growing form of online fraud that blends old-fashioned confidence scams with innovations in technological trickery. In the second part of our two-part series, washingtonpost.com explores how banks, Internet service providers and other online businesses are trying to make e-commerce safe for their customers.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
High-Tech City to Go Up in Southern India Southern India's Kerala state plans to create a 1,000-acre (400-hectare) zone called "Smart City," where technology companies from around the world will be invited to set up operations, an official said Friday.
Nintendo DS a Sleek Powerhouse The last time Nintendo Co. tried two screens, the result was a head-splitting virtual reality goggle called Virtual Boy that quickly flopped in the mid-1990s.
Hartson double puts Celtic top Celtic have moved top of the Scottish Premier League, for 24 hours at least, after John Hartson #39;s double gave them a 2-1 victory over Hibernian.
Arsenal gets back to winning ways Arsenal won for the first time in five games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0 in the Premier League.
Verdict Due for Afghan in Killing of Journalists  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan court is expected to announce a  verdict on Saturday in a closed-door trial of a man accused of  killing four foreign journalists, including two from Reuters,  just after the fall of the Taliban three years ago.
At Unusual U.N. Session, Sudanese Factions Vow to End War The Sudanese government and southern rebels vowed today to end Sudan's long civil war by the end of this year.
Nike #39;s father to step down Nike co-founder Phil Knight has announced that he will step down as chief executive and president of the company. The 66-year-old notified the company #39;s board of directors at 
Russia set to auction oil giants prize asset MOSCOW The government on Friday set the stage for the resolution of the  quot;Yukos affair, quot; setting an auction date for the prize asset of Yukos, the country #39;s No.
EMI stock surges 10 on robust 2H outlook LONDON, November 19 (newratings.com) The share price of the global music company, EMI (EMI.ETR), appreciated nearly 10 to 228.5p on the London Stock Exchange today, after the company guided to improved full year results, despite posting ay/y decline 
Waterford Wedgwood Posts Heavy Losses Waterford Wedgwood PLC, the debt-laden maker of luxury homewares, reported a slight half-year profit but heavy operating losses Friday as it continued to suffer from the weak US dollar.
Telcos forge 3G link THE race to get a widespread third generation mobile phone network in Australia started in earnest yesterday with Optus and Vodafone agreeing to a joint venture network.
Intel to Invest \$40 Million in Bangalore Intel Corp., the world #39;s largest computer chip maker, said it would spend \$40 million to expand in the southern Indian city of Bangalore over the next two years, maintaining its spending rate since the start of 2003.
A dash of holiday giving The 12th annual Kettle Kick-off Holiday Luncheon on Thursday raised \$150,305 for Christmas food baskets, meals, toys and other services for needy people during the holidays and throughout the year.
Cherkasky: Marsh Clears Its Board Of Insiders Another new policy at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (nyse: MMC - news - people ): The insurer said yesterday that five directors--all company executives--are leaving its board.
Iraqi Forces, U.S. Troops Storm Baghdad Mosque Iraqi forces, backed by U.S. soldiers, stormed one of the major Sunni Muslim mosques in Baghdad after Friday prayers, opening fire and killing at least three people, witnesses said. Another raid overnight at a hospital allegedly used by insurgents in Mosul led to three arrests, the military said.
FDA Says Stands by Safety of Approved Drugs The US Food and Drug Administration said on Friday that Senate testimony by a veteran FDA researcher regarding safety risks for five drugs does not reflect the views of the agency.
Acquisition helps Smucker reports 18 percent earnings increase ORRVILLE, Ohio - JM Smucker Co. said on Friday that earnings for its second quarter were up 18 percent, helped by a 57 percent increase in sales stemming from its acquisition of International Multifoods Corp.
Former Viacom president Karmazin returns to radio roots with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK_Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. is bringing in another big gun from the media world, tapping Mel Karmazin, the former president of media giant Viacom Inc.
RIAA launches P2P file sharing legal blitz The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) continued its hard line approach to music sharing across P2P networks with a round of copyright infringement lawsuits targeting 761 alleged illegal file sharers.
Sun #39;s New No. 1 Threat Is an older Sun a mellower Sun? Scott McNealy, Sun Microsystems chairman and CEO, said at a press conference this week to introduce the companys Solaris 10 operating system that hed just turned 50 over the weekend.
First Apple Retail Store in Europe on its marks and set to ... On Saturday, November 20th 2004, Apple will open its first European Retail Store on Regent Street in the West End of London. There those with an interest to do so will be able in a kind of adventure shop to 
Explorer Again In The News For Wrong Reasons Microsoft #39;s flagship Internet Explorer has once again come under the spotlight, albeit for all the wrong reasons. Two more vulnerabilities were uncovered in the widely used Web browser version 6, according to security firm Secunia.
Science: Europe Probe Lands on Mars The Smart 1 lunar probe has entered into orbit around the Moon, the first European mission to do so. On Monday, Smart 1 began firing its ion engine to bring it into lunar orbit.
Coe outlines London bid for 2012 Olympics London revealed its detailed plans for hosting the 2012 Olympic Games today with bid chief Sebastian Coe promising they would be a  quot;games for the next generation quot;.
US Airways Mechanics Not Hopeful The head of the mechanics union at US Airways said yesterday the group is not optimistic about reaching an agreement with the airline before a critical hearing Thursday and raised the prospect that the unit could walk off the job if a court allows the current labor contract to be voided.
Prem Preview : Man United-Charlton Club football returns and the weekend begins at Old Trafford as Charlton make the trip north to Manchester. Following a week of recriminations and fallout from the international friendlies and World 
Hokies Keep ACC Title Hopes Alive With Win The win moves the Hokies to 8-2 overall and to 5-1 in the ACC while the Terps fall to 4-6 overall and to 2-5 in the league. Virginia Tech controls its own destiny in the ACC race.
Chase comes to Florida with trio in hot pursuit A: One race to go, and the tension is so thick, noted outdoorsman Ward Burton could barely slice it with a big, scary hunting knife.
Holiday Air Travel Post reporters Sara Goo and Keith Alexander share holiday travel stories and discuss how the airlines handled what was one of the biggest holiday travel fiascos in years.
Ministers lash Charles LONDON - Uproar between government and royalty broke out throughout the corridors of power yesterday in reaction to Prince Charles #39; apparent belief that people should not rise above their station.
Rivals ready themselves for Palestinian poll WITH the reality of democratic elections across the West Bank and Gaza now sinking in, Palestinian political leaders yesterday began jockeying in earnest for position and advantage, as new coalitions and obscure candidates emerged.
Two killed in Baghdad mosque clash; Iraqi troops prepare assault &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD (AFP) - Iraqi national guardsmen raided a Sunni mosque in Baghdad after Friday prayers, sparking bloody clashes, an AFP correspondent reported, while in the northern city of Mosul US-backed Iraqi commandos were poised to storm rebel strongholds.
European Shares Hit New 2-1/2 Year Peak  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks hit a new 2-1/2 year  high on Tuesday as a slide in oil prices and a rise in the  dollar fueled confidence in the global economy, but a glum  Christmas report from Woolworths weighed on UK retailers.
Speculation Surrounding IE Updates Continues Microsoft has cobbled together dozens of third-party software plug-ins and add-ons that enhance IE and provided links to them from its Windows Marketplace site.
Online Award to Times Writer The New York Times on the Web won an award from the Online News Association for commentary by Nicholas Kristof, an Op-Ed columnist for The New York Times.
Update 4: Japan, China Leaders Agree to Meeting The leaders of Japan and China agreed to a one-on-one meeting on the sidelines of a summit, overcoming a diplomatic impasse between the Asian powers that have been increasingly at odds.
Supermarket chain Loblaw #39;s third-quarter profit rises 18 to \$258 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Loblaw Cos. Ltd., Canada #39;s biggest supermarket chain, says its third-quarter profit rose 18 per cent to \$258 million as sales increased six per cent.
Wholesale sales fell in September for the first time in 7 months &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - Wholesale sales declined for the first time in seven months in September, Statistics Canada says. Sales fell by 1.9 per cent from August, to \$37.6 billion.
Karmazin named CEO at Sirius A month after signing Stern to a five-year deal, Manhattan-based Sirius said yesterday its new chief executive is Mel Karmazin, the former head of media conglomerate Viacom who was successful 
Controversy over Christmas kettles One of the biggest fund-raising efforts of the year is about to begin for the Salvation Army: the Christmas kettle drive. In Flagstaff, the drive will kick off the day after Thanksgiving outside 
Greenspan Sends Dollar to 4-Yr Low Vs Yen (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar fell under 103 yen on\Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said large\interventions in the currency market do not create protracted\changes in exchange rates but have some effect.
FDA Says Approved Drugs Are Safe (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration\said on Friday that Senate testimony by a veteran FDA\researcher regarding safety risks for five drugs does not\reflect the views of the agency.
11 local Net file sharers targeted  quot;You Got Served quot; is the title of one movie a New York-area person is accused of making available for download over the Internet.
In-Depth Review: What Makes Firefox 1.0 So Compelling Mozilla #39;s new Firefox Web browser can make believers even out of loyal Internet Explorer proponents. By Scot Finnie, Desktop Pipeline.
Oram puts Australian attack to the sword AUSTRALIAN crowds are familiar with the sight of a big-hitting left-hander wandering to the wicket at No.7 and turning a Test match on its head.
Greenspan: Appetite for Dollar to Dwindle  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The insatiable foreign demand for  dollar holdings would eventually fall as investors diversify,  U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday in  remarks that landed hard on the dollar.
End armed chaos - Palestinian leader PLO leader Mahmud Abbas stepped up calls Friday to end  quot;armed chaos quot; engulfing the occupied territories, as the new Palestinian leadership readied the ground for presidential elections in January.
Democratization of Europe Europe #39;s integration project is historically unprecedented. For the past millennium, Europe has lived in an uneasy equilibrium, giving birth to every great empire that dominated and pacified the world in the last 500 years.
Fit-again Kallis to play in first India test All-rounder Jacques Kallis will play in the first test against India starting on Saturday after recovering from a side strain, but is unlikely to bowl.
Russia Sets Auction for Oil Giant Yukos  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia pressed ahead on Friday with the  last step in the destruction of oil major YUKOS, saying it will  auction its main Siberian unit on Dec. 19 for \$8.65 billion and  hit it with a new tax claim.
Canadian Grocer Loblaw Sales Up 6 Pct.  TORONTO (Reuters) - Loblaw Cos Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=L.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;L.TO&lt;/A&gt;, Canada's  largest grocery store chain, reported a higher third-quarter  profit on Friday, as stronger sales in non-food categories  helped boost overall sales by 6 percent.
Disney's Not Goofy The entertainment giant wraps up a successful fiscal year and sets the course for consistent growth.
Wall St. Seen Flat as Drug Shares Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures pointed to a flat market  open on Friday, with higher oil prices and drug maker stocks  weighing on Wall Street after Thursday's late-session rally.
Dolby Labs Files for a \$460 Million IPO  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Audio technology company Dolby  Laboratories Inc. filed on Friday to raise as much as \$460  million in an initial public offering of Class A common stock.
Investors May Sue Russia as YUKOS Tanks  MOSCOW (Reuters) - YUKOS' foreign investors accused Russia  on Friday of attempting to steal the oil giant's key unit  Yugansk and threatened to sue after Moscow set a Dec. 19 fire  sale of its assets, sending the stock collapsing by 25 percent.
Euro steadies below 1.30 dollars ahead of G20 meeting LONDON (AFP) - The euro steadied just below the 1.30 dollar mark as the markets positioned themselves for this weekend #39;s G20 meeting of finance ministers and central bankers in Berlin.
Loblaw Profit Rises 19 as Lederer Fends Off Wal-Mart (Update1) Loblaw Cos. said third-quarter net income rose 19 percent as the company, Canada #39;s largest supermarket chain, cut distribution costs and sold more of its profitable nonfood goods.
NVIDIA and Intel Sign Broad Cross-License, Chipsets License &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTA CLARA, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 19, 2004 -- NVIDIA Corporation (Nasdaq:NVDA) and Intel Corporation today announced the companies have signed a broad, multi-year patent cross-license agreement 
Stocks Open Flat; Pressure on Drugmakers US stocks opened flat on Friday, with higher oil prices and shares of drugmakers weighing on Wall Street after Thursday #39;s late-session rally.
Microsoft warns of Linux dangers Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has told Asian government leaders at a forum in Singapore that they could face patent lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of Windows software.
Google engineers new scholarly search Google Inc., the leader in online search engines, is setting out to make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web.
Oracle settles on quarterly patch regime Oracle Corp is following rival Microsoft Corp in making its security patching schedule more predictable for customers. Unlike Microsoft, which faces more scrutiny from security researchers and patches every month, Oracle will patch quarterly.
AOL adds anti-spam features to version 9.0 AOL will be adding a host of new features designed to combat spam, virii and spyware to version 9.0 of its browser. The package, known as  #39;AOL 9.0 Security Edition #39; is a free download which was available from Thursday.
Spanish leaders denounce racial taunts by soccer fans In a move to protect Spain #39;s image and bid for the 2012 Olympics, Spanish leaders stressed that its citizens and sports fans are not racist.
No mercy for England says Os London - A 70-0 beating of Canada was effectively a warmup for new England coach Andy Robinson. Now Clive Woodward #39;s successor has a real challenge when Tri-Nations champion South Africa returns to Twickenham to make up for a 53-3 loss two years ago.
WTO Rules Against EU Protection of Goods (AP) AP - The European Union said Friday its system of protecting names for regionally produced foods such as Champagne and Parma ham was strengthened by an initial ruling from the World Trade Organization.
Prince  #39;out of touch #39; with education, says Clarke A government minister today dismissed the Prince of Wales as  quot;old-fashioned and out of time quot; with  quot;patronising quot; views on the education system.
Palestinians fail first post-Arafat leadership test The Palestinian Authority Friday failed its first post-Arafat test to determine whether or not it was serious about making peace with Israel.
After Kashmir, PM bids to calm northeast fires (Reuters) Reuters - Having reached out to Kashmiris during a two-day visit to the region, the prime minister heads this weekend to the country's volatile northeast, where public anger is high over alleged abuses by Indian soldiers.
B.C. doesn't have to pay for special autism treatment: Supreme Court (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The British Columbia government does not have to pay for a  costly early childhood treatment for autism, the Supreme Court of Canada said Friday.
Annan Sees Hope for Great Lakes Peace  DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - U.N Secretary General Kofi Annan  urged leaders of Africa's resource-rich but blood-soaked Great  Lakes region on Friday to implement a peace plan that could  herald a "new era" for millions of Africans.
Chirac on final day of UK visit The French president Jacques Chirac lays a wreath at the tomb of Edward VII on the final day of his visit to Britain.
Nvidia, Intel Sign Cross-License Deal Nvidia Corp., a maker of computer video cards, on Friday said it inked a multiyear patent cross-licensing agreement with Intel Corp.
Microsoft Tries To Steer Asian Government Away From Linux According to a recent report from a research group, Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer at an Asian Government Leaders Forum in Singapore claimed that Linux violates more than 228 patents.
Raptors reportedly considering Carter trade The Portland Trail Blazers and Toronto Raptors are reportedly talking about a seven-player blockbuster trade involving Vince Carter that could amount to a wish granted for the disgruntled superstar, according to a broadcast report.
Organizers Say 2006 Olympics on Track (AP) AP - Organizers of the 2006 Winter Olympics insist the games are on track despite a  #36;242 million budget shortfall and a police investigation into possible fixing of construction contracts.
Greenspan Sends Dollar to Multiyear Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slumped across the board,  plunging to four-and-a-half-year lows against the yen on  Friday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said  demand for U.S. assets could decline at some point given the  size of the current account deficit.
Official Insists FDA Acted Appropriately With Vioxx WASHINGTON -- A Food and Drug Administration official is defending the agency #39;s action with regards to Vioxx. The drug was taken off the market Sept.
Stocks Fall on Greenspan Deficit Warning Stocks fell modestly Friday as Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded a warning over the nation #39;s spiraling trade deficit.
U.S. Firm Buys Stake in Jimmy Choo (AP) AP - Hicks Muse Tate  amp; Furst Inc. said Friday that it has bought a majority stake in Jimmy Choo, the British-based luxury shoe label, in a deal valued at 101 million pounds ( #36;187 million).
Karmazin Brings Sirius Starpower to Radio (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Sirius Satellite Radio's hiring of former Viacom President Mel Karmazin as its new chief executive is its most aggressive move yet to steal market share away from larger rival XM Satellite Radio. It's also the clearest signal so far that the satellite upstarts intend to be real competitors in the media world.
RIAA Files New Lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America has filed new lawsuits against 761 people who allegedly use peer-to-peer software to trade music files without permission, the trade group announced this week.
Gateway Launches New Media Center PCs Irvine-based Gateway refreshed its lineup of personal computers yesterday, introducing two new Media Center PCs. The company #39;s 3250X Media Center PC and 7200S Media Center PC both use Microsoft #39;s new Windows 
New York Knicks Team Report - November 19 (Sports Network) - The New York Knicks hope to get back to .500 this evening when they conclude a four-game road trip against the Dallas Mavericks at the AmericanAirlines Center.
Putin: No authoritarian rule in Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin said there could be no authoritarian rule in the Russian Federation. Commenting on statements by some Western political analysts that totalitarian rule could be established 
Pitt Locks Up BCS Bid Tyler Palko tosses a career-high 411 yards and five touchdowns to push No. 19 Pittsburgh over South Florida, 43-14, on Satudray.
Are You A Comfort Addict? Do you find yourself unsatisfied, but unable to work out why?  Do you find yourself nodding during Fight Club when Tyler Durden tells his recruits that their struggle is a philosophical one... only to be dismayed with his idea of a solution?  Is everything okay, but nothing great?    You could well be a comfort addict. 
Sigourney Weaver books flight with Virgin Galactica &lt;em&gt;Alien&lt;/em&gt; star turns space tourist
Operators wake up to mobile enterprise needs &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Starmap points the way forward
EMI's download music sales soar EMI sees download music sales rise by nearly 600 in the six months to the end of September and says they are becoming a major part of its business.
Microsoft Launches Regional Versions of Hotmail  LONDON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp., the world's largest  software maker, has expanded its flagship MSN Hotmail internet  email service to include European and Japanese domain names, it  said on Friday.
Phishing Schemes Fraudulent phishing e-mail is forcing businesses to reconsider how they communicate with their customers online. Join Dave Jevans, chairman of the Anti-Phishing Working Group, as he discusses this growing form of online fraud with washingtonpost.com reporter Brian Krebs.
Karmazin Brings Sirius Starpower to Radio You might have thought that Sirius got serious when it hired Howard, but the second-place satellite radio company is upping some serious ante now by enlisting former Viacom President Mel Karmazin. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Earnings alert: Linux OS sales boost Novell Plus: Salesforce quarterly revenue rises...Write-downs widen DirecTV's loss...Time Warner net income slips...Cell phone unit shores up Verizon.
TV technology enters a new generation The big, bulky tube television is ready to get a leaner look--and to challenge flat panels at their own game. Meanwhile, TV tuners are headed to new PCs.
Coulthard Hints at Red Bull Move  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's David Coulthard says he will  be back in Formula One next year and hinted Saturday that a  move to the Red Bull Racing Formula One team was imminent.
Euro Reaches New High against Dollar The US dollar fell yesterday against all the major currencies on international exchange markets except the Canada dollar. The Euro climbed to \$1.3074 against US dollar, breaking a new record.
Stocks End High on Jobless Claims Report Stocks rose modestly in uninspired trading Thursday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from from Google Inc.
Movie Gallery Bids on Hollywood Chain DOTHAN, Ala. - Video rental chain Movie Gallery Inc. on Friday said it has made an offer to acquire Hollywood Entertainment Corp., countering a \$700 million takeover proposed last week by Blockbuster Inc.
NY pension fund says to tender PeopleSoft stock New York state #39;s pension fund, the nation #39;s second largest, said on Friday it plans on tendering its 2.2 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc.
EMI looks to digital future as download sales quadruple The world #39;s third largest music label, EMI, saw its revenues from digital music increase by more than 300 per cent in the six months to 30 September, the company said today.
SAN LORENZO Sports card auctions lead to indictment A San Lorenzo man has been indicted by a federal grand jury on charges that he defrauded EBay users in online auction for rare Mickey Mantle and Michael Jordan sports cards.
AOL launches 9.0 Security Edition After much publicity and anticipation, America Online launched AOL 9.0 Security Edition. America Online made news when it announced that AOL 9.0 Security Edition would include McAfee VirusScan Online for free as part of basic membership.
Fifa to probe Spain #39;s race abuse shame Football #39;s world governing body, Fifa, has said that it will launch a full investigation into the racist abuse meted out by Spanish spectators at England #39;s recent friendly international.
No. 15 Va. Tech Drubs Maryland 55-6 Virginia Tech quarterback Bryan Randall (3) twarts the tackle of Maryland #39;s Dominique Foxworth (6) during first half action of the Maryland-Va Tech Atlantic Coast Conference college football game at Lane stadium in Blacksburg, Va.
Report: NHL agent loses certification According to a report in the Ottawa Sun, an NHL agent has lost his certification for leaking information about a players #39; association website to a reporter from a Minnesota newspaper.
Jacquess Cracks We are approaching Thanksgiving. For an American, no matter where you are on the planet, that means it #39;s time to stop and take stock of all we have for which we should all be grateful.
Sharon drops key demand for peace talks Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon signaled that he is dropping what was once his key demand for resuming peace talks - a Palestinian crackdown on militant groups.
Vodafone tests Chinese mobile phone equipment Vodafone Group, Europe's largest mobile phone operator, is testing several network systems from Chinese manufacturers with the intention of purchasing equipment within the next few years.
DoCoMo develops Linux, Symbian common software platform NTT DoCoMo, Japan's largest mobile operator, has developed a common software platform that can run on both the Linux and Symbian operating systems used in its 3G (third generation) mobile phones, the company said Thursday.
Calpers tenders PeopleSoft shares to Oracle The California Employees' Retirement System (Calpers) is tendering its 1.5 million PeopleSoft shares to Oracle, giving the hostile suitor a boost in the final days of its takeover bid.
Update: Yahoo, SBC extend partnership, plan new services Yahoo and SBC Communications will collaborate to extend to cell phones and home entertainment devices some of the online services and content they currently provide to PC users.
Dollar Drops After Greenspan Warning on Current-Account Deficit The dollar fell to its lowest in more than four years against the yen and dropped versus the euro after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said foreign investors will tire of financing the record current-account deficit.
ECB delays task of choosing architect FRANKFURT Choosing this German city to be the home of the European Central Bank and its new currency, the euro, was a diplomatic challenge worthy of Talleyrand.
WTO panel rules in favor of S. Korea #39;s Hynix in dispute with 0U.S. SEOUL, Nov 19, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- A World Trade Organization panel has ruled in favor of South Korea #39;s Hynix Semiconductor Inc.
Bill Gates Inundated with Spam Steve Ballmer said he, too, is among the most spammed people in the world because he gives out his e-mail address in nearly every speech he makes.
SMART-1 #39;s Ion Drive: From Fiction to Fact SMART-1, the European Space Agency craft currently in orbit around the moon, makes use of a technology that was pure science fiction until the 1960s - the ion drive.
Let the handheld games begin It #39;s the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. But the latest duel between wise old master Nintendo and challenger Sony is not taking place on a TV screen.
At Unusual UN Session, Sudanese Factions Vow to End War The Sudanese government and southern rebels vowed today to end Sudan #39;s long civil war by the end of this year, putting their pledge on paper in 
US, Iraqi Troops Storm Baghdad Mosque Iraqi forces arrest people during a raid on one of the major Sunni Muslim mosques in Baghdad, the Abu Hanifa mosque, Friday Nov. 19 2004.
Does Your Site Need a Custom Search Engine Toolbar? Does Your Site Need a Custom Search Engine Toolbar?\\Today's surfers aren't always too comfortable installing software on their computers. Especially free software that they don't necessarily understand. With all the horror stories of viruses, spyware, and adware that make the front page these days, it's no wonder. So is there ...
Search Engine Marketing: Internet Gardening Tips For 2005 Search Engine Marketing: Internet Gardening Tips For 2005\\With the major elections now behind us, we can once again concentrate on getting back to business. In Canada, we don't even have Hockey to distract us this year. Here are a few gardening tips to help you prepare for marketing your business ...
Babelplex Multilingual Search Engine - the C3PO of Search Babelplex Multilingual Search Engine - the C3PO of Search\\I live in a bilingual household, well, make that trilingual. I'm an English speaker from the US and my wife is a dual Brazilian/Japanese citizen. I lived in Japan for 18 months and then spent about the same amount of time in ...
Trouble for California Cloning? The United Nations considers a ban on all forms of cloning, a move that could eventually lead to problems for California's 10-year, \$3 billion stem-cell initiative. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Gamers Rewarded With Another Life It doesn't break new ground, and the plot is a little sparse, but thanks to its visual quality and ability to suck you into its world, Half Life 2 is probably the best game of 2004. By Suneel Ratan.
Please, More Steam-Powered Games Perhaps just as good as the release of Half-Life 2 this week is the introduction of Steam, a service that lets gamers buy and download sophisticated PC games. It's the way game retailing ought to be. Commentary by Suneel Ratan.
Pushing the Male Envelope Though it seems most sex toys are designed for women, it's the male-oriented ones that nudge the technology to new levels. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
Don't Touch That Dial Plextor's new ConvertX PVR turns a Mac or PC into a digital video recorder. It's a slick product that's easy to set up and use. But inexplicably, the PVR is crippled in a fundamental way. By Leander Kahney.
Researchers: Florida Vote Fishy President Bush may have received up to 260,000 more votes than he should have in Florida counties that used touch-screen voting machines, according to an academic analysis. Researchers call on Florida to examine the results. By Kim Zetter.
Treasuries Down, Greenspan Warns on Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices turned abruptly  lower on Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan,  in a highly unusual move, said those unprepared for higher  interest rates stood to lose money.
FDA scientist details problems of five drugs During a Senate hearing Thursday regarding Vioxx, the arthritis blockbuster pulled off the market in September over concerns about increased risk of heart attacks and 
Nike #39;s Knight Resigns As CEO The co-founder of the athletic shoe and clothing company is stepping down as president and CEO, with his resignation taking effect Dec. 28.
Dollar sinks after Greenspan remarks, gold up in Europe LONDON - The US dollar sank Friday in European trading after US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan warned of the dangers of America #39;s growing trade deficit and the chance the imbalance could eventually depress foreign demand for the greenback.
Intel, Nvidia Sign Cross-Licensing Pact Chip giant Intel and graphics processor vendor Nvidia said Friday they have inked a wide-ranging technology sharing pact that, among other things, will let Nvidia use Intel #39;s front-side bus technology.
Intel to invest \$40 million in India Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Dolby Labs files for IPO worth up to \$460 million WASHINGTON (Dow Jones/AP) -- Dolby Laboratories Inc., the developer of noise reduction systems for audio equipment, filed Friday to sell up to \$460 million in stock in an initial public offering.
Genentech #39;s new lung cancer drug gets FDA approval NEW YORK, November 19 (newratings.com) - Tarceva, an experimental lung cancer drug, has been approved by the Food  amp; Drug Administration, Genentech (DNA.
Loblaws Q3 profit up 18 TORONTO - Grocery retailer Loblaw Companies Ltd. said Friday its third-quarter earnings grew by more than 18 per cent over the previous year.
Germany calls for measures to halt dollar decline German Finance Minister Hans Eichelon Friday called on the world #39;s three main trading blocks to find a way of halting the dollar #39;s slide against the euro and the yen.
Think your spam is a problem? Think again. According to Microsoft #39;s Chief Executive, Steve Ballmer, Bill Gates is number one in the amount of spam a person gets. According to the Microsoft CEO, Gates gets over four million messages a day, most of which are junk.
Minneapolis PR Upstart Joins Web-Browser War The New York Times ad for Firefox has become a cause celebre sight unseen. It #39;s part pat-on-the-back souvenir for Firefox fans, part anti-Microsoft clarion call and part reality check 
Zoo nixes request to send aging elephants to sanctuary The American Zoo and Aquarium Association on Thursday denied Detroit Zoo director Ron Kagan #39;s final appeal to send the two aging, arthritic elephants to one of two US sanctuaries where they could roam hundreds of acres.
Bomber Targets Baghdad Police, Troops Raid Mosque (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide car bomber attacked a police\convoy in Baghdad on Friday as guerrillas kept pressure on\Iraq's U.S.-backed security forces despite a bloody rout of\insurgents in the Sunni Muslim bastion of Falluja.
Trevor and Rory fight back Seville, Spain - England #39;s Ryder Cup stars Paul Casey and Luke Donald produced a classic display of team golf over the Royal Seville Golf Course on Friday to forge a five-stroke lead in the World Cup at the halfway stage.
Tiger Takes A Stand On Ryder Cup Politics Tiger is upset that his buddy Mark O #39;Meara got passed over as 2006 Ryder Cup captain. Instead, PGA America picked Tom Lehman. Woods says that Lehman is a good choice but would be a good choice four years from 
England-South Africa pits World Cup winner versus Tri-Nations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The last time England faced South Africa at Twickenham, the English were on the climb and the Springboks were on a steep slide. The result two years ago was a 53-3 thrashing for the South Africans.
Will SEC tee off on Spurrier? Ah, the life of Steve Spurrier. From all indications, he #39;s headed to the University of South Carolina, which will allow him to pursue victories and birdies, not necessarily in that order.
Comeback not enough To say the Sixers had trouble scoring in the first quarter Thursday is like saying a fish has trouble surviving out of water. Of their first 16 shots, the Sixers missed exactly 16.
Sharon eases conditions to restart peace talks JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has indicated he is dropping a demand that Palestinians crack down on militant groups before he will resume peace talks.
Bush to press APEC leaders on N. Korea North Korea #39;s nuclear aspirations, allies #39; worries about the US budget deficit and hopes for global trade deals will be on the agenda this weekend as President Bush attends 
Arsenal Gets Back to Winning Ways (AP) AP - Arsenal won for the first time in five games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0 in the Premier League.
Mel #39;s Sirius Decision Former Viacom (NYSE: VIA) Chief Operating Officer Mel Karmazin being named CEO at Sirius Satellite Radio (Nasdaq: SIRI) shouldn #39;t have come as much of a surprise.
Hollinger International gets cash from CanWest deal Hollinger International Inc. (HLR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday that it received cash proceeds of about \$49.1 million on a transaction with CanWest Global Communications Corp.
Electronic Eye Devised to Help Blind Cross Roads An  quot;electronic eye quot; that can be fitted to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more safely, scientists said on Friday.
Rooney apologises for Madrid display MADRID, Nov19 (SW) - A display categorised as Thuggish by some pundits led to England star Wayne Rooney apologising to head coach Sven-Goran Eriksson after Wednesdays 1-0 defeat in Madrid.
Novo wins appeal of red card Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers striker Nacho Novo won his appeal against a red card Friday and will be eligible to play in the Old Firm derby on Saturday.
Afghan opium cultivation area increased by 64 percent: UN : New York, Nov 19 : In a highly disturbing development, the area under opium cultivation in Afghanistan increased by 64 percent this year, giving the country the dubious distinction of establishing a new record in its cultivation and becoming the largest 
Greenspan Rate Warning Spooks Treasuries (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries prices skidded lower\on Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said\investors should be hedged for higher interest rates.
Japanese Officials Assure Recovery (AP) AP - Japanese financial officials tried to play down worries Friday that a planned revision in calculating growth may show the economy shrank instead of grew slightly in the quarter ended Sept. 30.
Dow, S P 500, Nasdaq All Drop 1 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Friday, led by  pharmaceutical shares after a U.S. health official raised  concerns about drug safety and a drop in chip-equipment makers  following a ratings downgrade by Goldman Sachs.
Greenspan Rate Warning Spooks Treasuries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices skidded lower  on Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said  investors should be hedged for higher interest rates.
Sri Lankan budget eyes brothel gains Sri Lanka's 2005 budget measures include a massive increase in the fine for running a brothel.
Phil Knight to resign as CEO of Nike Worldwide athletic-goods giant Nike, Inc. announced Thursday that University alumnus and current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Philip H. Knight will step down as CEO, effective Dec. 28.
Greenspan sceptical about central bank intervention, warns on US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FRANKFURT, Nov 19 (AFP) - US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan deflated European hopes Friday for coordinated central bank intervention to check the record-setting pace of the euro.
Nvidia Cross-Licensing Deal Positive For Intel Standard and Poor #39;s Equity Research reiterated a  quot;hold quot; rating and \$27 target price on Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ). The research firm said the chipmaker #39;s deal with Nvidia (nasdaq: NVDA - news - people 
Pay-Per-Channel TV Would Cost Viewers More -- FCC Most US households would face higher television bills if they only paid for the channels they wanted to watch, US regulators told Congress in a report released on Friday.
Tennis star Andre Agassi wins appeal, will avoid British taxman Andre Agassi won #39;t have to pay British taxes on endorsement money earned while playing in England. A three-judge panel upheld the American tennis star #39;s appeal Friday, overturning a High Court ruling in March.
JM Smucker Disappoints, Sales Flat JM Smucker Co. (SJM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted an 18.5 percent rise in quarterly profit, but its shares fell as much as 5 percent as sales were nearly flat excluding an acquisition.
Spamming the Big Fish Bill Gates may be the most-spammed person in the world. The Microsoft chairman receives about four million e-mails a day, most of them spam, according to Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer.
Microsoft raises FUD over patents Microsoft has responded to our story yesterday about it threatening Asian governments that, if they choose Linux, they may get sued - possibly by one of the holders of the  quot;more 
Bones of Possible Missing Link Unearthed in Spain Scientists believe they may have found the remains of an extinct species of ape that would be the last common ancestor humans shared with chimpanzees, gorillas and other primates during a dig in Spain.
 #39;Electronic eye #39; helps blind across the road An electronic  quot;artificial eye quot;, developed for people with impaired vision, has been shown to reliably identify pedestrian crossings, determine when it is safe to walk across and even measure the width of a road.
State news of national interest GERMANTOWN, Md. - An analyst at Cellmark #39;s DNA testing laboratory was fired for allegedly falsifying data. Cellmark, the world #39;s largest private DNA testing firm, says the falsification occurred in only 
Apple To Open London Store its 99th retail outlet and the first in Europe -- to sell Macintosh computers and the popular iPod music players. The opening follows close on the 
Honda to take stake in BAR-Honda F1 team Honda Motor Co. will own a stake in BAR-Honda for the first time since the Japanese automaker rejoined Formula One racing in 2000.
Favre, Tice can #39;t help but admire their NFC North enemies His teammates charged onto the Lambeau Field grass like high school kids who #39;d just captured a state championship, basking in the glory of Ryan Longwell #39;s game-ending 33-yard field goal.
Around the CFL: The Argos are all business Head coach Mike  quot;Pinball quot; Clemons and the Toronto Argonauts are all business this week heading into Sunday #39;s Grey Cup matchup against British Columbia at Frank Clair Stadium.
Winky:  #39;I #39;m going to dominate Shane #39; At this time last year, Winky Wright was just another anonymous belt-holder. Despite having the IBF junior middleweight trinket, he was on the outside looking in at all the other big fights taking place around him.
2004 Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit - Chile In this edition of Perspective, we #39;ll take a look at some of the issues at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation or APEC Summit in Chile.
FCC Updates Congress on Cable TV Prices Letting cable TV subscribers pay for only the channels they want won't reduce the cost for most, federal regulators told Congress in a report released Friday. Consumer groups immediately attacked the study as flawed.
Battered Wife Wins Suit Against Md. Matchmaker Bethesda-based company didn't screen clients properly or help when she reported abuse, Ukrainian woman alleged.
The Fool's Look Ahead It will be a short trading week, but that is probably the best reason to take a long, hard look at some of the companies that will be in the news.
Greenspan sceptical about central bank intervention on forex markets (AFP) AFP - US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan appeared to be sceptical about the efficacy of any central bank intervention to prop up the dollar.
Movie Gallery Bids for Hollywood Video (Reuters) Reuters - Movie Gallery Inc.  on Friday\offered to buy rival movie rental chain Hollywood Entertainment\Corp.  for an undisclosed sum, one week after industry\leader Blockbuster Inc.  bid about  #36;700 million for\Hollywood.
Worm salutes Microsoft After a relatively quiet fall, mass-mailing worm begins to spread on Windows PCs. Meanwhile, the Air Force turns to Microsoft for security help.
Sober worm variant shimmies New version of mass-mailing worm promises German speakers pictures of a naked go-go dancer seeking employment.
AstraZeneca Shares Fall on Crestor Worry  LONDON (Reuters) - Shares in AstraZeneca Plc fell as much  as 10 percent on Friday after regulators in the United States  and Europe raised safety concerns about the Anglo-Swedish drug  maker's anti-cholesterol treatment Crestor.
Movie Gallery Bids for Hollywood Video  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Movie Gallery Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOVI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOVI.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  offered to buy rival movie rental chain Hollywood Entertainment  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLYW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLYW.O&lt;/A&gt; for an undisclosed sum, one week after industry  leader Blockbuster Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBI.N&lt;/A&gt; bid about \$700 million for  Hollywood.
J.M. Smucker Disappoints, Sales Flat  CHICAGO (Reuters) - J.M. Smucker Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SJM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SJM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  posted an 18.5 percent rise in quarterly profit, but its shares  fell as much as 5 percent as sales were nearly flat excluding  an acquisition.
Pressure mounts on EDS over U.K. government IT system grows LONDON -- After continuous computer failures forced the top civil servant of the U.K.'s Department of Work and Pensions' Child Support Agency (CSA) to step down from his job this week, the government is considering scrapping a welfare case management and telephony system developed in large part by Electronic Data Systems (EDS).
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Greenspan warns appetite for dollar to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In FRANKFURT story headlined  quot;UPDATE 2-Greenspan warns appetite for dollar to dwindle quot; please read in paragraph 13 ... said Jason Bonanca ... instead of ... said Jason Bonaca ... (adds dropped letter). FRANKFURT 
Oil soars back near \$48 NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices soared Friday as worries about heating fuel supplies and technical trading factors pushed prices sharply higher.
Stocks step back NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Stocks edged lower early Friday with some lingering weakness in the tech sector, weakness in the dollar and higher oil prices in the background.. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite (up 
EMI upbeat on music business A WEAK dollar and a lack of major album releases saw music giant EMI #39;s sales slide again in the past six months. But chairman Eric Nicoli sang an uncharacteristically upbeat tune today when he said sales in 
Morning business news TIMES STILL TOUGH FOR WATERFORD - Waterford Wedgwood has issued interim results for the six months to the end of September. Conditions remain tough for the group.
Bill Gates sees spam  quot;under control quot; in two years MADRID, Nov 19 (AFP) - Spam, the junk mail that clogs the in-box of hundreds of millions of e-mail users, could become a thing of the past in around two years time, Microsoft chairman Bill Gates said on a visit to Madrid on Friday.
Recording Cos. Sue 761 for Music Swapping LOS ANGELES Nov 19, 2004 - The recording industry has filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users, the latest round of litigation in the record companies #39; effort to stamp out unauthorized trading of music online.
Microsoft renews Yahoo! ad contract Microsoft Corp has renewed its deal with Overture Services Inc, owned by rival Yahoo! Inc for another year until June 2006, the companies have announced.
NASA sets Swift launch for Saturday Swift #39;s new launch date is Saturday, if NASA, Boeing and the Air Force can replace and test components of the rocket in time. The gamma-ray observatory #39;s 
Md. DNA lab fires analyst GERMANTOWN, Md. -- The world #39;s largest private DNA testing firm has fired an analyst for allegedly falsifying test data. Officials with Orchid Cellmark - with labs in Maryland, Texas, Tennessee and Britain 
DoCoMo taps up Linux and Symbian for common aim DoCoMo has tapped up handset vendors to create the platform, which works with both Linux and Symbian phones, working with NEC and Panasonic on the former and Fujitsu on the latter.
England leads at World Cup of Golf Englishmen Paul Casey and Luke Donald surged to a five-stroke lead in the second round of the team World Cup, shooting an 8-under-par 64 on Friday for a two-round total of 19-under 125.
UN adopts resolution on Sudan, slammed by aid agencies as 'weak' (AFP) AFP - The Khartoum government and rebels pledged to sign a final accord ending a two-decade war in southern Sudan by the end of the year, as the UN Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution pushing for peace in the war-ravaged country.
U.S. Commander: N. Korea May Sell Nukes (AP) AP - Impoverished North Korea might resort to selling weapons-grade plutonium to terrorists for much-needed cash, and that would be "disastrous for the world," the top U.S. military commander in South Korea said Friday.
Stocks narrowly mixed.. The Dow Jones industrial average is up 32 points. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange hold an eight-to-seven lead over advancers.
Palestinians cool to apparent softening by Sharon Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apparently has softened his stance that Palestinians must crack down on militants before he will restart peace talks, but Palestinian leaders on Friday said Sharon should go further and drop all 
AFGHAN OPIUM GROWING UP TWO THIRDS Opium cultivation in Afghanistan leapt by two-thirds this year, according to a new UN report that warns the countrys economy could be forced to rely on poppy growing largely wiped out under the hardline Taliban militia.
Sharon 'eases' talks conditions Israeli PM Ariel Sharon appears to have eased his preconditions for resuming talks with the Palestinians.
Voq Pro smart phone &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; review&lt;/strong&gt; A great idea - just a year too late?
Casey, Donald Five Ahead at World Cup (AP) AP - Englishmen Paul Casey and Luke Donald surged to a five-stroke lead in the second round of the team World Cup on Friday after shooting an 8-under-par 64.
Serbia seeks support for budget Serbia's government seeks support from parliament for its 2005 budget, which includes tax breaks, more welfare benefits and a "modest" deficit.
Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Friday signed into\law a measure authorizing an  #36;800 billion increase in the\credit limit of the United States, the White House said.
BT launches mobile phone service BT launches a new mobile phone service, three years after spinning-off its MM02 subsidiary.
The Perfect Business To determine how good a company is, it helps to consider the characteristics of the perfect business.
Russia Advances Plans to Break Up Yukos Russia moved ahead Friday with plans to break up the country #39;s largest oil producer over unpaid back tax bills, announcing it would auction off a majority stake in the main production unit of oil giant OAO Yukos next month.
Crematory to Draw Guilty Plea Nearly three years after grabbing international headlines, the grisly Tri-State Crematory case creeps closer to its end Friday morning.
Recording Cos. Sue 761 for Music Swapping (AP) AP - The recording industry has filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users, the latest round of litigation in the record companies' effort to stamp out unauthorized trading of music online.
Chirac tries to ease Franco-British tensions over Iraq (AFP) AFP - Visiting French President Jacques Chirac hailed "a very strong historical link" between London and Paris, while arguing his case for a multipolar and interdependent world.
Bill Gates Gets 4 Million Spams A Day Junk e-mail, more commonly know as spam, clogs inboxes world wide, and wastes millions in thus far vain attempt to curb nuisance. It is likely that no one 
Spanish FA sorry for racist taunts LONDON, England -- The English FA has received a letter of apology from the Spanish FA after fans racially abused England players during Wednesday #39;s match in Madrid.
It was a mutual decision insists Richards Talking in a teleconference this afternoon, David Richards insisted that the ending of the  quot;consultancy contract quot; between BAR and Prodive, and his subsequent departure from the team, was a mutual decision.
Quieroz defends under-fire Rooney REDS coach Carlos Quieroz believes Wayne Rooney has received an excessive amount of criticism due to being a Manchester United player.
Raptors shipping Carter to Blazers: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Talk of a trade between the Toronto Raptors and the Portland Trail Blazers involving marquee players Vince Carter and Shareef Abdur-Rahim is  quot;more than just a rumour, quot; says a source close to the Trail Blazers.
US team to search for remains of 2,000 soldiers in North Korea (AFP) AFP - North Korea has agreed to allow US investigators to search for the remains of more than 2,000 members of the US armed forces missing in action from the Korean War, US officials said.
No. 19 Pitt QB Palco Throws 5 TDs in Win (AP) AP - Tyler Palko threw for a career-high 411 yards and five touchdowns in three quarters Saturday, helping No. 19 Pittsburgh rout South Florida 43-14 and virtually assure the Panthers the Big East spot in the Bowl Championship Series.
Agency: Less Than 30 Chinese Tigers Left in Wild (Reuters) Reuters - South China tigers, among the rarest of\the five remaining tiger subspecies, are on the verge of\extinction in the wild with less than 30 remaining, Xinhua news\agency said on Friday, citing a recent survey.
US envoy tells Ukraine leaders to hold fair vote (AFP) AFP - A top US senator met outgoing Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma to urge him to ensure a fair presidential election at the weekend, amid opposition warnings of massive vote-rigging to ensure victory for Kuchma's protege.
Imagine That! Star Patterns to Ponder (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - In our current evening sky \  we have one of the earliest soap-operalike stories, with two independent plots \  becoming intertwined into one. Perhaps we could call it the celestial version \  of  quot;All My Children. quot;
Quantum Astronomy: The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - This is the second article in a series of four articles each with a separate explanation of different quantum phenomena. Each article is a piece of a mosaic, so every one is needed to understand the final explanation of the quantum astronomy experiment we propose, possibly using the Allen Array Telescope and the narrow-band radio-wave detectors being build by the SETI Institute and the University of California, Berkeley.
Bomb Kills Veneuelan Prosecutor A car bomb killed a top Venezuelan prosecutor investigating opponents of President Hugo Chavez who were accused of backing a 2002 coup attempt against the leftist leader, officials said Friday.
Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor Leading Coup Probe &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Patrick Markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A car bomb killed a topVenezuelan prosecutor investigating opponents of President HugoChavez who were accused of backing a 2002 coup attempt againstthe leftist leader, officials said on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;
No. 9 N.C. Holds Off No. 8 Kentucky 91-78 (AP) AP - North Carolina finally beat Kentucky again, thanks to Rashad McCants and Sean May. Jawad Williams helped a bunch, too.
Putting Linux on notice roundup Large-scale Linux users could find themselves in a costly patent pickle, warns Steve Ballmer.
Sober worm causes headaches After a fairly quiet fall, mass-mailing worm starts to spread on Windows PCs. Plus: Air Force turns to Microsoft for security help.
Nintendo aims for older crowd with DS Video game giant will be moving past Pokemon pack when it launches the DS on Sunday. \
Dollar Plunges on Greenspan Comments The dollar sank across the board, dropping to multiyear lows against the yen and the euro on Friday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said demand for US 
KMG Chemicals Stock Soars on 1Q Earnings KMG Chemicals Inc. ended the week on a strong note as its stock surged some 130 percent after the pesticide maker handed Wall Street fiscal first-quarter profit that more than doubled from last year.
Novell Shares Slide on Missed Estimates Novell Inc. shares slid Friday after the Linux software vendor swung to a fourth-quarter profit but still didn #39;t meet analyst expectations during a period one Wall Street bank called disappointing.
Asia-Pac a key software market: Ballmer MICROSOFT chief executive officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday stressed the importance of the Asia-Pacific region to the world #39;s top software maker when he was addressing 
Nintendo aims for older crowd with DS Nintendo is after a new kind of customer, and this time the Japanese game giant doesn #39;t have Pokemon to back it up. The company #39;s new DS, an advanced handheld player meant to expand a market Nintendo already 
Peruse most any cookbook, I suppose, and eventually you #39;ll stumble &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Make sandwich out of ingredients. Heat in skillet until browned image of Virgin Mary mysteriously appears. Let cool in clear plastic box with cotton balls for a decade, or until desired cheese consistency.
Wolverines should ride Hart and hope to establish early lead It was tailback Chris Perry #39;s 15-yard touchdown run in the final quarter last year that clinched Michigan #39;s victory over Ohio State and helped send the Wolverines to the Rose Bowl.
Nephew leaves Gaza for France to receive Arafat #39;s death report Nasser al-Qedwa, Palestinian delegate to the United Nations and a nephew of late leader Yasser Arafat,left here for France on Friday to receive Arafat #39;s death report,the Arabic-language Radio Sawa reported.
Troops storm Baghdad mosque storm the Hanifa mosque. Witnesses said worshippers threw shoes at the troops -- a grave insult in Islam -- and soldiers. forces despite a bloody rout of insurgents in the Sunni Muslim bastion of Falluja.
Oracle, PeopleSoft prepared for midnight offer deadline The Friday midnight expiration for Oracle's tender offer to PeopleSoft's shareholders for control of the company will either end the software rivals' bitter, 17-month battle or increase its ferocity.
Suicide Bomber Kills 8 Iraqi Police Officers A suicide bomber rammed a minibus packed with explosives into a police station near Baghdad's protected Green Zone on Saturday morning.
Takers Line Up To Buy Hollywood Video Stores FORT WORTH, Texas -- The Movie Gallery video rental chain said Friday it #39;s offered to acquire video rental rival Hollywood Entertainment.
Apollo to buy Goodman Global for \$1.43B HOUSTON -- Investment firm Apollo Management LP said it agreed to acquire Goodman Global Holdings Inc., a maker of air conditioners and heating equipment, for \$1.43 billion.
Stocks Open Higher After CPI, HP Earnings US stocks opened higher on Wednesday after news that core inflation rose only slightly more than expected last month. Strong earnings from computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co.
Cable television a la carte S outheast Portland resident Jerry Lindquist enjoys watching automotive programs, educational channels and TV shows on popular science.
Hibbett 3Q Profit Rises to \$6.3 Million Athletic retailer Hibbett Sporting Goods Inc. said Thursday that profit rose 17 percent in the fiscal third quarter on high sales of footwear and team equipment.
Intel lays deeper Indian foundations Chipmaker Intel will spend \$40m to expand in the southern Indian city of Bangalore over the next two years. Intel Chief Executive Craig Barrett on Friday laid the foundation of a new Intel building in Bangalore 
Humans Ran Into Evolution Walking upright has long been accepted as one of the fundamental abilities that separated early human ancestors apart from their ape cousins.
Ballmer Warns Asian Officials of Linux Suits Microsoft has warned Asian governments that they may face lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of Windows. Speaking to government officials in Singapore Thursday as part of a five-day visit 
Alert: New Sober Variant A new variant of the Sober worm is rapidly spreading via e-mail. Visit the Virus Threat Center for breaking news and the latest alerts.
DoCoMo standardizes on Symbian OS, and on Linux The Japanese carrier will be standardizing on Symbian for their 3G mobile phone platform, and they will ship 3G phones based on Linux.
Half-Life 2 users bitten by bugs Several Half-Life 2 users who finally got the long-delayed game into their hands yesterday got exactly what they didn #39;t want--more delays.
Man indicted in eBay fraud A San Lorenzo man defrauded eBay users of thousands of dollars in auctions for rare Mickey Mantle and Michael Jordan sports cards, according to a federal grand jury indictment handed up Wednesday in San Jose.
Duo boost England hopes Luke Donald and Paul Casey took a giant stride towards what would be only the second-ever victory for England in golf #39;s World Cup.
Iordanescu resigns as Romania coach Romania, depleted by injuries and suspensions, lost top spot in Group One after a 1-1 draw in Yerevan which handed Armenia their first point in five matches.
Racism on trial in La Liga The behaviour of Barcelona fans at Saturday #39;s game against archrivals Real Madrid will be in sharp focus after Spanish football fans covered themselves in shame with their racist chanting against the black England players on Wednesday.
Bush to name choice to lead Education Dept. WASHINGTON -- President Bush today will nominate Margaret Spellings, his chief domestic policy adviser, as secretary of education -- making her the third senior White House staff member selected to lead a key agency in his second term -- senior 
Prince Charles right or wrong? The Education Secretary Charles Clarke criticised Prince Charles as  quot;old-fashioned quot; after he said the  quot;learning culture quot; gave people hope beyond their capabilities.
Powell States Preference for Diplomacy (AP) AP - In a candid interview with his time in office running out, Secretary of State Colin Powell is acknowledging differences with others in the Bush administration and suggesting that the disputes centered on his preference for diplomacy over force to resolve problems.
Israel probes body abuse claims The Israeli army says it is investigating newspaper claims of the abuse of dead Palestinians by its soldiers.
Revelations Only Confirm Suspicions About Drugs Only the nave or willfully ignorant seem not to understand that drug use has been widespread for many years in elite sport. The
Dow, S P, Nasdaq All Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Friday, led by  pharmaceutical shares after a U.S. health official raised  concerns about drug safety and a drop in chip-equipment makers  following a ratings downgrade by Goldman Sachs.
Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday signed into  law a measure authorizing an \$800 billion increase in the  credit limit of the United States, the White House said.
Judge Will Mull Voiding UAL Union Deals  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A federal bankruptcy judge agreed on  Friday to consider a motion by United Airlines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; to  cancel its union contracts to save \$725 million annually.
A Hot Prospect for Hidden Gems Though I #39;ve spent a good portion of my life living in the Southeast, I didn #39;t stumble upon Hibbett Sporting Goods (Nasdaq: HIBB) in real life.
FDA Clears Genentech #39;s Tarceva For Lung Cancer On Thursday, biotechnology companies Genentech Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. said US regulators have approved their drug Tarceva for treating the most common form of lung cancer.
Rocket Maker, Rule Breaker? SpaceDev does things that the big boys can't afford to do. Unfortunately, that includes losing money for a long time.
Casual Male's Uphill Climb Casual Male caters to a big clientele but has to overcome a hefty debt load.
Electronics Boutique Quintuples Earnings Video game retailer posts strong results leading into holiday quarter.
"Brain" in Dish Flies Simulated Fighter Jet Scientists have grown a "brain" in a petri dish that can fly a simulated F-22 fighter airplane. It's all part of a quest to build "living" computers.
"National Treasure": Freemasons, Fact, and Fiction &lt;I&gt;National Treasure,&lt;/I&gt; the new Nicolas Cage movie, plays to the public's fascination with conspiracy theories and secret societies like the Freemasons. So how true is it?
Luxury and Conservation at Dubai's Desert Haven A new nature preserve and resort in Dubai has set aside 4.8 percent of the desert emirate's total landmass for conservation.
Ancient Ape Discovered: Last Ape-Human Ancestor? In Spain scientists have discovered 13-million-year-old fossils of a new species of ape. The species may have been the last common ancestor of humans and all great apes living today. &lt;b&gt;Includes photo gallery.&lt;/b&gt;
FDA expert accuses agency over Vioxx The US is virtually defenceless against another scandal such as Vioxx, senators investigating Mercks withdrawal of its popular painkiller were told yesterday.
Russia set to auction off oil giant to recoup unpaid taxes Russian oil giant OAO NK Yukos has finally run out of options after a prolonged attempt to stave off bankruptcy that culminated earlier this week in a government raid on its offices.
Nvidia to put more force behind Intel processors Graphics chip maker Nvidia on Friday made public plans to create a version of its nForce chipset for Intel processor PCs. That #39;s something Nvidia couldn #39;t legally do in the past, but can now, thanks to a broad patent swap with Intel.
Web shoppers open their wallets wider Web sites racked up \$17.6 billion in retail sales in the third quarter, according to estimates released Friday by the US Commerce Department.
Judge to Mull UAL Bid to Void Labor Pacts A federal bankruptcy judge on Friday agreed to consider a motion by United Airlines to cancel its union contracts to save \$725 million annually.
Flights Grounded During Italian Controller Strike Hundreds of flights were canceled and many others delayed on Friday due to a four-hour air traffic controllers #39; strike in Italy, when unions protested against plans to centralize control of central Europe #39;s upper-airspace.
Congress Reapproves Internet Access Tax Ban The US Congress on Friday reinstated a ban on Internet access taxes after the House of Representatives agreed to extend it for another three years rather than make it permanent.
Electronics Boutique Quintuples Earnings No, that #39;s not a typo. After the bell yesterday, Electronics Boutique (Nasdaq: ELBO) reported that earnings had increased fivefold to \$7.3 million, or \$0.30 per share, beating analysts #39; estimates by a penny.
GM hasn #39;t yet ruled out using Stelco steel in  #39;05 General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it may not dump Stelco Inc. (STEa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) as a supplier even though Canada #39;s 
Supermarket chain Loblaw #39;s profit up 18 at \$258M with merchandise &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Cost-cutting and a further shift toward higher-margin general merchandise in new stores helped Loblaw Cos. Ltd. grow its quarterly profit by 18 per cent, executives at Canada #39;s biggest supermarket chain said Friday.
Novell revenue up as SUSE investment shows promise Networking and Linux vendor Novell reported a profit of \$57.1 million for fiscal 2004 and said its Linux offerings are allowing the company to reach new customers.
Chicago Bears Winning With Defense (AP) AP - Messages and cards came from all over, congratulating defensive end Michael Haynes on his rare touchdown. When Haynes stuck up his hand and deflected a pass to himself before rumbling 45 yards for a Chicago Bears score last week, he did more than point his team to victory at Tennessee.
al-Qaida Hunt Achieved Limited Success (AP) AP - The two suspected masterminds of the Istanbul suicide bombings are at large a year after the blasts in a scenario that's being played out around the world: police quickly make arrests, but often struggle for years to catch the organizers of terror attacks.
Ballmer on Linux, part II Initial coverage of Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s comments during an event in Singapore yesterday left the folks back at headquarters in Redmond trying to clarify things and put them in context.
Hotmail Upgrade Finally Starts As the mailbox storage space rivalry continues, Hotmail has now begun upgrading the email account of its users. According to reports the upgrade will be in a phased manner, beginning from the United States and Europe, and later moving on to other regions.
Fast-Spreading Sober Worm Up In Europe, Heading To US A new Sober worm began spreading early Friday morning in Europe and quickly gained enough traction worldwide that security companies scrambled to warn users and produce new signatures to deflect the attack.
Google sees benefits in corporate blogging Google has seen many benefits from its internal Web log system and may consider providing blogging tools and expertise to corporate clients, a company executive said.
Agassi Wins Appeal Against British Tax Ruling Former world number one tennis player Andre Agassi has won his appeal against a High Court ruling that athletes and other professional entertainers are liable to tax on sponsors #39; payments while working in Britain.
SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down a key Mountain West showdown Utes coach Urban Meyer is one of the hottest offensive minds in the nation and Utah will run wild formations with misdirection and trick plays.
Iordanescu steps down as Romania coach Bucharest, Romania (Sports Network) - Anghel Iordanescu resigned as coach of Romania Friday following Wednesday #39;s disappointing 1-1 World Cup qualifying draw with Armenia.
IBM, Fla. university look to autonomic computing research IBM will supply Florida International University with hardware and software so the university can do research on how technology can be used to better protect patient privacy and reduce waiting room time.
California employee pension fund tenders PeopleSoft shares to Oracle The California Employees' Retirement System voted Wednesday to tender its 1.5 million PeopleSoft shares to Oracle, giving the hostile suitor a boost in the final days of its takeover bid.
Source of Powell #39;s Iran intelligence under scrutiny The source of intelligence used this week by US Secretary of State Colin Powell to suggest Iran is working on a nuclear weapons program may not be reliable, knowledgeable sources told CNN Friday.
Santiago march turns violent Santiago - Chilean anti-riot police fired water-cannon and tear gas on Friday at bands of stone-throwing protesters in a massive rally against a major Asia-Pacific summit.
MS strategy pushes it to cross-platform support COPENHAGEN - Microsoft Corp. wrapped up its IT Forum in Copenhagen this week by singing the praises of new management tools that are part of a long-term vision for reducing IT complexity. But behind its more vocal announcements there emerged another significant tune, one that suggested that the software maker will have to be more willing to play with platforms from other companies in order to deliver its new strategy.
Yukos Unit To Be Auctioned Off Next Month The heart of the Yukos oil empire will be auctioned by the government next month for what could be a bargain price to pay back a mounting multibillion-dollar tax bill  --  a dramatic finale to a relentless 18-month official probe that could destroy Russia's largest oil producer. A top Yukos manager slammed the plans as "government-organized theft."
Ukraine's Face Is Mirrored in a Candidate Many Ukrainians believe that Viktor A. Yushchenko is their best hope for changing Soviet-style governance.
Icahn, Group Offers to Buy Mylan Labs Veteran financier Carl Icahn said he and a group of investors are willing to buy Mylan Laboratories Inc. for \$20 per share, according to a Friday filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
New Orleans Lineman Has Unique Motivation (AP) AP - New Orleans Saints defensive end Charles Grant has a unique way of preparing for games. He imagines the players that line up across from him are the men who beat his mother over the years, the employers who took advantage of her or the people who ran out on her.
Greenspan: Appetite for Dollar Will Wane (Reuters) Reuters - Investors' appetite for U.S. assets\will eventually dwindle and the United States must reduce its\budget deficit to prevent major economic damage, Federal\Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday, in remarks that\hit the dollar hard.
Experts Fear Medicare Won't Work for Nursing Home Patients Many cannot easily shop around for the best bargains on their drugs, as other Medicare beneficiaries are supposed to do.
Greenspan: Appetite for Dollar Will Wane  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Investors' appetite for U.S. assets  will eventually dwindle and the United States must reduce its  budget deficit to prevent major economic damage, Federal  Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday, in remarks that  hit the dollar hard.
Stocks Tumble; Greenspan Jolts Investors  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell sharply on Friday as  investors were jolted by a \$2 jump in oil prices and a warning  from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan that the dollar  had further to fall.
Greenspan Warns, Treasuries Recoil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slid on Friday  after Fed chief Alan Greenspan spooked investors with an  unusually direct reminder that interest rates were bound to  move higher.
Judge to Mull UAL Bid to Void Labor Pacts  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A federal bankruptcy judge on Friday  agreed to consider a motion by United Airlines to cancel its  union contracts to save \$725 million annually.
Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  won the backing of another key public pension fund in its  \$8.8-billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; as the  17-month takeover battle between the two California-based  business software makers neared a key deadline.
Italian budget airline grounded Volare, Italy's first budget airline, cancels all flights and ticket sales indefinitely amid reports of a financial crisis.
Holiday travel may bring little cheer A POTENTIAL flight attendants #39; strike and record crowds at the nation #39;s airports could combine to make travel the most cheerless aspect of this holiday season.
3Q e-commerce sales rise 4.7 Retail sales over the Internet rose 4.7 percent in the third quarter and gained 21.5 percent compared with the same period last year as consumers continued to turn to e-commerce for shopping, a government report showed Friday.
CanWest debt shuffle provides US\$133.6M in cash to Hollinger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A debt refinancing by CanWest Global Communications Corp. has cut its future interest costs while paying \$133.6 million US to Hollinger International Inc.
Gators Try to Break Drought at FSU (AP) AP - Florida coach Ron Zook has one final chance to do something even Steve Spurrier couldn't do as Top Gator  #151; win at Florida State. When the Gators play No. 10 Florida State on Saturday, they will try to break an 18-year winless streak at Doak Campbell Stadium in Zook's final regular-season game.
Oklahoma Could Get Blowout It Needs (AP) AP - Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops could get the blowout victory his Sooners need Saturday without any regrettable decisions. No. 2 Oklahoma has never lost to Baylor, winning the last five years by an average margin of 38 points. They will need to do that  #151; and maybe more  #151; to make a good impression on the poll voters.
Apple to open first European retail store in London LONDON (AFP) - Apple is to open its first retail store in Europe on Saturday, a state-of-the-art boutique in central London selling the latest products from the US computer and technology group.
Solaris 10 Supports High-Volume 64-Bit Computing Santa Clara, CA; November 22, 2004 -- Sun Microsystems and AMD are celebrating the one-year anniversary of their strategic partnership.
Kim portraits still in place, North Korea says BEIJING - North Korea has denied reports that portraits of leader Kim Jong Il have been disappearing from public places in the capital, Pyongyang.
Chinese leader says economy to grow about 9.0 percent in 2004 (AFP) AFP - Chinese President Hu Jintao said the booming economy in China would grow by "around 9.0 percent" this year as controls implemented to slow overheated sectors of the economy took effect.
Street protests greet Apec summit Police and protesters clash in the Chilean capital, Santiago, ahead of a meeting of the Apec regional organisation.
House G.O.P. Leader Hails Ethics Panel's Rebuke of His Accuser Tom DeLay of Texas claimed vindication today after it was disclosed that one of his accusers had been found to have stretched the facts.
Judge could kill United union contract US bankruptcy judge agrees to consider airline #39;s motion to cancel pact, save \$725 million a year. CHICAGO (Reuters) - A federal bankruptcy judge agreed Friday to consider a motion by United Airlines to cancel 
Howard Stern and Sirius Pull Off Major Publicity Stunt About 1,000 people and a media circus flocked to Manhattan #39;s Union Square Thursday where Howard Stern and Sirius Satellite Radio gave away 500 free satellite radios, one-year subscriptions and vouchers for a free radio with a \$142 subscription to Sirius.
House approves extension of ban on taxing the Internet The House has given final congressional approval to a bill that bans state and local governments from taxing Internet connections for the next three years.
FDA approves new lung cancer drug The US Food and Drug Administration Friday said it had approved Tarceva (erlotinib) tablets for patients with metastatic lung cancer.
Fed #39;s Stern sees solid growth, low inflation The US economy is resilient over time and growth is likely to remain in the 3-4 percent range, Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Gary Stern said on Friday.
College Students Feel Sting of RIAA Lawsuits The RIAA continued its hard-line approach to music sharing with a round of copyright infringement lawsuits targeting 761 alleged illegal file sharers.
US Plans Would Defer Roan Plateau Drilling The US Bureau of Land Management said on Friday its preferred plan for the rim of the Roan Plateau in western Colorado is to defer oil and natural gas drilling until 80 percent of anticipated wells are drilled below the rim.
MSN, Yahoo Deal Extended Microsoft #39;s MSN Web portal has extended its contract with Overture, a division of Yahoo that provides sponsored search results.
Microsoft Hotmail Ups Storage Space For New Users Microsoft finally made good on a five months #39;-old promise Thursday by upping the storage allowance for new members of its Hotmail e-mail service.
Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Friday\won the backing of another key public pension fund in its\ #36;8.8-billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc.  as the\17-month takeover battle between the two California-based\business software makers neared a key deadline.
FDA Official Defends Drug Safety Record A top official of the US Food and Drug Administration said Friday that he and his colleagues  quot;categorically reject quot; earlier Congressional testimony that the agency has failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs.
Icahn Offers to Buy Mylan Laboratories for \$5.38 Bln (Update2) Billionaire financier Carl Icahn offered to buy Mylan Laboratories Inc., the largest US maker of generic medicines, for about \$5.38 billion to block Mylan #39;s proposed purchase of King Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Georgia crematory operator pleads guilty to dumping more than 300 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former crematory operator Ray Brent Marsh pleaded guilty Friday to dumping 334 bodies and giving the families of the deceased cement dust instead of ashes.
Let the Handheld Games Begin It #39;s the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. But the latest duel between wise old master Nintendo and challenger Sony is not taking place on a TV screen.
Play : Half-Life 2 will take over your life THANK God for Valve Softwares Kellie Cosner, who gave me a complimentary edition of one of the most anticipated games of all time, Half-Life 2. Kellie, whom I previously corresponded with 
Steelers Surprising Everyone but Cowher (AP) AP - Days after the Steelers wrapped up a 6-10 season that matched the worst record in his 12 years on the job, coach Bill Cowher said in January his team wasn't that far from contending again.
Stars endorse London #39;s 2012 Olympic Games LONDON - From David Beckham to Roger Moore to Tony Blair, London is rolling out the big names to promote its campaign for the 2012 Olympics.
Rapids fire GM Denver, CO (Sports Network) - The Colorado Rapids have fired general manager Dan Counce after eight years with the club. The move comes as Colorado remains in search of a new head coach, who will take over 
In-form Sochaux brush aside Monaco Sochaux extended their unbeaten run to eight Ligue 1 matches with a deserved 3-1 success at struggling Monaco on Friday. The result gave Sochaux 25 points and kept them in fourth 
Second-ranked Tigers biggest challenge of the year for Tide Tuscaloosa, AL (U-WIRE) -- There #39;s good and bad news for Tide fans coming into this year #39;s Iron Bowl. The good news is that during the past three years, whenever the Auburn Tigers have defeated the Georgia 
Figure Skating: American in Paris outshines France #39;s Joubert PARIS : US national champion Johnny Weir looks poised for his second win of the season when he lead the ISU Grand Prix figure skating event after the short program, as favourite Brian Joubert, the men #39;s world silver medallist from France, struggled in 
British Hunters Seek to End Fox-Hunt Ban (AP) AP - Defeated in Parliament, supporters of fox hunting went to court Friday to try to overturn a legislative ban on their more than 300-year-old sport and vowed a campaign of civil disobedience in the run-up to next year's general election.
Iraqi Troops Raid Baghdad Mosque, 17 Detained Hundreds of Iraqi troops backed by US forces stormed a Sunni Muslim mosque in Baghdad after Friday prayers, killing four people and wounding at least nine, witnesses and an influential group of Sunni clerics said.
Sharon eases conditions for resuming peace talks with the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel signalled flexibility and openness toward the emerging new Palestinian leadership Friday, with a top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon saying peace talks could resume if the Palestinians showed some goodwill.
Protests Target Bush at Summit in Chile (AP) AP - Riot police used water cannons and tear gas Friday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly President Bush.
House GOP Leader DeLay Delights in Rebuke of Accuser (Reuters) Reuters - A Texas congressman who brought a\successful ethics complaint against House Majority Leader Tom\Delay was himself rebuked by the ethics panel for violating the\rules in the way he brought the complaint.
UN reiterates plea for hostages release in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - The United Nations renewed an appeal for the safe release of three UN workers taken hostage in Afghanistan by a shadowy group of Islamic militants.
Iraqi Troops Raid Baghdad Mosque, 17 Detained  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Hundreds of Iraqi troops backed by U.S.  forces stormed a Sunni Muslim mosque in Baghdad after Friday  prayers, killing four people and wounding at least nine,  witnesses and an influential group of Sunni clerics said.
Myanmar Frees Prominent Political Prisoners  YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar's junta freed at least two dozen  members of democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi's political party on  Friday during a mass release of 4,000 people detained  "inappropriately" by the intelligence machine purged last  month.   
After Iraq, Spain Turns Again Toward Latin America  SAN JOSE, Costa Rica (Reuters) - After spending several  years distracted by Iraq and the war on terror, Spain under its  new socialist government is turning again toward Latin America  where its historical and business links give it an unrivaled  edge.
Ukraine Liberal Vows Demonstrations if Cheated  KIEV (Reuters) - The liberal challenger in a closely fought  presidential election in Ukraine raised the stakes on Friday,  threatening to bring his supporters onto the streets if the  authorities tried to deny him victory by cheating.
Protests Target Bush at Summit in Chile Riot police used water cannons and tear gas Friday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly President Bush.
Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov't Swipes at US &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Patrick Markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan prosecutorprobing a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez was killed bya car bomb that the government blamed Friday on radicalopponents it said were training in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;
Stocks Tumble, Greenspan Jolts Investors  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell sharply on Friday as  investors were jolted by a more than \$2 increase in oil prices,  while Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan gave a stark  reminder that interest rates were bound to go higher and warned  the appetite for the dollar would dwindle.
Movie Gallery Offers to Buy Hollywood Video Chain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Movie Gallery Inc. on Friday offered  to buy rival movie rental chain Hollywood Entertainment Corp.  for an undisclosed sum, one week after industry leader  Blockbuster Inc. bid about \$700 million for Hollywood.
Scientist: FDA Incapable of Protecting Safety Nov. 18, 2004 - An FDA scientist says the FDA, which is charged with protecting America #39;s prescription drug supply, is incapable of doing so.
New Drug for Advanced Lung Cancer The US Food and Drug Administration has granted fast-trackapproval to Tarceva (erlotinib) to treat advanced non-small cell lungcancer that has failed to respond to other therapy.
Congress Blocks Net Connection Taxation (AP) AP - Congress acted Friday to block state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the Internet for the next three years.
New Sober Worm on the Loose (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - A new version of the Sober worm is having quite a bit of success infecting users in Europe through the use of social engineering.
Angels Ship Guillen to Expos (Reuters) Reuters - The Anaheim Angels have\reportedly traded outfielder Jose Guillen to the\Washington-bound Expos in exchange for outfielder Juan Rivera\and a prospect.
Smith steps closer to Scotland manager's job (AFP) AFP - Scottish Football Association (SFA) officials confirmed they interviewed Walter Smith for the vacant national managerial job.
Red Hat More Competition For Sun Than Microsoft Sun who resells Red Hat #39;s software, is competing for the same customers as Red Hat with their upcoming release of Solaris 10 in January.
NTT DoCoMo chooses Linux for next-gen phones MANHASSET, NY - MontaVista Software Inc. has announced that its MontaVista Linux has been chosen as the operating system for three new Foma third-generation (3G) mobile phones from NTT DoCoMo.
Novell Rebounds In Fiscal 2004 On Linux Revenue Novell reports a \$31 million profit for the year, crediting the turnaround to its expanded Linux strategy. By Larry Greenemeier. Novell #39;s move into the Linux market is paying off as the company Thursday reported 
Univ. of D.C. Cancels Basketball (AP) AP - The University of the District of Columbia canceled its men's and women's basketball seasons Thursday, citing problems with recruitment, academic eligibility and financial aid.
Insurgency a Problem for Iraq Rebuilding (AP) AP - Security risks to reconstruction workers in Sunni-dominated parts of Iraq have grown worse over the past six weeks, the U.S. coordinator said Friday.
MSN, Yahoo Deal Extended (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Yahoo's Overture (Nasdaq: OVER) Services division announced that it extended its deal to provide Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Web portal, MSN, with sponsored search results.
TO solution: Don #39;t show TD antics No, I #39;m not referring to the uproar over ABC #39;s  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; promo that included Owens and aired before Monday Night Football this week.
AP NewsBreak: Angels trade Guillen to Expos for Juan Rivera and a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Anaheim Angels agreed to trade troubled outfielder Jose Guillen to the Washington-bound Expos for outfielder Juan Rivera and a prospect, The Associated Press learned Friday.
After toiling in boxing #39;s minor leagues, Wright ready to make his &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Winky Wright toiled for years in boxing #39;s minor leagues, patiently waiting for his big chance. Even when he won a piece of the 154-pound title, not many in the sport paid much attention.
Ivory Coast crisis brightens coffee traders #39; prospects BANGALORE: As a fallout of the turmoil in the Ivory Coast, a French coffee roasters team will be visiting India soon. The 13-member delegation, led by French Roasters Association general secretary Florence 
Remote Access Gets Safer, Easier (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: As competition heats up, iPass is the latest remote-access provider to announce favorable Wi-Fi pricing for enterprise customers.
Angels Ship Guillen to Expos  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels have  reportedly traded outfielder Jose Guillen to the  Washington-bound Expos in exchange for outfielder Juan Rivera  and a prospect.
Hewitt Crushes Gaudio to Reach Masters Semifinals  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Australia's Lleyton Hewitt dispatched  Argentine Gaston Gaudio 6-2, 6-1 Friday to clinch his place in  the Masters Cup semifinals.
Microsoft's Ownership of Trademark in Doubt (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - First "Windows," now "Excel." New York City-based software company Savvysoft says Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has demanded that it drop the name Excel from its TurboExcel product, which makes Microsoft's Excel portable to other systems like Linux. Trouble is, Microsoft does not yet own the trademark to the name "Excel."
Software as a Service Feels Price Pinch (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The worldwide services industry is undergoing a shift similar to what happened in manufacturing a generation ago, according to IDC analyst Marianne Hedin.
Oracle Bid Expected to Get Rival Support (AP) AP - Investors continued to bet Friday that most PeopleSoft Inc. shareholders will back Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid for its bitter rival, further extending a bruising battle that already has dragged on for more than 17 months.
BALCO Head Says Feds Wanted Him to Record Athletes  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Victor Conte, head of the BALCO  lab at the center of a global steroid scandal, says in court  papers to be filed Friday that a federal agent last year asked  him if he would secretly record athletes suspected of doping.
Cy Coleman, Broadway Composer, Dies at 75 The debonair jazz pianist and composer of such legendary Broadway tunes as "Witchcraft," "Big Spender," and "The Best is Yet to Come," died on Thursday night.
WTO Negotiators Finish Week of Farm Talks Negotiators at the World Trade Organization completed weeklong farm talks Friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
Powell States Preference for Diplomacy With his time in office running out, Secretary of State Colin Powell is acknowledging differences with others in the Bush administration and suggesting the disputes centered on his preference for diplomacy over force to resolve problems.
Introducing the big, bad BOFH polo shirt &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Essential kit for the marauding sysdamin
Harper says Conservatives will settle for nothing less than forming next government (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - Almost a year after the merger of the Progressive Conservative and Canadian Alliance parties, the reconstituted Tories are still working to portray themselves as a united, credible alternative.
Icahn Offers Nearly  #36;5 Bln for Mylan Labs (Reuters) Reuters - Financier Carl Icahn on Friday\offered to buy the shares of generic drugmaker Mylan\Laboratories  that he does not already own for  #36;4.9\billion, or  #36;20 a share, according to a government filing.
Germany Arrests 4th Suspect in Allawi Plot (AP) AP - German authorities Saturday arrested a fourth man on suspicion of involvement in an al-Qaida-linked group's alleged plot to attack Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi during his visit to Berlin this week.
Stocks Fall, Jolted by Oil and Greenspan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks dropped on Friday as  investors were jolted by a jump in oil prices and comments by  U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, who gave a blunt  reminder that interest rates were bound to go up and warned the  appetite for U.S. assets would eventually dwindle.
Congress Reinstates Internet Tax Ban  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Friday  reinstated a ban on Internet access taxes after the House of  Representatives agreed to extend it for another three years  rather than make it permanent.
Is Disney a Growth Stock? Plus, Mel's Sirius decision, Phil hangs up his Nikes, and Mattel's "free plus" dividend.
A New Drug for Lung Cancer Genentech and OSI's launch of Tarceva brings a new choice in the treatment of lung cancer.
Spurrier Not Guaranteed Augusta Membership Augusta National chairman Hootie Johnson said Friday that Steve Spurrier is not guaranteed a membership at the home of the Masters if he becomes the head football coach at South Carolina.
Marino, Young Considered for Hall of Fame Dan Marino and Steve Young highlighted a list Friday of 25 candidates for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
US FDA official defends agency #39;s handling of drug safety issues A US Food and Drug Administration official said Friday  quot;we categorically reject quot; accusations the agency has failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs.
Greenspan Warns That US Deficits Pose Risk to Dollar Alan Greenspan came to the home of the euro today and warned anxious Europeans to expect little relief from the relentless decline of the dollar against their currency.
Congress blocks taxation of Internet connections Congress acted Friday to block state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the Internet for the next three years.
Icahn Offers Nearly \$5 Billion for Mylan Financier Carl Icahn on Friday offered to buy the shares of generic drugmaker Mylan Laboratories that he does not already own for \$4.9 billion, or \$20 a share, according to a government filing.
Salvation Army Red Kettle campaign begins The Salvation Army is still hoping this season will be merry, even though it has fewer places to ring bells and fewer volunteers. The Salvation Army kicked off its red kettle campaign at Fourth Street Live today.
Several area taxpayers due refunds By the Telegram Staff. An annual IRS review shows 329 federal tax refunds totaling more than \$174,000 belonging to Nebraska taxpayers were returned to the IRS as undeliverable.
Fossil of Great Ape Ancestor Found A new fossil found in Spain may be the closest yet to the common ancestor of all great apes, perhaps including humans, researchers say.
Nvidia signs chipset license with Intel Nvidia Corp. and Intel Corp. have signed a multiyear cross-licensing agreement that entitles Nvidia to build chipsets for Intel #39;s processors, the companies announced Friday.
Apple plans Toronto retail store The Mac maker confirmed to CNET News.com on Friday that it plans to open a store in Toronto in mid-2005. Apple started notifying Canadian retailers of its plans earlier Friday, according to Mac enthusiast site Macosxrumors.
Scientist: Early Humans Ran Wild Groundbreaking new research by Professor of Anthropology Daniel E. Lieberman 86 validates what Bruce Springsteen has been saying for yearshuman beings are, indeed, born to run.
Skulls program kills cell phone apps Virus writers are targeting Symbian-based cell phones with a Trojan horse that kills off system applications and replaces their icons with images of skulls.
This week in security news Phishing is one of the fastest-growing forms of personal fraud in the world. While consumers are the most obvious victims, the damage spreads far wider--hurting companies #39; finances and reputations and potentially 
Hewitt routs Gaudio, eases into Masters Cup semis Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Third-seeded Lleyton Hewitt humbled eighth- seeded Gaston Gaudio 6-2, 6-1 on Friday to secure a spot in the semifinals at the 2004 Tennis Masters Cup.
Honda moves in at BAR As we exclusively predicted earlier this week Honda has bought into British American Racing. David Richards will now stand down and Nick Fry will take over.
Anaheim receives Izturis, Rivera in trade com. Washington-bound Expos general manager Jim Bowden made another bold move to upgrade the club #39;s offense on Friday, acquiring outfielder Jose Guillen from the Angels in exchange for 
CFL commissioner says improving refs  quot;top priority quot; CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Refereeing and the recruitment and development of new officials will be top priorities for the CFL over the next few years, the league commissioner said Friday in his annual Grey Cup state-of-the-union address.
At APEC, Bush to Work on North Korea, Iran President Bush plans to seek support from China and other key allies at the Asia-Pacific summit to help resurrect talks with North Korea over its nuclear weapons program, White House officials said on Friday.
Burma said to be freeing 4,000 political prisoners RANGOON, BURMA - Burma #39;s military government has reportedly released a number of political prisoners as part of a wide-ranging amnesty for thousands of prisoners it said were improperly detained.
Palestinians Urge US to Keep Deadline The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to stick to its original 2005 deadline for Palestinian statehood, arguing that President Bush #39;s recent proposal 
Troops storm Baghdad mosque BAGHDAD, NOVEMBER 19: A suicide car bomber attacked a police convoy in Baghdad on Friday as guerrillas kept pressure on Iraqs US-backed security forces despite a bloody rout of insurgents in Falluja.
UN Deadlocks on Cloning Ban After nearly two years of negotiations, the United Nations has chosen to shelve human cloning treaties and instead consider a non-binding declaration introduced by Italy as a compromise to please polarized member states.
US TV special for tsunami relief A US celebrity TV special will benefit the tsunami relief effort in South Asia, as actors make donations.
Soccer Club to Be Charged With Murder (AP) AP - Police plan to file murder charges against Sao Caetano club officials for the death of defenseman Serginho, who collapsed on the field and died of heart failure last month.
Johnson Awaiting Word on Possible Trades Randy Johnson is waiting for the Arizona Diamondbacks to come to him with specific trade possibilities, with his only firm stipulation being that the new team be a contender, one of his agents said on Friday.
Mariners Trade Williams to Padres The Seattle Mariner traded left-handed pitcher Randy Williams to the San Diego Padres on Friday for infielder Billy Hogan.
Mariucci Passes On Irish Lions head coach Steve Mariucci says he was contacted by Notre Dame regarding their vacant head coaching position, but he will remain in Detroit.
Norwegians to relive Kon-Tiki Polynesia-Peru trip (AFP) AFP - A grandson of Thor Heyerdahl, the Norwegian who 60 years ago sailed from Polynesia to Peru aboard Kon-Tiki, will launch a reenactment of the trip in April 2005 across the Pacific.
Deal on offshore revenue for Nfld. and N.S. could come next week (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - Newfoundland is on the brink of an offshore revenue deal with Ottawa that could see the country's poorest province end its dependence on equalization payments in as little as three years, says Premier Danny Williams.
Ukraine Liberal Vows Street Demos if Cheated in Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - The liberal challenger in a closely fought  presidential election in Ukraine threatened on Friday to bring  his supporters onto the streets if the authorities tried to  deny him victory by cheating.
UN admits DR Congo abuses Secretary-General Kofi Annan says there is clear evidence UN staff sexually abused refugees in DR Congo.
Russia Sets Date for Yukos Auction The protracted legal battle over Russian oil giant Yukos appeared to enter its final phase Friday when the government set a date to auction off a majority stake in the company's richest energy fields and demanded another \$6 billion in back taxes from a business already facing a crippling \$14 billion bill for outstanding taxes and fines.
Soccer Club to Be Charged With Murder Police plan to file murder charges against Sao Caetano club officials for the death of defenseman Serginho, who collapsed on the field and died of heart failure last month.
Thousands Protest Bush Before Chile Summit Riot police used water cannons and tear gas Friday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly President Bush.
Congress Prohibits Internet Taxation The Congress on Friday passed legislation reinstituting a ban on state and local taxation of Internet access for another three years following a vote by the House of Representatives.
Outbreak of Soybean Rust Spreads The US outbreak of soybean rust has spread to Alabama and Georgia, the Agriculture Department said on Friday, leaving Texas the lone state in the Gulf Coast untouched by the devastating crop fungus.
Armed Malawian politicians held Three senior ruling party members are arrested for carrying guns to a meeting with Malawi's president.
NVIDIA and Intel Agree November 19, 2004 - NVIDIA Corporation and Intel Corporation today announced that they have entered into a multi-year, cross-license agreement.
Prince of Persia sequel goes gold Ubisoft #39;s darker iteration on the Prince of Persia franchise comes to light on multiple consoles December 2; was originally dated for mid-November.
SORENSTAM STAYS AHEAD Annika Sorenstam shot a second-round 68 to open up a three-shot halfway lead at the ADT Tour Championship at Trump International in West Palm Beach, Florida.
Busch wins pole for season-ending race Kurt Busch, last in the qualifying line and first in the NASCAR Nextel Cup points, waited out 54 other drivers Friday and then won the pole for the season-ending Ford 400, which will determine the 2004 champion.
Vincent, Reed out for Sunday #39;s game Orchard Park, NY (Sports Network) - Veteran cornerback Troy Vincent and wide receiver Josh Reed will not play Sunday when the Buffalo Bills host the St.
PM arrives for APEC summit amid noisy protests Touching down in a city rocked by large, noisy protests, Prime Minister Paul Martin has arrived in Santiago, Chile for this year #39;s summit of APEC leaders.
Angry Egyptians reject Israeli apology for killing border police Egyptians are raging at an Israeli mistake that left three border policemen dead, even as the Israeli Army chief has promised an investigation.
Miller Out, Gruber Leads Giant Slalom  BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - Overall World Cup leader  Bode Miller blew his bid for a fifth win in six races when he  fell in the first leg of a giant slalom Saturday.
Pressure grows for US budget fix amid dollar drop A drop in the value of the US dollar cannot by itself bring better balance to global trade without raising both US interest rates and recession risks, economists and a growing chorus of policy-makers say.
EMI reports net loss for first half but says sales on way back up EMI Group PLC, one of the world #39;s biggest music companies, reported a small loss for the first half of its fiscal year Friday but said it expected an improvement in the second half which will reflect the release of several new albums that 
Oracle, PeopleSoft prepared for midnight offer deadline NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The midnight expiration of Oracle Corp. #39;s tender offer to PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s shareholders for control of the company will either end the software rivals #39; bitter, 17-month battle tonight -- or increase its ferocity.
Severstal, Steelworkers, others fight Deutsche Bank #39;s Stelco bid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A Russian steel company has gone to court to block Deutsche Bank #39;s refinancing proposal for Stelco Inc., one of a flurry of legal objections filed Friday against a sales process critics say is biased in favour of the German bank.
Young Rebuffs NBA, Sticks With Rangers (AP) AP - Chris Young never expected to have to chose again between baseball and basketball. The Texas Rangers helped make it an easy decision for the 6-foot-10 pitcher.
Dollar declines following Greenspan remarks (AFP) AFP - The dollar suffered a renewed bout of selling after US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan hinted that another depreciation in the US currency might be necessary to reduce the current account deficit.
Bill Gates: Spambuster  quot;Spam is a major security problem, quot; acknowledges Microsoft founder Bill Gates, but he maintains that progress has been made in the fight against unsolicited e-mail.
nVidia to make Intel chipsets The AMD processor chipset market can honestly claim to have a flurry of participants these days. Although the first chipsets were strictly AMD jobs, today you can choose from AMD, VIA, nVidia, and even ATI to get your Athlon 64 or Opteron fix.
Sober worm variant shimmies Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software security updates, and contemplating a plethora of security solutions and methods.
Tennis: Hewitt beats Gaudio to reach Masters Cup semis HOUSTON, United States : Australia #39;s third-ranked Lleyton Hewitt reached the semi-finals of the ATP Masters Cup by defeating Argentina #39;s Gaston Gaudio 6-2, 6-1.
Mariners send journeyman lefty Williams to Padres The 29-year-old Williams was 7-2 for Triple-A Tacoma and made six relief appearances with Seattle after being called up in September.
Kofi Annan No Confidence Vote? Angered at Secretary-General Kofi Annan #39;s dismissal of allegations against the UN #39;s top investigator, union leaders representating over 5,000 UN employees met for a second day on Friday to decide what action to take.
Negotiators Work Overtime on 9/11 Bill (AP) AP - Negotiators planned to work until Congress' final moments to get a breakthrough on legislation implementing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations to protect the nation from terrorism.
Twins Keep U.S. Hopes Alive in Davis Cup Final  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Twins Bob and Mike Bryan breezed  past Spain's Tommy Robredo and Juan Carlos Ferrero on Saturday  to give the United States a glimmer of hope of rescuing the  Davis Cup final.
Thousands Need Water in Aceh, Disease Emerges  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Hungry and filthy,  Indonesians queued for water in their thousands on Tuesday as  aid deliveries to tsunami-ravaged Aceh province hit new snags  and cases of disease and infection among survivors emerged.
IOC Pledges \$1 Million to Tsunami Victims  LONDON (Reuters) - The International Olympic Committee will  donate \$1 million to aid victims of the Indian Ocean tsunami.
Sharon, now a dear old softy, can only detract from Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is not known for a kindly disposition toward the Palestinians, nor for a gentle approach to the issue of a Palestinian state.
Nebraska Player Charged With Assualt (AP) AP - A Nebraska football player is charged with aggravated assault and battery for injuring a member of a University of Oklahoma spirit group before a game last week.
PortalPlayer Shares Soar in Market Debut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of PortalPlayer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PLAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PLAY.O&lt;/A&gt;  jumped as much as 62.4 percent in their first day of trading on  Friday after the company's initial public offering priced above  the recently increased range.
Stocks Fall, Jolted by Oil and Greenspan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks tumbled on Friday as  investors were jolted by a surge in oil prices and comments by  Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, who gave a stark  reminder that interest rates were bound to go higher and warned  that appetite for the dollar would dwindle.
Outbreak of Soybean Rust Spreads  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. outbreak of soybean rust  has spread to Alabama and Georgia, the Agriculture Department  said on Friday, leaving Texas the lone state in the Gulf Coast  untouched by the devastating crop fungus.
Russia poised to split YUKOS Russia has pressed ahead with the last step in the break-up of oil major YUKOS, saying it will auction its main unit for \$8.65 billion.
Ban On Internet Access Taxes Poised For Approval Legislation to temporarily ban taxing Internet access is poised for approval this week after the US Senate approved the legislation and worked out wording acceptable to Congress.
PortalPlayer Shares Soar in Market Debut Shares of PortalPlayer Inc. (PLAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped as much as 62.4 percent in their first day of trading on Friday after the company #39;s initial public 
Sirius stock soars on Karmazin hire Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio posted double-digit percentage gains on Friday, one day after the company said former Viacom President Mel Karmazin would become its new chief executive.
Big Dig Leaks Worse Than Thought Leaks in the Big Dig highway tunnel system under downtown Boston are more widespread than officials have acknowledged, and a new state report suggests tens of millions of dollars 
Microsoft, Dell big winners of Air Force deal The Air Force signed a deal with Microsoft Corp. and Dell Inc. for software services that could be worth \$500 million over six years, Microsoft officials said today.
Salvation Army Facing Uphill Battle This Holiday Season Louisville rings in the Christmas season with a 120-year tradition. The Salvation Army kicked off its kettle and bell ringing campaign Friday, called  quot;Keep the Tradition Alive.
Cattle Tracking Tested to Protect Food (AP) AP - Federal policy is meeting Western reality on the rangelands of Idaho, where wide-open spaces, technological glitches and bitter cold all are potential obstacles to plans to track livestock and protect the food supply from disease and bioterrorism.
Microsoft Warns of Potential Linux Suits  quot;Someday, for all countries that are entering the World Trade Organization, somebody will come and look for money owing to the rights for that intellectual property, quot; Steve Ballmer said.
Half-Life 2 (Valve / Sierra) This is the game that has been hailed as the killer of all first person shooters since it was first announced over a year ago, and most who have said that hadn #39;t even played it yet - that #39;s how confident people are that this game is just that good.
Prince of Persia: Golden Within November 19, 2004 - Ubisoft announced today that the Xbox and PlayStation 2 versions of Prince of Persia: Warrior Within have gone gold.
Technical glitch delays launch of NASA #39;s gamma-ray probing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON (AFP) - A technical glitch has forced a minimum 24-hour delay in the launch of the Swift satellite that will study gamma-ray bursts, the most powerful and elusive explosions detected in the cosmos.
Spanish offer a token of regret The Spanish Football Federation led the way, sending a letter of apology to the Football Association. General secretary Jorge P Arias condemned the fans #39; behaviour and reiterated his federation #39;s position against racism in football.
Sorenstam on target with first-round 66 Annika Sorenstam was hitting the ball so well she knew exactly where it was going. Combine that with an unusually calm day in south Florida, and her name atop the leaderboard was no surprise.
Licensing game means betting on a winner In souvenir trailers spread throughout Homestead-Miami Speedway, thousands of Nextel Cup champion T-shirts and hats are sitting in boxes.
Huskers lineman charged with assault against Oklahoma student Norman, OK (Sports Network) - Nebraska offensive lineman Darren DeLone Friday was charged with aggravated assault and battery for injuring a member of the University of Oklahoma #39;s spirit group before last Saturday #39;s game.
Injured Hasselbeck might not play Sunday Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck, who did not practice today, has been downgraded from probable to questionable for Sunday #39;s game.
ChiSox #39;s Garland agrees to one-year deal Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago White Sox pitcher Jon Garland has agreed to a one-year, \$3.4 million contract, avoiding salary arbitration.
Yale in way of Harvard #39;s chance for perfection He should save the tears: Unlike most senior quarterbacks at Harvard, he might not be saying good bye to football after The Game against Yale on Saturday.
Guns trained on Mosul US forces and Iraqi units last night were preparing to storm rebel strongholds in the northern city of Mosul as fighting wound down in Fallujah.
Great Lakes Talks in Dar The International Conference on the Great Lakes Region #39;s First Summit of Heads of State and Government started yesterday in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, with calls for regional leaders to work together towards peace and stability in the region.
Intel's Barrett Sees Room for Chip Growth (AP) AP - Intel Corp., the world's largest computer chip company, is not suffering from overcapacity and new areas are emerging that will increase global demand for microprocessors, its chief executive said Friday.
US, N.Korea Meet, But No Agreement Reached on Six-Party Talks North Korean and US officials met this week to discuss the nuclear standoff on the Korean Peninsula. It appears they came no closer to resuming multilateral 
Florida school district talks to Sting on iChat AV (MacCentral) MacCentral - Music students of the Manatee School District in Bradenton, Florida talked to music legend Sting on Friday using Apple's iChat AV, an iSight camera and a PowerBook G4. Sting spoke to students from the Telewest Arena in Newcastle, England an hour before he was to perform a concert for his latest tour.
Calif. to Sue Over Sierra Nevada Logging Expansion (Reuters) Reuters - California plans to sue the Bush\administration over its plans to expand significantly the\amount of logging allowed in the Sierra Nevada mountains, the\state's Democratic attorney general said on Friday.
House Passes Bipartisan Special Education Bill (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Friday easily passed a final bill aimed at improving education\for millions of children with learning disabilities, with the\Senate expected to follow as Congress rushed to complete its\work for the year.
Peoplesoft bid hangs in balance Oracle's attempt to buy rival software producer Peoplesoft hangs in the balance as investors consider its \$9.2bn takeover offer ahead of Saturday's deadline.
Bayer drug deal gets green light The European Commission clears German drug firm Bayer's 2.3bn euro acquisition of Swiss company Roche's over the counter medicines business.
Tech leaders see the CFO's role growing Among the new challenges: keeping Sarbanes-Oxley expenses under control and "their CEOs out of jail."
Microsoft gives developers a glimpse of Avalon Coding community gets early look at new graphics engine set to accompany Longhorn, the next version of Windows.
Researchers say Internet porn is worse than crack Pennsylvania may block Philly's Wi-Fi plan. News.com Extra
Oracle hopes for fast turnaround on tender results Firm says preliminary results for tender offer for PeopleSoft shares could be available just after midnight Friday night.
Kidd Practices, Might Play Monday  EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ (Sports Network) - New Jersey guard  Jason Kidd practiced with the team for the first time since  undergoing knee surgery in July and he could be on the court  Monday.
Skulls program kills cell phone apps For some phones infected by the Trojan, the only real fix is a hard reset, which wipes all user data from the device. 
This week in security news The rise in online scams has companies spending hefty sums to educate customers about fraud prevention and to address 'phishing' damage.
BT to offer cheaper Wi-Fi to its mobile users A converged Wi-Fi device will follow efforts with Vodafone to make BT big in the mobile space again.
Photo: iPod's Toronto presence A sky-high iPod ad towers over a hip Toronto shopping district. Toronto will soon be home to its own Apple retail store. \
Apple plans Toronto retail store Mac maker is taking its retail act north of the border, CNET News.com has learned.\&lt;br /&gt; Photo: iPod's Toronto presence
This week in travel tech The Segway coast to coast? Sure--it works, as long as you don't mind taking your time.
Kodak catches up with Sony in camera sales Third-quarter survey of digital camera market from IDC shows 40-percent growth and a real horse race.
Nvidia to put more force behind Intel processors A broad patent agreement will let the graphic-chip specialist build chipsets for Intel PCs.
iPod chipmaker sings in Wall Street debut Enthusiasm for PortalPlayer's stock is high despite company's warning that it has no long-term contract with Apple.\
Best Buy hit with lawsuit over layoffs of IT workers A group of 44 former IT employees at Best Buy has filed a class-action lawsuit charging the retailer with age discrimination in connection with the termination of their jobs during layoffs last spring and in 2003. Best Buy said the claims "are without merit."
CIO hiring, recruiting evolve as job duties change IT executives must learn business skills, and how to teach those skills to the next generation of managers. Too many look outside for help instead of training their own.
Oracle, PeopleSoft prepared for midnight offer deadline The midnight expiration of Oracle's tender offer for PeopleSoft shares will either end the software rivals' bitter, 17-month battle tonight -- or increase its ferocity.
Anti-Fraud Alliance formed to fight ID theft, phishing schemes Five online security software and service providers have formed an alliance to help e-commerce and financial services companies fight online fraud.
Pressure grows on EDS over U.K. government IT system A troubled welfare-case -anagement and telephony system developed largely by Electronic Data Systems has run into so many problems that U.K. government officials might pull the plug on it.
Mylan Shares Up As Drug Stocks Close Down Mylan Laboratories Inc. was one of the few drug makers whose stock closed up Friday with the sector down for a second day as fresh squabbles between veteran financier Carl Icahn and the company #39;s board erupted.
Execs  amp; Accounts for November 19, 2004 In a cred boost for satellite radio, former Viacom Chief Mel Karmazin signed on as chief executive of Sirius Satellite Radio. Viacom #39;s former CEO has also served as head of CBS Corporation and Infinity Broadcasting.
Firefox lights up Web browser world SAN FRANCISCO - Firefox 1.0 appears to have sparked new activity in the Web browser market.
Nvidia signs chipset license with Intel Nvidiaand Intelhave signed a multiyear cross-licensing agreement that entitles Nvidia to build chipsets for Intel's processors, the companies announced Friday.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Internet tax moratorium clears Congress WASHINGTON - The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday approved a compromise version of a moratorium on Internet-only taxes, the last step needed before the bill is sent to President George Bush.
Car bombers kill seven in Iraq A double suicide car bomb attack has devastated a police station just outside Baghdad #39;s fortified Green Zone, killing seven people and wounding 57 in the latest strike against Iraq #39;s beleaguered security forces.
New Sober variant spreading A new version of the Sober e-mail worm started spreading in Europe on Friday, according to antivirus vendors, which have given the worm a midlevel threat rating.
Let the Handheld Games Begin Nintendo, Sony ready rival portable gaming devices. Which one will gamers go for?
Summary: Greenspan Warns of Trade Deficit (AP) AP - THE WARNING: Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan cautioned that swollen trade deficits eventually could threaten the economy by souring foreign appetites for investment in the United States.
Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  won the backing of two more key public pension funds in its  \$8.8-billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; as the  17-month takeover battle between the two California-based  business software makers neared a key deadline.
Wall Street stocks fall on Greenspan #39;s warning on trade deficit Wall Street stocks traded sharply lower Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan gave a warning over the nation #39;s spiraling trade deficit.
Update 1: Movie Gallery Offers to Acquire Company Video rental company Movie Gallery Inc. became the third company to vie for Hollywood Entertainment Corp., claiming Friday that its offer was more likely to win antitrust approval than the \$700 million bid made by industry leader Blockbuster Inc.
Gold Banc to Pay \$16M to Resolve Claims Gold Banc Corp., a banking company with operations in four states, has agreed to pay \$16 million to resolve claims that it charged excessive fees and inflated interest rates on federally guaranteed agricultural loans, the US Attorney #39;s office said Friday.
Google founders to sell 7.2M shares Page, Brin and Schmidt hold one third of company #39;s stock, will still retain 81 of current holdings. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc.
Nvidia Signs License Deal with Intel Under an agreement with Intel, Nvidia will be able to make integrated graphics chips that are placed on the computer #39;s motherboard along with the main processor.
RIAA Files 761 Music Lawsuits many of them university students -- for sharing unlicensed music files over the Internet. The latest round of filings 
Calif. to Sue Over Sierra Nevada Logging Expansion California plans to sue the Bush administration over its plans to expand significantly the amount of logging allowed in the Sierra Nevada mountains, the state #39;s Democratic attorney general said on Friday.
Garland agrees to deal, avoids arbitration The Chicago White Sox avoided arbitration with right-hander Jon Garland on Friday, agreeing to a \$3.4 million, one-year contract. Garland, who got a \$1.1 million raise, was 12-11 with a 4.89 ERA last season, the first winning record of his career.
Raptors discuss trading All-Star Carter to Trail Blazers for Abdur &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Raptors guard Vince Carter asked out of Toronto before training camp, and it now appears the disgruntled five-time All-Star might get his wish.
Angels strike a deal with Expos com. The Angels ended their relationship with left fielder Jose Guillen on Friday when they packed him off to the Washington DC franchise in exchange for outfielder Juan Rivera and shortstop Maicer Izturis.
ABC withdraws from BCS negotiations ABC has pulled out of the television rights negotiations for the Bowl Championship Series, a source familiar with the talks said Friday.
Death threats force controversial Dutch MP underground GEERT WILDERS, the Dutch MP and controversial critic of Islam, has two policemen by his side even when in his high-security parliamentary office in case someone tries to decapitate him.
Israeli soldiers accused of tampering with corpses A military police investigation was ordered yesterday by the Israeli Chief of Staff into allegations that soldiers had tampered with the bodies of dead Palestinians and posed for photographs with the corpses.
Help desperately wanted Like fruit cake and Santa Claus, they have become an important part of the holiday season. Beginning in early November and running through Christmas, Salvation Army 
Sun Opens New Front in OS Wars With Solaris 10 Sun plans to release most of the OS code to an open-source community development process. The company also promises a Red Hat Linux execution environment (the Janus project) by 1Q05.
Firefox lights up Web browser world Firefox 1.0 appears to have sparked new activity in the Web browser market. The release of the open-source Web browser by the Mozilla Foundation last week prompted Microsoft Corp.
Bland Mountain salvage talks set The public is invited to an informal open house Monday to discuss salvage options on the Bland Mountain Fire. The August fire burned about 1,700 acres of Bureau of Land Management land, and the agency is considering salvaging up to 400 acres of that.
Seductive virus has Sobering consequence A blonde, 21-year-old go-go dancer is sending emails with naked photos of herself attached and asking for work as model. Or so you are led to think by the latest mass-mailing Sober worm variant to hit the Web, Sober.
New ID Tag Could Prevent Surgical Errors (AP) AP - A radio frequency tag that patients can affix like a bandage to ensure doctors perform the right surgery on the right person won government approval Friday.
Australia struggling against New Zealand BRISBANE: New Zealand kept themselves firmly in the first Test with Australia yesterday after Jacob Oram blasted a career-best 126 not out to help the Kiwis reach a healthy first innings total of 353.
Torres goes first as Chivas USA choses Hispanics in MLS expansion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CD Chivas USA made Los Angeles Galaxy forward Arturo Torres the first player chosen Friday in the Major League Soccer Expansion draft.
Mets Close in on Deals With Benson, Leiter (AP) AP - Kris Benson and Al Leiter are likely to be back with the New York Mets next season.
Google Co-Founders to Sell Company Shares (AP) AP - Google Inc. co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin each plan to sell up to 7.2 million shares of their stock in the online search engine leader during the next 18 months  #151; divestitures that would generate windfalls of more than  #36;1 billion apiece at current market prices.
Myanmar Frees Prominent Political Prisoners Myanmar #39;s junta freed at least two dozen members of democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi #39;s political party on Friday during a mass release of 4,000 people detained  quot;inappropriately 
UK in  #39;war of words #39; with Charles LONDON: British government and Prince Charles are locked in an unprecedented, public war of words over the rights and virtues of meritocracy vs aristocracy in the aspirational 21st century, sparking a right royal class war of republican proportions.
Torres Chosen First in MLS Expansion Draft (AP) AP - CD Chivas USA made Los Angeles Galaxy forward Arturo Torres the first player chosen Friday in the Major League Soccer Expansion draft.
Enterprises warm up to open source (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Enterprises are opening up to open source alternatives to commercial software, panelists said at the SDForum conference  #8220;Open Source Entering the Mainstream, #8221; held in Santa Clara, Calif., last week.
Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Friday\won the backing of two more key public pension funds in its\ #36;8.8-billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc.  as the\17-month takeover battle between the two California-based\business software makers neared a key deadline.
Alberta Senate election candidates question Klein's resolve on Senate reform (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Senate reform will not be taken seriously by Ottawa unless Premier Ralph Klein gets more strongly behind the issue, say candidates in Alberta's Senate selection race.
Tools wrap: Sybase, Clear Clear eye data modeling, BPEL (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sybase later this year will ship PowerDesigner 11.0, an enterprise data modeling tool for building or re-engineering business processes and aligning business and IT goals, according to the company.
Frozen Wooly Mammoth Arrives in Japan (AP) AP - World fairs have typically focused on the wonders of the future, highlighting new technologies from glass and steel construction in the 19th century to satellites and computers today. But next year's fair is different.
Cuba and Panama restore ties Cuba and Panama agree to restore ties after having talks on the sidelines of the Ibero-American summit.
This week in Linux news Sun plans to provide legal protection from patent-infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the OS--a move to counter Linux.
A City Built Upon Wits India's Kerala state to build a technology-friendly city for global investors.  Also: Intel continues its expansion in the Indian city Bangalore   hellip;. Sirius Satellite scores a hard-charging CEO   hellip;. and more.
Nanotech golf ball corrects its own flight Straight-shooting ball is one of a slew of nanotechnology products aimed at the sports market. \
Tools wrap: Sybase, Cape Clear eye data modeling, BPEL Sybase later this year will ship PowerDesigner 11.0, an enterprise data modeling tool for building or re-engineering business processes and aligning business and IT goals, according to the company.
Enterprises warm up to open source Enterprises are opening up to open source alternatives to commercial software, panelists said at the SDForum conference Open Source Entering the Mainstream, held in Santa Clara, Calif., last week.
Icahn Offers to Buy Mylan Laboratories for \$5.38 Bln (Update5) Billionaire financier Carl Icahn offered to buy Mylan Laboratories Inc., the largest US maker of generic medicines, for about \$5.38 billion to block Mylan #39;s proposed purchase of King Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Banking Company Settles A Kansas banking company will pay \$16 million to settle claims it charged excessive fees and inflated interest rates on federally guaranteed agriculture loans in Oklahoma.
Busch Wins Pole for Nextel Cup Finale  HOMESTEAD, Fla. (Sports Network) - His first pole of the  season couldn't have come at a better time for Nextel Cup  Series points leader Kurt Busch. The No.97 Roush Racing Ford  driver captured the pole for Sunday's season finale, Ford 400,  with a time of 30.114 seconds (179.319 m.p.h.).
Dangerous Drugs The list of drugs include Meridia - a weight loss drug. Crestor- for reducing cholesterol. Accutane- an acne drug. Bextra- a painkiller.
EMI sees music market improving EMI, the world #39;s third-largest music group, reported a drop in first-half profits on Friday but said the beleaguered industry was rebounding as online music sales start to take off.
Oil little changed, ponders winter weather SINGAPORE, NOV 19: Oil prices were little changed on Friday as traders waited to see whether the onset of the northern winter will put a squeeze on low heating fuel stocks.
It girl turned sole trader makes millions as Jimmy Choo deal is &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tamara Mellon, the former It girl and fashion PR, yesterday saw a 150,000 loan from her father turn into a 50m fortune when the Jimmy Choo shoes business was bought by the American 
Enron Broadband trial delayed to April Fool #39;s Day There #39;s another postponement in the second scheduled Enron criminal trial and now the case against members of the company #39;s Internet division is set to begin April Fools #39; Day.
Searching for a Perfect PC? An Answer for Everybody The home computer has morphed into an all-purpose entertainment hub. When buying a computer this holiday season, here are some important factors to consider.
Mourinho #39;s magic working for Chelsea London, England (Sports Network) - Everything seems to be working lately for Jose Mourinho and Chelsea. Nothing changed Saturday at Stamford Bridge against Newcastle United.
AstraZeneca and GSK shares rocked by safety concerns By Stephen Foley in London and Katherine Griffiths in New York. More than 6bn was wiped off the value of the UK #39;s two giant pharmaceuticals companies yesterday as they and the US regulator attempted to quell a furore over drug safety.
New artists, cost cuts and digital growth cheer EMI EMI overcame an 11.4 per cent fall in sales to deliver increased profits and margins in the six months to the end of September, it announced yesterday.
Oil Jumps More Than \$2 on Winter Worries Oil prices climbed more than \$2 higher on Friday on renewed concern over supplies of distillate fuels in all main consuming centers before the Northern Hemisphere winter.
Ray Brent Marsh Plea Agreement Ray Brent Marsh did officially plead guilty in court.. But the judge could still reject the plea bargain. 31-year old Ray Brent Marsh was surrounded by and army of Walker County deputies as he entered the courtroom.
Gold Banc to pay \$16 mln to resolve loan claims Gold Banc Corp. (GLDB.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a Kansas banking company, agreed to pay \$16 million to resolve claims it charged excessive interest rates and fees on federally 
Dollar fall  #39;will hit economies #39; BERLIN: German Finance Minister Hans Eichel said in a radio interview yesterday that a sharp fall in the dollar would damage both the American and global economies.
Angels Trade Jose Guillen to Expos (AP) AP - After a temper tantrum that led to an eight-game suspension and a course in anger management, Jose Guillen needed a change of scenery. He'll find it in the nation's capital. The Anahiem Angels traded Guillen to the Washington-bound Expos  #151; the soon-to-be Nationals  #151; on Friday for outfielder Juan Rivera and prospect Maicer Izturis.
Iraqi Troops Raid Baghdad Mosque, 17 Detained (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of Iraqi troops backed by U.S.\forces stormed a Sunni Muslim mosque in Baghdad after Friday\prayers, killing four people and wounding at least nine,\witnesses and an influential group of Sunni clerics said.
Kidd Hopes to Practice Next Month (AP) AP - Jason Kidd's recovery from surgery on his left knee is on schedule and the All-Star point guard hopes to practice next month with the struggling New Jersey Nets.
Young Rebuffs NBA, Sticks With Rangers (AP) AP - Chris Young never expected to have to choose again between baseball and basketball. The Texas Rangers helped make it an easy decision for the 6-foot-10 pitcher.
BAR boss departs as Honda prepare to pass rivals JENSON BUTTON might have lost the battle, but last night he appeared to have won the war as David Richards, his boss at BAR Honda, was shown the door.
Ruddock sees need to take big scalp as trial by pace awaits Wales Graham Henry and Steve Hansen - are pitted against a former pupil - Mike Ruddock. Wales coach Ruddock could not have had it much harder.
Lebanese March Protests Syrian Domination (AP) AP - Thousands of Lebanese students and activists defied government warnings Friday and demonstrated against Syria's domination of their country.
Anti-Bush protest at a trade summit in Chile turns violent The largest protest march since Chile #39;s police state ended 14 years ago turned violent Friday when demonstrators waged pitched street battles with riot police before President 
UN staff plan no-confidence vote against top management UNITED NATIONS: The UN staff union was meeting late last night to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the United Nations, which has been hit by a series of scandals involving top UN officials.
Protests as troops storm Iraq mosque BAGHDAD: An influential group of clerics last night protested against a raid on a Baghdad mosque by Iraqi and US troops, which killed four civilians.
Fathers 4 Justice protester handcuffs himself to Hodge A campaigner with the pressure group Fathers 4 Justice invaded a conference yesterday and handcuffed himself to Margaret Hodge, the minister for Children, for 40 minutes.
Farc kidnap saga marks 1,000 days Colombian ex-presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt reaches her 1,000th day as a hostage of Marxist guerrillas.
Greenspan rejects talk of throwing dollar a lifeline ALAN GREENSPAN, Chairman of the US Federal Reserve, undercut lingering hopes of staging an operation to support the dollar at a meeting of bankers in Frankfurt yesterday 
Russia readies YUKOS auction Russia is pressing ahead with the last step in the destruction of YUKOS, saying it will auction the oil major #39;s main Siberian unit on December 19 for \$8.65 billion (4.66 
Disney chief #39;s reputation on the line in battle with shareholders GEORGETOWN, United States : Controversial Disney Co. chief executive Michael Eisner has been tough and unflappable defending himself this week against shareholder charges that he wasted 140 million dollars by taking on Michael Ovitz as president in 1995.
Former Crematory Operator Pleads Guilty To Dumping Bodies Former crematory operator Ray Brent Marsh says he #39;s guilty of dumping hundreds of bodies he was supposed to cremate. Marsh stopped performing cremations not long after he took over the family business in 1997.
Australia resume chase Australia have just resumed their chase of New Zealand #39;s first-innings total of 353 in the first Test in Brisbane. The Australians ended day two on 197-4 with Damien Martyn and Michael Clarke at the crease.
One-year deal avoids arbitration Chicago White Sox: The White Sox avoided arbitration with right-hander Jon Garlandon Friday, agreeing to a \$3.4 million, one-year contract.
ABC breaks off negotiations with BCS ABC has pulled its contract offer to the Bowl Championship Series, a move that could result in three of college football #39;s biggest games moving to another network.
Car bomber raids police convoy BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber attacked a police convoy in Baghdad yesterday as guerillas kept pressure on Iraq #39;s security forces despite a bloody rout of insurgents in Fallujah.
Ivory Coast appointment provokes rebels, France Ivory Coast says 63 people have been killed in a week of clashes with French troops as it hands over military powers to a former head of its northern command, whose appointment is considered a provocation by both the rebels and France.
End chaos call by PLO leader GAZA CITY: PLO leader Mahmud Abbas stepped up calls yesterday to end  quot;armed chaos quot; engulfing the occupied territories, as the new Palestinian leadership readied the ground for presidential elections in January.
FCC Pooh-Poohs a la Carte Cable The Federal Communications Commission says in a Congressional report that cable bills would increase under a system that lets customers pick and choose. Consumer groups disagree.
Greenspan Warns of Trade Deficit Risk Swollen trade deficits eventually could threaten the economy by souring foreign appetites to invest in the United States, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned Friday.
US Dollar Continues Slide vs. Rivals The dollar continued its seemingly unstoppable slide against other currencies this week, leaving US and European officials increasingly at odds over what - if anything - should be done about it.
OSI stock falters on Tarceva sales concerns Shares of OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. fell sharply Friday on concerns about the newly approved drug #39;s ability to meet sales targets.
Verizon Adds Shopping Tools to SuperPages.com (Reuters) Reuters - Verizon SuperPages.com said on\Friday it has teamed up with eBay  and Shopping.com\ for the roll-out of new shopping tools on its online\Yellow Pages site.
To Bill.GatesMicrosoft.com; Subject: Your Spam Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer provided some perspective for anyone who thinks they are getting too much spam.  quot;There are two people who probably are the number one spam recipients in the world.
 quot;In Defense of Hunting quot; On Nov. 18, the same day Britain outlawed fox hunting in England and Wales, John Underwood of San Antonio appeared on the popular  quot;Today Show quot; to talk about his Web site that offers remote-controlled shooting and  quot;hunting quot; at his private ranch in Texas.
DNA Analyst Fired For Allegedly Mishandling Data In 11 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES -- The private laboratory that conducted DNA testing in the OJ Simpson murder trial has fired an analyst who mishandled DNA data in 11 recent LAPD investigations, it was reported Friday.
Skulls Trojan attacks Symbian phones A newly intercepted malicious Trojan has begun infecting mobile phones which run the Symbian operating system. Dubbed  #39;Skulls #39; the Trojan has been detected on Symbian shareware download sites where it bills itself as  #39;Extended Theme Manager #39; by  #39;Tee-222 #39;.
SORRY ROONEY: I #39;M WRONG ENGLAND #39;S  #39;bad boy #39; Wayne Rooney has apologised to Sven-Goran Eriksson for losing his head in Madrid. But the Manchester United star striker has stopped short of issuing a public apology to Emlyn Hughes #39; family 
Pacers #39; Bender Out Six Weeks With Injury Atlanta Hawks forward Al Harrington, middle, is welcomed to Conseco Fieldhouse by Indiana Pacers forward Jonathan Bender, left, and forward Ron Artest before the start of the game in Indianapolis,Wednesday, Nov.17, 2004.
Navy-Rutgers Game Attracts Bowl Interest (AP) AP - Navy is a wanted team  #151; for a bowl game, that is. Officials from five bowls will attend Saturday's game against Rutgers, with the Midshipmen in strong position to land their second straight postseason berth.
Chile says Asia Pacific to push  quot;very hard quot; for WTO pact SANTIAGO (AFP) - Asia-Pacific leaders will push  quot;very hard quot; at a summit this weekend for a successful outcome to World Trade Organization free-trade negotiations, Chilean President Ricardo Lagos said.
15 killed, 45 captured in Mosul raids Iraqi and US forces have killed 15 rebels and arrested 45 suspected insurgents over a 24-hour period in Mosul, which includes a dusk raid on a mosque and tea house in the northern city #39;s old quarter.
Canada and South Korea open talks for potential free-trade agreement (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SANTIAGO, Chile (CP) - Canada hopes to nail down a free-trade treaty with South Korea that could offer major inroads into the booming Asian market, Prime Minister Paul Martin said Friday.
Palestinians Reject Sharon's Peace 'Test'  GAZA (Reuters) - The Palestinian Authority on Friday  rejected Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's new and  seemingly softer terms for restarting peace talks, saying he  should drop all conditions for dialogue.
Arafat's Widow Retrieves Medical Records (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's widow took possession of the late Palestinian leader's widely sought medical records Friday, and was deciding whether to make the file public to "stop all these false ideas" of what caused his death, her lawyer said.
Dynamic models demand detachment Where some see stasis, those of us of a certain age tend to see slow-swinging pendulums. Where some perceive exciting ideas as brand new, others perceive in them shades of the past.
Beware of business IT horrors In this issue, my colleague Chad Dickerson unveils his "Top 20 IT Mistakes" based on some unhappy lessons he and others have learned. This list is so much fun that I couldn't resist adding my own: five common mistakes that business people make when dealing with IT. Each of these derives from bitter experience. And in three of the cases, I was personally responsible for the bad judgment (please don't ask which three!).
The top 20 IT mistakes to avoid We all like to think we learn from mistakes, whether our own or others. So in theory, the more serious bloopers you know about, the less likely you are to be under the bright light of interrogation, explaining how you managed to screw up big-time. Thats why we put out an all-points bulletin to IT managers and vendors everywhere: For the good of humanity, tell us about the gotchas that have gotten you, so others can avoid them.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeedgimme;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714788;10469367;q?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730402idlp"&gt;White Paper: Converged Services Spell Relief&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Discover why technical decision makers are turning to IP telephony and VPNs to increase worker productivity while keeping an eye on the bottom line.&lt;/p&gt;
Sirius stock soars on Karmazin addition Investors are tuning in to news that the subscription-based programmer has tapped Mel Karmazin, the former Viacom president, to be its new CEO.
Lawmakers agree to new ban on Internet taxes WASHINGTON, Nov 19 (AFP) - The House of Representatives on Friday approved a ban on taxing Internet access and online sales, which US President George W. Bush is expected to sign, a sponsor of the bill said.
Global economic outlook in G20 sights as dlr drops Finance ministers and central bank governors from the 20 biggest economies prepared to meet in Berlin on Saturday to mull the global economic outlook, denying 
Typhoo tea tycoon bags Jimmy Choo for 100m JIMMY CHOO, the luxury footwear brand worn by Sex in the Citys Carrie Bradshaw, has been bought by Hicks Muse, the owner of Typhoo tea and Weetabix.
Ohio paper strikers post own publication YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio -- Striking reporters, photographers and other employees of The Vindicator went online Friday with their own newspaper.
US Investor Steps into Jimmy Choo A US private equity group tonight said it had bought a majority stake in luxury shoe label Jimmy Choo in a deal valuing the company at 101 million.
No. 3 Georgia Tech Routs Alabama St. 74-37 (AP) AP - Jarrett Jack scored 20 points and No. 3 Georgia Tech held Alabama State scoreless for more than nine minutes at the start in a 74-37 rout on Friday.
Ohio Paper Strikers Post Own Publication (AP) AP - Striking reporters, photographers and other employees of The Vindicator went online Friday with their own newspaper.
Gates: Most Spammed Man Alive Bill Gates and Microsoft were in the news a lot this week, most notably with CEO Steve Ballmer claiming that Gates is the most spammed person in the world.
Air Force to standardize Microsoft configurations The US Air Force early next year will require its 525,000 personnel and civilian support staff to use a single and specially configured version of Microsofts operating system and applications, said the military departments CIO.
Internet Hunting Worries State Officials A controversial website, www.live-shot.com, already allows Internet users to fire a .22 caliber rifle at targets on a Texas ranch from afar.
Steam Update November 19, 2004 - Valve updated the Steam site with a bit of news regarding Steam and Half-Life 2 support: A small number of Half-Life 2 customers have been experiencing problems while playing the game, and we have traced these issues to corrupt Steam 
Roan report released Editors note. This story was first reported on www.postindependent.com. For more coverage, please read Sundays Post Indpendent.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas - The Prequel What happened before CJ arrived in Los Santos? Check these screens, details, and exclusive movie to find out. November 19, 2004 - Did you ever wonder what was happening in Los Santos prior to the events of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas?
Some NATO Members Balk at Joining Iraq Mission, U.S. Says (Reuters) Reuters - In an unprecedented departure from
London begins to believe the impossible It was Jonathan Edwards who best summed up the overriding mood when he helped London officially unveil its candidature for the 2012 Olympic Games yesterday.
More Pain In Spain Spains midweek international friendly victory over England was marred by some disgraceful scenes of racism directed at Englands black players, but further sad events which have been so far largely unreported occurred in Madrid on Wednesday evening.
Richards leaves BAR as Honda buy stake David Richards is to stand down as the team principal of British American Racing as part of a deal announced yesterday which sees Honda take a 45 stake in the Brackley-based formula one team worth in the region of 90m.
No. 3 Georgia Tech Routs Alabama St. 74-37 Georgia Tech guard Will Bynum goes to the basket against Alabama State as teammate Theodis Carter looks on during the second half of their season opening game Friday, Nov. 19, 2004.
Busch gets Ford pole (HOMESTEAD, Fla.) - Kurt Busch will start in great position on Sunday as he tries to wrap up the Nextel Cup drivers championship. Busch has won the pole for the season-ending Ford 400 at Homestead-Miami Speedway 
The match that always bears a grudge In sport few teams attract universal love, and in rugby the tribal thing runs deep. Gloucester fans will never welcome Harlequins into their Shed, Bath #39;s followers haven #39;ta good word to say about Gloucester 
Best Mate does enough to remain the punters #39; friend Green was the colour as always here yesterday, as a thousand Barbour jackets mixed with a thousand more country tweeds, but for one afternoon at least claret and blue ran it a close second.
Nothing Too Discreet About Diodes' Plans For Continued Success (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - A few years ago, a cell phone could go three days without a battery recharge. Today, it's up to a week -- and climbing, says C.H. Chen, chief executive of chipmaker Diodes.
Protesters Denounce APEC Summit in Chile A cloud of tear gas surrounds a demonstrator during clashes with Chilean police as protesters stage a rally against the upcoming APEC summit in Santiago, Chile, Friday, Nov. 19, 2004.
Arafat #39;s hospital file taken by widow YASSIR ARAFATS widow visited yesterday the French hospital where he died and retrieved his widely sought medical records, just as his nephew was about to collect them.
MI6 agents drafted in to improve Gaza security MI6 agents and British police are setting up a high-tech control centre for Palestinian security services in the Gaza Strip to help them maintain control in the volatile territory after the death of Yasser Arafat.
UN staff blast officials, spare Annan UNITED NATIONS, Nov 19 (AFP) - The UN staff union on Friday passed a resolution highly critical of the world body #39;s senior management while declining to pin the blame directly on Secretary General Kofi Annan.
Venezuela suspects exiles in prosecutors slaying Venezuela suggested Friday that exiles living in Florida may have masterminded the assassination of a prosecutor investigating a short-lived coup against leftist President Hugo Chvez 
The Long, Long Oracle-PeopleSoft Saga Could Yet Have Many Miles To Journey (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - The oracle of Oracle   seems to have pulled another rabbit out of his hat in his quest to buy rival PeopleSoft  . A majority of PeopleSoft shareholders appeared poised Friday to accept Oracle's offer of  #36;24 per share, though two analysts said it would be close. (Oracle planned to reveal results of its tender offer at about midnight, after press time.)
Democrats Discuss How to Reset Agenda (AP) AP - In the shadow of Bill Clinton and his gleaming new presidential library, leaders of the struggling Democratic Party held informal discussions this week of how to come back from their devastating Election Day losses.
Congress Finishing Up  #36;338B Spending Bill (AP) AP - White House and congressional bargainers sorted through a final pile of disputes Friday on an overdue  #36;388 billion spending bill that would slice President Bush's priorities and curb a wide swath of programs.
Congressional Action at a Glance (AP) AP - Action on Friday as the 108th Congress moved toward adjournment, which is expected on Saturday:
U.N. Chief Urges Warning on Sudan Fighting (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan urged the Security Council to issue "the strongest warning" to all forces fighting in Sudan, saying that ending a 21-year civil war in the country's south would also help halt a humanitarian catastrophe in its Darfur region.
NASA to Donate Data to Aid Plants, Animals (AP) AP - While NASA is best known for putting a man on the moon, the U.S. space agency will now help keep plant and animal species on Earth.
U.N. Abandons Human Cloning Treaty Ban (AP) AP - Both sides in the human cloning debate claimed victory Friday after the United Nations shelved competing proposals for a treaty to ban the procedure and agreed to meet again in February to try to find consensus.
Some NATO Members Balk at Joining Iraq Mission, U.S. Says  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In an unprecedented departure from  NATO practice, several alliance members will not allow their  own officers assigned to NATO's two command centers to  participate in its first collective postwar mission in Iraq, a  senior U.S. official said on Friday.
Mozilla Thunderbird Final Is Set Officials at the Mozilla Foundation are getting ready to release the final version of Thunderbird 1.0 next week, officials said Friday.
Asian Scientists to Launch Genetic Study (AP) AP - Scientists from across Asia will launch a genetic study of the region's people in an attempt to learn why some ethnic groups are more prone to certain diseases.
Is Fanning #39;s Snocap a sno-job? p2pnet.net News Feature:- Reports on Napster creator Shawn Fannings newest p2p application, Snocap, are doing the rounds. Snocap is a, a proprietary Content Identification Service (CIS) that uses audio 
Greenspan Warns of Trade Deficit Risk (AP) AP - Swollen trade deficits eventually could threaten the economy by souring foreign appetites to invest in the United States, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned Friday. The dollar, already sliding, took another nosedive after his remarks.
Guantanamo Bay Detainee Skips Hearing (AP) AP - A prisoner who allegedly spent two months traveling with al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden and helped run a safehouse for the terrorist network refused Friday to attend a hearing on his legal status in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Techies getting on-the-job nontech training? Business and communication skills are important, but many tech pros aren't given such training by employers, according to a report.
FCC approves first software-defined radio SAN FRANCISCO - A technology that could transform wireless communications got a boost on Friday when the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced its first approval of a software-defined radio.
First Look: iPod Brings Music to Your Photos Apple's latest offers a brilliant color screen and photo capabilities, but the price is high.
Time Warp for Jets Just Won't Go Away Because of repeated showings, television viewers continue to argue over how badly the Jets mangled the clock in last Sunday's loss to Baltimore.
Mora's Straight Shooting Has Gone to Falcons' Heart Coach Jim Mora's direct approach has helped lead Atlanta to the second-best record in the N.F.C., behind only the Philadelphia Eagles.
A Baseball Legend Playing a New Position: Flawed Human Jackie Robinson, the man who broke baseball's color barrier, is featured in a new play at the the Castillo Theater in which even a treasured icon is not sacrosanct.
First Look: HP's Hefty Media Center Notebook Pavilion ZD8000 is a TV lover's dream, but it's no lightweight and it doesn't come cheap.
Columnists: Bill Gates Is Right? Bill Gates is right about one thing: asking people to use a two-factor form of authentication would go a long way toward alleviating a lot of the password problems that plague computer security today.
Bell-Ringers Set for Holiday Donations Its that time of year again, as members of the Salvation Army fan out across the Wabash Valley. Its time for their annual Christmas kettle bell ringing season.
In Washington, it #39;ll be  #39;Let #39;s go Nats #39; WASHINGTON - As expected, the Montreal Expos are about to get their new name: the Washington Nationals. A city official and a baseball official, both speaking on condition of anonymity, said Friday that 
Fresh suspicion over Iran #39;s nuclear aims A breakthrough deal between Iran and the EU aimed at defusing an international crisis over Tehran #39;s alleged nuclear ambitions was thrown into uncertainty last night when diplomats said Iran was rushing to process feed material for the manufacture of bomb 
Prosecutor in Chavez coup inquiry is murdered A leading Venezuelan prosecutor investigating the 2002 coup attempt against President Hugo Chavez has been killed in a car bomb attack in Caracas, raising fears of renewed unrest in the country.
Boston #39;s Big Dig Awash in Troubles Twenty years and \$14.6 billion after its conception, the most ambitious public works project in the nation -- an unprecedented effort to route an unsightly highway deep beneath the central 
Spanish Scientists Discover Fossil of Ancient Ape Description: The fossil remains of an ancient Spanish ape may help explain a key event in evolution. Scientists say the skeleton offers clues about how our ancestors stopped swinging from trees and started walking upright.
Microsoft Talks Security, Seriously Products announced this week to streamline software-patch delivery are just part of Microsoft #39;s overall efforts to tighten system security, Scott Charney told attendees of the IT Forum in Copenhagen this week.
Arafat #39;s widow given medical files The widow of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has picked up his medical records from the Paris hospital where he died November 11, and was reviewing the information, her lawyers said.
Indo-Pak thaw: a little chill sets in NEW DELHI, NOVEMBER 19: As the visit of Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz to New Delhi nears, both countries are hardening their stands with Pak President Pervez Musharraf telling AFP today that he was not encouraged by signals from India.
Minister handcuffed to fathers protester Margaret Hodge, the children #39;s minister, was handcuffed to a Fathers 4 Justice protester yesterday as she gave the keynote speech at a Law Society conference.
No Surprise, the Angels Send Guillen On His Way The Anaheim Angels, who had preliminary conversations with the Mets about trading Jose Guillen for Mike Piazza, dealt him to the Washington-bound Expos.
Giants Are Wary of Vick, on the Ground or in the Air The Giants defense has thought about little else except Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick this week.
Gates Signs Deal on Software for the Blind (AP) AP - Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates signed an agreement Friday with a Spanish association for the blind to develop better software for people with visual impairments.
Skulls Trojan Infects Symbian Phones The  quot;Skulls quot; Trojan, which bills itself as  quot;Extended Theme Manager quot; by  quot;Tee-222, quot; has been found on Symbian shareware download sites.
NASA Sets Swift Launch for Saturday Nov. 20 Launch of NASA #39;s Swift spacecraft aboard a Boeing Delta II rocket is scheduled for Saturday Nov. 20 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station complex 17.
Roberts Leads Mississippi St. to 67-54 Win Mississippi State #39;s Marcus Campbell drives to the basket around St. Mary #39;s EJ Rowland during the second half, at the Coaches vs Cancer Classic consolation game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Friday, Nov. 19, 2004.
ABC Says It Won #39;t Attempt to Retain All BCS Games ABC Sports, which has carried the entire Bowl Championship Series since 1998, withdrew yesterday from talks to retain the full package of games.
Myanmar Frees Number Two Political Prisoner-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar's ruling generals have freed\their second most prominent political prisoner, Min Ko Naing,\leader of student democracy protests in 1988, a source close to\his family said on Saturday.
Iraqi Unrest May Delay Elections, Officials Warn (Update2) Elections in Iraq scheduled to take place by Jan. 31 may be postponed because of continued widespread violence or a coordinated boycott by Sunni Muslims, US and Iraqi officials said.
Euro parliament approves new commission The European Parliament in Brussels approved a new team of EU commissioners Thursday with 66 percent of members in favor, the BBC reported.
Muslim-secular rift deepens in Netherlands A yawning religious and racial chasm has opened in the Netherlands in the two weeks since a Muslim apparently killed a secular Dutch filmmaker.
China Widens Economic Role in Latin America Driven by one of the largest and most sustained economic expansions in history, China is increasingly turning to South America as a supplier.
Icahn Offers \$5.4 Billion for Mylan, Drug Maker The billionaire financier Carl Icahn offered to buy the generic drug maker Mylan Laboratories to force the company to drop its acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals.
At Penn State, Concerns Grow Over a Fading Football Legend Alumni, fans and some former players are asking if Coach Joe Paterno is still capable of meeting the enormous expectations of the football empire he built.
Mariucci Says Notre Dame Called Him (AP) AP - Lions coach Steve Mariucci said Saturday he was contacted by Notre Dame about its coaching vacancy but decided to stay with Detroit.
No. 18 Alabama Beats W. Carolina 97-66 (AP) AP - Kennedy Winston scored 24 points to lead No. 18 Alabama over Western Carolina 97-66 on Friday night.
News: Judge dismisses keylogger case Covert use of a hardware keystroke logger does not violate federal wiretap law, court rules.
Oil majors cannot spurn Yukos morsels LIKE beetles scurrying for cover after a stone is lifted, the oil companies of the West feigned disinterest yesterday in the \$8 billion (4.3 billion) fire 
Peoplesoft bid hangs in balance US software giant Oracle #39;s \$9.2bn (4.9bn) bid for rival Peoplesoft was hanging in the balance on Friday as investors pondered its takeover offer.
Senator reads Air Force-Boeing e-mail exchanges, demands &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., stood on the Senate floor Friday and read e-mail exchanges between Boeing Co., executives and Air Force officials that he said revealed an improper 
No. 13 Vanderbilt Routs St. Francis 102-47 Carla Thomas scored 23 points, Ashley Earley 22 and Dee Davis a career-high 21 as No. 13 Vanderbilt opened the season with a 102-47 victory over St.
US condemns recent Tamil Tiger attacks, welcomes Sri Lankan peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : The United States condemned recent attacks by Sri Lanka #39;s Tamil Tigers as an  quot;assault quot; on the country #39;s fragile peace process and welcomed this week #39;s government overture to the separatist rebels.
Sen. Harkin Has Cancerous Patch Removed (AP) AP - Sen. Tom Harkin said Friday that he had a cancerous patch of skin removed from his forehead.
Pacers Fight with Pistons' Fans  AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (Sports Network) - Ron Artest scored 24  points, as Indiana defeated Detroit 97-82 in a game that was  stopped late in the fourth quarter due to a fight on the court  that spilled into the stands and included the fans.
Top-Ranked Kansas Holds Off Upset-Minded Vermont  LAWRENCE, Kan. (Sports Network) - Wayne Simien had 25  points and 14 rebounds as the top-ranked Kansas Jayhawks  survived a scare and fought off the Vermont Catamounts, 68-61.
Georgia Crematory Manager Pleads Guilty and Gives Apology Nearly three years after hundreds of bodies were found scattered, stacked and left to rot at the Tri-State Crematory, its manager pleaded guilty on Friday to theft, fraud 
Congress Votes to Ban States From Taxing Internet Service Congress passed a measure Friday putting a three-year ban on state and local governments #39; taxation of the monthly fees that Internet providers charge their customers.
US Airways strike averted until new year Travelers flying US Airways during the coming holidays can breathe a little easier. The threat of labor-related disruptions has eased ... for the moment. Expanded hearings next month have decreased the likelihood 
FCC Says A La Carte TV Would Cost More Most consumers would end up paying more for cable and satellite television if they were allowed to pick only the channels they wanted to watch instead of being forced to buy large packages 
Air Force Pitch for Boeing Detailed Air Force Secretary James G. Roche asked a lobbyist for Boeing Co. to use the company #39;s Washington contacts to  quot;quash quot; a deputy undersecretary of defense and make him  quot;pay an appropriate 
IRS widens target for tax return audits The Internal Revenue Service is gearing up for tax season. And while it may be a kinder, gentler IRS these days, the agency is still coming after you - especially if you make a lot of money.
Letter rankles Mylan Investor Carl Icahn issued a \$20-per-share bid to acquire Mylan Laboratories Inc. on Friday and said  quot;at least quot; three other potential buyers in the generic drug industry could offer more.
Equity Firm to Take Over Shoe Retailer The stiletto-heel shoe specialist Jimmy Choo changed hands on Friday, when the private equity company Hicks, Muse, Tate  amp; Furst purchased a controlling stake in the company, valuing it at 101 million (\$188 million).
Brawl With Fans Mars Pacers' Victory in Detroit Indiana's Ron Artest and Stephen Jackson charged into the stands and fought with fans, and the game was called with 45.9 seconds left.
India Warns U.S. on Arms Sales to Pakistan  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - India warned on Friday that new  American arms sales to Pakistan could harm improving New  Delhi-Washington ties as well as a promising dialogue between  the South Asia's two nuclear rivals.
Intel  amp; nVidia Sign Sweeping Licensing Agreement Intel and graphics processing vendor nVidia said today that they have signed a wide-ranging technology sharing pact that will let nVidia use Intels front-side bus (FSB) technology.
Another Month, Another Round Of Lawsuits It is becoming a monthly ritual as more people use p2p networks and the industry keeps the courts busy with John Doe lawsuits. In an RIAA press release, RIAA president Cary Sherman said:  quot;During the fall, we 
Detroit #39;s Elephants Left Out in the Cold Wanda and Winky, the two Asian elephants that officials at the Detroit Zoo want to send from the northern cold to a southern sanctuary, must go to the Columbus Zoo instead, the accrediting association for the nation #39;s zoos has decided.
Google Graduates to Vertical Search OK, I #39;ll be the first to admit I #39;m probably out of my league writing about the latest Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) tool being offered for beta testing.
Chimeras a Step Closer to Reality In California, mice peer from their cages with human brain cells firing inside their skulls. These are not outcasts from  quot;The Island of Dr.
Giants Are Wary of Vick, on the Ground or in the Air The Giants' defense has thought about little else except Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick this week.
Safin secures last berth Maraf Safin finally secured a berth at the semi-finals of the year-end Masters Cup after an easy victory over Tim Henman. The two were even at 1-1 when they took to the court.
RYDER CUP ROOKIES IN POLE POSITION A season which brought them their first Ryder Cup caps and a record-breaking win in Detroit now sees Luke Donald and Paul Casey gunning for World Cup glory.
Richards is leaving BAR David Richards has stood down as boss of Formul One team BAR after a change of ownership. Honda and founders British American Tobacco plan to form a joint venture company, replacing 
Ferguson: Rooney Will Cool It in Three Years Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson claims hothead striker Wayne Rooney will cool down in two or three years. Rooney has been widely criticised for his actions during Englands friendly defeat by Spain in Madrid on Wednesday.
Santa Clara Shocks 4th-Ranked North Carolina OAKLAND, Calif. (Sports Network) - Travis Niesen scored a career-high 26 points, Kyle Bailey added 20 and Santa Clara shocked No. 4 North Carolina with a 77-66 victory in a Pete Newell Challenge game at The Arena.
Busch wins Ford 400 pole HOMESTEAD, Fla. - Kurt Busch wanted everyone else in contention to win the Nextel Cup Series championship to chase him in the Ford 400.
Suns 107, Lakers 102 Amare Stoudemire scored 33 points, including the go-ahead three-point play with 51.8 seconds remaining, to power the Phoenix Suns to a 107-102 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night.
Mavericks 103, Knicks 101 Dirk Nowitzki had 30 points and 12 rebounds to lead the short-handed Dallas Mavericks to a 103-101 victory over the New York Knicks on Friday night.
PM arrives in Chile for APEC summit SANTIAGO, Nov 20 (TNA) - Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra arrived in the Chilean capital city of Santiago this early morning to attend the 12th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit due to be held on 20-21 November (local time).
Arafat #39;s Widow Retrieves Medical Records In this picture released by the Palestinian Authority, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, center, shakes hands with doctors at his compound in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Oct. 28, 2004 file photo.
US-European tensions deepen over Irans nuclear program Next weeks meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) board of governors over Irans nuclear programs is looming as a tense diplomatic battleground between the US and its European rivals.
Myanmar frees number two political prisoner as they sought to measure the significance of a purge of Prime Minister Khin Nyunt and his intelligence apparatus last month. The release could be a signal that the generals may be willing to move seriously on political reform, they said.
Finally, green signal to Kyoto A GOOD news for environmentalists and all those who love Mother Earth came yesterday with Russia formally declaring that it has ratified the Kyoto protocol.
US Drops Effort for Treaty Banning Cloning Faced with polarizing division in the 191-member General Assembly, the United States on Friday abandoned its aggressively pursued attempt to obtain a United Nations 
US may boost troop levels in Iraq The US says it may send more troops to Iraq before January, depending on the outcome of its offensive in Falluja.
Greenspan warns over US deficit Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan says the US trade deficit cannot be sustained indefinitely.
U.S. Soldiers and Iraqis Raid Mosque in Baghdad, Killing 3 The operation by U.S. and Iraqi troops may have been aimed at a cleric said to have incited insurgent violence.
Greenspan Sees No Rise Soon for the Dollar Alan Greenspan's suggestions offered little relief to those in Europe who worry that the U.S. is seeking to gain an advantage for its industries from a weaker currency.
Negotiators Add Abortion Clause to Spending Bill House and Senate negotiators have tucked a potentially far-reaching anti-abortion provision into a \$388 billion must-pass spending bill.
Once a Model, a Health Plan Is Endangered Tennessee's health care plan for the state's most vulnerable residents, once hailed as an example for the nation, is on the ropes.
Tar Heels Suffer Upset Santa Clara surprises No. 4 North Carolina, 77-66, in the Tar Heels' season opener at the Pete Newell Challenge on Friday night.
Diplomats Say Tehran Sends Wrong Signal Officials say Iran has's continued conversion of uranium for enrichment signals potential trouble for a new and still untested agreement between the Islamic republic and European countries.
Michigan Nips No. 20 Notre Dame 61-60 (AP) AP - Daniel Horton's three-point play with 20.7 seconds to go lifted Michigan to a 61-60 win over No. 20 Notre Dame on Saturday.
United Loses Trio D.C. United loses three players to the expansion draft Friday, including veteran defender Ezra Hendrickson.
Family, Friends Mourn a Soldier and a Poet  The last day Christina DiPasquale saw her best friend, he gave her Gabriel Garcia Marquez's autobiography, "Living to Tell the Tale." Since it was the first of a trilogy, he told her, he would have to come back from Iraq to give her the rest of the story.
Navy Can't Finish Chris Pugh's three-pointer erases a Navy lead with 1 minute 13 seconds remaining Friday night as Maryland-Baltimore County rallies past the Midshipmen, 67-61.
From an Iraqi Pulpit, Prayers and Politics Friday sermons rival Arab satellite channels such as al-Jazeera in their influence over Iraqi opinion.
Fallujans Get Grim Task: Grave Digging Residents will be paid \$5 a day for one of the first tasks that will prepare the city for the eventual return of its 250,000 citizens, most of whom fled before the Nov. 8 ground assault.
Suns Power Past Lakers 107-102 (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored 33 points, including the go-ahead three-point play with 51.8 seconds remaining, to power the Phoenix Suns to a 107-102 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night.
No. 5 Syracuse Dismantles No. 24 Memphis (AP) AP - Syracuse's stars got the Orange a tournament title. Hakim Warrick had 25 points, and Gerry McNamara added 21 to lead No. 5 Syracuse to a 77-62 victory over No. 24 Memphis on Friday night in the championship game of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.
Pacers Fight with Pistons' Fans (Reuters) Reuters - Ron Artest scored 24\points, as Indiana defeated Detroit 97-82 in a game that was\stopped late in the fourth quarter due to a fight on the court\that spilled into the stands and included the fans.
No. 21 Oklahoma Tops SE Missouri St. 84-62 (AP) AP - Dionnah Jackson had 23 points and eight assists to lead No. 21 Oklahoma to an 84-62 season-opening victory over Southeast Missouri State on Friday night.
Three Share Pebble Beach Lead (AP) AP - Former tournament winner Kirk Triplett and PGA Tour rookie Ryan Palmer shot 6-under 66s on Friday and share a one-stroke lead with reigning Nationwide Tour champion Nick Watney after two rounds of the Pebble Beach Invitational.
Syracuse, Off to a Fast Start, Wins Tournament Facing two Top 25 teams in two nights in the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic, the Orange handled both with relative ease.
MAN IN THE NEWS A Firebrand on Drug Safety Every few years, a whistle-blower arrives on Capitol Hill and shakes up a federal agency with charges of incompetence and misfeasance.
Vital Signs for the Week of Nov. 22 The dollar is dipping again. After falling against major currencies such as the euro, yen, and Canadian dollar in 2002 and 2003, the greenback stabilized this year.
Hornets Stand in Way Howard, at 6-4 overall and 3-3 in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference, can clinch a winning record in the MEAC with a win over Delaware State on Saturday.
Georgia Tech Wins Easy The third-ranked Yellow Jackets use a stifling defensive effort to crush the Alabama State Hornets, 74-37, on Friday night.
Mixed Messages With the season winding down and conference championship games approaching, it seems an appropriate time to remind people of why some conferences are in favor of these games and why others aren't.
Bender Hurt Again Pacers forward Jonathan Bender is expected to be out six weeks with an injured left knee. The knee has troubled Bender his entire career.
ABC Shuns BCS ABC has pulled its contract offer to the Bowl Championship Series, a move that could result in three of college football's biggest games moving to another network.
Fans, Players Brawl Indiana's Ron Artest and Stephen Jackson charge into the stands and brawl with fans in the final minute of their game against Detroit.
Honda and Regulators Meet on Engine Fires in S.U.V.'s Honda told regulators that faulty gaskets are a major factor in an engine problem that has led to fires in its CRV sport utility vehicles.
Target stores tell Salvation Army to retreat between Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve last year, The Salvation Army raised nearly \$40,000 from its signature Christmas kettles at five local Target stores.
Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov't Swipes at U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - A Venezuelan prosecutor\probing a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez was killed by\a car bomb that the government blamed on Friday on radical\opponents it said were training in the United States.
The secret to the rise of Man? Man became the world #39;s alpha species thanks to his outsized brain, according to the view that has dominated anthropology for decades.
Sorenstam benefits from  #39;mother of all #39; shots World number one Annika Sorenstam posted a 4-under-par round of 68 overnight to open a three-shot lead midway through the season-ending LPGA tournament at West Palm Beach, Florida.
Syracuse, Off to a Fast Start, Wins Tournament The season may be young, but No. 6 Syracuse has already made a statement. Facing two Top 25 teams in two nights in the Coaches vs.
Busch wins pole at Homestead Kurt Busch surprised himself by winning the pole yesterday for the NASCAR season finale, putting himself in excellent shape for the opening laps of Sunday #39;s climactic Ford 400.
No. 21 Oklahoma Tops SE Missouri St. 84-62 Oklahoma guard Dionnah Jackson (35) dribbles upcourt while SE Missouri State forward Simone Jackson (24) chase her Friday, Nov. 19, 2004, during Oklahoma #39;s season opener in Norman, Okla.
COLLEGE BASKETBALL ROUNDUP Santa Clara Knocks Off No. 4 North &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Travis Niesen scored 26 points and Kyle Bailey made three second-half 3-pointers to help Santa Clara spoil No. 4 North Carolina #39;s season opener, 77-66, last night in the Pete Newell Challenge in Oakland, Calif.
Mets May Pick Up ex-Yank NEW YORK - The Angels #39; surprise trade of Jose Guillen to the Expos Friday eliminated one potential addition to the Mets #39; lineup, and possibly one of the suitors for high-priced catcher Mike Piazza.
Chile Police Clash With Summit Protesters A cloud of tear gas surrounds a demonstrator during clashes with Chilean police as protesters stage a rally against the upcoming APEC summit in Santiago, Chile, Friday, Nov. 19, 2004.
Iraqi Insurgency Continues to Overshadow January Election &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A top US military official in charge of the Middle East says coalition forces will do all they can to ensure Iraqi elections set for late January will go ahead.
UK welcomes progress made by India, Pakistan : Shillong, Nov 19 : The UK today welcomed the progress made by India and Pakistan to normalise bilateral relations and said it would support this endeavour  #39;only from outside #39;.
US withdraws effort to ban human cloning worldwide The Bush administration has dropped its bid this year for a global ban on human cloning, avoiding what promised to be an acrimonious battle at the United 
Chile Police Clash With Summit Protesters More than 25,000 protesters marched through downtown Santiago on Friday, demonstrating against an economic summit of Pacific Rim leaders, the attendance of President Bush and the U.S.-led war in Iraq. Protests elsewhere turned violent and dozens were arrested.
Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov't Swipes at U.S. &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Patrick Markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan prosecutorprobing a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez was killed bya car bomb that the government blamed on Friday on radicalopponents it said were training in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;
Chavez Vows to Find Prosecutor's Killers President Hugo Chavez vowed Friday that Venezuela's intelligence services would identify the assassins of a state attorney who intended to prosecute backers of Venezuela's 2002 coup.
Fed chief shakes markets Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan shook financial markets yesterday with a warning that foreign nations may tire of financing the huge US trade and budget deficits.
Black players are taunted in Spain I #39;m mad at people who think it #39;s funny to taunt black soccer players. I #39;m saddened that a small group - I hope it #39;s just a small group but I have my doubts -f stupid fans are ruining, what 
Pacers Brawl With Fans During Pistons Game Indiana Pacers center Jermaine O #39;Neal, left, collides with Detroit Pistons forward Antonio McDyess (24) while driving to the basket iin the second quarter Friday, Nov. 19, 2004, in Auburn Hills, Mich.
Steffy #39;s Status for Finale Is in Question Maryland freshman quarterback Jordan Steffy was released from a hospital near Virginia Tech on Thursday night and returned to College Park with his team, although his status remains in doubt for the Nov. 27 season finale against Wake Forest.
Busch On Pole For Finale HOMESTEAD - All five of the Nextel Cup championship contenders have vowed to be on the offensive this weekend. Kurt Busch converted words into actions Friday, winning the pole for Sunday #39;s championship-deciding 
Kansas squeaks pass Vermont, 68-61 Senior forward Wayne Simien scored 25 points and grabbed 14 rebounds, leading the No. 1-ranked Kansas Jayhawks to a 68-61 season-opening win over the Vermont Catamounts.
Trail Blazers Defeat Bucks 110-98 (AP) AP - Damon Stoudamire scored 33 points and Zach Randolph added 22 points and 18 rebounds to lead the Portland Trail Blazers to a 110-98 victory Friday night over the Milwaukee Bucks.
UN staff in uproar over top leadership The UN staff union met yesterday to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the world body, which has been rocked by a series of scandals involving top officials.
No. 9 UNC Routs Elon 86-40 in Opener (AP) AP - Ivory Latta scored 17 points to lead No. 9 North Carolina to an 86-40 victory over Elon in the season opener for both teams Friday night.
Congress Votes to Ban States From Taxing Internet Service Congress passed a measure putting a three-year ban on taxation of the monthly fees that Internet providers charge their customers.
Temperatures Dip in Europe, Sending Price of Oil Up 4.8 The price of crude oil surged 4.8 percent in New York yesterday, the biggest rise in more than five months, on concern that cold weather in Europe will draw heating oil from the United States.
No. 22 Washington Scuttles Seattle Pacific Washington #39;s Mike Jensen, left, keeps the ball away from Seattle Pacific #39;s Matt Birkle, right, in the first half in Seattle on Friday, Nov 19, 2004.
Bowden lands slugger Guillen Jim Bowden continued to lead the hot stove league in deals yesterday when Washington #39;s interim general manager acquired power hitter and problem child Jose Guillen in a trade that sent two 
Santa Clara Shocks 4th-Ranked North Carolina  OAKLAND, Calif., (Sports Network) - Travis Niesen scored a  career-high 26 points, Kyle Bailey added 20 and Santa Clara  shocked No. 4 North Carolina with a 77-66 victory in a Pete  Newell Challenge game at The Arena.
Gauthier: One store #39;s ban another #39;s opportunity Bear with me a moment and take part in a bit of holiday whimsy. Close your eyes and think about Christmases past. What do you see?
Update 1: Eisner Told King, Board Different Stories Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner testified Thursday that he told Disney #39;s directors he was hoping to  quot;trade quot; president Michael Ovitz to Sony Corp.
Fannie Mae hit with fresh lawsuit WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Another group of investors hit beleaguered mortgage giant Fannie Mae with a lawsuit late Friday, charging the company hurt shareholders by deliberately misrepresenting earnings.
Nintendo DS breaks new ground NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - In June 2001, Nintendo launched the Game Boy Advance -nd gamers cheered. Twenty-one months later, the company rolled out the Game Boy Advance SP  - that cheering turned into an ovation.
Robinson carries UW #39;s big hopes SEATTLE -- The smallest man on the court always seems to make the biggest plays for the Washington Huskies. Dazzling guard Nate Robinson is one of the most exciting players in the country.
Busch zooms to front in qualifying HOMESTEAD, Fla. - Sometimes things are not as they seem, and on those days, stock-car events are impossible to predict. The driver who won the pole for Sundays Ford 400 had qualified 22nd, 21st, seventh 
Hokies are free to focus on Cavs Until late Thursday night, Virginia Tech #39;s football players were under strict orders from coach Frank Beamer to think, speak and dream only of the University of Maryland.
Carolina, Clemson fans square off in annual gift of life #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CORDOVA - Collegiate loyalties run deep, and there #39;s no school rivalry any more intense than the one between the Clemson University Tigers and the University of South Carolina Gamecocks, whose fans are even willing to bleed for their teams.
Ex-crematory operator admits dumping corpses A former crematory operator pleaded guilty Friday to dumping more than 330 corpses on his property and giving the relatives of the dead cement dust instead of ashes.
Problem of Big Dig leaks widespread, records show Boston -- Leaks in the Big Dig highway tunnel system are more widespread than officials have acknowledged, and top construction managers warned as far back as six years ago about problems that could cause waterproofing failures, records show.
Ohio Sues Fannie Mae, Alleges Securities Fraud Fannie Mae, the largest buyer of US home loans, was accused of securities fraud by Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro, who said the company manipulated its earnings to artificially inflate its stock price.
New team name coming Monday; Guillen acquired from Angels WASHINGTON - On the day the Montreal Expos got a new name, they also bolstered the offense with the acquisition of outfielder Jose Guillen from the Angels.
15 rebels killed in Iraq #39;s Mosul while US plans to beef up forces About 15 rebels have been killed by Iraqi and US forces over a 24-hour period in Mosul, while the United States plans Friday to further strengthen troops in Iraq.
UN hails Burma inmates' release The UN Secretary General says he is  "encouraged" by the release of several top political prisoners in Burma.
Wade Silences Jazz Miami's Dwyane Wade sends the game into overtime with two free throws, and wins it in the extra session with a fading jumper at the buzzer to stun Utah.
Myanmar Student Leader 'Wakes from Dreamland' (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar's second most prominent\political prisoner said Saturday he felt like he had "awoken\from dreamland" after he returned home from nearly 16 years in\jail.
Oracle wins PeopleSoft shareholder vote PeopleSoft investors keep \$9.2 billion bid in play, but the deal still faces hurdles.
This stands as low point I originally had intended to write something about the Spurs' ongoing invincibility against the Celtics, how the next time Boston beats the Spurs, Tim Duncan will be sipping a pina colada under a mango tree in St. Croix. But then I switched gears and planned to address Paul Pierce and his unflattering body language, and why he looks so darn ...
Sox adjust their offer to Martinez The Red Sox never said their first offer to Pedro Martinez was their last. And while one prominent member of the Yankees after another wooed the three-time Cy Young Award winner in recent days, the Sox sweetened their offer to Martinez, though not enough to reach an agreement with the prized free agent.
A final thought in mind When the first maple leaves began to turn red, the phone started ringing in Andover. Linda Young would pick up and hear the pained voice of her daughter, Robin, a senior volleyball star at Williams.  quot;Mom, quot; she'd say,  quot;I can't believe this is the last time I'm going to play at Hamilton. quot; Time passed. Leaves turned. The phone ...
Front-row ticket obtained by Busch Pressure? What pressure? Kurt Busch, last in the qualifying line and first in the NASCAR Nextel Cup points, waited out 54 drivers yesterday, then won the pole for the season-ending Ford 400, which will determine the 2004 champion.
Troubled Guillen dealt to Washington The Anaheim Angels traded troubled outfielder Jose Guillen to the Washington-bound Expos for outfielder Juan Rivera and prospect Maicer Izturis yesterday.
Walpole back on top State titles were common for the Walpole field hockey teams of the 1990s, and now that prize has returned to Common Street.
Friars are let off the hook by Eagles Top-ranked Boston College dominated the first two periods, but Providence came on in the third and emerged with a 2-2 tie at Schneider Arena last night.
Oracle takes a giant step, wins 61pc of PeopleSoft shares After nearly 18 months of stuggle, and a  quot;final offer quot; deadline that expired at midnight, Oracle now owns of 61 per cent of PeopleSoft -- a giant, but not quite final, step toward winning control of the company.
Business world has mixed reaction to Perez move The announcement Thursday that William Perez was leaving SC Johnson to take over as CEO of Nike Inc. surprised the business world.
Digital delight for EMI in war on pirates EMI, home to artists such as Robbie Williams, Radiohead and Norah Jones, reported explosive growth in digital music sales yesterday and said it was winning the battle against piracy.
Crematory operator guilty of dumping 334 bodies A former crematory operator pleaded guilty yesterday to dumping more than 330 corpses on his property and giving the relatives of the dead cement dust instead of ashes.
IRS trying to give lots of money back Many people could use some extra money this time of year. It just so happens the Internal Revenue Service has some extra money on hand -- and if you are among the 2,915 taxpayers in Georgia 
Vodafone, Optus agree on shared 3G network in Australia The Australian mobile carrier units of Vodafone Group PLC and Singapore Telecommunications Ltd. have agreed to roll out a combined third-generation (3G) cellular network in the country, they said Friday.
Lawmakers OK new rules on special education Washington -- A House-Senate conference committee on Wednesday approved major changes in the law that governs special education for 6.5 million disabled students, charting new ways for schools to identify children for extra help more swiftly, reduce legal 
EISNER POOH-POOHS HOLLYWOOD  #39;CLICHES #39; Michael Eisner lashed out at the  quot;clichd quot; portrayal of the  quot;real quot; Hollywood in his fifth and final day testifying in a shareholder suit over former company president Michael Ovitz #39;s lucrative payout.
Ringing in the season The sounds of tinkling bells could be heard above the bustle of the Farmers Market on the Long Beach Promenade, leading shoppers to a row of bright red tin kettles dotting a pathway Friday.
Boston #39;s  #39;Big Dig #39; is still a big nuisance for officials, builders In a burgeoning political and engineering scandal, Boston #39;s gleaming new underground Interstate 93 is riddled with hundreds of leaks.
Hu #39;s Latin-America trip finds lots in common Many Chinese, including myself, probably have a vague idea of what Latin America looks like. President Hu Jintao #39;s ongoing four-nation trip to the region, which has hit headlines lately, has made the image clearer.
Fight on court between Pistons and Pacers leads to ugly brawl in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Players and fans exchanged punches in the stands as an NBA game turned so ugly a police investigation was necessary. Indiana #39;s Ron Artest and Stephen Jackson charged into the stands and fought with fans in 
LONDON 2012: UP AND RUNNING Coe sticks knife into Madrid Olympics &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; He changed his speech to say a British Olympics would showcase our  quot;ethnic diversity and tolerance quot; - a swipe at Madrid #39;s race-hate soccer shame.
Honda claim stake in BAR F1 team Major Japanese automaker Honda Motor is to acquire a 45 per cent stake in the BAR Formula One motorsports team. British American Tobacco will hold the remaining 55 per cent stake in the team, which will continue 
Rapids lose two players in MLS expansion draft Colorado Rapids defenders Antonio de la Torre and Jeff Stewart were selected by CD Chivas USA in the MLS expansion draft on Friday.
Radioactive in Iran BECAUSE IRAN has not been truthful about its nuclear activities in the past, the International Atomic Energy Agency, the European Union, and the United States have been trying to ascertain whether some of those activities belong to a nuclear weapons 
UN Delays Cloning Decision The United Nations has put off for this year the question of whether to draft a treaty that would ban all human cloning. Diplomats instead settled on a compromise political declaration.
Dutch pol flays Muslim  #39;threat #39; One of the most popular politicians in the Netherlands said yesterday his country #39;s democracy is under threat and called for rejecting immigration from non-Western nations in 
Killing fuels Dutch clash of cultures UDEN, Netherlands -- They had gathered for prayers at a mosque on the final night of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan when someone shouted, ''Fire at the school! quot;
Chavez vows to find prosecutor's killers  VENEZUELA CARACAS -- President Hugo Chavez vowed yesterday that Venezuela's intelligence services would identify the assassins of a state attorney who intended to prosecute backers of Venezuela's 2002 coup. Danilo Anderson, known to many Venezuelans as the  quot;super prosecutor, quot; was killed Thursday night by two explosions that ripped through his vehicle in the capital. The assassination renewed the specter of ...
Iran continues work despite deadline, diplomats say VIENNA -- Raising doubts about its commitment to dispel international distrust, Iran is producing significant quantities of a gas that can be used to make nuclear arms just days before it must stop all work related to uranium enrichment, diplomats said yesterday.
Egyptians lash out at Israel in protest  CAIRO -- Egyptians enraged at Israel's mistaken killing of three border policemen protested yesterday after Friday prayers at Cairo's main mosque under a banner that read:  quot;The pigs' apology doesn't quench our rage. quot;
American deaths The Pentagon has identified the following US service members who were killed recently in Iraq:
Afghan elections seen as setback for Taliban KABUL, Afghanistan -- The Taliban movement suffered a serious psychological and military setback after failing to disrupt Afghanistan's presidential election last month, but the radical Islamic militia still poses a formidable military threat and one faction has begun carrying out daring, Al Qaeda-style urban terrorist attacks, say Afghan and foreign analysts.
Baghdad Governor Assassinated; Bomber Kills 11  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen killed Baghdad's governor in  Iraq's highest-profile assassination for eight months and a  suicide bomber killed 11 people on Tuesday in an escalating  campaign to wreck the Jan. 30 election.
Air Force  Pitch for  Boeing  Detailed E-mail records show Air Force Secretary James G. Roche put pressure on opponents of a plan to lease Boeing 767 tanker aircraft.
State adds 4,000 jobs in October Massachusetts gained nearly 4,000 payroll jobs last month while the jobless rate held steady after hitting a three-year low in September, the state reported yesterday.
FDA under fire First, Vioxx was pulled from the market. Now attention turns to five other drugs, which deserve scrutiny, a Food and Drug Administration scientist warned Congress this week.
Fed chief warns on budget, trade gaps Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan yesterday urged the federal government to reduce its budget deficit and encourage greater personal saving, warning that foreign investors will not finance endless growth in America's huge trade gap.
Over 100 will lose jobs amid MedSource sale More than 100 workers in Newton are scheduled to lose their jobs by February amid the purchase of MedSource Technologies Inc. by another medical device contract manufacturer, the new owner acknowledged yesterday.
Utility, AG in agreement Massachusetts Electric Co. , the state's biggest utility, reached a \$71 million agreement with Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly to freeze most rates through March 1 and offer all customers a monthly credit averaging 43 cents for the year after that. With the seven-year-old system of state-controlled  quot;standard offer quot; power rates set to expire in March, the settlement pact is ...
Russia sets date for auction of oil giant Yukos The protracted legal battle over Russian oil giant Yukos appeared to enter its final phase yesterday when the government set a date to auction off a majority stake in the company's richest energy fields and demanded another \$6 billion in back taxes from a business already facing a crippling \$14 billion bill for outstanding taxes and fines.
Computer grid to help the world Through the World Community Grid, your computer could help address the world's health and social problems.
U.S. to Help Rebuild Tsunami-Stricken Lives -- Powell  PHUKET, Thailand (Reuters) - The United States will help  the millions devastated by the Indian Ocean tsunami rebuild  their lives, but an effort on the scale of the Marshall Plan is  probably not needed, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on  Tuesday.
Oracle-- 61 Pct PeopleSoft Stock Tendered (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp. Friday said 61\percent of PeopleSoft Inc. shares were tendered for its\ #36;24-a-share offer, strengthening Oracle's hostile bid position\as it waits to see if PeopleSoft's board will remove the final\barrier to a deal.
Aid Flights Resume in Indonesia's Aceh  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Salvage crews dragged a  damaged Boeing 737 cargo jet off the runway at Banda Aceh  airport on Tuesday, clearing the way for flights to resume  bringing in relief aid for Indonesian quake and tsunami  victims.
Majority of PeopleSoft shareholders accept Oracle bid A majority of PeopleSoft'sshareholders gave Oraclethe green light to continue its hostile bid for control of the company, tendering more than 60 percent of PeopleSoft's outstanding shares into Oracle's \$24 per share cash offer by the Friday deadline.
Bye Provides Patriots Time to Study (AP) AP - The New England Patriots have an extra week to study their next opponent  #151; whoever that might be.
Misery loves company when it comes to spam I #39;M FEELING a little bit better about the hundreds of junk e-mails I get every day now that I #39;ve read that someone else has much bigger e-mail troubles.
Pacers brawl with Detroit spectators in NBA nightmare melee Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. AUBURN HILLS, Michigan, United States of America -- An epic brawl involving Indiana Pacers players and angry 
Earnhardt well aware that he has no shot at title HOMESTEAD, Fla.  Eleven minutes after the start of a press conference featuring the drivers still alive in the chase for the Nextel Cup, Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Myanmar junta frees  #39;number two #39; political prisoner Yangon, Nov. 20: Myanmar #39;s Military Government has freed the country #39;s second most prominent political prisoner, student democracy leader Min Ko Naing, an Opposition party spokesman said today.
Pacers Battle Trash-Throwing Pistons Fans (AP) AP - Players and fans exchanged punches in the stands as an NBA game turned so ugly a police investigation was necessary. Indiana's Ron Artest and Stephen Jackson charged into the stands and fought with fans in the final minute of their game against the Detroit Pistons on Friday night, and the brawl forced an early end to the Pacers' 97-82 win.
Sorenstam Leads ADT Championship by Three (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam felt as if she had hit a wall in the ADT championship.
Busch on Pole in Race for NASCAR Title (AP) AP - Kurt Busch came to Homestead-Miami Speedway with more in mind than just winning the NASCAR Nextel Cup championship.
Germany: Bayern Mnchen held in goals galore weekend in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Frankfurt Dec 4 (SW) - Week sixteen of the German Bundesliga and with one game before the winter break, Bayern Mnchen drew 2-2 on Saturday to stretch their lead to three points over FC Schalke who travel to Dortmund on Sunday.
Pacers brawl with Detroit spectators in NBA nightmare melee (AFP) AFP - An epic brawl involving Indiana Pacers players and angry Detroit Pistons fans turned into a near-riot, the most disgraceful day in National Basketball Association history yet.
Earthquake Hits Costa Rica During Summit (AP) AP - An earthquake shook people awake in the Costa Rican capital early Saturday, where leaders of 21 nations had gathered for a summit meeting.
Final Touches Set on Africa Great Lakes Peace Plan (Reuters) Reuters - African leaders put final touches\on a new, U.N.-backed peace plan for the troubled Great Lakes\countries on Saturday amid fresh allegations of gun-running,\abuse and violence in the vast, volatile region.
Taiwan opposition demands evidence on Chen's "soft coup" allegations (AFP) AFP - Taiwan opposition leaders have demanded President Chen Shui-bian provide evidence for his repeated allegations that military generals had plotted a "soft coup" in collaboration with rival China to cripple his government.
Burma junta frees top dissident A dissident who led the 1988 student protests in Burma is freed, as part of a release of 4,000 prisoners.
McCain threatens legislation to curb drugs in baseball com Staff  December 4, 2004. US Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) said yesterday that he will introduce legislation for mandatory drug testing of athletes if major league baseball players and owners do 
Air raids hit Philippines rebels Up to 10 people are killed in air strikes on rebels in the southern island of Mindanao.
Malaysia lays down bus ultimatum Malaysia's express bus fleet could be taken off the roads for speeding and ignoring fines, the government says.
Cricket: Pressure mounts on NZ Glenn McGrath's maiden Test fifty takes Australia to 564-9 against New Zealand, ahead by 211 runs.
Burma junta frees top dissident Burma #39;s military junta has freed a top dissident - second only to Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi - as part of a release of 4,000 prisoners.
Great Lakes peace pact signed Eleven African countries have signed a UN-backed peace deal for the Great Lakes region, pledging an end to the genocide, war, hunger and disease that has killed 3 million over more than a decade.
EMI #39;s upbeat tone lifts shares EMI shares surged 15 per cent yesterday after the record company unveiled weaker interim profits and revenues but gave a robust outlook on the back of impending releases from artists including the Rolling Stones and Coldplay.
Cells repair Parkinson's damage Monkey stem cells can repair the brain damage caused by Parkinson's disease, researchers have shown.
Martian explorer marks first year Nasa celebrates the first year on Mars of its Spirit rover and says the vehicle can go on working for some time.
Huge eagles 'dominated NZ skies' A massive eagle which became extinct five centuries ago was once New Zealand's chief predator, scientists believe.
U.S. Drops Effort for Treaty Banning Cloning Faced with polarizing division in the General Assembly, the U.S. abandoned its attempt to obtain a treaty banning all human cloning.
Sonics power streak to nine TORONTO - The next phase of winning, after you #39;ve won at home and on the road, after you #39;ve blown out teams, captured nail-biters and overcome large fourth-quarter deficits, is to beat an opponent more than once.
Syracuse Pulls Out Victory Over Memphis  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Hakim Warrick scored 25 points  and Gerry McNamara added 21, as fifth-ranked Syracuse pulled  away late for a 77-62 victory over No. 24 Memphis in the  championship game of the Coaches versus Cancer Classic at  Madison Square Garden.
PeopleSoft Soap Opera Still Alive Merger talks are still alive in the hostile takeover soap opera between Oracle (Quote, Chart) and PeopleSoft (Quote, Chart). Early Saturday morning, Oracle CEO Larry Ellison said his  quot;best and final all cash 
Date Set for Auction Of Russian Oil Giant The protracted legal battle over Russian oil giant Yukos appeared to enter its final phase Friday when the government set a date to auction off a majority stake in the company #39;s 
Now Loading... Firefox Netscape is partially responsible for the beginning of another browser (the programme you log on to the internet with) battlethe fledgling Firefox vs the mighty Microsoft.
New portable dual-screen system from Nintendo has plenty of bells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Sunday, the video-game giant will introduce its latest innovation, the Nintendo DS, or dual screen, which gaming fanatics around the globe have been dying to get their hands on.
BT plots comeback BT HAS re-entered the mobile phone market, launching its own branded cellphone service on Vodafone #39;s network as it looks to boost revenues with its fixed-line business in decline.
Cal Must Beat Stanford to Win Big Bowl Bid (AP) AP - When safety Ryan Gutierrez first arrived at California, Stanford ruled the Big Game. It wasn't that long ago, but it certainly seems like ancient history now.
Pole victory adds to Busch #39;s edge If Kurt Busch wasn #39;t already the man to beat for the Nextel Cup championship, he is now. Anyone expecting Busch or his Roush Racing team to crack under the pressure of the 
Notebook: Emotions run high in Toronto TORONTO - The trade that might have transformed Toronto and Portland didn #39;t materialize before last night #39;s game, which left the Sonics wondering if they #39;d face a fractured Raptors team or one hardened by adversity.
Leiter undecided Although Al Leiter has pledged his allegiance to the Mets on numerous occasions, baseball sources have told the Daily News he is  quot;still very much undecided quot; about his future and is not close to signing with the Mets or another team.
World ; Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov #39;t Swipes at US The minister said the attack was aimed at halting prosecutions led by Anderson against several hundred opposition politicians, lawyers and former military officers accused of supporting Chavez #39;s short-lived ouster in the 2002 coup.
Insurgents Attack Baghdad Police, National Guard (Reuters) Reuters - Insurgents armed with automatic rifles\and rocket-propelled grenades skirmished with U.S. and Iraqi\forces in Sunni Muslim areas of Baghdad Saturday and at least\three police and seven insurgents were killed.
Canon to Start Making Rear Projection TVs in 2005  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese camera and office equipment  maker Canon Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7751.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7751.T&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday it would start  producing rear projection televisions later this year, aiming  to secure a chunk of the rapidly growing market for big screen  TVs.
PeopleSoft shareholders support Oracle takeover Ongoing battle between rival software makers enters new stage. Board has vowed to continue resistance. By Michael Liedtke. SAN FRANCISCO -- More than 60 percent of PeopleSoft Inc.
Congress blocks Internet taxation legislation The bill to ban state and federal levies on all types of connections for three years now goes to Bush. By Mary Dalrymple. WASHINGTON -- Congress acted Friday to block state and local governments from taxing 
ICAHN IN BID TO SWALLOW MYLAN Carl Icahn has launched another of his multibillion-dollar shock-and-awe raids for a company - this time on the nation #39;s biggest generic drug maker, Mylan.
Martian explorer marks first year US space agency Nasa celebrates the first year on Mars of its Spirit robot rover vehicle.
Microsoft Warns Asian Governments of Linux Suits Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) warned Asian governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows software.
Nasa jet smashes world speed record The X-43A aircraft flew at a speed of around Mach 9.6 - nearly ten times the speed of sound - after a booster rocket took it to around 110,000 feet and then separated.
No. 5 Syracuse 77, No. 24 Memphis 62 Jim Boeheim rarely leaves the Syracuse area early in the season. This trip to New York was well worth it. The fifth-ranked Orange beat No.
Can #39;t pull off double DALLAS -- Jamal Crawford went for the instant replay, but he wasn #39;t able to pull it off. It came down to another shot at the buzzer last night, but he wasn #39;t able to deliver and the Knicks closed out a difficult 
Crowd rains boos on Raptors Carter Fed-up fans at the Air Canada Centre yesterday treated Vince Carter as if the trade was already a done deal. SUPERSONICS 101 RAPTORS 94.
Expos likely to be renamed Nationals The Expos are about to get their new name: the Washington Nationals. A city official and a baseball official, both speaking on condition of anonymity, said Friday that the team will reveal its new name, cap 
Arafat #39;s medical records handed over The medical records of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who died of multiple organ failure have been handed over to his widow Suha Arafat, who has got the file from the Percy military hospital in Paris, where her husband died.
Greenspan tells G20 US outlook favourable-source The outlook for the US economy in the coming quarters is favourable despite a continued fall in personal savings, US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan was quoted as saying on Saturday.
Lewis leads Sonics to ninth consecutive win By wire services. Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen had 24 to lead the Sonics to their ninth straight victory, 101-94 over the Toronto Raptors on Friday night.
No. 3 Georgia Tech 74, Alabama St. 37 Beginning a season of high expectations, No. 3 Georgia Tech clamped down on Alabama State and pulled away in the second half for a 74-37 victory Friday night.
AFA-CWA Wins Review of Bankruptcy Judge Decision The federal judge overseeing US Airways #39; bankruptcy petition is reconsidering his decision to allow the airline to cut wages for flight attendants by 21 percent for four months.
Slumping Dollar to Dominate G-20 Meeting (AP) AP - European officials are increasingly alarmed by the U.S. dollar's slump against the euro  #151; but they aren't likely to get help from the United States or Asian countries at the G-20 meeting of industrial and developing countries that opened Saturday.
Iraqis, GIs Share Uneasy Relationship (AP) AP - When a hail of bullets hit the car in which Jinan Adnan and her family were riding, she followed her maternal instincts  #151; and paid with her life.
UPDATE 1-Kumble rocks SAfrica as Hall reaches 57 not out Leg spinner Anil Kumble struck twice in successive balls to leave South Africa faltering on 154 for four at tea on the opening day of the first test against India on Saturday.
Palestinians Will Reveal Cause of Arafat #39;s Death The Palestinian prime minister promised today to make public the cause of Yasser Arafats death as an emissary was sent to Paris to pick up his medical records.
Myanmar #39;s military govt frees number two political prisoner: party &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; YANGON : Myanmar #39;s military government has freed the country #39;s second most prominent political prisoner, student democracy leader Min Ko Naing, an opposition party spokesman told AFP.
Resurgent Woods Still Three Clear in Japan  MIYAZAKI, Japan (Reuters) - A resurgent Tiger Woods shot a  three-under-par 67 to preserve his three-stroke advantage at  the halfway point of the Dunlop Phoenix tournament Friday.
Banishing bell-ringers takes a toll The jingling bells, smiling face and clanking red kettle have become as much a signature to the approach of Christmas as shopping-mall Santas.
RODDICK EXCITED BY HEWITT CONTEST Second-seeded Andy Roddick has predicted a thrilling contest when he takes on Lleyton Hewitt in the semi-final of the Masters Cup in Houston.
City finalizes bid for Olympics, but West Side site warrants input New York City and four other contenders for the 2012 Olympics submitted their final bids to the International Olympic Committee this week, moving the winner-take-all scrum into its last phase.
Busch wins pole for season-ending race Kurt Busch came to Homestead-Miami Speedway with more in mind than just winning the NASCAR Nextel Cup championship.  quot;I was just joking in the prequalifying interview that we needed a pole to get into the Bud 
Afghan Given Death in Reporters' Murders (AP) AP - An Afghan court sentenced a man to death Saturday for the 2001 killing of three foreign journalists and an Afghan colleague who were pulled from their cars, robbed and shot as they rushed to cover the collapse of the Taliban.
Oracle Says 61 Percent of PeopleSoft Stock Tendered (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp. Friday said 61\percent of PeopleSoft Inc. shares were tendered for its\ #36;24-a-share offer, strengthening Oracle's hostile bid position\as it waits to see if PeopleSoft's board will remove the final\barrier to a deal.
Mbeki meets I Coast leaders Johannesburg - President Thabo Mbeki will hold separate meetings with Prime Minister Seydou Diarra of the Ivory Coast and the head of the rebel forces in Pretoria on Saturday, a presidential spokesperson said.
Dollar, markets dive on Greenspan warning Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan delivered a blunt warning Friday that foreign investors might get sick of subsidizing the nation #39;s widening trade and budget deficits, remarks that caused US financial markets to tremble.
Ban OK #39;d on taxes on Net connections Congress acted yesterday to block state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the Internet for the next three years.
It #39;s Scrooge-like To Ban Salvation Army Kettle Recently, TV news reported that the Target chain of retail stores has decided to ban the Salvation Army from the annual kettle collection at its stores, beginning this Christmas season.
Fossil ape may be father of all apes A 13 million years old ape living in what is now Spain may have been the last common father of all apes, including chimpanzees, gorillas, orangutans and humans.
Nvidia to create chipset for Intel Intel Corp. has signed a cross-licensing agreement with Nvidia Corp. that would allow the 3-D graphics chipmaker to start selling chipsets for PCs that use Intel #39;s microprocessors, the companies said Friday.
London Calling - Apple Stores to Make European Debut Apple is bringing the worlds most exciting retail experience to Europe for the first time, with a brand new store in the heart of one of the worlds most vibrant shopping districts - Londons West End.
Legal action possible in elephant fight The struggle over the fate of two aging elephants at the Detroit Zoo might move to a new battleground, the zoo director said Friday.
Microsoft targets older people for Web via TV SEATTLE -- For people trying to get their aging parents on the Web so they can read e-mail and get digital photos of the family, Microsoft Corp.
DoCoMo Chooses Linux  amp; Symbian After some years on the drawing board, Japanese mobile giant NTT DoCoMo has announced its work on a common platform for 3G phones has come to fruition.
NBA Officials Halt Pistons-Pacers Game Following Brawl NBA officials stopped a game between the Indiana Pacers and the Detroit Pistons with about 45 seconds left to play late Friday after a brawl broke out between players and fans in Detroit.
London bid for  quot;best quot; ever Olympics in 2012: World News: London, Nov 20 :London has launched its bid to host the 2012 Olympics with a pledge that it would be  quot;the best Games the world has ever seen quot;.
 #39;Winky #39; again sets sights on Mosley It would be easy to dismiss a fighter known as  quot;Winky. quot; It also would be a mistake. The first fighter in 29 years to unify the junior middleweight division, Ronald Lamont Wright is slightly 
US, Germany Strike Deal on Iraq Debt Write-Off The United States, Germany and other G7 nations agreed on Saturday to write off up to 80 percent of Iraq #39;s \$120 billion foreign debt in a move that could 
Palestinians ask Israel to withdraw before election Palestinian officials are urging Israel to curb military operations as they begin to register candidates to run in an election to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president.
Summary Box: Venezuela #39;s president vows to track down killers of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE CRIME: A car bomb killed a prosecutor preparing a case against nearly 400 people who backed a 2002 coup attempt to oust President Hugo Chavez.
African leaders sign Great Lakes peace pact African leaders have signed a UN-backed peace framework for the Great Lakes region, but quickly admitted it might be difficult to implement amid ethnic violence, poverty and political mistrust.
Deal nears on Iraq debt write-off Some members of the Paris Club of creditor nations agree to forgive 80 of Iraq's debt at the G20 summit in Berlin.
U.S., G7 Allies Agree Iraq Debt Relief (Reuters) Reuters - The United States and its G7 allies have\reached agreement on a deal to forgive 80 of Iraq's huge debts\without imposing any conditions, a G7 official said on\Saturday.
Oracle: 61 Pct PeopleSoft Stock Tendered  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said 61 percent of PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; shares were  tendered for its \$24-a-share offer, strengthening Oracle's  hostile bid position as it waits to see if PeopleSoft's board  will remove the final barrier to a deal.
Some Doubt Stocks' Value as Prices Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock prices are near the highest  level ever, but instead of triggering giddy euphoria, the rise  is inspiring doubt and concern that stock values might be too  high.
U.S., G7 Allies Agree on Iraq Debt Relief  BERLIN (Reuters) - The United States, Germany and other G7  nations agreed on Saturday to write off up to 80 percent of  Iraq's \$120 billion foreign debt in a move that could pave the  way for a wider international accord, officials said.
Peru Arrests Siege Leader, Rebels Hold Out  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian authorities arrested a  former army major who led a three-day uprising in a southern  Andean town and vowed on Tuesday to storm the police station  where his followers remained holed up unless they surrendered  soon.
U.S., G7 Allies Agree on Iraq Debt Relief (Reuters) Reuters - The United States, Germany and other G7\nations agreed on Saturday to write off up to 80 percent of\Iraq's  #36;120 billion foreign debt in a move that could pave the\way for a wider international accord, officials said.
Wal-Mart Sees Nov. U.S. Sales Up 2-4 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday that it still\expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at\its U.S. stores open at least one year.
Verizon adds shopping tools to SuperPages.com Verizon SuperPages.com said Friday it has teamed up with eBay and Shopping.com for the rollout of new shopping tools on its online Yellow Pages site.
Basketball: Indiana players could face charges after brawl with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DETROIT, Michigan : The Indiana Pacers lost their cool on and off the court and brawled with unruly Detroit fans during a 97-82 victory over the Pistons in a chaotic game that was halted with less than a minute to go.
SA 230 for 4 at stumps The South Africans have consolidated in the post-tea session on the first day of the Kanpur Test against India. The Proteas are 230 for four at stumps on Day 1. Andrew Hall, opening the innings for the first 
US sniffs at Myanmar prisoner release WASHINGTON, Nov 19 (AFP) - The United States on Friday pronounced itself unimpressed by this week #39;s mass release of nearly 4,000 prisoners from jails in military-run Myanmar and demanded immediate freedom for all political detainees, including opposition 
Polish Woman Held Hostage in Iraq Freed (AP) AP - A Polish woman who was abducted last month from her apartment in Baghdad has been freed, the Polish prime minister said Saturday.
Ivory Coast Rebel Chief Brands Gbagbo War Criminal (Reuters) Reuters - Ivory Coast's rebel chief said on\Thursday he wanted President Laurent Gbagbo charged with war\crimes as the West African country's leader called on thousands\of foreigners who fled mob violence to return.
Early Elvis tapes go to auction Some of Elvis Presley's earliest recordings - including takes of All Shook Up - go under the hammer on Sunday.
Great Lakes leaders pledge peace Presidents of the Great Lakes region in Africa have signed a declaration designed bring peace to the region.
MG Rover on brink of China deal MG Rover is about to seal a 1bn agreement to help build 200,000 cars a year in China.
Cricket: Hall battles India attack Andrew Hall steers South Africa to 230-4 on day one of the first Test against India.
Former Viacom Chief Will Helm Sirius Description: Mel Karmazin is tapped to head Sirius Satellite Radio, not long after the network acquired Howard Stern #39;s show. The former Viacom president helped build Infinity Broadcasting into the country #39;s second largest conventional radio network.
G20 opposes  quot;abrupt changes quot; in forex, oil; sees slowdown in 2005 The finance chiefs of the Group of 20 countries oppose  quot;abrupt changes quot; in foreign exchange rates and in oil prices and see a slight slowdown in economic growth next year, German Finance Minister Hans Eichel said.
Science ; Fossil ape may be father of all apes The fossil gives us a missing link, not directly between humans and an apelike ancestor, but between great apes and lesser apes such as gibbons.
Is Unix Coughing Up Ground? The operating system that powers the lion #39;s share of servers is losing ground to Windows and Linux. Unix is losing so much ground that IT research firm IDC is predicting Windows will take over as the dominant server operating system by the year 2008.
In Texas, a mouse can kill a deer A Texas-based Web site is promising hunters worldwide the chance to shoot deer and antelope with the click of a mouse. At live-shot.
McGrath has a ball; notches maiden Test fifty Brisbane: Glenn McGrath was getting ribbed by his Australian team-mates that his number of Test wickets was catching up to his Test runs: so he did something about it, posting his highest Test score.
Boxing Preview: Ronald  #39;Winky #39; Wright vs.  #39;Sugar #39; Shane Mosley for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Saturday night at the Mandalay Bay Resort  amp; Casino, in Las Vegas, Nevada Winky Wright defends his WBC and WBA Junior Middleweight titles against former IBF Lightweight, WBC 
Anti-Bush Protesters Battle Police at Chile Summit Hooded anti-American marchers protesting an Asia-Pacific summit in Chile Friday hurled Molotov cocktails and stones at police who retaliated with water cannons and tear gas.
Polish Woman Freed by Iraqi Hostages WARSAW, Poland - A Polish woman who was abducted last month from her apartment in Baghdad has been freed, the Polish prime minister said Saturday.
G20 Expresses Concern at Currency Swings Finance ministers and central bank chiefs from the world #39;s 20 biggest economies voiced concern on Saturday over sudden currency swings, venturing for the 
BAR to seek administration in Honda deal. British American Tobacco has indicated that it would seek to put the company which runs the BAR Formula One team into administration if it proves unable to buy the minority shareholding in the operation required to press ahead with its new deal with Honda 
Hall the hero for South Africa Andrew Hall #39;s unbeaten knock of 78 helped South Africa make a fine start in their two-Test series against India at the Green Park Stadium in Kanpur on Saturday.
Iraqi troops raid key Baghdad mosque Sunni Muslims expressed outrage Saturday over an assault by Iraqi National Guard troops, backed by US soldiers, on their most revered mosque in Baghdad.
Creditors to forgive up to 80 per cent of Iraq #39;s debt, German &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Germany #39;s finance minister said Saturday that he and his US counterpart have reached an agreement under which Iraq #39;s creditors would write off up to 80 per cent of the country #39;s debt.
India #39;s decision on troop reduction cosmetic: Musharraf Islamabad, Nov. 20. (PTI): Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf today dismissed Indian government #39;s decision on the reduction of troops in Jammu and Kashmir as a  quot;cosmetic change quot; and not a strategic move that could help solve the Kashmir issue.
Red Cross deeply concerned by humanitarian law violations in Iraq The International Red Cross is  quot;deeply concerned quot; at the impact of the fighting in Iraq and the apparent failures by all sides to respect humanitarian laws.
Wal-Mart Sees Nov. U.S. Sales Up 2-4 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday that it still  expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at  its U.S. stores open at least one year.
Nike: Can Perez Fill Knight #39;s Shoes? Phil Knight is finally letting go. He officially announced his resignation as CEO and president of the world #39;s largest sneaker company on Nov. 18.
Government Puts Off Internet Taxation The US Senate approved modifications to the Internet Tax Non-Discrimination Act Friday, clearing the way for House passage of the bill that would prevent taxing online purchases.
Google Co-Founders to Sell Company Shares Google Inc. co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin each plan to sell up to 7.2 million shares of their stock in the online search engine leader during the next 18 months 
G20 to debate on world economic growth Finance ministers and central bankers of the Group of 20 countries (G20) kicked off a two-day meeting here Saturday to assess the current economic situation and global growth prospects.
High incomes, high scrutiny Attention all those making more than \$100,000: The Internal Revenue Service is watching you more closely. The agency has been ramping up its examinations of high-income filers, which it defines 
Airports turn to private screeners The US government is making it easier for airports that want to replace federal baggage and passenger screeners with privately employed workers.
Polish Hostage Freed in Iraq Already in Warsaw (Reuters) Reuters - A Polish woman held hostage in Iraq by a\militant group since October has been freed and said on\Saturday her captors had treated her well.
UK #39;s BT changes mobile partner, plots comeback Britain #39;s BT Group Plc re-entered the mobile phone market yesterday, launching its own branded cellphone service on Vodafone #39;s network as it looks to boost revenues with its fixed-line business in decline.
World #39;s Oldest Man Dies After Red Sox Dream Comes True DEWITT, NY -- Fred Hale Sr., a Maine native recognized as the world #39;s oldest man, died Friday. He was 113 years old. Hale died in his sleep at The Nottingham in suburban Syracuse, while trying to recover from 
Ukraine poised for crucial vote under watchful eye of West, Russia (AFP) AFP - Ukraine prepared for a crucial runoff presidential vote that pits a pro-Russia prime minister against a Western-leaning opposition leader as Washington warned Kiev of consequences if the poll is rigged.
Annan: Darfur settlement possible by year end A peace agreement for Sudan #39;s western Darfur region may be possible by year end after Khartoum signed a separate deal with southern rebels, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said.
Eichel: Paris Club to Forgive Most Iraqi Debt German Finance Minister Hans Eichel said on Saturday that the Paris Club had reached a framework agreement to forgive 80 percent of Iraqi debt.
Ethics Become Priority For Israeli Military Israel #39;s top general announced Friday that the military would investigate allegations that soldiers abused the bodies of Palestinians killed during army operations, including 
US Fed: \$ Devaluation might Cause Trouble While in Frankfurt, Germany yesterday, US Federal Reserve (Fed) Chairman Alan Greenspan warned that the US foreign trade deficit could negatively effect the country #39;s economy.
Generosity warms chilly morning Daily Telegram Staff Writer. ADRIAN -- In the midst of planning holiday get-togethers, shopping trips and Christmas lists, remember to take time for those not as fortunate.
Suspensions Expected in Wake of Detroit-Indiana-Fans Altercations (Auburn Hills, Mich., AP) -- The NBA isn #39;t commenting on the Pistons-Pacers brawl until it reviews what happened in the final minute of Friday night #39;s game.
Leaving the nest might inspire Mosley success By Sean Waisglass: I haven #39;t seen the weigh-in reports for the Winky Wright/Shane Mosley junior welterweight championship rematch tonight, but I #39;m pretty sure Sugar Shane is going to be tipping the scales much lighter than the last time.
Claims Arafat died of AIDS A FORMER speech writer for George W. Bush has claimed Yasser Arafat died of AIDS. Former presidential aide David Frum, famous for coining the phrase  quot;axis of evil quot;, says the world has shown 
Handcuffing protester speaks out Militant fathers #39; rights protester Jonathan Stanesby has described how he managed to handcuff himself to Children #39;s Minister Margaret Hodge for 40 minutes at a conference.
India Pulls Out About 3,000 Troops from Kashmir (Reuters) Reuters - India pulled out around 3,000\troops from Kashmir Saturday in a planned withdrawal of army\units from the region, officials said, as the peace process\between New Delhi and Islamabad came under strain this week.
Report: China Releases Tiananmen Protester (AP) AP - A factory worker who helped to organize a strike during China's 1989 pro-democracy protests has been released after nearly 15 years in prison, a U.S.-based prison rights group said Saturday.
Polish Hostage Freed in Iraq Already in Warsaw  WARSAW (Reuters) - A Polish woman held hostage in Iraq by a  militant group since October has been freed and said on  Saturday her captors had treated her well.
Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov't Swipes at US  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan prosecutor  probing a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez was killed by  a car bomb that the government blamed on Friday on radical  opponents it said were training in the United States.
Violence Breaks Out All Over Baghdad Iraqis chant anti-US and anti-government slogans in front of a US tank after a car bomb exploded killing at least one person in central Baghdad Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004.
First Diplomatic Note of UN History to Annan United Nations (UN) personnel will prepare  quot;the first motion of non-confidence in the organization #39;s history quot; against UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, who has faced a series of scandals.
Limitations Frustrate Tsunami Scientists (AP) AP - For scientists at the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, the world's most powerful earthquake happened below the wrong ocean.
Ukraine Readies Knife-Edge Poll Amid Demo Threats (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine prepared Saturday for a knife-edge\presidential election amid threats by the opposition contender\to launch street protests if he is denied the leadership by\cheating.
Nuclear Spies Go on Trial in Iran TEHRAN, 19 November 2004 - Four Iranians accused of spying on the Islamic republics nuclear program for foreign governments have gone on trial in Tehran, a judicial official was quoted as saying yesterday.
Red Cross deeply concerned by humanitarian law violations in Iraq The International Red Cross is  #39; #39;deeply concerned #39; #39; with the killing of civilians and non-combatants in Iraq and the apparent failures by all sides to respect humanitarian law.
Palestinian candidates register Ramallah - The race to succeed the late Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader formally kicked off on Saturday, with the opening of the registration period for potential presidential candidates.
Pakistan opposition prepares anti-Musharraf protest (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani opposition parties announced plans on Saturday for a countrywide campaign against President Pervez Musharraf after indications he would renege on a promise to quit as army chief by the end of the year.
Giggs, Scholes Back on Goal Trail to Give United Win  LONDON (Reuters) - Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes scored their  first Premier League goals of the season to give Manchester  United a 2-0 victory over Charlton Athletic in Alex Ferguson's  999th match in charge of the club Saturday.
McCain: Air Force fixed bids WASHINGTON - Sen. John McCain called Friday for  quot;full accountability quot; for Air Force officials involved in a controversial contract to acquire tanker aircraft from Boeing, accusing them of incompetence or corruption.
Big Dig leaks: Public works scandal or no big deal? Just when you thought it was safe to drive through downtown Boston again comes word that the Interstate 93 tunnel leading under the city is full of leaks.
Goolge search turns scholarly!: World News: Washington, Nov 19 : Google has now launched a new search engine, Google Scholar which can exclusively search for academic texts and scientific articles, instead of web pages.
Spanish racism row rumbles on Madrid - Spanish football coach Luis Aragones faces a disciplinary hearing as the row into racism within Spanish football rumbles on, AS sports daily reported on Saturday.
McGrath steals thunder DESTINY #39;s child Michael Clarke hammered New Zealand but batting bunny Glenn McGrath received a guard of honour for breaking Kiwi hearts in Brisbane yesterday.
Bush to Highlight Tort Reform in Ill. (AP) AP - A little county with a reputation for big lawsuits  #151; some call it a "judicial hellhole"  #151; is getting a visit from a man who wants to make it much tougher to sue somebody.
Three Britons killed in Baghdad blast (AFP) AFP - Three British nationals were killed in one of two car bomb explosions in Baghdad, the Foreign Office in London and a US security firm said.
Fresh violence hits Iraq capital Iraqi and US troops have been involved in renewed clashes with insurgents in several areas of the capital, Baghdad. At least three policemen died when the rebels fired rocket-propelled grenades at their station in the Adhamiya area.
Palestinian Abbas Calls Israel 'The Zionist Enemy' (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas called\Israel "the Zionist enemy" Tuesday, unprecedented language for\the relative moderate who is expected to succeed Yasser Arafat.
Bush meets with allies on N Korea at APEC US President George W Bush and Chinese President Hu Jintao have agreed to push for a diplomatic end to the crisis over North Korea #39;s nuclear programs.
Iraq to Be Relieved of 80 Percent of Debt Germany #39;s Finance Minister Hans Eichel said Saturday he and US Treasury Secretary John Snow had agreed on a proposal to write off as much as 80 percent of 
Koizumi to Bush: Strong Dollar Important (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese Prime Minister\Junichiro Koizumi told President Bush at a bilateral meeting in\Chile on Saturday that a strong U.S. dollar is important for\the global economy.
Nasa launches cosmic blast hunter Nasa launches the Swift observatory to study gamma-ray bursts - the biggest explosions since the Big Bang.
Chernobyl 'caused Sweden cancers' A study suggests more than 800 cancer cases in northern Sweden may be caused by the Chernobyl disaster.
A la carte pricing for pay TV costly So-called a la carte pricing in the US pay television service industry would not lower most consumers #39; bills, the Federal Communications Commission reports.
TSA Asks Air Travelers to  quot;Partner quot; on Security Screening During &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Washington, DC - The head of the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) today encouraged air travelers to become partners over the holiday season in ensuring security and minimizing passenger wait-times at screening checkpoints.
NASA Launches Black Hole Hunter The fastest-aiming space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit Saturday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions that astronomers 
Nvidia to make Chipsets for Intel Intel Corporation signed a cross-licensing agreement with Nvidia Corporation, which allows Nvidia to make and sell chipsets for Intel Processor powered computers.
Disagreement rages over Detroit elephant There is a disagreement concerning the future of two elephants at the Detroit Zoo: a sanctuary or the Columbus Zoo. The American Zoo and Aquarium Association in Washington has 
Shoot wildlife in Texas ranch from home HUNTERS may soon be able to sit at their computers and blast away at animals on a Texas ranch via the Internet. It #39;s a prospect that has state wildlife officials up in arms.
Microsoft Previews Avalon for Developers Microsoft on Friday released a new preview of the presentation subsystem of its upcoming Longhorn version of Windows. The Redmond, Wash.
Google releases Scholar Search In the latest release of its customized search engines, the groups of people to be benefited are Scholars and Scientists. The engine is called Google Scholar and as usual with Google, it is in beta.
Police investigating Pacers-Pistons brawl CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Police in Auburn Hills, Michigan, are looking at videotapes of an ugly brawl involving fans and players at a Detroit Pistons-Indiana Pacers game Friday night.
Arsenal held to 1-1 tie by West Brom Arsenal was held to a 1-1 tie by struggling West Bromwich Albion on Saturday, failing to pick up a Premier League victory when Rob Earnshaw scored with 11 minutes left.
Rosales stays close to Sorenstam WEST PALM BEACH, Florida (AFP) - Jennifer Rosales matched the best solo leader Annika Sorenstam could do yesterday to stay within sight of the title halfway through the \$1 million ADT Championship.
Rangers win heated Old Firm match to blow title race wide open GLASGOW (AFP) - Rangers won 2-0 in a heated Old Firm game at Ibrox to narrow Celtic #39;s lead in the Scottish Premier League to a single point.
Garcia shines as Spain edge ahead in World Cup Sergio Garcia and Miguel Angel Jimenez of Spain came from six strokes behind to take the lead in the WGC World Cup third round on Saturday.
Bush warns Iran on nuclear activities Santiago: US President George W Bush sharply warned Iran about reports that the Islamic republic has accelerated production of uranium material that could be used to make nuclear weapons.
Annan says Darfur peace deal possible by year-end A quick peace deal for Sudan #39;s western Darfur region may be possible after a separate agreement was reached between Khartoum and southern Sudanese rebels, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has said.
Polish hostage freed in Iraq already in Warsaw A Polish woman kidnapped in Iraq last month has been freed and flown to Poland and said she was treated well, raising hopes for other foreign hostages.
William wants to fight PRINCE William has declared his wish to fight on the frontline beside his fellow soldiers should the need arise. The second in line to the throne, who confirmed he is considering an army career 
Identity Theft Woes Grow for Consumers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When Michelle Brown, a corporate  banker outside of Los Angeles, filled out paperwork for an  apartment rental, little did she realize that financial details  offered to a landlord would lead to identity theft that plagued  five years of her life.
G7, Paris Club Agree on Iraq Debt Relief  BERLIN (Reuters) - The United States, Germany and other G7  nations agreed Saturday to write off up to 80 percent or \$33  billion of Iraq's Paris Club debt, which could pave the way for  a wider international accord, officials said.
Polish woman hostage back home after being freed in Iraq (AFP) AFP - A Polish woman hostage abducted in Iraq more than three weeks ago was back home after being released by her captors who she said had treated her well.
Stubblefield Breaks NCAA Receptions Mark (AP) AP - Purdue's Taylor Stubblefield broke the NCAA record for career receptions during the first quarter Saturday against Indiana. Stubblefield entered the game needing six receptions to pass Louisville's Arnold Jackson for the career record. Jackson caught 300 passes from 1997-00.
Fifteen African presidents pledge peace in Great Lakes (AFP) AFP - Fifteen African presidents and UN chief Kofi Annan signed a common declaration pledging to promote peace and security in the continent's volatile Great Lakes region.
Klein flying high on issue-light campaign, opponents want recognition (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Alberta voters are set to mark the final X Monday on an election campaign that has seen opposition leaders score points but still struggle to catch a cranky premier flying high by the seat of his pants.
Congress Ends Deadlock on Intel Overhaul (AP) AP - Breaking a monthslong deadlock, key congressional negotiators reported agreement Saturday on legislation to overhaul the nation's intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission.
Sweden hit by 'Chernobyl cancer' A study suggests more than 800 cancer cases in northern Sweden may be caused by the Chernobyl disaster.
States' Tactics Aim to Reduce Drug Spending Drug companies are fighting most of the state initiatives, which they say will deny patients access to valuable treatments.
Congress Back to Face Unfinished Business Lawmakers returned to the Capitol on Saturday in a mad dash to finish up their legislative business for the year.
Giggs goal kick-starts United The failure of Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes to muster a Premiership goal between them has been one of the major factors why the Red Devils have fallen so far adrift of Chelsea and Arsenal during an inconsistent first third of the season.
Crystal Palace 0-2 Newcastle Patrick Kluivert and Craig Bellamy scored late on to earn Newcastle a much-deserved win over Crystal Palace. Bellamy and Laurent Robert had wasted early chances but Palace nearly went ahead, Andy Johnson forcing a fine point-blank save from Shay Given.
NBA ROUNDUP Sonics Top Toronto To Win 9th Straight Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen had 24 last night to lead the Seattle SuperSonics to their ninth straight victory, 101-94 over the host Toronto Raptors.
Ohio St. Buckeyes COLUMBUS, Ohio (Ticker) -- Seventh-ranked Michigan hopes to clinch a second straight outright Big Ten Conference title and Rose Bowl berth Saturday when it visits archrival Ohio State.
Iraq #39;s Main Paris Club Creditors Agree Debt Waiver Iraq #39;s main creditors at the Paris Club have reached an agreement to cancel 80 percent of the debt owed to them by Baghdad, a Paris Club source said Saturday.
Polish woman hostage in Iraq released November 20 2004 1645CET- Teresa Borcz Khalifa , the 54-year-old Polish woman kidnapped in Iraq was freed and flown back to Warsaw.
Palestinians believe they can build Arab world #39;s first democracy Freed from Yasser Arafat #39;s one-man rule, Palestinians say they are eager and able to build the first real democracy in the Arab world, despite the dangers lurking on the road to Jan. 9 elections.
Israel Investigates Reports of Soldiers Abusing Corpses The Israeli Army has ordered an investigation into allegations that soldiers in the West Bank photographed each other two years ago posing with the head of a suicide 
In Kmart #39;s Deal for Sears, a Bet That Real Estate Can Trump &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Kmart purchase of Sears, Roebuck may be the ultimate expression of that old saying in real estate: location, location, location.
MG Rover to pass into Chinese hands The Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC) will pump an estimated 1 billion-plus into the company in exchange for a majority share, if the Chinese Government gives the go-ahead in the New Year.
Polish hostage freed BAGHDAD - A 54-year-old Polish-born woman who was taken hostage in Iraq last month has been freed, according to Poland #39;s prime minister.
 #39;The gaffer has mellowed but his desire to win is still there #39; I was dying to ask. How on earth do you survive 13 full years playing for, arguably, the most demanding manager this country has ever seen?
Identity Theft Woes Grow for Consumers (Reuters) Reuters - When Michelle Brown, a corporate\banker outside of Los Angeles, filled out paperwork for an\apartment rental, little did she realize that financial details\offered to a landlord would lead to identity theft that plagued\five years of her life.
Tehran to suspend uranium enrichment With the threat of a tightening economic squeeze and military probes by Washington hanging over its head, the Iranian government agreed November 14 to suspend all uranium enrichment activity 
Livewire: Internet Offers Relief of Holiday Blues (Reuters) Reuters - When the going gets tough at the\stores this holiday season, the tough go shopping online. When\life gets really tough, there's online therapy.
Clarke and Gilchrist flay sorry New Zealand After two days where neither side took control of this match, Australia finally grabbed it by the scruff of the neck and by the close on the third day at Brisbane were in a commanding position.
Oracle takes 60 percent of PeopleSoft shares but game not over (AFP) AFP - After a bitter 18-month battle Oracle Corp has taken control of more than 60 percent of outstanding shares of rival business software group PeopleSoft.
Oracle takes 60 percent of PeopleSoft shares but game is not over (AFP) AFP - After a bitter 18-month battle Oracle Corp has succeeded in taking control of more than 60 percent of outstanding shares of rival business software group PeopleSoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain.
Brawl Involves Players, Fans at Pistons-Pacers Game  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A brawl involving players and fans at  Friday's game between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons in  Auburn Hills, Michigan may result in serious punishment from  the NBA.
Rice Returns Home Following Surgery (AP) AP - National security adviser Condoleezza Rice returned home Saturday after a one-night hospital stay where she was treated for noncancerous growths in her uterus.
Chelsea and Arsenal Held to Home Draws  LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea and Arsenal were denied  victories by Bolton Wanderers and West Bromwich Albion, the  away sides scoring late equalizers against them in the English  Premier League Saturday.
NASA Launches Black Hole Hunter (AP) AP - The fastest-swiveling space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit Saturday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions that astronomers believe represent the birth screams of black holes.
Death penalty for Afghan killer An Afghan man is sentenced to death for killing four journalists - three of them foreign - in 2001.
Chelsea strike for the jugular (AFP) AFP - Chelsea's drive to claim the club's first English title in half a century gathered pace as Newcastle were blown away by four memorable late goals at Stamford Bridge.
In Falluja, Young Marines Saw the Savagery of an Urban War A close-up chronicle of the most sustained period of street-to-street fighting that Americans have encountered since the Vietnam War.
Polish Hostage Freed in Iraq Already in Warsaw  WARSAW (Reuters) - A Polish woman kidnapped in Iraq last  month has been freed and flown to Poland and said she was  treated well, raising hopes for other foreign hostages.
Sri Lanka Reactivates Dormant Death Penalty  COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka reactivated its dormant death  penalty Saturday for murder, rape and drug trafficking after a  near 30-year lull, the government said, a day after a high  court judge was murdered in the capital.
Palestinians Choose Presidential Candidates  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian officials on  Saturday began registering candidates for an election to  replace Yasser Arafat as officials warned the vote may be  delayed unless Israel halted military activities.
CAPELLO FED UP WITH FEIGNING Juventus coach Fabio Capello has ordered his players not to kick the ball out of play when an opponent falls to the ground apparently hurt because he believes some players fake injury to stop the match.
Mountains of Interest Add to Pain of Credit Cards Credit card companies are changing the terms of their accounts at a historically high rate, costing Americans millions of dollars in fees that they did not expect.
Celtic back on top Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Celtic jumped back to the top of the Scottish Premier League table with a 2-1 win over Hibernian at Celtic Park.
Crowd to blame says Carlos CARLOS Queiroz believes that the Spanish crowd #39;s racist chants sparked off the ugly scenes on the field between Spain and England.
Cubs re-sign veteran pitcher Rusch The Chicago Cubs on Saturday re-signed veteran pitcher Glendon Rusch to a two-year contract. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Chinese set to bale out Britain #39;s ailing MG Rover car maker LONDON (AFP) - Chinese company Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. may be ready to step in to save ailing British car manufacturer MG Rover, a media report said.
Microsoft trademark troubles Two small browsers are very definitely chomping at Microsoft #39;s leg, rather than merely nipping at its heels. And now Savvysoft says Microsoft is demanding that it drop the name Excel from its TurboExcel product 
Clear Pictures of How We Think Functional MRI is helping researchers reveal how the human brain operates and the ways in which it affects emotion and reason. By Rowan Hooper.
U.N. Deadlocks on Cloning Ban The United Nations abandons efforts to ban all cloning and opts for a non-binding resolution. It's a blow to President Bush's efforts to push a ban and a victory for embryonic stem cell researchers. By Kristen Philipkoski
Internet Porn: Worse than Crack? Researchers tell a Senate hearing that internet porn is more addictive and harmful than street drugs. One calls for government-funded research into the 'erototoxins.' By Ryan Singel.
So Far, Recount Shows No Problem Preliminary results of a recount in New Hampshire verify that optical-scan voting machines recorded votes accurately. A Nader spokesman calls on Democrats to do some soul-searching. By Kim Zetter.
No Taxation on Net Connections Internet users will not have to pay a tax for their connection service after Congress passes legislation blocking local governments from charging such a levy.
Icahn Offers \$5.4 Billion for Mylan, Drug Maker The billionaire financier Carl C. Icahn offered yesterday to buy the generic drug maker Mylan Laboratories for about \$5.4 billion in an effort to force Mylan to drop its proposed acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals.
Report Takes Wind Out of Dollar's Sails  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hovered two cents above  recent record lows against the euro on Tuesday after U.S.  manufacturing data in the previous session cast doubt on jobs  growth and brought about a pause in its new year rebound.
NASA launches Swift, to track gamma rays WASHINGTON, Nov 20 (AFP) - NASA launched Saturday its Swift satellite, which will track huge explosions of gamma rays, the US space agency said.
Police Join Probe Into Pistons-Pacers Mass Brawl  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Police launched an investigation on  Saturday into an extraordinary mass brawl involving players and  fans at a game between the Detroit Pistons and Indiana Pacers.
Spurrier Keeps Quiet About S. Carolina Job (AP) AP - Steve Spurrier declined to talk about replacing the retiring Lou Holtz at South Carolina on Saturday, saying only he feels as if he has some coaching left in him and that nothing was official.
Musharraf wants India to meet Pak halfway PTI Lahore Nov 20: Visibly unhappy at Indias assertion that it would not accept redrawing of the borders in Jammu and Kashmir, the Pakistan President, General Pervez Musharraf today accused New Delhi of adopting a patronising attitude, dismissing 
Oracle finally takes 60 of PeopleSoft shares WASHINGTON, NOV 20 : After a bitter 18-month battle Oracle Corporation has succeeded in taking control of more than 60 of outstanding shares of rival business software group PeopleSoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain.
No changes from merger in view yet Two days after a pair of the country #39;s oldest, largest retail companies announced they would join forces, managers at the Bay Area #39;s Sears and Kmart outlets were guarded in their 
Microsoft gives developers a glimpse of Avalon Although the next version of Windows is still about two years from release, Microsoft on Friday offered developers an early look at the new graphics engine that will accompany it.
England 32 - 16 South Africa It is too early to say the wounds have completely healed, but a year on from being on top of the world, followed by a dispiriting tumble, England #39;s rugby machine is starting to go through the gears again.
South Africa 230/4, Andrew Hall unbeaten on 78 South Africa finished day 1 of the first test match against India in Kanpur at 230 for the loss of 4 wickets. The proteas were in comfortable position at one stage with the loss of 2 wickets and Jacques Kallis playing alongside Andrew Hall.
US, China discuss Taiwan at APEC summit; China pleased with result (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) - U.S. President George W. Bush and Chinese President Hu Jintao talked about Taiwan in their face to face meeting Saturday, and Hu said he was pleased with the result.
PeopleSoft: Board Rejects Oracle Offer (Reuters) Reuters - Business-software maker\PeopleSoft Inc.  on Saturday said its board has again\unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s   #36;9.2 billion\tender offer, even after 61 percent of PeopleSoft shares had\been tendered to Oracle.
Civil war possible after Iraq elections: US' top soldier (AFP) AFP - US army chief General Richard Myers said in an interview that civil war could erupt in Iraq after forthcoming elections.
Ohio State Surprises No. 7 Michigan  COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Troy Smith threw for 241  yards and two touchdowns and ran for 145 yards and a score to  lead the Ohio State Buckeyes to a 37-21 victory over No. 7  Michigan in the final game of the regular season for both  teams.
NBA Suspends Four Players After Brawl  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The National Basketball Association  suspended four players on Saturday, one day after one of the  worst brawls in North American pro sports history.
Sports ; Westwood Closes in on First Title of 2004 Australian Stuart Appleby, who was the joint second-round leader, returned a two-over 74 to drop to third at three-under while American Chris DiMarco moved into fourth with a round of 69.
Hewitt Beats Roddick to Reach Masters Final  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A fired-up Lleyton Hewitt defused  hard-hitting Andy Roddick 6-3, 6-2 on Saturday, scurrying into  the final of the Masters Cup for the third time in four years.
Federer Wins Epic Tie-Break to Reach Masters Final  HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one and defending champion  Roger Federer won an epic 20-18 tie-break to seal a 6-3, 7-6  win over Marat Safin on Saturday and place in the Masters Cup  final.
12th-Ranked Miami Pounds Wake Forest  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Brock Berlin completed 13-of-19  passes for a career-high 361 yards along with four touchdowns,  while Roscoe Parrish hauled in five passes for 141 yards as  12th-ranked Miami-Florida routed Wake Forest. 52-7, at the  Orange Bowl.
Oracle a step closer to PeopleSoft Washington, Nov. 20 (AFP): After a bitter 18-month battle, Oracle has succeeded in taking control of more than 60 per cent of outstanding shares of rival business software group PeopleSoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain.
Icahn makes offer on Mylan The Pittsburgh-based drug maker Mylan shares shot up 10 percent after Carl Ichan offered \$5.38 billion for the company #39;s shares he doesn #39;t already own.
China #39;s SAIC set to control MG Rover venture Chinese carmaker SAIC is set to control a crucial joint venture with MG Rover under terms of a cooperation deal expected to win approval from Beijing early next year, MG Rover says.
NASA launches Swift observatory A swirling space observatory has been launched to scan the universe for explosions that some believe are the birth of black holes.
House Passes Space Tourism Bill Paying passengers would be able to blast into space aboard privately operated rocket ships under legislation the House passed Saturday.
Mac fans go mad as store opens Over a thousand Mac fans have camped overnight outside computer giant Apple #39;s first dedicated store in Europe. They braved the cold to be the first inside the shop in London to try and take advantage of the opening day offers.
Microsoft releases Avalon Preview Software Giant Microsoft released a community technology preview of the next generation presentation subsystem of their upcoming operating system Longhorn.
Fans as much to blame as players for brawl You heard it on the broadcast over and over again: Wheres the security? Wheres the security?. It was a great question.
Scotland: Rangers down rival Celtic Nacho Novo and Dado Psro each scored as Rangers defeated rival Celtic 2-0 in the Scottish premier league Saturday. Novo scored on a 15th-minute penalty and Prso added the second in the 36th 
US edge second day of UBS Cup A mix-up between Gary Player and Mark McNulty, where they played the wrong ball, allowed the US to edge into a 6-1/2 to 5-1/2 lead over the Rest of the World in the UBS Cup on Saturday.
Row over Arafat #39;s medical file Paris - A family tug-of-war over whether to reveal Yasser Arafat #39;s cause of death bubbled over in public on Saturday, with a brother of the late leader insisting the Palestinian people are entitled to know.
Plan unveiled to ease Iraq debt Germany has unveiled an international plan to wipe out tens of billions of dollars of Iraqi debt so that the war-torn country can rebuild in earnest.
Suspensions Doled Out The NBA indefinitely suspends Ron Artest, Jermaine O'Neal and Stephen Jackson of Indiana and Ben Wallace of Detroit on Saturday for their roles in a brawl Friday night.
Fight Mars Clemson Win Players from both teams brawl late in Clemson's 29-7 victory over South Carolina. Coach Lou Holtz, 67, dives into the pile as peacemaker in his regular-season finale with the Gamecocks.
Spy Agency Reform Thrown Into Doubt (Reuters) Reuters - An agreement reached on Saturday by\congressional negotiators on post-Sept. 11 intelligence reforms\was thrown into doubt by resistance by some Republicans in the\House of Representatives.
Ukraine's Kuchma Calls for Calm on Eve of Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing president on Saturday  implicitly called on people to vote for his prime minister in a  close presidential race and told them to shun any protests  urged by the opposition candidate.
Bryans keep Team USA in Davis Cup hunt SEVILLE, Spain (AFP) - US tennis twins Bob and Mike Bryan kept alive their country #39;s Davis Cup hopes with a rip-roaring straight sets win over Spanish tandem Juan Carlos Ferrero and Tommy Robredo at Seville #39;s Olympic Stadium.
Space tourism legislation makes comeback After weathering the ups and downs of the lame-duck legislative process, legislation that would open the way for suborbital space tourism was cleared by the House and sent on to the Senate for final congressional approval.
Hewitt defeats Roddick in Masters Cup semifinals HOUSTON Lleyton Hewitt sent a deflated Andy Roddick home today with a 6-3, 6-2 victory in the semifinals of the ATP Masters Cup in Houston.
Glorious Garcia inspires charge A BRACE of eagles from an inspired Sergio Garcia lit up the World Cup overnight as home-country favourites Spain overhauled a big England halfway lead in the second session of fourballs.
World #39;s oldest man, noted Red Sox fan, dies Fred Hale Sr., documented as the world #39;s oldest man and noted Boston Red Sox fan, has died. He was 113 years old. Hale died in his sleep Friday at The Nottingham in suburban Syracuse, while trying to recover 
Busch the man to beat for NASCAR title Kurt Busch has been doing everything right in his bid for his first Nextel Cup championship. He now has one big hurdle to clear entering Sunday #39;s Ford 400.
AZ Alkmaar keep heat on Dutch leaders PSV Second-placed AZ Alkmaar closed in on Dutch first division leaders PSV Eindhoven after a 3-0 home win over RKC Waalwijk on Saturday.
India slip into a deep Hall KANPUR: A masterstroke. Thats what everybody would term the South African think-tanks decision to open the innings with a makeshift opener.
Majority of PeopleSoft shareholders accept Oracle bid The tender result is a blow to PeopleSoft, which hoped to see Oracle's 17-month takeover campaign end at midnight last night. Oracle had pledged to withdraw its offer if it did not receive backing from a majority of PeopleSoft's shareholders. 
In Time of Turmoil, Graham Offers Soothing Words The Rev. Billy Graham spoke at the 92,000-seat Rose Bowl, the beginning of a four-day crusade that organizers say is his 416th worldwide and his next-to-last.
No. 2 Oklahoma Blows Out Baylor 35-0 (AP) AP - Adrian Peterson ran for 240 yards, including three second-half touchdowns, and No. 2 Oklahoma got the lopsided win it needed for the BCS standings by beating Baylor 35-0 on Saturday.
Paterno Ends 39th Penn St. Season With Win (AP) AP - Joe Paterno ended his 39th season at Penn State as a winner.
NBA suspends four players after brawl with Detroit fans (AFP) AFP - The National Basketball Association suspended Indiana's Ron Artest and three others following an ugly skirmish where Pacer players fought with Detroit fans.
Buckeyes Dash Wolverines' Outright Title Hopes Quarterback Troy Smith ran for 145 yards as the Buckeyes upset the Wolverines, who might have also lost a return visit to the Rose Bowl.
PeopleSoft Board Rejects Oracle Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker\PeopleSoft Inc. on Saturday said its board again rejected\Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion tender offer, remaining defiant a\day after most of its shares were tendered to Oracle.
G20 countries concerned about exchange rates volatility Some countries attending the two-day meeting of the Group 20 voiced concern on Saturday over abrupt movements in exchange rates, focusing on the sharp fall of the US dollar against euro and Japanese yen.
Ohio State Surprises No. 7 Michigan COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Troy Smith threw for 241 yards and two touchdowns and ran for 145 yards and a score to lead the Ohio State Buckeyes to a 37-21 victory over No.
Google Founders Plan Sales of Their Shares The two co-founders of Google each plan to sell as many as 7.2 million shares of their stock during the next 18 months, giving them more than \$1 billion apiece at current prices.
PeopleSoft Board Rejects Oracle Bid  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker  PeopleSoft Inc. on Saturday said its board again rejected  Oracle Corp.'s \$9.2 billion tender offer, remaining defiant a  day after most of its shares were tendered to Oracle.
G20 Divided Over Dollar Slide, U.S. Mum  BERLIN (Reuters) - Europe and Japan voiced strong concern  on Saturday over the slumping dollar but the world's 20 biggest  economies, nearing the end of a two-day summit, looked divided  over what if anything to do about it.
APEC Countries to Standardize Trade Pacts  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Pacific Rim nations have agreed  to set minimum standards for two-country free trade pacts  proliferating across the region, a consolation prize for  business leaders pushing for a 21-nation free trade area to  rival the European Union.
House Backs \$388 Billion Spending Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on  Saturday easily backed a \$388 billion package financing  government programs in this fiscal year from bus stops to  foreign aid after days of battling over measures in the bill.
Wall Street Bonuses Likely to Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street's annual bonuses may rise  10 percent to 15 percent this year, half as much as a year ago,  as revenue growth falls short of earlier expectations, a  leading industry consultant said.
Canada's Biotech Sector Ready to Grow Up?  TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada's biotech sector may finally be  on the road to a sustained recovery after a series of  short-lived remissions.
Ukraine's Kuchma Calls for Calm on Eve of Poll (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine's outgoing president on Saturday\implicitly called on people to vote for his prime minister in a\close presidential race and told them to shun any protests\urged by the opposition candidate.
3-Point Shopping For a Computer (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The last time I browsed the selection of desktops in a computer store, I came down with a case of instant deja vu. Each time I'd spot a thoughtful feature on one company's PC -- say, both USB and FireWire ports on the front or a full set of memory-card slots -- I would look at the machine to its right or left and spot the exact same item.
Fans Start Web Site To  #39;Arrest Artest #39; In pubs, over telephone lines and on the Web, basketball fans and non-fans are voicing their opinions on the chaos that broke out at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Friday night.
Gameday News  amp; Notes: 11/20/04 No. 7 Michigan (9-1) at Ohio State (6-4): 1 pm today. TV: WTAE. ... Ohio State is down, but this is still one of the rivalry games on rivalry weekend and it still has Big Ten implications.
Ads aim at getting state #39;s wines in more glasses There #39;s a new campaign in the works to get the word out on Washington wines. The Washington Wine Commission has revamped its logo and adopted a slogan to accentuate the positive:  quot;Washington State -- the Perfect Climate for Wine.
Our kids deserve better than a Google future &lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; Can collective database licensing cure this tragedy of the commons?
3-Point Shopping For a Computer Buying a computer should be easy -- almost anything sold today should competently handle most home-computing chores. But it's not, since so many companies market essentially the same machine.
Oracle Moves One Step Closer in Its Bid to Take Over a Rival Oracle proclaimed a symbolic victory Saturday after 61 percent of PeopleSoft stockholders accepted its \$9.2 billion takeover offer.
Salvation Army #39;s Bell Ringing Limited One of the holiday #39;s season most well-known sounds is back, but some stores are limiting where Salvation Army volunteers can ring their bells.
Investigation into Pacers-Pistons brawl could take time AUBURN HILLS, Mich. Police have identified most of the people in video footage from last night #39;s brawl between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons at The Palace at Auburn Hills.
Johnson #39;s team in familiar position: fighting back HOMESTEAD, Fla. - One might not think a disastrous qualifying effort alone could erase the momentum created by four victories in five weeks.
Kasper joins Brenly in booth CHICAGO -- Len Kasper is the new voice of the Chicago Cubs, replacing Chip Caray in the team #39;s all-new TV booth. Kasper leaves the Florida Marlins to become WGN TV #39;s play-by-play announcer for the Cubs, joining 
Code cruncher transforms Excel Whereas most of todays software tools follow the bigger is better philosophy, Savvysofts (Profile, Products, Articles) TurboExcel proves the adage that great things really do come in small packages.
Microsoft puts household entertainment at touch of a mouse Technology is changing daily. It #39;s a wonder we aren #39;t all punch-drunk from the velocity with which new things emerge and not-so-old things become obsolete.
Benson and Mets Reach Preliminary Deal (AP) AP - Kris Benson and the New York Mets completed more than three months of negotiations, agreeing Saturday to a  #36;22.5 million, three-year contract.
Blues, Gunners held Chelsea and Arsenal were both held to draws at home by Bolton and West Brom, while Everton closed the gap with a win over Fulham. A last-gasp equaliser from Radhi Jaidi earned Bolton a point in a 2-2 draw with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
NCAA Game Summary - South Carolina At Clemson Clemson, SC -- Reggie Merriweather rushed for 125 yards and three touchdowns on 28 carries as the Clemson Tigers defeated the South Carolina Gamecocks, 29-7, in a non-conference affair at Clemson Memorial Stadium.
Americans take the lead in the UBS Cup Fred Couples and Tom Watson led the comeback, and the American team moved out to a 61/2-51/2 lead over an international team after Saturday #39;s best-ball competition at the \$3 million UBS Cup.
Bush, Hu Discuss Chinese Currency Plans (AP) AP - Chinese President Hu Jintao told President Bush that China remains committed to a plan to allow its currency to float freely against the dollar, a senior U.S. administration official said.
Kuchma warns over Ukraine chaos Ukraine's outgoing president warns against disorder ahead of a close election to choose his successor.
Local shoppers hope for wider selection and better quality Kalamazoo-area Kmart customers say that store #39;s merger with Sears could mean stiff competition for retail powerhouses such as Wal-Mart.
SF Hotel Lockout Ends; Workers Back On Job Tuesday SAN FRANCISCO -- Thousands of San Francisco hotel workers embroiled in a labor dispute will return to work Tuesday under an agreement announced Saturday by Mayor Gavin Newsom before a crowd of beaming employees and relieved hotel representatives.
Timeline of the Pacers-Pistons brawl Here is a look at the series of events in the brawl Friday night involving the Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and fans at The Palace in Auburn Hills, Mich.
Lille fails to take advantage of Lyon draw Paris, France (Sports Network) - Lille had a chance to close in on the Ligue 1 lead on Saturday with a win over Lens. But instead of capitalizing early they had to come from behind to earn a 1-1 draw.
France Is Cast as the Villain in Ivory Coast When the chanting mob descended on the strip mall that Jean Bobue Nguessam is paid to guard, he stood his ground, though not out of courage.
PeopleSoft Board Rejects Oracle Bid Again  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker  PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Saturday that its board again  rejected Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; \$9.2 billion tender offer,  remaining defiant a day after most of its shares were tendered  to Oracle.
Crematory Operator Pleads Guilty To Corpse Abuse, Fraud A former crematory operator in Georgia has pleaded guilty to dumping 334 bodies and giving the families cement dust instead of ashes.
San Francisco Hotel Workers to Go Back to Work San Francisco hotel owners and union officials on Saturday announced a 60-day cooling period that will put nearly 4,000 striking hotel workers back on the job for the first time in nearly eight weeks.
Novell makes profit in Q4 Novell has reversed its year-ago loss on a five per cent rise in revenue, but it failed to meet some forecasts on the Street. The maker of NetWare - and now a major force in the Linux business - posted net 
Palestinians Register Candidates for New President (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinians began\registering candidates on Saturday for a presidential election\to replace Yasser Arafat, while officials warned the vote may\be delayed if Israel does not halt military activities.
PeopleSoft Shareholders Back Takeover Bid (AP) AP - More than 60 percent of PeopleSoft Inc.'s shareholders have tendered their stock in support of Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid for its bitter rival, further extending a bruising battle that already has dragged on for more than 17 months.
Out of this world CLINTON TOWNSHIP -- Each piece is just an eighth-of-an-inch square, but 33,000 of them bunched together make for one of the most advanced features on NASA #39;s next satellite.
Man Utd boss: Now watch Scholes go! Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is convinced Paul Scholes has turned the corner after he scored in yesterday #39;s 2-0 win over Charlton.
Benson and Mets reach preliminary agreement on \$22.5 million &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kris Benson and the New York Mets completed more than three months of negotiations, agreeing Saturday to a \$22.5 million, three-year contract.
McGrath, Gillespie watching Gabba skies Australian tailenders Glenn McGrath and Jason Gillespie will be hoping wet weather does not stop play from starting on time on day four of the first cricket Test against New Zealand at the Gabba in Brisbane.
Timeline of the Pacers-Pistons Brawl (AP) AP - Here is a look at the series of events in the brawl Friday night involving the Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and fans in Auburn Hills, Mich. The game was stopped when order could not be restored.
Michigan St. Beats Central Conn. St. (AP) AP - Kelli Roehrig had 15 points, including 11 during a 24-2 run to start the game, and No. 15 Michigan State routed Central Connecticut State 77-42 on Saturday in the first game of the Spartan Classic.
Palestinians say Israeli raids hampering renewal of peace talks RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia condemned Israel Saturday, saying their continued military raids were hampering efforts to restart the peace process.
Tiger Woods extends lead at Dunlop Phoenix CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Tiger Woods is on the verge of winning his first stroke-play golf tournament in over a year. Woods fired a 5-under-par 65 Saturday to stretch his commanding lead to 10 strokes after three 
Bush seeks allied help in dealing with Iran, North Korea SANTIAGO, Chile - President Bush used his first trip abroad since re-election to press allies Saturday for help in hemming in the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran, nations he considers part of an  quot;axis of evil quot; threatening global security.
Killer of Journalists Sentenced to Death An Afghan man was sentenced to death in a Kabul court on Saturday for his part in the killing of three foreign journalists and an Afghan photographer in 
Buckeyes #39; offense clicking against Michigan COLUMBUS, Ohio - An Ohio State offense that did little right all season could do no wrong against Michigan. The Buckeyes didn #39;t commit a turnover, prevented the Wolverines from getting a sack and converted 
McGrady Leads Rockets Past Clippers in OT (Reuters) Reuters - Tracy McGrady tallied 32\points, seven rebounds and five assists to lead Houston over\the Los Angeles Clippers, 91-86, in an overtime contest at the\Staples Center.
For Nascar, Playoff Gamble Wins Big The new 10-race playoff instituted this season has done all that Nascar officials had hoped, turning the droning fall stretch into a manic scramble.
Haradinaj appointment upsets Serbia BELGRADE -- Saturday - Serbian government officials called an extraordinary meeting today to discuss the appointment of Ramus Haradinaj as Prime Minister of Kosovo.
Shots Are Falling, and Sonics Are Rising The perimeter-conscious (and unconscious) Seattle SuperSonics are off to their best start since the 1993-94 season.
Disney #39;s Two Mickeys Walt Disney #39;s perennially slumping ABC Television Network is suddenly a champ again thanks to a couple of unexpected hit shows including a prime time soap called Desperate Housewives (coming to the UK in January).
Greenspan bearish on dollar Alan Greenspan came to the home of the euro on Friday and suggested that the relentless decline of the dollar might well continue, offering little relief to those here 
Wal-Mart Says November US Sales Rise Within 2 to 4 Forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, said sales at US stores open at least a year are rising within its forecast, with strongest sales coming from bedding and women #39;s clothing.
Gold Fields to bid for \$2bn Norilsk stake Gold Fields has made a secret offer to buy out its largest shareholder as a last-ditch defence against a hostile \$8.1bn (4.35bn) bid from Harmony, its rival South African gold producer.
Resurgent Rangers shatter O #39;Neill #39;s unbeaten record The top blew off Celtic #39;s discipline in a volcanic Old Firm derby as they lost their proud record of scoring in every meeting with Rangers since Martin O #39;Neill took over as manager in the summer of 2000.
Ireland 55 - 6 USA When the public address announcement at Lansdowne Road yesterday put the attendance at 38,376 there was an addendum: thanking those hardy souls for turning out on such a foul day.
Hall sees off Kumble spin Andrew Hall and Boeta Dippenaar built a solid fifth-wicket partnership to leave the first Test in Kanpur evenly balanced at the close on day one.
NBA Game Summary - Houston at LA Clippers Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Tracy McGrady tallied 32 points, seven rebounds and five assists to lead Houston over the Los Angeles Clippers, 91-86, in an overtime contest at the Staples Center.
Three Iraqi Policemen Killed in Baghdad Bombings In simultaneous blasts, insurgents detonated two car bombs Saturday at a police station near the fortified headquarters of the US Embassy and interim Iraqi 
Business Focus: Infecting the world When Alan Greenspan speaks, the markets listen. The 78-year-old chairman of the Federal Reserve Board has had dealers hanging on his every utterance for 17 years, ever since he took the job during the closing months of Ronald Reagans presidency.
Sagging Dollar Hits New Low Against Euro BRUSSELS, Belgium A top European Union official urged the United States on Monday to curb its deficits to help bolster the sagging dollar amid fears a strengthening euro would stifle Europes fledgling economic recovery.
Late surge lifts Sonics This is the 10th game, after all, and their start had nothing to do with their 101-94 victory over the Raptors in Toronto last night at Air Canada Centre.
Giggs and Scholes give United win MANCHESTER, England -- Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes scored their first league goals of the season to give Manchester United a 2-0 win over Charlton in Alex Ferguson #39;s 999th match in charge.
Second-Ranked Auburn Downs Alabama TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell passed for 224 yards and a touchdown, Courtney Taylor caught four passes for 89 yards and a score, and No.
In  #39;Monday Night #39; Fallout, a Deeper Racial Issue I wasn #39;t terribly upset about the  quot;Monday Night Football quot; spectacle featuring Eagles receiver Terrell Owens and a towel-clad Nicollette Sheridan.
Reactions to Pistons-Pacers Brawl (AP) AP - Reaction from around the NBA to Friday night's brawl between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons:
Bush, backed by Asia-Pacific allies, warns North Korea, Iran over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO : US President George W. Bush, bagging support from Asia-Pacific allies at an annual summit in Chile, bluntly warned North Korea and Iran to scrap any nuclear weapon plans.
Iran wriggles to block nuclear sanctions bid IRAN is expected to thwart American attempts to send its nuclear dossier to the United Nations Security Council this week, despite a fresh flurry of concerns about its apparent ambitions to make a bomb.
Burma #39;s junta frees prominent dissident Burma #39;s military dictators have freed a top dissident - second only to democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi - after 16 years in jail.
William surfs to his fathers rescue ONCE again Prince William has come riding to the rescue of the royals, this time on the crest of a wave. At the end of a week that saw his father accused of not wanting people to rise above their station 
No. 4 Calif. Routs Stanford in Big Game (AP) AP - J.J. Arrington ran for 169 yards to set California's single-season rushing record and the fourth-ranked Golden Bears beat Stanford 41-6 on Saturday for their biggest victory in the Big Game since 1930.
US allege Guantanamo Bay Briton is would-be suicide bomber: report (AFP) AFP - One of four British men held at the US prison for terrorism suspects in Guantanamo Bay is accused by US officials of being a trained Al-Qaeda terrorist, damaging British hopes for his release, a report said.
Mets Lock Up Benson Kris Benson and the New York Mets complete more than three months of negotiations, agreeing Saturday to a \$22.5 million, three-year contract.
APEC Countries to Standardize Trade Pacts (Reuters) Reuters - Pacific Rim nations have agreed\to set minimum standards for two-country free trade pacts\proliferating across the region, a consolation prize for\business leaders pushing for a 21-nation free trade area to\rival the European Union.
Canada Sees U.S. Beef Market Opening Soon (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. feedlots and packers could import\Canadian cattle within months now that new U.S. rules aimed at\guarding against mad cow disease are up for approval, Canadian\Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell said on Saturday.
Spain grabs lead at World Golf Championships Spain has taken the lead at the World Golf Championships in Seville with Sergio Garcia and Miguel Angel Jimenez combining for an 11-under-par 61 in the third round to pull one shot ahead of England.
England 32 South Africa 16: Shocking South Africa left trailing by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A wonderful result for what had become, because of injury and retirement, a beleaguered rugby nation. England began in control, they never lost that control and both the squad and their new coaching set-up will take fantastic heart from it all.
Investors Divided on Desirability of Gold (AP) AP - A sickly dollar lifted gold to a fresh 16-year high this week, just as a newly launched exchange-traded fund offered individual investors a new way to own the gleaming asset. But Wall Street experts, less than unanimous about its prospects, are divided about what sort of role gold should play in your portfolio.
Oft-Delayed Swift Launched, Soars Skyward CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- NASA #39;s Swift satellite successfully was launched Saturday aboard a Boeing Delta 2 rocket. About 80 minutes after the 12:16 pm launch, the spacecraft successfully separated from the Delta second stage rocket and entered orbit.
O.J. to Cheer for Trojans at Orange Bowl (AP) AP - To O.J. Simpson, the lure of seeing his alma mater play so close to home in this Orange Bowl was impossible to turn down.
Masters Cup semis to feature the four best players in the world HOUSTON: Russia #39;s Marat Safin and Australia #39;s Lleyton Hewitt advanced to the Masters Cup semi-finals with impressive straight-set victories here on Friday, completing a historic line-up.
Oldest man dies at 113 SYRACUSE, NY - The world #39;s oldest man, according to Guinness World Records, has died less than two weeks before he would have turned 114.
Dont count out champions after setback THIS was the Old Firm result the Premierleague wanted, and needed. A few weeks back, we were holding our heads in our hands thinking it was all over when Dundee United scored that late equaliser at Ibrox, but Rangers have fought their way back.
US allies seek Palestinian solution, wider coalition in terror war (AFP) AFP - The US-led "war on terror" must include a resolution to the Palestinian question and involve a broader coalition, Washington's Asia-Pacific partners warned Saturday on the sidelines of a major summit.
Arafat family bickers over medical records of Palestinian leader PARIS Getting to the bottom of what killed Yassar Arafat could shape up to be an ugly family tug-of-war. Arafat #39;s half-brother and nephew want copies of Arafat #39;s medical records from the suburban Paris hospital 
IRAQ RAGE OF RED CROSS THE International Red Cross has condemned all sides in the Iraq conflict for failing to respect humanitarian laws. In Geneva, its operations director Pierre Kraehenbuehl stressed that international humanitarian 
A Regal Pursuit Is Run Down Farewell, at last, to tallyho. After seven years of angry debate, frustrated motions and legislative maneuvering, Britain #39;s Parliament finally approved a ban on fox hunting 
Bush offers help in reopening U.S. border to Canadian cattle (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - President George W. Bush offered Saturday to throw his administration's full weight behind reopening the border to Canadian beef within several months.
ODU professor honored with teaching award Old Dominion University professor Cynthia Jones was honored in Washington on Thursday as the 2004 Virginia Professor of the Year by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching and the Council for Advancement and Support of Education.
US trail by one in UBS Cup KIAWAH ISLAND (South Carolina): Colin Montgomerie and Bernhard Langer won for the eighth time together in matchplay as the Rest of the World led holders the United States by 3 points to 2 on the first day of the UBS Cup, which is limited to golfers in 
Fourth-Ranked California Routs Stanford BERKELEY, Calif. (Sports Network) - JJ Arrington rushed for 169 yards and a touchdown on 27 carries to lead No. 4 California to a convincing 41-6 win over Stanford in The Big Game at Memorial Stadium.
South African President Mbeki holds new talks on Ivory Coast President Thabo Mbeki met with Ivory Coast Prime Minister Seydou Diarra for three hours yesterday as part of talks aimed at bringing peace to the conflict-wracked Ivory Coast.
Focus: Life on Planet Charles Toothpaste squeezed by a flunky. Supper steamed with one brand of water. Oh, and an 11m income. This is the man who presses a world view on us all - and whose latest embarrassment, of many, reveals that 
Juventus to ignore floored opponents Juventus coach Fabio Capello says his team will no longer kick the ball out of play when an opponent is lying on the floor. Capello said opposition teams are now taking advantage of the widespread practice.
Ohio State Secures Victory, but Michigan Gains Rose Bowl Bid The Buckeyes stunned the No. 7 Wolverines, who still will go to Pasadena because they defeated co-Big Ten Champion Iowa on Sept 25.
Chinese takeover of Rover signals end of Britain #39;s once-thriving &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; as well as its most-loathed - cars, Rover yesterday confirmed a takeover deal by a Chinese state-owned company that marks 
Beautiful day? Not if you #39;re Microsoft A US lawsuit brought by a company backed by rock group U2 is threatening to reopen old legal wounds for Microsoft. Californian technology company Burst.
Report: Peru Would Refuse to Free Berenson (AP) AP - Peru will not abide by an international human rights court ruling supporting the release of Lori Berenson, a New York woman imprisoned for collaborating with Marxist guerrillas, the country's foreign minister said, according to news reports Saturday.
Friday Night Fracas Was Criminal on Every Level The NBA is facing serious, serious issues, problems bigger than fan arrests and player suspensions can repair. A season that began with Latrell Sprewell suggesting he would be hard-pressed 
Bush says N. Korea #39;s neighbors uniting against nuclear weapons (Santiago, Chile-AP) Nov. 20, 2004 - President Bush says North Korea #39;s neighbors are united in sending a blunt message to the man who rules it,  quot;Get rid of your nuclear weapons programs.
Sudan and southern rebels promise peace as Christmas gift Ecumenical News International After 21 years in a war that has taken as many as 2 million lives and forced the displacement of about 5 million people, the Sudanese government and the leader 
Red Cross condemns Iraq abuses The International Red Cross has made an unprecedented appeal for an end to human rights abuses in Iraq, saying it is  #39;deeply concerned #39; at the impact of the fighting in the country and at apparent failures by all sides in the conflict to respect 
Bill Would Help Providers Refuse Abortions (AP) AP - Congress plans to make it a little easier for hospitals, insurers and other to refuse to provide or cover abortions.
Chelsea Beats Newcastle in Premiership; Arsenal Wins (Update1) Chelsea beat visiting Newcastle 4-0 at its Stamford Bridge stadium to maintain a five-point lead atop English soccer #39;s Premiership as second-placed Arsenal defeated Birmingham 3-0.
New Director Announced for Fermilab (AP) AP - A Peruvian-born, award-winning physicist was named the new director of Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, and he takes the helm at a critical time in energy research.
Programs: 'Myst IV' Preserves the Magic  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - The "Myst" series has always  been for people who don't typically play computer games.  Instead of providing pulse-pounding action, it has taken  players to exotic worlds, given them lots of time to explore,  and required them to solve challenging puzzles to move through  the adventure.
Get the Wrong Answer, Ask Another Lawyer THE rolling upheaval in corporate governance is about to head south of the border, and Ricardo B. Salinas Pliego, one of the more prominent businessmen in Mexico, probably won't be shouting,
House Leadership Blocks Vote on Intelligence Bill A core of highly conservative Republicans aligned with the Pentagon moved to block a vote on a bill that would have enacted the recommendations of the 9/11 panel.
US Doping Watchdog to Question BALCO #39;s Conte - IAAF US anti-doping officials plan to question Victor Conte after the BALCO head claimed he saw sprinter Marion Jones taking banned drugs, world athletics body the IAAF said Saturday.
The powder keg wouldn #39;t have exploded if Artest hadn #39;t lit the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Make no mistake about it. Ron Artest of the Indiana Pacers was to blame for the ugly fans-players brawl at The Palace. That #39;s not to give the dumb fan who threw a cup of beer 
PENN STATE 37, MICHIGAN STATE 13 Rousing Finale for the Seniors &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a dismal season defined by offensive futility, Penn State fans have pleaded for changes to the Nittany Lions #39; offense. They have chanted the name of the true 
Sixty Chinese miners trapped after fire Sixty Chinese miners are trapped underground after fire swept through a series of iron mines in northern Hebei Province, Xinhua news agency says.
South Winds Up Prevailing Paul South entered yesterday's John F. Kennedy 50-Miler with just several months of hard training under his belt following two years when he did little serious running.
China urges US to act on Dollar slide A senior Chinese official has urged the United States to take action to stop the slide of the dollar and restore equilibrium to global currency markets, China Radio International reported Saturday.
Sergey, Larry, and Eric Plan to Sell Some Stock Michael Liedtke at the AP reports that Sergey Brin, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt plan to sell some shares of GOOG. The co-founders of Google, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, each plan to sell as many as 7.2 million 
Shades of the Vioxx Case for Another Drug At a hearing Thursday on Capitol Hill, senators excoriated top federal drug regulators for failing to realize three years ago that Vioxx, a pain pill that Merck withdrew in September, was dangerous.
Safin cuts short Henman #39;s year Tim Henman acknowledged the dilemma of his life in tennis.  quot;I #39;ve never hidden behind the fact that I #39;ll be judged on whether I win Wimbledon or not, quot; he said.
World #39;s oldest man dies, 113 FRED Hale Sr, documented as the worlds oldest man, has died at the age of 113. Hale died in his sleep on Friday at a hospital in Syracuse, New York, while trying to recover from a bout of pneumonia, his grandson, Fred Hale III said.
It #39;s smartin #39; Martin ONeill in denial over red cards as Rangers close the gap in title race. THERE was a first Old Firm Premierleague win in almost two years for Rangers at Ibrox yesterday; a 2-0 victory that ended a run of 
New law of the jungle BRITISH football has come a long way since the early Eighties, when racism was rife among fans, especially in England where chanting mobs got away with flinging bunches of bananas at Liverpool player John Barnes - who was then one of only a handful of 
Miller gives new-look Ireland fringe benefits We can forgive Ireland that they didn #39;t surpass the 70 points England scored against Canada, or the century Scotland put past Japan last week.
Barca delight in Real agony A dismal week for Spanish football closed with a proper celebration of some of its better virtues. Or, not so much Spains but a celebration of Catalonias flagship enterprise.
Garcia puts Spain in sight of World Cup Inspired by a breathtaking performance by Sergio Garcia, Spain took over the lead from England going into today #39;s final round of the World Cup.
Season Cuts to The Chase NASCAR #39;s 2004 season comes to a close in Sunday #39;s Ford 400 with five drivers in contention for the \$5.28 million Nextel Cup championship and a storyline for stock-car racing fans of every loyalty.
Hall revels in new role The makeshift opener Andrew Hall batted all day for 78 not out as South Africa reached 230 for 4 on the opening day of the First Test against India here.
Wales let chance in a million slip as lacklustre All Blacks fail &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IT IS tempting to say that Wales will be kicking themselves for weeks over this one, but in truth, it will be for years. Wales last beat their greatest rivals as long ago as 1953 when the great Bleddyn Williams 
Huskies Shut Out Buffalo To Earn Bowl Eligibility EAST HARTFORD, CT (November 20, 2004) - Senior quarterback Dan Orlovsky (Shelton, Conn.), playing in the home final game of his illustrious career, threw for 283 yards, sophomore tailback Cornell Brockington (Burlington, NJ) ran for 136 yards and two 
Polish hostage freed in Iraq A Polish woman taken hostage last October in Iraq has been returned to Warsaw, the BBC reported Saturday. Appearing at a press conference alongside Polish Prime Minister Marek 
Life is more Baywatch than Balmoral for Prince of Waves STRIDING along a beach, surfboard tucked nonchalantly under his arm, the tall wetsuit-clad figure cuts quite a dash as he heads for the waves.
Big setback for US spy shake-up Sweeping plans to reform the US spy network run into trouble after key Republicans in Congress object to the bill.
US son-in-law for ex-coup leader A US lawmaker marries the daughter of Guatemala's ex-military ruler at a closely-guarded ceremony.
Menatep acts to bloc Yukos sale Yukos' main shareholder files a legal complaint to prevent Russia selling off the embattled oil giant's key unit,  reports say.
Anti-terror laws 'may go further' David Blunkett  says measures to beat terrorism could include special anti-terror courts using phone-taping evidence.
When Long Hours at a Video Game Stop Being Fun For players with ambitions to develop games, Electronic Arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
NASA Starts Hunt for Celestial Bursts The fastest-swiveling space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit on Saturday to scan the universe for celestial explosions.
Policy Meets Reality in West as Cattle Tracking Is Tested Wide-open spaces, technological glitches and bitter cold all are potential obstacles to plans to track livestock and protect the food supply from disease and bioterrorism.
PeopleSoft Sends Letter to Oracle PLEASANTON, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 20, 2004 -- PeopleSoft, Inc. (Nasdaq:PSFT) today sent a letter to Lawrence Ellison, Chief Executive Officer and Jeffrey Henley, Chairman of Oracle Corporation (Nasdaq: ORCL).
Congress Asks SEC for Mutual Fund Study The US Congress asked the Securities and Exchange Commission on Saturday to send lawmakers a report justifying a new rule forcing mutual fund boards to have independent chairmen.
Prince William Defends Brother, Father (AP) AP - Prince William supported the oft-criticized behavior of his brother, Prince Harry, and stuck up for his father, Prince Charles, in a rare interview with the British media published Saturday.
U.S. Fights Baghdad Militants; GI Killed (AP) AP - Insurgents battled American troops in the streets of Baghdad on Saturday, killing a U.S. soldier in an ambush and gunning down four government employees in signals that the guerrillas remain a potent force despite the fall of their stronghold of Fallujah. Nine Iraqis also died in fighting west of the capital.
Tech Buying Guide: Music MP3 players -- technically, digital-music players, although almost all of them are used mainly to play songs saved in the popular MP3 format -- come in three sizes: tiny, big and really big.
Top Computer Makers: Dell Dell is both profitable and well regarded, thanks to its habit of delivering serviceable but unexciting products at good prices and supporting them well enough to keep buyers coming back.
Federer faces Hewitt in Masters Cup final Swiss world number one Roger Federer will face Australian Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday #39;s final at Masters Cup after an epic tiebreak 20-18 to seal a 6-3, 7-6 semi-final victory 
Barcelona coach Rijkaard: 7 points clear hasn #39;t won us anything Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard has told his players they can #39;t afford to relax, despite last night #39;s stunning 3-0 win over Real Madrid.
G7 states to write off \$33 billion Iraqi debt BERLIN: The United States, Germany and other G7 nations agreed yesterday to write off up to 80 per cent or \$33 billion of Iraq #39;s Paris Club debt, which could pave the way for a wider international accord, officials said.
Polish hostage released in Iraq back home A Polish woman, who was kidnapped in Iraq last month, has been released and flown back to Poland. Teresa Borcz Khalifa, who was brought to Poland on Friday evening, appeared 
No. 24 Texas-El Paso Clinches Bowl Berth (AP) AP - Jordan Palmer threw for 339 yards and five touchdowns and No. 24 Texas-El Paso beat SMU 57-27 Saturday night to clinch a bowl berth in coach Mike Price's first season running the formerly downtrodden program.
Alta Premier Klein vows retribution for those who actively jockey for his job (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - In his last day of campaigning in what he has promised will be his last election, Alberta Premier Ralph Klein warned there would be retribution for would-be successors who publicly jockey for his job.
Iowa Upsets Wisconsin to Grab Share of Big Ten Title  IOWA CITY, Iowa (Sports Network) - Drew Tate completed  15-of-24 passes for 186 yards with three touchdowns and three  interceptions to lead No. 17 Iowa over ninth-ranked Wisconsin,  30-7, in the regular season finale for both squads with the Big  Ten championship on the line at Kinnick Stadium.
Second-Ranked Auburn Downs Alabama  TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell passed  for 224 yards and a touchdown, Courtney Taylor caught four  passes for 89 yards and a score, and No. 2 Auburn overcame a  slow start to beat Southeastern Conference rival Alabama,  21-13, in the 69th Iron Bowl.
Bill Gives Lawmakers Access to Tax Returns (AP) AP - Congress passed legislation Saturday giving two committee chairman and their assistants access to income tax returns without regard to privacy protections, but not before red-faced Republicans said it was all a mistake and would be swiftly repealed.
McGrady Leads Rockets Past Clippers in OT  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Tracy McGrady tallied 32  points, seven rebounds and five assists to lead Houston over  the Los Angeles Clippers, 91-86, in an overtime contest at the  Staples Center.
Congress Passes \$388 Billion Spending Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Saturday passed  a \$388 billion package financing government programs in this  fiscal year after days of tough talks, but a last minute snag  means it may not be sent to President Bush for signing into law  for several days.
More Prescription Drug Health Risks The Food and Drug Administration remains on the defensive. The agency got grilled on Capitol Hill for the second day in a row about the health risks of several popular prescription drugs.
Russia to auction major oil facility MOSCOW -- Russian tax authorities on Friday scheduled the equivalent of a fire sale at what was once the nation #39;s largest oil company, offering the main production facility at Yukos Oil for auction next month at a fraction of its value.
PeopleSoft's Board Rejects Oracle Bid (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors said it rejected Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid Saturday, continuing its staunch resistance a day after the company's own shareholders tendered more than 60 percent of stock to Oracle.
No. 5 Utah Beats BYU for Unbeaten Season (AP) AP - The BCS is all but busted. Utah beat rival Brigham Young 52-21 Saturday, completing its first unbeaten season since 1930 and putting the Utes one step closer to the first appearance in the Bowl Championship Series for a team from a mid-major conference.
Rockets down Clippers 91-86 in OT Tracy McGrady scored 32 points to lead visiting Houston Rockets beating the Los Angeles Clippers 91-86 in overtime. It is the Rockets seventh straight win over the Clippers, and 
US Fights Baghdad Militants; GI Killed Insurgents battled American troops in the streets of Baghdad on Saturday, killing a US soldier in an ambush and gunning down four government employees in signals that the 
Plane Crashes in China With 47 Aboard BEIJING Nov 20, 2004 - A small passenger plane carrying 47 people crashed Sunday in northern China, and the government said there likely were no survivors.
Buzz Off! Aussie Surfers Use Device to Repel Sharks (Reuters) Reuters - Organizers of an Australian night\surfing competition used an electronic shield for the first\time to protect surfers from sharks, which might otherwise have\thought competitors were an easy meal.
Chavez Pushes Anti-Terrorism Plan After Bomb Attack  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's President Hugo  Chavez pressed for a new anti-terrorism proposal on Saturday  after a car bomb killed a top state prosecutor investigating  opponents accused of backing a 2002 coup against him.
Fresh violence hits Iraq capital Several people are killed in new clashes between Iraqi and US troops and insurgents in the capital, Baghdad.
Bush Frees Secret Service Agent from Chile Guards &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush on Saturdayreached into a throng of squabbling bodyguards and pulled aSecret Service agent away from Chilean security officers afterthey stopped the U.S. agent from accompanying the president ata dinner.&lt;/p&gt;
Report: Peru Would Refuse to Free Berenson Peru will not abide by an international human rights court ruling supporting the release of Lori Berenson, a New York woman imprisoned for collaborating with Marxist guerrillas, the country's foreign minister said, according to news reports Saturday.
In Romania, Show Turns the E.U. Into A Laughing Matter  BUCHAREST, Romania -- Romanian television has an unlikely hit on its hands, a sitcom with a cast of racy characters who sit in a country pub and get laughs discussing the fine points of the bureaucracy and regulations of the European Union.
3,000 Indian Troops Pull Out of Kashmir  JAMMU, India, Nov. 20 -- India pulled  about 3,000 troops  out of Kashmir Saturday in a planned withdrawal of army units from the disputed region, Indian officials said. The soldiers left their bases in convoys of trucks, jeeps and buses.
Chavez Pushes Anti-Terrorism Plan After Bomb Attack &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Patrick Markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's President HugoChavez pressed for a new anti-terrorism proposal on Saturdayafter a car bomb killed a top state prosecutor investigatingopponents accused of backing a 2002 coup against him.&lt;/p&gt;
PeopleSoft #39;s board said it rejects Oracle bid PLEASANTON, Calif. PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors said it srejected Oracle Corp. #39;s nine-point-two (b) billion dollar takeover bid Saturday.
Aussies steaming towards victory in Brisbane Test Australia: Australia bowler Glenn McGrath followed up his Test best score with three quick wickets to have New Zealand on the ropes on the fourth day of the first cricket Test at the Gabba on Sunday.
Carter the heart of the new Blacks A dark hour precedes every dawn and, for Wales, this narrow defeat against the All Blacks - their 17th in a row - has to be regarded as their darkest hour: they got so close yet were just held off.
Officials blame exiles in US The tone was light, but the dapper comedian #39;s words were sobering as he outlined his vision for regime change in leftist Venezuela.
No. 21 Wisconsin Trounces Penn 77-44 (AP) AP - Mike Wilkinson scored all but two of his 19 points in the second half and Brian Butch had a memorable debut in No. 21 Wisconsin's 77-44 rout of Penn on Saturday night.
A free-trade fight over wine The clinical psychologist from Saginaw, Mich., convinced his favorite wineries, tiny California operations, to ship him a precious few bottles each year.
Biologists say grouse not a species in peril The US Fish and Wildlife Service has recommended against listing the greater sage grouse as a threatened or endangered species, the agency announced Friday.
Oracle takes 60 percent of PeopleSoft shares but game is not over WASHINGTON : After a bitter 18-month battle Oracle Corp has succeeded in taking control of more than 60 percent of outstanding shares of rival business software group PeopleSoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain.
FDA Officer Suggests Strict Curbs on 5 Drugs A veteran Food and Drug Administration safety officer said yesterday at a Senate hearing on the abrupt recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx that five other widely used drugs should either be 
San Francisco hotel workers to return to work after lockout The city #39;s mayor says about four-thousand unionized maids, bellhops, cooks and other hourly wage earners will return to their jobs Tuesday following an eight-week lockout.
Dispute Over  la Carte Cable Pricing Federal regulators took issue Friday with consumer groups that contend that allowing cable television subscribers to pay only for channels they want would lower consumers #39; cable bills.
Riot #39;s about right: Ingredients always there I see the tape of the brawl over and over again, and each time I am stunned. I see the Pacers and Pistons yapping at each other, then I see items thrown at the Indiana players and 
3,000 Indian Troops Pull Out of Kashmir JAMMU, India, Nov. 20 -- India pulled about 3,000 troops out of Kashmir Saturday in a planned withdrawal of army units from the disputed region, Indian officials said.
Afghan Gets Death for Journalist Slayings KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghan judges sentenced a man to death Saturday over the slaying of three foreign journalists and an Afghan colleague, who were pulled from their cars, robbed and shot as they rushed to cover the collapse of the Taliban.
Prince denies he is out of step The Prince of Wales is to defend himself publicly after being accused of being  quot;old fashioned quot; over modern teaching methods.
British hunters seek to end fox-hunt ban Defeated in Parliament, supporters of fox hunting went to court Friday to try to overturn a legislative ban on their more than 300-year-old sport and vowed a campaign of civil disobedience 
Europe Shares Hover Near 2-1/2 Year Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares hovered near 2-1/2 year  highs on Tuesday as economic optimism prevailed, but British  retailer Woolworths fell 8 percent after it reported sluggish  Christmas sales.
Chinese leader wants stable climate for yuan reform SANTIAGO : Chinese President Hu Jintao, meeting US leader George W. Bush during an Asia-Pacific summit, said he plans to loosen the yuan #39;s decade-old peg to the dollar, but only under the right conditions.
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004, at least 1,221 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 946 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said as of Friday. The figures include three military civilians.
U.S. Military Names More Enemy Combatants (AP) AP - U.S. military review tribunals have ordered five more prisoners to remain held as enemy combatants in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a Navy official said Saturday.
Creditors to Write Off Most of Iraq #39;s Debt US Treasury Secretary John Snow, left, and his German counterpart Hans Eichel, shake hands during the G20 conference of finance ministers and central bank governors in Berlin on Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004.
Chavez Pushes Anti-Terrorism Plan After Bomb Attack Venezuela #39;s President Hugo Chavez pressed for a new anti-terrorism proposal on Saturday after a car bomb killed a top state prosecutor investigating opponents accused of backing a 2002 coup against him.
Afghan court sentences man to death for murder of foreign &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL : An Afghan court sentenced a man to death for killing three foreign journalists and their Afghan colleague shortly after the fall of the hardline Taliban regime in 2001.
UN gives up on efforts to seek worldwide cloning treaty The United States and other opponents of human cloning shelved their bid Friday for a UN treaty to ban the controversial procedure, unable to overcome opposition by nations seeking to allow cloning for embryonic stem cell research.
Anti-terror laws  #39;may go further #39; The home secretary is to spell out proposals for more far-reaching measures to tackle terrorism, amid fears of an al-Qaeda attack on Britain.
Colonials Come on Late Trailing at halftime to an overmatched foe, George Washington finally gets in a groove in the second half and puts away Morgan State, 94-70, on Saturday.
B.C. Gets Easy Win Jessalyn Deveny, Clare Droesch and Brooke Queenan team for 55 points as No. 18 Boston College beats Western Michigan, 71-50.
Terps Have Potential With some luck, Maryland's women's basketball team could make a big splash nationally this year after several down seasons.
Diminishing Returns Delaware State scores on a 73-yard punt return and a 25-yard interception return and defeats Howard, 32-13, Saturday at Greene Stadium.
Wizards Rise Over Nets Larry Hughes scores 10 of his 22 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Wizards over the woeful Nets, 97-86, on Saturday night.
NASA launches new satellite Swift NASA has launched a new space observatory to hunt down and study the most powerful explosions seen in the Universe since the Big Bang itself.
UNDATED: in 1997. Eddie Griffin scored 23 points and Kevin Garnett had 20 despite a shoulder injury to lift Minnesota over winless New Orleans (0-8).
Over 50 feared in China plane crash A China Eastern plane carrying more than 50 passengers and crew has crashed into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in Inner Mongolia and all are feared dead, state media says.
No relief for Europe as G20 shuns action to halt dollar slide (AFP) AFP - The Group of 20 finance chiefs have shunned action to halt the dollar slide, leaving Europe isolated at the end of a forum here and facing an almost certain further strengthening of the euro.
Yukos on the auction block Russian tax authorities yesterday scheduled the equivalent of a fire sale at what was once the nation #39;s largest oil company, offering the main production facility at Yukos Oil 
Grumbling Over the Greenback Financial markets and economic policymakers around the globe all were focused last week on the shrinking value of the dollar. The greenback fell to its lowest level in years against both the yen and the euro 
Speak no evil, just in Casey GOLF, as someone once said with a stunning lack of humour, can be a funny old game. Not always though. This week at least, Paul Casey hasnt spent a lot of time laughing.
Rangers boss defends players after O #39;Neill rant Alan Thompson and Chris Sutton saw red as Rangers narrowed the gap to one point at the top of the SPL by winning a stormy Old Firm derby.
Wizards Too Strong For Nets Washington Wizards forward Antawn Jamison hit a jumper from the right corner late in the fourth quarter and lightly tapped his right fist against his chest.
Brawl mars end for retiring Holtz He #39;d thought about it fondly, envisioning it as his grand ride into the sunset. Who knows, maybe he #39;d even leave the Memorial Stadium playing surface at Clemson victoriously saddled atop his players #39; shoulders.
Roundup: Wisconsin routs Penn; UConn, Kentucky roll Mike Wilkinson scored all but two of his 19 points in the second half and Brian Butch had a memorable debut in No. 20 Wisconsin #39;s 77-44 rout of Penn on Saturday night.
Volkswagen 2004 China Sales Fall  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Volkswagen's car sales in China fell 6  percent in 2004 and will fare little better in 2005 amid a  raging price war and worsening demand from a slowing economy,  executives for its two ventures in the country said on Tuesday.
Palestinians open election process to select candidate to replace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestinians formally opened the campaign to replace Yasser Arafat yesterday as candidates aspiring to replace the long-time leader began seeking signatures to qualify for the January 9 ballot.
Explosion in southern Italy kills eight, gas leak possible cause An explosion leveled a two-story apartment building in southern Italy early Saturday, killing eight residents and injuring six others, and firefighters were investigating whether a gas leak was to blame.
Labour #39;s anti-terror pledge Home Secretary David Blunkett has signalled that a third term Labour government would impose sweeping new anti-terror laws amid fears of an al Qaida attack on Britain.
Elusive Anschutz Leaves Wide Footprint The billionaire investor is on the cusp of becoming a major presence in Washington with ambitious plans for D.C. United and new ownership of Journal Newspapers Inc.
A Wedding That Won't Leave You Broke If you're planning a spring or summer wedding, you're probably sweating the details now.
Angry Ferrero Has Not Given Up Hope  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Out of form and out of favor,  Spain's Juan Carlos Ferrero could barely hide his  disappointment at being used as a bit-part doubles player in  the Davis Cup final against the United States.
Ohio State Secures Victory, but Michigan Gains Rose Bowl Bid The Buckeyes stunned the No. 7 Wolverines, who still get to go to Pasadena because they defeated co-Big Ten Champion Iowa, 30-17, on Sept 25.
With a Rookie Quarterback in the N.F.L., Call It in the Air Debuts are rarely pretty, especially for rookies such as quarterback Eli Manning, who will make his first start for the Giants on Sunday, against the Atlanta Falcons.
No relief for Europe as G20 shuns action to halt dollar slide BERLIN : The Group of 20 finance chiefs have shunned action to halt the dollar slide, leaving Europe isolated at the end of a forum here and facing an almost certain further strengthening of the euro.
Observatory launched by NASA to look for emerging black ho The fastest-swiveling space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit yesterday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions that astronomers say they believe represent the birth screams of black holes.
Barcelona beat Real Madrid Barcelona moved seven points clear at the top of the Spanish League on Saturday following a three-nil victory at home to second-placed Real Madrid.
Everything will be decided at today #39;s Nextel Cup race HOMESTEAD, Fla. - The Nextel Cup championship, after 35 races, winds down to one, and the same man who will start on the pole in todays Ford 400 occupies a similarly lofty perch in the title race.
Mosley more competitive, but not enough LAS VEGAS -- Shane Mosley made the rematch closer, while Winky Wright made sure the result was the same. Wright used his right jab to pile up points early in the fight, then held on to win a majority decision 
Challenges and opportunities seen in merger The Nov. 17 announcement that Kmart would be attempting to acquire Sears stores in a \$11 billion deal sent shockwaves throughout the financial world.
Racist Fans Bring Issue To Forefront The fact that racism in European soccer is not a dead issue became painfully obvious in Spain during the past week, with members of both England #39;s full international 
Warne, McGrath hand Kiwis heavy defeat Brisbane: New Zealand collapsed to an innings and 156-run defeat in the first cricket Test here, demoralised by a crushing Australian innings lead and routed by the world champions #39; inspired bowling.
No. 14 LSU Rallies to Beat Mississippi (AP) AP - Alley Broussard ran for a school-record 250 yards with three touchdowns and No. 14 LSU rallied to beat Mississippi 27-24 Saturday night.
Electronic Arts and the mighty dollar Behemoth publisher EA seems to be a bit hard on its employees, reslting in law suits. But employee abuse and poor working conditions isn't as simple to solve as it might seem. And EA is the catalyst for a potential revolution
Home Is Where the Help Desk Is More than ever, today's consumers need to plan and research their tech purchases to make sure the parts of their digital dream home will actually work together.
Virtual Storefronts Are Rent-Free on LiveDeal The locally focused Web marketplace made its official debut last week, offering "free for life" storefronts to sellers and the ability to list anything for sale at no cost.
Chinese firm set to control MG Rover BRITAINS only remaining mass market car maker seemed certain last night to pass into foreign control after MG Rover admitted merger talks with a Chinese firm were at an advanced stage.
Gomes stays hot for Providence Ryan Gomes scored 24 points and grabbed 15 rebounds last night, leading Providence (9-4) to a 79-63 win over Brown (6-6).
It was time for caution Whether or not Gary Payton would play last night was truly a game-time decision. At 6:37 p.m., the Celtics announced that he would not dress and that second-year point guard Marcus Banks would start. But before Payton rested, he had an unusually busy night.
Looking beyond the K-word Here we go again! First, remarks made by Pervez Musharraf over a mouthful of Iftaar goodies are touted as a blueprint for peace and then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh gives it legitimacy by rejecting it.
Transactions BASEBALL Cleveland (AL): Sold INF Erick Almonte to Nippon (Japan). New York (AL): Signed P Tanyon Sturtze.
Gators Shock 'Noles Chris Leak throws a touchdown as Florida upsets No. 10 Florida State, 20-13, in Ron Zook's last game as coach. It is the Gators first win in Tallahassee since 1986.
'Pacers Lite' Lose Late Limited to just six players because of suspensions and injuries, the Pacers take the Magic to the final moments before dropping a 86-83 decision on Saturday.
Hornets Drop to 0-8 Reserve Eddie Griffin converts 10 of 14 shots for 23 points as the Minnesota Timberwolves deal the winless New Orleans Hornets another setback, 99-94.
PeopleSoft board rejects takeover bid by Oracle PLEASANTON, California - PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board yesterday rejected Oracle Corp. #39;s \$9.2 billion takeover bid, continuing its resistance after the company #39;s own shareholders tendered more than 60 percent of their stock to Oracle.
Sirius Satellite: Making Waves When shock jock Howard Stern swooped into Sirius Satellite Radio, he was greeted like a conquering hero. Last month, a week after he announced on his popular morning radio show 
Nintendo Bets on New Hand-Held Console to Leap Ahead of Sony Nintendo Co., the world #39;s biggest maker of portable game consoles, begins selling its newest hand- held player today, accompanied by a \$40 million advertising push aimed at taking customers away from Sony Corp.
Australia wins series opener? (updated PM 1:52) Glenn McGrath tormented New Zealand with bat and ball and Shane Warne took four wickets Sunday as Australia won by an innings and 156 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the two-test cricket series.
Greenspan does down the dollar Alan Greenspan, Federal Reserve chairman, yesterday gave the dollar a further push lower as he said the huge US current account deficit threatened to scare off foreign investors.
 #39;Medicine is for people, not profits #39; Dodge Ball, the game in which children try to avoid getting hit by a rubber ball, may seem to have nothing in common with the business of developing medicines.
A nice addition was subtracted He didn't play. That, in and of itself, is hoop Halley's Comet. For all the trees that have been felled over the years chronicling anything and everything about Gary Payton, there's been one indisputable fact: He doesn't miss games. He can be everything from abrasive to solicitous, but he is unfailingly durable. If this were baseball, Doc Rivers wouldn't have ...
It is better to give when not being deceived  Six-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong has already shown he can dominate the world of cycling. Now the cancer survivor is setting his sights on the world of charitable giving.
How to avoid a scamming planner He said he kept two sets of books, stole from clients for two decades, and hid his activities from regulators. But Bradford C. Bleidt's purported multimillion-dollar scam would never have gotten off the ground if clients of Allocation Plus Asset Management Co. had followed two basic investment rules.
Mergers pinching smaller nonprofits The staff at the Veterans Benefits Clearinghouse knows many of the homeless men and women who roam Boston's streets once served in the armed forces. For years, the small Roxbury nonprofit has helped by finding them jobs.
When it comes to fly-fishing, he's hooked A funny thing happened when Dr. Burt A. Adelman, executive vice president for development at Cambridge biotech giant Biogen Idec, bought a fly rod for his son Ian on his 16th birthday.
When business innovation leads to disaster This book attempts to demolish the notion that ''new is better. quot; For the most part, it succeeds. Sergio Zyman and coauthor Armin A. Brott build a solid foundation for their argument that innovation can be disastrous for the bottom line. Innovation is like a sugar high, they say -- a quick fix that just doesn't work.
Etiquette at Work Q: What are the rules regarding hand shakes in business situations? Should men stand when shaking hands with each other? And are women required to shake hands?
Lessons in making life-and-debt decisions It's safe to say most people would prefer to never have to see a bankruptcy attorney or judge.
NY Ave.  #39;Gateway #39; Opens Michael Foster is so fascinated by Metro trains that he knows how to identify different models of the cars. So it came as no surprise to his mother when he asked to kick off the weekend 
Humans raise odds of extreme weather This week #39;s issue of Nature features the first study to demonstrate a link between greenhouse gas emissions and an extreme weather event - in this case, the unusually high temperatures in Europe during the summer of 2003 that led to 14,000 deaths more 
Woods Ends Drought With First Win in Japan (AP) AP - Tiger Woods shot a 3-under 67 Sunday to win the Dunlop Phoenix by eight strokes for his first title since February and first ever in Japan.
Microsoft defends its software Microsoft has been forced to fight for its lucrative Asian market, following government agreements to switch to other open-source software.
Tech Buying Guide: Organizers Many people don #39;t use a handheld organizer for anything but tracking their calendar appointments and contacts lists. For them, there #39;s no reason to spend more than \$100, in the form of Palm #39;s Zire 21.
Slew of multiplayer options helps  #39;Halo 2 #39; fulfill hype  quot;Halo 2, quot; which went on sale in November, shattered video game sales records, but does it live up to the hype? Yes. And in spades.
Is Firefox 1.0 Less Stable than Firefox PR1.0? An anonymous reader wonders:  quot;I had Firefox 1.0PR running smoothly on three different machines and it hardly ever crashed. After upgrading to 1.0, I seem to have at least one annoying crash a day.
Bush tells Putin of democracy concerns (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush told Russian President Vladimir Putin in person for the first time that he worried about "overcentralization of power" in the Kremlin, said a senior US official.
Readers give their versions of what happened it #39;s said that they were all there -- looked invisible to me. I do not agree with the suspensions being indefinite, 10 games 
World #39;s oldest man dies at 113 NEW YORK -- Fred Hale Sr., the oldest man in the world, according to the Guinness Book of Records, has died less than two weeks shy of his 114th birthday.
Ponting hails mighty turnaround Ricky Ponting hailed two outstanding days of pressure cricket for delivering one of Australia #39;s biggest Test victories over New Zealand, inside four days at the Gabba in Brisbane.
Clemson, Carolina: THE AFTERMATH The 102nd gridiron meeting between archival Clemson and South Carolina will certainly be remembered, that #39;s for sure, but unfortunately, for all the wrong reasons.
Rain doesn #39;t fall on Auburn #39;s parade A rainy Saturday afternoon belonged to hopeful Alabama fans, but once again, the blue and orange of Auburn owned Bryant-Denny Stadium by nightfall.
Sugar Shane Mosley Sweet, but Wright Call in End Sugar Shane Mosley made all of the necessary adjustments from the first fight, but still managed to come up short as consensus junior middleweight champion Ronald Winky Wright earned 
MSU turnovers help Penn State score four touchdowns in third &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A week after being at its best, Michigan State was at its worst. The Spartans still haven #39;t learned how to handle success, losing Saturday to Penn State, 37-13, at Beaver Stadium.
53 dead in China plane crash A China Eastern commuter plane has crashed into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in Inner Mongolia, killing all 53 passengers and crew, state media have said.
Rescuers in China search for 79 iron miners trapped in blaze BEIJING Eight miners have been killed in a fire that broke out in a complex of iron mines in northern China. State media says Chinese rescuers are struggling to find 79 more miners still trapped.
Recount Begins in Wash. Governor's Race (AP) AP - Both of Washington's potential new governors have experienced the uncomfortable sensation of reading their own political obituaries.
NBA Wrap: Short-Handed Pacers Lose the Night  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Grant Hill collected 28 points, seven  rebounds and six assists to carry the Orlando Magic to an 86-83  win over the short-handed Indiana Pacers in Indianapolis  Saturday.
Woods Seizes First Strokeplay Title of Year  MIYAZAKI, Japan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods picked up his first  strokeplay title of a difficult year when he romped to an  eight-shot victory at the Dunlop Phoenix tournament on Sunday.
Ukrainians Choose New President in Landmark Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainians Sunday began choosing a new  president in a landmark poll offering a choice between the  ex-Soviet state's prime minister, backed by Russia, and a  liberal rival seeking gradual integration with the West.
Hourihan finally getting her shot in goal When Northeastern University women's hockey goalie Marisa Hourihan skated off with a 3-0 victory over Quinnipiac University on Oct. 30, the Hanover native felt she was back where she belonged.
Africa and its children ALERE, Uganda -- Kasmiro Bongonyinge remembers sitting up suddenly in his bed. It was just after sunrise on a summer morning two years ago, and the old man, 87 years old and blind, knew something was wrong.
Palestinian candidates shaping ballot RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, while officials warned that the vote may be delayed if Israel does not halt military activities.
Bush seeks unity on Iran, North Korea SANTIAGO, Chile -- President Bush used his first trip abroad since reelection to press allies yesterday for help in hemming in the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran, nations he considers part of an ''axis of evil. quot;
Companies, scavengers scrap over recycled paper in Japan TOKYO -- The paper chase starts in the blackness of early morning, a cat-and-mouse game played on Tokyo's almost empty backstreets in the hours before businessmen shake off their hangovers and commuters emerge to flood the city.
Air crash into lake kills all 53 on board BEIJING -- A small passenger plane carrying 53 people crashed today in a northern lake immediately after takeoff, and the government said there were no survivors. The plane crashed into a frozen lake in Baotou, a city about 330 miles northwest of Beijing, seconds after taking off at about 8:20 a.m., the official Xinhua News Agency said. The China Eastern ...
Plan OK'd to cancel some Iraq debt BERLIN -- Germany and the United States have agreed on a proposal to write off as much as 80 percent of Iraq's debt, Germany's finance minister said yesterday, capping a months-long US push for debt forgiveness.
Bush Frees Secret Service Agent from Chile &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush Saturdayreached into a throng of squabbling bodyguards and pulled aSecret Service agent away from Chilean security officers afterthey stopped the U.S. agent from accompanying the president ata dinner.&lt;/p&gt;
Hall frustrates India with maiden ton Kanpur: Andrew Hall got a maiden Test century as South Africa made steady progress, frustrating India on the second day of the first Test at the Green Park Stadium on Sunday.
Gamecocks finish at bottom of class CLEMSON, SC - It #39;s not too late, Steve Spurrier. Don #39;t sign any dotted lines until you see the film from the latest South Carolina debacle in Death Valley.
On the firing line: Giants quarterback Eli Manning Eli Manning is behind schedule compared to his brother, Peyton, who set the family #39;s standard for rookie quarterbacks in 1998 with the Indianapolis Colts.
Hot Hand, Cold Hand Lawrence J. Ellison, chief executive of Oracle Corp., whose 17-month campaign to take over rival PeopleSoft Inc. got a boost when major PeopleSoft owners offered to tender their shares.
Suppliers optimistic about Kmart acquisition of Sears GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. Kmart #39;s pending acquisition of Sears has a number of suppliers wondering how it will affect their business.
Metro opens its newest station Metro opened its newest station yesterday amid hopes that it would spark more economic development in the city #39;s Northeast commercial district along Florida and New York avenues while serving residents in the nearby, emerging neighborhoods.
It's crunch time for Crennel Saturday is the last day that NFL assistant coaches and front office personnel whose teams are in the playoffs can interview for jobs -- until their team's playoff run ends. That means this could be a big week for Patriots defensive coordinator Romeo Crennel, who has coveted a head coaching position for the past few years.
Swift Observatory Launched IndigoSkies writes  quot;NASA today successfully launched the Swift Observatory into Earth orbit for an intense two year study of GRBs (gamma-ray bursts) to determine whether there is a connection between them and the evolution of black holes.
Yahoo extends Microsoft ad deal to mid-2006 NEW YORK - Yahoo Inc. has agreed to extend its deal to place advertisements on Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN sites in the United States and overseas by one year through June 2006, Yahoo said Thursday.
Secret of success (for 113 years): hobbies, honey, a merry outlook There were times when Fred Hale Sr. #39;s loved ones wondered if he might just live forever. Nothing seemed to stop Hale, the oldest man in the world.
After defeating Mosley, Wright calls out Tito Trinidad November 21, 2004 -- After his second straight victory over Shane Mosley on Saturday night at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, Ronald  quot;Winky quot; Wright was quick to call out who he wants next -- Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad.
Editorial: Changing Times, Changing PDA A consistent theme among many people in PDA forums around the Internet lately has been that Palm OS based PDAs are not making the effort to cater to the need for more useful features (for example, there is only one current PDA model that includes Wifi 
US, Germany Agree On Iraqi Debt Write-Off Germany and the United States have agreed on a proposal to write off as much as 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debt, Germany #39;s finance minister said Saturday, following a months-long US push for debt forgiveness.
Palestinian candidates shaping ballot Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, while officials warned that 
Chinese leader to visit Havana for communist summit (AFP) AFP - Fidel Castro will Monday receive Chinese President Hu Jintao in Havana, a meeting between an aged leader clinging to his communist ideology and a younger one who has tried to reduce the party's profile.
Redefining the role of academic research Charles M. Vest, who will be stepping down next month as the president of MIT, personifies his school's famed ''engineering mentality. quot; Simply put, this is the inclination to find a problem and fix it.
At Holocaust Museum, Turning a Number Into a Name The Yad Vashem museum in Jerusalem has assembled the names and biographies of Jewish victims of the Holocaust, and it will make the information available online.
School District Challenges Darwin's Theory A Pennsylvania school district Friday defended its decision to discount Charles Darwin's theory of evolution and teach what critics say is a version of creationism.
Two held after Air France flight diverted WASHINGTON -- A flight from Paris bound for Dulles International Airport was diverted Saturday night after US Customs officials detained two passengers aboard, officials said.
Eurozone data to show sliding business confidence: economists (AFP) AFP - Eurozone figures to be released this week should show business confidence beginning to slide again owing to concern over slowing growth and the strong euro, economists said.
Mickey #39;s Fight Club It was nearly 10 years ago that Disney CEO Michael Eisner began to seriously contemplate his own mortality. He #39;d just survived emergency bypass surgery, and he was worried: if something happened to him, who could possibly run Disney?
Supplement maker walks fine legal line Just three years after Ohio salesman Steve Warshak started selling penis enlargement pills out of a spare room in his home, his company rakes in more than \$200 million a year on unproven palliatives 
NASA launches new satellite Swift The fastest-swivelling space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit on Saturday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions.
Life is good Once upon a time, first-person shooter games had about as much plot and character development as a porn flick. Your digital hero just ran around and pumped hot lead into demons or aliens or Nazis, much like the porn hero .
Linspire #39;s Robertson embraces Windows Media LINSPIRE INC. the company formerly known as Lindows announced on November 18 that it has licensed Windows Media technology and made it immediately available via a click-and-run online update to the users of the Linux distro.
4 suspended after NBA melee NBA Commissioner David Stern indefinitely suspended four players who took part in an ugly melee with fans, now regarded as one of the worst in sports history, in a Friday night game between the Indiana Pacers and the host Detroit Pistons.
Barcelona shuts out rival Real Madrid MADRID, Spain  Barcelona moved further ahead in the Spanish league by beating rival Real Madrid 3-0 Saturday in the country #39;s biggest match.
Gators  #39;86 Noles TALLAHASSEE - The final act was the showstopper. A jaw-dropper. It was so Ron Zook. You figured he #39;d zig. Well, he zagged. You figured he would coach the Florida Gators to a loss in a big game.
Cyclones near title after big comeback MANHATTAN, Kan.  With a thrilling comeback, Iowa State is a win away from a surprising championship. Iowa State trailed the Wildcats by two touchdowns early in the fourth quarter, but freshman Bret Meyer 
Robinson hails Hodgson heroics Charlie Hodgson #39;s record-equalling performance against South Africa was praised by coach Andy Robinson after the Sale flyhalf scored 27 points in England #39;s 32-16 victory here at Twickenham on Saturday.
Death toll of north China plane crash possibly up to 55 Two men on the ground were most likely killed in the plane crash Sunday morning in Baotou City, north China #39;s Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, bringing the death toll of the accident to 55, local police sources said.
Dissident freed in Myanmar YANGON, Myanmar -- One of Myanmar #39;s best known and longest-imprisoned political dissidents has been freed as part of a general release of almost 4,000 prisoners by the country #39;s ruling junta, a family member confirmed Saturday.
Sharon: Stop Terror and Talk; Arabs: Words Before Action The Palestinian Authority, refusing Israel #39;s demand for a halt in terrorist attacks, also insists that Israel release convicted terrorist Marwan Barghouti, who is serving multiple life sentences for murder.
Prince William defends Royal Family LONDON -- Prince William supported the oft-criticized behaviour of his brother, Prince Harry, and also stuck up for his father, Prince Charles, in a rare interview with the British news media published yesterday.
A show of ideological solidarity from China HAVANA  In his first visit to Latin America, Chinese President Hu Jintao came bearing billions of dollars worth of potential trade and investment agreements that prompted regional leaders to herald a new era of closer ties with the emerging economic 
Beta doesn #39;t beat Google Granted, the new MSN (http://beta.search.msn.com) is still in the  quot;beta quot; phase -- testing a work in progress. Microsoft is expected to make the technology part of its main MSN site early next year.
FireFox Developers Riding the Wave The publicity avalanche surrounding FireFox continues unabated. News.com profiles developers at the forefront of the FireFox developer movement and explains how some crafty developers are taking advantage 
Fans to blame, say Clippers Talk throughout Staples Center on Saturday, as the Clippers lost to the Houston Rockets, centered around Friday night #39;s melee in Auburn Hills, Mich.
Busch the man to beat for title NASCAR points leader Kurt Busch is all smiles as he walks back to his garage after winning the pole position on Friday at the Homestead Miami International Speedway in Homestead, Fla.
Ferguson: delighted SIR Alex Ferguson has predicted Paul Scholes will end the season in double figures after finally breaking a 20-game goal drought at Old Trafford this afternoon.
Michigan loses but wins anyway Troy Smith barely got on the field for Ohio State this season. After the Buckeyes #39; biggest game of the year, he had trouble getting off of it.
Familiar result for Krzyzewski JJ Redick and Daniel Ewing each scored 20 points, and No. 11 Duke turned up the defensive pressure in the second half to beat Tennessee-Martin 88-46 Saturday night in the teams #39; season opener in Durham, NC.
Roundup: UCLA triumphs in season opener UCLA freshman Jordan Farmar gave fans a preview of his playmaking skills with a no-look, crosscourt pass to Ryan Hollins for a dunk late in the second half.
Today's schedule College basketball: WOMEN -- William Smith at Babson, 7 p.m.; Brandeis at Curry, 7 p.m.; Southern Maine at Tufts, 7 p.m.; Providence at UConn, 7:30 p.m.
Grand opening for Terriers Minnesota may have spoiled Boston University's final game at Walter Brown Arena by claiming a 2-1 victory at the old barn Sunday, but the Terriers weren't going to let the Golden Gophers ruin their inaugural game at Agganis Arena.
CRISIS IN IRAQ: THERE #39;S NO HUMANITY THE Red Cross yesterday launched a blistering attack on both sides in the war in Iraq. The organisation blasted US troops and Iraqi rebels for their  quot;utter contempt for humanity quot; as the country continues to be torn apart by violence.
Down, but never out  The bright lights are gone. So are the screaming fans, the TV cameras, and the curvaceous card girls tucked into high heels and bikinis. But the scars on Micky Ward's face -- those are forever.
After slip, Sorenstam back on top Annika Sorenstam lost her three-shot lead in five holes yesterday, then had to make three birdies over the final six to salvage an even-par 72 and take a one-shot lead into the final round of the season-ending LPGA ADT Championship in West Palm Beach, Fla.
Fitzpatrick  amp; Co. were amazing, end of story The last time Harvard had a run like this, the ball was a lot rounder, the players wore leather helmets, and the movie you took your girl to see on a Saturday night had no sound.
Cut, cut: Scene is repeated in Providence Well, yes, there are worse things than a lockout. In the midst of the NHL's self-imposed two-hander over the head (now day No. 66 on what appears the fast track to infinity), a couple of Bruins prospects turned their opportunity to play in Providence into their final days in the Boston organization.
Alou goes to bat for Sosa Moises Alou, who hit a career-best 39 home runs last season but doesn't expect the Cubs to re-sign him after they declined his \$11 million option, dismisses reports that Chicago will trade Sammy Sosa this winter.
Perfect Game All autumn long, Harvard's football team has had its chroniclers thumbing through the archives and blowing the dust off records that go back to the 19th century. Yesterday afternoon, the unbeaten Crimson wrote their own chapter in bold face, throttling archrival Yale, 35-3, before 30,308 at the Stadium to post their best record (10-0) in 103 years and wrap up ...
Sports  amp; Fitness Calendar The following activities will take place in the area this week. Events are listed as space allows.
Ukrainians vote in knife-edge presidential election (AFP) AFP - Ukrainians voted for a new president in a bitterly-fought runoff election that will determine whether this strategic former Soviet republic turns toward Europe or remains in Moscow's orbit.
UN repeats plea for hostage release in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - The United Nations has reiterated a plea for the safe release of three UN workers taken hostage by alleged Islamic militants, as the crisis dragged into its third week with little known about the hostages' fate.
Bush tells Musharraf he will focus on Mideast issue (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush told visiting Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf he would make the creation of a Palestinian state a central priority of his second term in office.
CROSSING THE LINE Friday night, Hornets guard Darrell Armstrong was dining at Smith  amp; Wollensky with other New Orleans athletes, including forward PJ Brown and Saints quarterback Aaron Brooks, when a restaurant employee rushed to their table.
Finishing holes start more trouble WEST PALM BEACH  Trump International #39;s difficult finishing holes are asserting themselves at the ADT Championship. A year ago, the tournament came down to the final shots at the 18th, and 
Bizarre Monday Night Football message Coach Dick Vermeil stands alone in his office, anxiously looking one last time at the play list he has scripted for his Monday night game against Indianapolis.
New Giants season starts today The Giants reached the midway point of their season a week ago, but in reality they really start a new season today. Today is Day 1 of the Eli Manning Era, the day 
Florida Classic: Record day fails to make Rattler feel any better None of Ben Dougherty #39;s half-dozen touchdowns come during the fourth quarter of FAMU #39;s loss. By IBRAM ROGERS. ORLANDO - It was Florida A amp;M senior quarterback Ben Dougherty #39;s last chance to beat Bethune-Cookman.
Gators defense finally closes one out After letting several teams come back to win, Florida holds off FSU in the final minutes. By ANTONYA ENGLISH, Times Staff Writer. TALLAHASSEE - It had gained a reputation as a defense that would fold and collapse 
Insurgent assault feared in Baghdad Insurgents fought US troops in running street battles in the capital Saturday, assassinated three Iraqi officials and their driver, and detonated a car bomb in Baghdad #39;s Liberation 
Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian in Gaza Strip; Abbas to be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli soldiers killed one Palestinian and were chasing two others Sunday morning near the  quot;Kissufim quot; road in the Gaza Strip not far from the border fence, according to Israel Radio.
Johnson trade is given OK Randy Johnson is practically ready to be measured for one tall set of pinstripes. Commissioner Bud Selig gave his blessing yesterday to a trade that will send Johnson to the Yankees, making a contract extension the last major obstacle could be resolved in the protracted Arizona-New York swap.
Weis chooses not to make pickoff Bill Belichick won't have to worry about Charlie Weis raiding his coaching staff for Notre Dame. But we'll have to see whether new Miami Dolphins coach Nick Saban has an eye on any of his former assistants.
Toyota Prius is 2005 European Car of the Year The Toyota Prius has been voted 2005 Car of the Year by the 58 members of the European Car of the Year Jury, it was announced last Monday.
South Africa in strong position Kanpur Test KANPUR: Andrew Halls unbeaten knock of 78 helped South Africa make a fine start in their two-Test series against India at the Green Park Stadium here on Saturday.
It's about the best you can do with BCS Playoffs? Who needs playoffs? And isn't that ironic in another season when the "P-word" was again front and center in a Bowl Championship Series controversy?
Paris Club moves to write off Iraq #39;s debts The Paris Club of creditor nations on Saturday discussed a plan to write off about 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debts. According to The AP, US Treasury Secretary John Snow and German Finance Minister Hans Eichel concluded 
PM gives open invitation of talks to North east groups Imphal: Winding up his visit to the trouble-torn Manipur, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday extended an open invitation to all groups including ULFA, who abjure violence, for talks to resolve all outstanding issues in the North East and expressed 
Israeli army arrests 6 Palestinians in W. Bank Israeli army arrested six Palestinians in the West Bank, Palestinian security sources and witnesses said Saturday. The sources said Israeli army arrested three residents and 
Charity looks at new ways to raise funds for holiday The Salvation Army workers and volunteers who attract shoppers outside stores with their dinging bells have long been one of the more reliable sights and sounds of the holiday shopping season.
Kmart and Sears #39; merger troubling Kmart Holding Corp. may have found its best  quot;Blue Light Special quot; ever: retailing rival Sears Roebuck  amp; Co. Still, many experts questioned whether the \$11 billion buyout would keep the blue lights flashing 
Blake Puts Nightmare Year Behind Him  PERTH (Reuters) - James Blake put a nightmare year behind  him Tuesday, helping the U.S. make a winning start to their  defense of the Hopman Cup.
B-52B test plane flies final mission The record-setting speed by the X-43A experimental scramjet engine on Tuesday marked the final operational mission for NASA #39;s B-52B test aircraft.
Woods seizes first strokeplay title of year Tiger Woods picked up his first strokeplay title of a difficult year when he romped to an eight-shot victory at the Japanese tour event in Miyazaki.
OLDEST MAN DIES AT 113 November 21, 2004 -- DEWITT, NY - Fred Hale Sr., documented as the world #39;s oldest man, has died at age 113. Hale died peacefully Friday in his sleep at The Nottingham in suburban Syracuse, while trying to 
Cricket-Hall gets ton as Indian bowlers toil hard KANPUR, India (AFP) - Andrew Hall #39;s defiant ton left Indian bowlers frustrated as South Africa reached 398-6 at tea on the second day of the first Test here.
Winky repeats over Shane It was much closer than the first time, but the result was the same when Winky Wright and Shane Mosley left the ring at the Mandalay Bay Event Center last night.
Deal nears on Iraq debt write-off More than a quarter of Iraq #39;s foreign debt burden could be forgiven after a framework agreement was reached by two of the country #39;s main creditors.
PALESTINIAN HOPEFULS JOCKEY FOR POSITION November 21, 2004 -- Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, as the late leader #39;s family considers releasing his medical records and revealing his cause of death.
Mideast awaits Powell visit Israel has said it would consider any formal request to pull troops away from West Bank cities to facilitate a Palestinian presidential election, ahead of a visit by US Secretary of State Colin Powell.
Nine Chinese miners die in blaze Nine Chinese miners have been killed and 57 trapped underground after fire swept through a series of iron mines in the northern province of Hebei, Xinhua news agency has reported.
Image Gallery of Faces of the week Britains Prince Charles has always prided himself on being a man of the people. But with one gruff memo about not all men being equal, the heir to the throne has tarnished his populist credentials.
Myanmar's mass prison release may take a week or more (AFP) AFP - Only a few hundred of 4,000 prisoners, including political dissidents, that Myanmar has vowed to free have been released and it could take at least a week for them all to leave jail, the opposition said.
China shelves tallest tower plans \The southern Chinese city of Guangzhou abandons a plan to build the world's tallest building.
Who #39;s Afraid of Kmart and Sears? Not Target LET #39;S assume that the merger of Kmart and Sears is exactly what it #39;s being sold as: a way to combine the remaining strengths of two well-known but struggling retailers.
Peru Detains Siege Leader, to Storm Police Post &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber and Tania Mellado&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian authorities detained aformer army major who led a three-day uprising in a southernAndean town and will storm the police station where some of his200 supporters remain unless they surrender, Prime MinisterCarlos Ferrero said early on Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Green  amp; Mean Avnish Bhatnagar has always lusted after fast cars like racy BMWs. But when the California computer programmer and his wife had their first baby this year, they needed something more practical.
Detroit zoo considers options for two elderly elephants ROYAL OAK, Mich. The Detroit Zoo is considering what to do with two elderly elephants after its efforts to move the elephants to a sanctuary were rebuffed.
Hall puts SA in command Kanpur - Opener Andrew Hall #39;s tenacious 163 put South Africa in command of the first test match against India on Sunday. Hall #39;s defiant 144-run partnership for the sixth wicket with rookie Zander de Bryun 
Mosley is on short end again Too big. That #39;s what it came down to last night for Shane Mosley. The little man who once could can #39;t anymore. He can #39;t move fast enough, he can #39;t 
No keeping low profile The University of Utah football team still must wait another few weeks, but the time will be marked by anticipation rather than apprehension.
Iran says will go ahead with nuclear suspension Monday TEHRAN : Iran said it was still committed to suspending its sensitive uranium enrichment activities as of Monday and that alarm over its ongoing nuclear activities is merely  quot;propaganda quot;.
Steaming mad at Valve In Half-Life 2, players take up arms against an Orwellian society where unseen masters lord over oppressed humans who have no choice but to submit and comply.
MATCH VIEWS FROM THE BROADSHEETS Paul Scholes has never been comfortable when the spotlight has swung in his direction, and you can imagine him squirming when he was being described as one of the best midfield players in the world last summer.
Iran says to fulfill uranium suspension as scheduled: spokesman Iran said on Sunday that it would fulfill its commitment of suspending uranium enrichment activities on Monday, denying the allegation that it was still producing uranium feedstuff for enrichment.
France acted illegally in Ivory Coast attack The government of France illegally attacked Ivory Coast and the UN Security Council sanctioned the illegal action with the adoption of Resolution 1572 on Monday, in what appears to be an imperial 
Israel, Palestinians Await Powell Visit  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel said ahead of a visit by  Secretary of State Colin Powell Sunday that it would consider  any formal request to pull troops away from West Bank cities to  facilitate a Palestinian presidential election.
Darfur Fighting, Troops Block Food Delivery  EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Tribal clashes, banditry and  troop movements are blocking crucial deliveries of food aid in  North Darfur state despite recent peace agreements, African  Union and United Nations officials said Sunday.
UConn ousts Marist Sophomore Steve Sealy netted his third winning goal in the last four games, giving Connecticut a 2-1 overtime victory over Marist yesterday in an NCAA Division 1 first-round men's soccer playoff game at Morrone Stadium in Storrs, Conn.
This Cowboy will ride it out All the Bill Parcells bashers coming out of the woodwork with the Cowboys struggling will not get their wish. Parcells is not going to step down before he completes the task he went to Dallas to perform.
Indiana falls a little short Using a makeshift roster a night after brawling with fans, the host Indiana Pacers pressed the Orlando Magic until the very end. Limited to just six players because of suspensions and injuries, the Pacers stayed close before dropping an 86-83 decision to Orlando last night.
Price's Miners secure unlikely bowl berth EL PASO -- Jordan Palmer threw for 339 yards and five touchdowns and No. 24 Texas-El Paso beat Southern Methodist, 57-27, last night to clinch a bowl berth in coach Mike Price's first season running the formerly downtrodden program.
Cardinals lift off in Houston HOUSTON -- Stefan LeFors threw for 317 yards and three touchdowns, and Eric Shelton rushed for three more scores, keeping No. 8 Louisville in the hunt for a BCS berth with a 65-27 win over Houston last night.
Arrington gives Bears a big game BERKELEY, Calif. -- J.J. Arrington ran for 169 yards to set California's single-season rushing record, and the fourth-ranked Golden Bears beat Stanford, 41-6, yesterday for their biggest victory in the Big Game since 1930.
Auburn is still perfect -- barely TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- Auburn's stars rescued the Tigers' national championship hopes with a stellar second half.
Triple threat powers Eagles EAST LANSING, Mich. -- Jessalyn Deveny, Clare Droesch, and Brooke Queenan combined for 55 points as No. 18 Boston College beat Western Michigan, 71-50, yesterday in the Spartan Classic.
River Hawks beat the clock, Pace Tammy Haulcy drilled a 3-pointer at the buzzer, lifting UMass-Lowell to a 68-65 victory over Pace last night at Costello Gym in the River Hawks' Northeast-10 Conference opener. UMass-Lowell (2-0) sank eight 3-pointers in all, including four by Mariette Guillaume, who was one of three River Hawks in double figures. Sacha Simms led the way with 15 points, and Enjoli ...
Broncos run win streak to 21 BOISE, Idaho -- Jon Helmandollar rushed for a school-record five touchdowns, and No. 13 Boise State clinched at least a share of its third straight Western Athletic Conference title with a 55-14 win over Louisiana Tech yesterday.
Peterson carries perfect Sooners WACO, Texas -- Adrian Peterson ran for 240 yards, including three second-half touchdowns, and No. 2 Oklahoma got the lopsided win it needed for the BCS standings by beating Baylor, 35-0, yesterday.
No keeping low profile SALT LAKE CITY -- The University of Utah football team still must wait another few weeks, but the time will be marked by anticipation rather than apprehension.
Miami maintains BCS hope MIAMI -- Brock Berlin threw for a career-best 361 yards and four touchdowns in just over a half, and No. 12 Miami stayed in contention for an Atlantic Coast Conference title yesterday by routing Wake Forest, 52-7.
Tennessee wraps up SEC title game date NASHVILLE -- Cedric Houston ran for three touchdowns and No. 15 Tennessee clinched the Southeastern Conference's Eastern Division title yesterday with its 22d straight victory over Vanderbilt, 38-33.
Tech turnovers fuel runaway for Cavaliers ATLANTA -- Alvin Pearman scored two touchdowns and Virginia came up with four key turnovers, leading the 18th-ranked Cavaliers to a 30-10 victory over Georgia Tech yesterday.
It's back up and running PHILADELPHIA -- The burst was back. Displaying some of the giddy-up he showed against Ball State -- before suffering a left knee injury on his 21st carry of a 129-yard performance -- L.V. Whitworth returned to his season-opening form yesterday. The redshirt freshman tailback rushed 17 times for a career-high 151 yards and touchdowns of 29 and 39 yards to ...
Kicked into high gear Marc Thomas returned the opening kickoff of the second half 93 yards for a touchdown, igniting Northeastern to a run of 28 straight points in just over eight minutes as the Huskies crushed the University of Rhode Island, 42-14, at Parsons Field yesterday.
Crimson defense shows off its good side The best offense in the first half of yesterday's Harvard-Yale game was the Crimson defense.
Big Red can't complete the job Defensive lineman Bobby Fallon intercepted a tipped pass and ran 17 yards for a touchdown to start Penn on its way to a 20-14 win over Cornell yesterday in Ithaca, N.Y.
Rare win for Gators at FSU TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw for a touchdown, Ciatrick Fason ran for a score, and Florida upset No. 10 Florida State, 20-13, last night to win in Tallahassee for the first time since 1986. It also gave fired coach Ron Zook a victory in his final regular-season game.
LSU rushing record up Broussard's alley BATON ROUGE, La. -- Alley Broussard ran for a school-record 250 yards with three touchdowns, and No. 14 LSU rallied to beat Mississippi, 27-24, last night.
Lynnfield and Sutton share title WORCESTER -- Sutton couldn't snap Lynnfield's unbeaten streak, but it did force the defending Division 3 champion to share its crown, forging a soggy 1-1 tie last night at John F. Coughlin Field at Worcester State. After 100 minutes of soccer -- 80 minutes of regulation play and two 10-minute extra sessions -- the teams were still deadlocked and by ...
Barnstable nets second straight SHREWSBURY -- Barnstable cruised to its second consecutive MIAA Division 1 state volleyball championship, and its eighth in 10 years, with a 3-0 win over Quincy last night.
Ricker goal enough for Nashoba WORCESTER -- Despite graduating 11 seniors from last year's two-time defending Central Mass. champion squad, Nashoba girls' soccer coach Pam Vaughan was confident of her team's chances to succeed in 2004. And boasting players like sophomore Kylie Ricker and junior Jill Camilleri on her roster, why wouldn't she be? Ricker, who netted the winner in a victory over Longmeadow in ...
GDA falls short against Brunswick Even all-world runner Brian Morrissey couldn't stop this one. ISL champion Governor Dummer, which came into the NEPSAC Congleton-Stokinger championship game riding a 23-game unbeaten streak, fell to Connecticut's Brunswick Academy, 20-19, at Trinity College yesterday.
Upstart Somerset gives Horton fitting finale The Somerset boys' soccer team started the state tournament as an 18th seed and an afterthought in the race for the Division 2 state title. The Blue Raiders knew their coach, Whit Horton, would be retiring after their final game. Yesterday, they gave Horton the best retirement gift possible, the MIAA Division 2 state title, taking a 1-0 win over ...
Hewitt, Federer to clash for Cup HOUSTON -- Roger Federer dangled, Andy Roddick got mangled, and the nerves of 6,510 devotees were tangled and jangled during a breezy, bleak afternoon as the four best tennis players of the universe jammed with each other to see who would remain standing for the Masters Cup final.
Cup within reach for Busch HOMESTEAD, Fla. -- Kurt Busch has been doing everything right in his bid for his first Nextel Cup championship. He now has one big hurdle to clear entering today's Ford 400.
De La Hoya firm adds some punch LAS VEGAS -- Bernard Hopkins and Oscar De La Hoya announced a unique partnership yesterday, joining forces to create a nationwide promotional company boasting each other as the top attraction.
Mosley is on short end again LAS VEGAS -- Too big. That's what it came down to last night for Shane Mosley.
Informant's Fire Brings Shadowy Tale The attempted suicide in front of the White House by a Yemeni national put the secretive world of FBI informants under a rare spotlight.
Bush to Meet With Leaders of Mexico, Chile President Bush aims to dispel the perception of U.S. neglect of Latin America and burnish an American reputation damaged by the Iraq war, undertaking a second-term diplomatic offensive in the region akin to his recent courting of Europe.
Multi-purpose TV aids India A combined PC, telephone and television is being used in aid projects in India.
Pushing the UN to act when it must CONVENED in the wake of the crisis over Iraq, a UN high level panel appointed by Secretary General Kofi Annan Thursday delivered a historic report that leaves 
Panel Says Iraq to Hold Elections Jan. 30 (AP) AP - Iraq's Electoral Commission on Sunday said that national elections will be held Jan. 30.
Win friends, influence voters on public #39;s dime The other day, while announcing the results of her audit of the city #39;s contract with PR giant Fleishman-Hillard, Los Angeles City Controller Laura Chick touched on a bigger issue than the firm #39;s alleged \$4.2 million in overbilling.
Manning promotion no sign of surrender his third of the week dominated by Eli-mania - someone at last asked Tom Coughlin about a matter largely lost in the hysteria: the standings.
Iran vows to freeze uranium enrichment Iran has promised to meet Monday #39;s deadline for suspending a uranium enrichment process that could be used for making nuclear weapons -- a freeze that could spare it UN Security Council sanctions.
Woods Ends Drought with Japan Breakthrough  MIYAZAKI, Japan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods collected his first  strokeplay title of a difficult year when he stormed to an  eight-shot victory at the Dunlop Phoenix tournament on Sunday.
Ukrainians Voting in Presidential Run-Off (AP) AP - Ukrainians on Sunday cast ballots in a presidential run-off pitting a Western-leaning reformer against the Kremlin-praised prime minister, a vote many fear will erupt into violence.
Palestinian Donors Show Some Optimism (AP) AP - For the first time in four years, the donor nations that sustain the Palestinian economy have reason for optimism. For now, however, that optimism won't mean more money for the Palestinians.
Bucks unleash their potential COLUMBUS - Sometimes the best way to deal with bad news is to run from it. Strap on your dancing cleats and fly a little. Maurice Clarett left Buckeye Nation backpedaling and scarlet-faced for more than a week, but Saturday came soon enough.
Dhaka fire destroys 1,800 shops A fire at a market in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka,  kills one and destroys about 1,800 shops.
Don't stand for racism - football chief Fifa boss Sepp Blatter says he would have backed England's players if they had walked off against Spain.
Comments from readers about Vioxx More than 35 Enquirer readers have called or e-mailed comments about the five drugs that were criticized Thursday by an expert with the US Food and Drug Administration.
Powell to Focus on Evaluation, Inspiration Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, on the first leg of a hastily-arranged tour of countries devastated by the tsunami, said Monday he would focus on assessing the progress of the relief effort and trying to inspire aid workers and survivors. Powell also said he did not anticipate announcing an increase in the \$350 million in reconstruction assistance pledged by the United States.
G20 opposes  quot;abrupt changes quot; in forex, oil; sees 2005 slowdown BERLIN, Nov 20 (AFP) - The finance chiefs of the Group of 20 countries oppose  quot;abrupt changes quot; in foreign exchange rates and oil prices and see a slight slowdown in economic growth next year, German Finance Minister Hans Eichel said Saturday.
Quake May Have Permanently Shifted Islands The tsunami triggered by a massive undersea earthquake Dec. 26 not only washed away thousands of people living on India's coastlines, it may have also permanently altered its geography.
Baghdad Governor Assassinated Gunmen killed the governor of the Baghdad province, Ali al-Haidari, and six of his bodyguards on Tuesday, officials said. Earlier Tuesday, several Iraqis were killed when a suicide bomber rammed a fuel truck into a checkpoint near the fortified Green Zone.
The Lowdown on High-End PDAs With BlackBerry pagers and Treo smartphones all the rage, why would anyone need -- or even want -- a pedestrian personal digital assistant?
Stern response needed from Stern FROM RAPPERS and rockers glorifying violence, to babies taking guns to school, to parents punching coaches and refs, to the unapologetic belligerence of the presidency, we are becoming a meaner and angrier nation.
UK to Seek Debt Relief for Tsunami Nations  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain, with United States backing,  called on Tuesday for a freeze on foreign debts owed by the  countries hit by the Asian tsunami disaster.
O #39;Neill hits out at Novo Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill lost no time in re-igniting the flames of an explosive Old Firm derby by condemning the actions of Rangers striker Nacho Novo during his side #39;s 2-0 defeat.
Dungy entitled to be offended by MNF intro Before putting Towelgate to rest, it #39;s important to revisit some of the specifics of what Colts coach Tony Dungy said about the Terrell Owens-Nicollette Sheridan skit at the beginning of Monday Night Football.
Winky sees off Mosley again Ronald  #39;Winky #39; Wright edged  #39;Sugar #39; Shane Mosley for the second time in eight months in Las Vegas - but only just as he won a majority decision by the closest of margins to retain his WBA and WBC light-middleweight titles.
Game at Clemson marred by brawls Clemson #39;s college football game with rival South Carolina was interrupted in the second half when a fight involving several players erupted, spreading nearly the entire length of the field at Clemson #39;s Memorial Stadium and coming close to spilling into 
Howard unveils election platform The Tories will stand up for the "forgotten majority", says Michael Howard as he unveils the Tory election manifesto.
US State Department: Iranian Intelligence is Strong While US President George W. Bush repeated his concerns over the nuclear programs of North Korea and Iran, the US Department of State backed Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s remarks that  quot;Iran has been developing rocket systems capable of carrying 
Cricket: Australia tighten grip Skipper Ricky Ponting makes a double century as Australia continue to dominate the third Test against Pakistan.
Manmohan arrives on two-day visit to Assam Guwahati, Nov. 21 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, arrived here today from Manipur on a two-day visit to Assam amidst tight security.
Directors rebuff Oracle #39;s \$24 bid PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board of directors said Saturday it will not accept Oracle Corp. #39;s bid to buy the company for \$24 per share, even after 61 percent of the Pleasanton firm #39;s investors endorsed the offer.
Huge US deficit emphasizes fragile world view of the American &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; International Forecaster Allyn Hunt writes: Bush #39;s re-election in contrast signals a period of increased efforts by Brazil #39;s widely popular President of Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, Argentina #39;s Nestor Kirchner, Venezuela #39;s vigorously anti-Bush President 
Clash of retail giants could benefit small toy stores With only 34 shopping days until Christmas - and a 10-year-old son and a 7-year-old daughter to shop for - Lisa Smalley knows where she #39;ll be doing her toy shopping.
Nintendo #39;s new portable DS a big change from Game Boy Nintendo believes that when it comes to video games, your fingers want to touch as much as twitch and that two really is better than one.
Recording giants file copyright suit against city music collector Brett Bojrab likes music. He owns hundreds of compact discs that he listens to while driving. To avoid hauling CDs back and forth into his house, Bojrab copied much of his music collection onto 
Chase for the Cup To NASCAR fans, a pocket calculator is going to be as valuable today as an air gun for a tire changer. Depending on where they finish in the season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway, the 18 
Wright #39;s jab still too much for Mosley Firing his father led to a better performance for Shane Mosley against Winky Wright in their fight for the undisputed super welterweight championship Saturday at Mandalay Bay.
ENGLAND v SOUTH AFRICA RATINGS JASON ROBINSON: The England captain boycotted the media all week but did his talking on the pitch as South Africa were comfortably dispatched.
Palestinians want Powell to help release Barghouthi RAMALLAH: Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qorei called on Saturday for the United States to pressure Israel to release jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouthi and other imprisoned Palestinian leaders.
Detainee release lends dignity to Myanmar YANGON: The release of thousands of prisoners including top dissidents in military-run Myanmar lends dignity to the nation, the main opposition party said on Saturday as it praised those freed for their struggle for democracy.
Afghan sentenced for killing four journalists KABUL: An Afghan man was found guilty on Saturday of killing four journalists in 2001, including two from Reuters, and sentenced to death.
Minister Tries to End Royal Memo Row Education Secretary Charles Clarke today tried to end the row over the Prince of Waless controversial memo by praising his commitment to developing peoples ambition.
New anti-terror plans The Government is considering tough new anti-terrorism laws amid fears of an al-Qaida attack on Britain. Home Secretary David Blunkett will unveil the new proposals in an interview to be aired today on ITV1 #39;s Jonathan Dimbleby programme.
Sri Lanka steps up security COLOMBO: Sri Lanka stepped up security in the capital Colombo on Saturday as police launched an investigation into the slaying of a judge and his bodyguard, officials said.
Israel Kills 7 Palestinians in North Gaza -- Medics  BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli troops shot  dead seven Palestinians in a strawberry field in north Gaza on  Tuesday after mortar fire from Palestinian militants there  wounded two Jewish settlers.
Bush warns Iran and North Korea US President George W Bush is stepping up pressure on North Korea and Iran to abandon their nuclear weapons programmes. At the Apec summit of Pacific-rim countries in Chilean capital Santiago Mr Bush has been 
Russia to supply energy resources to India RBC, 19.11.2004, Moscow 17:06:44.Gazprom will cooperate with India-based Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) focusing on energy supplies to this country.
Racism: FIFA should hit Spain hard It seems that England simply cannot escape controversy. But on Wednesday night in Madrid it was their opponents, rather than themselves, that were dragged through the mire as racist chants directed at England 
Prime time, slime time I know you don #39;t care about people like me. Actually, you and the rest of the entertainment history don #39;t care about people, period.
Tsunami toll hits 15,485 dead or missing in India: official (AFP) AFP - The official toll in southern India from tsunamis has reached at least 9,571 people confirmed dead and 5,914 missing, many of them presumed dead, the government said.
Humane law in offing in Manipur: PM Imphal, November 21: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday expressed the hope that a  quot;humane quot; law that protects national security and human rights of the people of Manipur would be in place as early as possible once the controversial Armed Forces 
Barcelona coach urges caution despite victory over Madrid Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard urged caution following an emphatic 3-0 victory over Real Madrid, maintaining the Spanish league title race is still far from decided.
Lockheed Martin allegations focus on Boeing #39;s chief executive Nov. 18--Lockheed Martin has introduced evidence in a civil lawsuit that allegedly demonstrates Boeing Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher knew former Air Force acquisitions officer Darleen Druyun gave Boeing 
Insurers may drop thousands of homeowners as moratorium ends Come Dec. 1, many Floridians may find an unwelcome piece of mail interspersed between bills, holiday catalogs and greeting cards: a non-renewal or cancellation letter from their insurers.
Nintendo prepares weekend launch of new handheld Los Angeles  Reuters News Service, 19 November 2004 - A generation of children grew up playing Nintendo #39;s Game Boy handheld video game system, and now that they have grown up, Nintendo has a new toy for them.
Hostage freed, husband grieves POLISH hostage Teresa Borcz-Halifa emerged over the weekend saying her captors in Iraq had treated her well, but refusing to explain how she came to be free.
8 Dead, 79 Wounded in Chinese Mine Fire Reportedly a fire in an iron mine in Northern China has killed eight miners and 79 miners are still unable to be reached. According to the news from New Chinese News Agency, five miners managed to escape from 
SWAPO Declared Winner in Namibia Election Namibia #39;s ruling SWAPO party scored an overwhelming victory in official election results on Sunday, bolstering the former guerrilla movement as it grapples with sensitive issues such as land reform.
Five missing German tourists found FIVE German tourists who went missing in Algeria #39;s Sahara desert have been found safe and well in the southern Djanet region of the north African country, local police said today.
China Plane Crashes Into Frozen Lake, Killing 54 (Reuters) Reuters - A China Eastern commuter plane crashed\into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in Inner Mongolia on\Sunday, killing 53 people on board and one on the ground, the\airline and state media said.
Fox hunting ban is about 'class war': Labour MP (AFP) AFP - The ban on fox hunting is driven by the Labour Party's desire to stamp out "the old order" dominated by the country's landowning upper classes, a Labour MP wrote in The Sunday Telegraph.
Expos #39; move given conditional approval Baseball owners took another step toward moving the Montreal Expos to Washington next year, giving conditional approval Friday but hinging their decision on the September agreement that did not cap the cost of a new stadium.
Taser Execs Selling Heavily on the News  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Taser International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt; have jumped 20 percent since early last week as the  stun gun maker issued a slew of announcements painting a  positive picture of its business prospects.
Be Happy, Put Retirement Fears to Rest  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If retirement fears were  color-coded, they would be somewhere between orange and red  right now.
Ukrainians Choose New President in Landmark Vote  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainians voted for a new president on  Sunday, choosing between their Russian-backed prime minister  and a West-leaning liberal in a tight contest many fear could  degenerate into turmoil.
Fans  #39;disgusted #39; by Tigers #39; fate ATLANTA -- After watching Auburn University #39;s football team finish a perfect regular season yet remain on the outside of the national championship picture, Doyle King is experiencing a familiar and not-so-welcome feeling these days.
Israel, Palestinians Await Powell Visit  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel said before a visit by  Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday that it would  consider calls to pull its troops away from West Bank cities to  facilitate a Palestinian presidential election.
Death in Custody of Afghan Kidnap Suspect Probed  KABUL (Reuters) - A man suspected of involvement in the  abduction of three U.N. workers in Afghanistan died in custody  last week and authorities are investigating whether he was  tortured to death, the Interior Ministry said on Sunday.
Quadruple on the cards for wealthy Chelsea a 2-1 defeat to Benfica in the 2004 Portuguese Cup Final. That aside, his Porto team won everything they entered: two 
Iraq debts write-off 'approved' Key creditor nations reportedly approve a plan to slash Iraq's debts, as an election date is announced.
Focus Shifts to Dollar and Rates The post-election stock market rally has been rudely interrupted by the implications of a sliding US dollar, higher interest rates, the US current account deficit and Friday #39;s rebound in oil prices.
Baghdad Governor Assassinated; Bombing Kills 10 (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen killed the Baghdad governor in\Iraq's highest-profile assassination in eight months and a\suicide bomber killed 10 people near the Green Zone on Tuesday\in an escalating campaign to wreck a Jan. 30 election.
Taser insiders sold \$68 million of stock in a week Taser International Inc. #39;s chairman, two co-founders and five other insiders sold more than \$68 million of their stock between Nov. 5 and Nov. 11, regulatory filings show.
A trade-rule gamble Did you know the United States has no right to ban cross-border gambling on the Internet? That #39;s what the World Trade Organization decreed after the two-island nation of Antiqua and Barbuda complained about 
Tennis: Marathon tie-breaker triumph puts Federer into Masters Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOUSTON, United States : World number one Roger Federer outlasted Marat Safin in a tie-breaker that matched the longest in tennis history to book a date against Lleyton Hewitt in the ATP Masters Cup final.
World #39;s oldest man dies at age 113 Fred Hale Sr., believed to have been the oldest man on Earth, has died less than a month before his 114th birthday at a DeWitt, NY, nursing home.
England could have walked - Fifa Fifa boss Sepp Blatter has admitted he would have supported England #39;s players if they had walked off in the face of racial abuse against Spain this week.
Dramatic appearance in Poland of kidnap victim Teresa Borcz Khalifa, a Polish woman kidnapped last month in Iraq, dramatically appeared at a press conference in Warsaw yesterday, but gave few details of her captivity or how she had been freed.
PM departs for four-day S. Asian tour ISLAMABAD : Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz left on Sunday for a four-day official visit to three South Asian member countries for talks on regional and bilateral matters.
Palestinians want the Americans to ensure smooth elections JERUSALEM Palestinian leaders have outlined plans to persuade visiting American envoys to help ensure smooth elections to replace Yasser Arafat.
US experts to examine filtering Web songs: Court Sydney, December 4: US technical experts will fly to Australia to examine whether song files swapped by users of Kazaa, the world #39;s most popular Internet file-swapping system, can be filtered, a judge hearing a copyright case has ruled.
Focus Shifts to Dollar and Rates (Reuters) Reuters - The post-election stock market rally\has been rudely interrupted by the implications of a sliding\U.S. dollar, higher interest rates, the U.S. current account\deficit and Friday's rebound in oil prices.
Taser Execs Selling Heavily on the News (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Taser International Inc.\ have jumped 20 percent since early last week as the\stun gun maker issued a slew of announcements painting a\positive picture of its business prospects.
Be Happy, Put Retirement Fears to Rest (Reuters) Reuters - If retirement fears were\color-coded, they would be somewhere between orange and red\right now.
When Executives Speak, Hotels Listen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When corporate guests ask for  something, smart hotel managers get it.
BAE turns its sights on US BAE Systems has launched a search for a senior American businessman to become a non-executive director. The high-profile appointment is designed to strengthen the board at a time when the defence giant is 
WTO negotiators finish week of farm talks Negotiators at the World Trade Organization completed weeklong farm talks Friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
Hewitt bids to derail Federer express THE odds are stacked heavily against Lleyton Hewitt but the Australian has incentives aplenty when he faces world No. 1 Roger Federer in the Masters Cup final in Houston today.
Down and out A GIANT roared, a nation was crushed and debate over the ethics of an ancient game flared at the Gabba yesterday. After a sluggish start to the first Test Australia flexed their 
Afghans Investigate Death of Suspect (AP) AP - Authorities are investigating whether a suspect in the kidnapping of three U.N. workers was tortured before he died in police custody, an official said Sunday.
Humans May Double the Risk of Heat Waves Human activity has at least doubled the risk of heat waves like the one in 2003 that killed thousands in Europe, researchers conclude in a study being published today in the scientific journal Nature.
PM in Assam for a two-day visit GUWAHATI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived in on Sunday from Manipur on a two-day visit to Assam amidst tight security. The Prime Minister drove straight to the Raj Bhavan, where he is scheduled to meet 
Jail term for Bahraini activist A Bahrain court sentences a human rights activist to one year in jail for inciting hatred against the state.
MacCentral week in review Apple opens its first European Apple Store on Saturday, on Regent Street in London #39;s West End. In a special press tour of the store earlier this week, Apple #39;s vice president of retail Ron 
Barcelona 3-0 Real Madrid Cameroon #39;s Samuel Eto #39;o Fils helped Barcelona trounce Real Madrid 3-0 to move seven points clear of their great rivals in Spain #39;s La Liga.
Tailbacks take back seat in Iron Bowl TUSCALOOSA, ALABAMA - The Iron Bowl didn #39;t come close to providing the anticipated showcase of top tailbacks. Instead, the quarterbacks and two of the nation #39;s best defenses dominated No.
Bears #39; trail drawing closer to Pasadena BERKELEY, Calif. -- Push led to shove all afternoon, but when it was over, the California students owned the field. They flowed out of the Memorial Stadium bleachers Saturday in a riotous celebration of the 
Russia blocking Paris Club debt relief for Iraq: G20 source BERLIN (AFP) - Russia is blocking a Paris Club agreement to wipe out 80 percent of Iraqi debt, a source said on the sidelines of a Group of 20 meeting of finance chiefs.
Afghan gets death penalty for killing four A Kabul, Afghanistan, court has sentenced 29-year-old Reza Khan to death for killing four journalists in 2001. Khan was convicted of killing Australian television cameraman 
How to avoid viruses, remotely access home PC Scripps Howard News &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; We have more and more letters to answer. Let #39;s get right to the mailbag. Q: In a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at Internet Explorer, so I decided to do away with IE.
Australia vs New Zealand Australia #39;s Jason Gillespie celebrates after reaching his first Test half-century against New Zealand during day four of the first Test in Brisbane, on Sunday.
SA #39;s Hall seeks to pin down win South Africa all-rounder Andrew Hall warned India they should be under no illusions that the tourists are fully focused on a positive result in Kanpur.
Russia holds out on Iraq debt plan Russia has not agreed to a German-US proposal that would forgive up to 80 percent of Iraq #39;s foreign debt, according to German Finance Minister Hans Eichel.
Prince Charles Hits Back at  #39;Out of Touch #39; Jibe Prince Charles will hit back on Monday at government accusations that he is old-fashioned and out of touch in his views on ordinary people #39;s aspirations.
Britain considering tough new anti-terror laws London: Britain is considering sweeping new anti-terrorism laws including special courts to try terror suspects without a jury, Home Secretary David Blunkett said in an interview Sunday.
GM, Ford Sales Sagged in November The Chrysler Group of DaimlerChrysler AG was the only domestic car company that gained ground during November, marking its eighth straight month of US vehicle sales increases.
VIOXX HEARINGS: GET A TASTE OF YOUR OWN MEDICINE When pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. abruptly pulled its arthritis pain medication Vioxx from the marketplace on Sept. 30, more than 2 million patients were taking the drug.
Costello to steer Group of 20 TREASURER Peter Costello will chair the 2006 meeting of the Group of 20, which brings together the finance ministers and central bankers from the leading industrial and developing nations.
Report: Officials search Yukos managers #39; homes Russian authorities have searched the homes of dozens of managers working for the embattled Yukos oil company in what one board member described as a massive campaign reminiscent of the Stalinist purges, a news agency reported Sunday.
Busch the Man to Beat for Nextel Cup (AP) AP - Kurt Busch has been doing everything right in his bid for his first Nextel Cup championship. He now has one big hurdle to clear entering Sunday's Ford 400. He needs to protect a vulnerable 18-point lead over Jimmie Johnson, with Jeff Gordon, Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Mark Martin also within reach.
Report: Officials search Yukos managers' homes (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Russian authorities have searched the homes of dozens of managers working for the embattled Yukos oil company in what one board member described as a massive campaign reminiscent of the Stalinist purges, a news agency reported Sunday.
Hole-hearted attempt THE fastest-swivelling space science observatory rocketed into orbit yesterday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions, which astronomers believe represent the birth screams of black holes.
Reeling Kiwis try to get back on the wagon IF, as New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming suggested in the wake of yesterday #39;s embarrassing capitulation, his team began the day with a  quot;mental hangover quot; then he faces a devil #39;s own job getting them back on the wagon in time for the next Test, starting 
Hodgson homes in on number 10 Charlie Hodgson hopes to give England coach Andy Robinson a selection headache when World Cup hero Jonny Wilkinson returns to fitness.
Cal #39;s Arrington passes the torch to Lynch, and future looks bright BERKELEY - Someone asked Marshawn Lynch, Cal #39;s precocious true freshman, how far he could throw a football. His tone is matter-of-fact, a  quot;how #39;s the weather quot; voice.
Profits Fading in Digital Camera Industry (Reuters) Reuters - Bloated with inventory and mired in the\red, the digital camera business of Japan's Olympus Corp.\underscores how making money in the cut-throat market is\getting tougher.
Small Plane Crashes in China, Killing 54 Rescuers search for the bodies of air crash victims at the site of an air crash in Baotou, north China #39;s Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, on Sunday November 21, 2004.
Top brass warns of Iraqi civil war LISBON: US army chief General Richard Myers said in an interview that civil war could erupt in Iraq after forthcoming elections. However, General Myers, the chairman of the US joint chiefs of staff, told the 
Arafat #39;s nephew arrives in Paris for Arafat #39;s medical records Nasser al-Qidwa, nephew of the deceased Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, arrived Sunday in Parisfrom Cairo to pick up Arafat #39;s medical records, French TF1 television reported.
Prince Charles defends his views on education Prince Charles, who was lambasted by the media and a government lawmaker for a memo in which he derided people who aspire to lofty goals beyond their natural talent, said on Sunday that he had been misinterpreted.
Costa Rica: Earthquake kills eight A strong earthquake rocked Costa Rica during the weekend, killing eight people and shaking the Central American nation during the Ibero-American summit.
Iraqis push ahead with elections Iraq has set a date of 30 January 2005 for its first nationwide election since the toppling of Saddam Hussein. The announcement came from the independent Iraqi electoral commission in Baghdad.
No Confidence Vote Passes Against UN Top Leadership Already embattled with his ties to the Iraqi Oil for Food scandal, and what some term as the 'Food for Sex' scandal, Kofi Annan has dodged the latest bullet. Well, dodged only in the sense that specific allegations against him was removed at the last minute before passing.    The UN staff union passed a resolution sharply critical of the world body's senior management but expressed support for beleaguered Secretary General Kofi Annan.    An earlier draft of the resolution had strongly worded language about no confidence in senior staff of the United Nations, which has been buffeted by scandals over the past few months. 
Friday night brawl a disgrace Indeed, after Friday night #39;s mayhem in Motown, Detroit Pistons fans can now clearly lay claim to be the biggest idiots in the sporting world, no easy achievment these days, and while many of them were apparently too dumb to realize they were being caught 
Microsoft Targets Older People for Web Via TV  SEATTLE (Reuters) - For people trying to get their aging  parents on the Web so they can read e-mail and get digital  photos of the family, Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; has a message:  Don't give up.
Profits Fading in Digital Camera Industry  TOKYO (Reuters) - Bloated with inventory and mired in the  red, the digital camera business of Japan's Olympus Corp.  underscores how making money in the cut-throat market is  getting tougher.
U.S. Heartland Is Bursting with Corn, Soy  ROCHELLE, Ill. (Reuters) - Golden mountains are rising out  of the fertile farmlands of the U.S. Midwest, a changing  landscape formed by huge piles of corn from the most bountiful  harvest in U.S. history.
NBA players suspended for big brawl National Basketball Association Commissioner David Stern issued indefinite suspensions Saturday to four of the main protagonists in Friday night #39;s brawl among the Indiana Pacers, the Detroit 
WHAT THE PAPERS SAY NEWS OF THE WORLD: Ashley Cole last night called on the Spanish FA to axe their shamed coach Luis Aragones and branded him evil #39; #39;.
Violence erupts in Baghdad Baghdad was again rocked by violence on Saturday as rebels launched an assault on a police station and four civil servants were assassinated, while US and Iraqi troops took the battle against insurgents from Fallujah to Mosul.
Achievements on Humanitarian Access in Darfur  #39;fast falling apart #39; Renewed insecurity stops Oxfam delivering vital aid to 200,000 people in Darfur - Security in Darfur has deteriorated over the past two weeks leaving nearly 200,000 people in Darfur cut off from vital aid supplies.
Korea Puzzled by US Currency Game Over the weekend, the US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan hinted at the maintenance of weak dollar policy (in Germany) while President Bush said he is committed to a strong dollar (in Chile).
Fears of split in Reliance group premature: Business India: Mumbai, Nov 21 : As millions of Indians are held in thrall by reports of a family feud in Reliance Industries, the country #39;s largest company, experts say it would be premature to talk about a split as yet.
MG Rover on brink of China deal MG Rover is on the brink of a 1bn deal with a Chinese company that will help secure the future of its giant Longbridge plant. Under the joint venture with the Shanghai Automotive Corporation, a new company 
Israel urged to clear way for Palestinian vote Palestinians called crucial to the success of a ballot to choose a successor to the late Yasser Arafat. Middle East envoy William Burns told reporters on Sunday in the West Bank city of Ramallah.
We will meet India half way, vibes not encouraging: Musharraf Lahore, Nov 21 (UNI) Dismayed by India #39;s outright rejection of his recent dramatic proposals, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has said vibes coming from the neighbouring country are not encouraging but expressed Islamabad #39;s readiness to leave its 
Sears-Kmart Deal Highlights Future Retail Trend The planned acquisition of Sears, Roebuck and Co. by Kmart Holding Corp. highlights a changing retail environment that could soon eliminate the department store as we know it, analysts and consultants said on Friday.
US Pledges to Cut Deficit as G-20 Sees Growth Risks (Update1) Treasury Secretary John Snow pledged to reduce the US budget deficit, blamed by Europeans for the euro #39;s gains against the dollar and cited as a risk to global growth by ministers from 20 industrial and emerging economies.
Bears Will Try to Disrupt Colts' Offense (AP) AP - As the new man in the middle of the Chicago Bears' defense, Hunter Hillenmeyer will be calling the signals, trying to disrupt the NFL's most potent offense while matching football wits with Peyton Manning.
Malice at the Palace - the last thing the NBA needed for their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Take your pick of culprits in the stunning melee Friday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills, in a heated game between Central Division rivals: the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons and Indiana Pacers.
Centurion Hall puts South Africa in driver #39;s seat: Sports India, Cricket: Kanpur, Nov 21 : Stopgap opener Andrew Hall scored his maiden Test century and debutant Zander de Bruyn made 83 Sunday to give South Africa a vice-like grip on the second day of the first Test against India at the Green Park 
Study: Humans Were Born to Run More than by brain size or tool-making ability, the human species was set apart from its ancestors by the ability to jog mile after lung-stabbing mile with greater endurance than any other primate, according to research published today in the journal 
It #39;s been emotional says proud coach GRAHAM HENRY admitted he was mentally shattered after coming through an emotional return to Cardiff with his pride intact - but only just.
World Briefs Column A family tug-of-war over whether to reveal Yasser Arafat #39;s cause of death bubbled over in public yesterday, with a brother of the late leader insisting the Palestinian people are entitled to know.
British Labor government to step up anti-terror laws if wins next British Home Secretary David Blunkett on Sunday unveiled proposals for more far-reaching laws to tackle terrorism if the Labor government wins the next election widely expected in May next year.
Iraq Delays Elections to Jan. 30 Iraqi officials say Jan. 30 has been set as the new date for the war-torn country #39;s first national elections since a US-led military coalition toppled Saddam Hussein #39;s regime.
Three More Bodies Found in Iraq #39;s Restive Mosul The bodies of three men killed by insurgents were found on a street in the Iraqi city of Mosul on Sunday, a day after US troops in the city discovered the bodies of nine Iraqi soldiers who had been shot in the head.
Ambanis seek to resolve ownership issue A family meeting of Ambanis to resolve differences over the ownership issue in India #39;s largest corporate house - Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) is likely to take place tomorrow in Mumbai.
SEC revises standards for securities brokers The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is giving securities brokers up to November 2005 to shift to the use of risk-based capital adequacy standards from the current net capital standards.
Power restored to portions of Bay Area Power is returning to many residents in the Bay Area this morning with all outages expected to end by 1 pm today, a Pacific Gas and Electric Co.
Artest To Get 30-Day Suspension For Brawl, Station Reports The National Basketball Association suspended four players involved in Friday night #39;s fight at The Palace of Auburn Hills. The NBA is expected to formally announce the suspensions as early as today for their 
Alabama Notebook TUSCALOOSA - Alabama head coach Mike Shula received a heavy dose of criticism earlier this season for choosing to punt on fourth-and-short in a loss to Arkansas.
US birdie assault seizes UBS Cup lead The United States team wasn #39;t able to stop the juggernaut that is the partnership of Colin Montgomerie and Bernhard Langer, but little else slowed it down in a record-setting 
Dollar Forecast Most Bearish in 18 Months, Trader Survey Says Currency traders, investors and strategists are more bearish on the dollar than at any time in the past 18 months, a Bloomberg News survey indicates.
Iraq Sets Election Date But Unrest Threatens Poll Iraq chose Jan. 30 for its first democratic election in decades on Sunday, but violence in Sunni Muslim areas underlined the challenge of holding polls on time.
U.S. Urges Israel to Smooth Way for Palestinian Vote  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A U.S. envoy said before a  visit by Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday that Israel  should take steps to smooth the way for a Palestinian  presidential election scheduled for January.
Blair Puts Security at Heart of Pre-Election Plans  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will spell out this  week his legislative plans for the next session of parliament  -- tantamount to an election manifesto, with the prime minister  expected to go to the polls in May next year.
Blunkett moots 'proof-lite' Internet and banking banning orders Curfews for those thought to be thinking about terror
Snow: U.S. Deficits to Fall  BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said  on Sunday he assured members of the Group of 20 nations that  Washington will slash deficits they blame for a falling dollar  and repeated his call for stronger European growth.
Senate Confirms Treasury's Bitsberger (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Senate on Sunday confirmed\Timothy Bitsberger as assistant secretary for financial\markets, the key debt market post in the Treasury Department.
San Francisco hotel lockout ends; talks to continue SAN FRANCISCO - Employers agreed to end their lockout of workers at 14 San Francisco hotels and resume negotiations with UNITE HERE!
SEC inks deal for online posting of financial statements THE SECURITIES Exchange Commission (SEC) has signed a 128-million-peso contract with several information technology firms to help develop the agency #39;s online reporting system for Philippine companies.
Yuan peg to ease  #39;in stability #39; CHINESE President Hu Jintao told his US counterpart George W. Bush that Beijing planned to loosen the yuan #39;s decade-old peg to the dollar, but only under stable economic conditions, an official said.
Mine fire kills 33 in north China province Thirty-three are dead and 61 missing after a mine fire in north China #39;s Hebei Province, Sunday. The fire began at 10:30 am Saturday in the Baita Township of Shahe, trapping 106 miners underground.
Peoplesoft rejects new Oracle bid Peoplesoft rejects a takeover bid from rival Oracle for the sixth time in the last 18 months calling the offer "inadequate".
Peoplesoft rejects new Oracle bid Software company Peoplesoft has formally rejected a takeover bid from rival Oracle for a sixth time. The rejection came after about 61 of shareholders in the California-based business software firm backed Oracle #39;s \$9.2bn (4.9bn) approach.
Kmart #39;s man of mystery Eddie Lampert, engineer of the Kmart-Sears merger, is as secretive as he is successful. Even Aylwin Lewis, the executive hired by Lampert last month to run Kmart, had no idea that his new 
NZ  #39;friends #39; to push for free trade with US New Zealand #39;s  quot;friends quot; in Washington will soon make another push to have the administration consider a free trade agreement (FTA) between the United States and NZ, Prime Minister Helen Clark said yesterday.
Roubles on the trade agenda New Zealand and Russia are on the verge of forming a stronger trading relationship, but moves are likely to stop short of a full free trade deal until Russia becomes a member of the World Trade Organisation.
Nintendo DS goes on sale in America Nintendo starts its campaign to stop Sony taking over the handheld gaming market with the launch of its new handheld console the Nintendo DS today in the US.
Google introduces new research tool (AP) - Online search engine leader Google is setting out make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web. The company #39;s new service, unveiled late Wednesday at scholar 
Casey shines in England golf win Paul Casey, with another inspired putting display, and Luke Donald have earned England a one-shot victory over home favourites Spain in the WGC-World Cup of Golf.
Boxing: Ronald Wright retains titles Ronald Wright used an effective right jab to retain his World Boxing Association and World Boxing Council junior middleweight titles when posting a majority decision over former champion Shane Mosley in Las Vegas yesterday.
NZ withstands Welsh passion The All Blacks coach was also correct when he said Wales were a team worthy of respect. Whether he showed enough with his team selection is debatable but what is beyond dispute is that 
55 killed in China plane crash: World News: Hohhot (China), Nov 21 : A total of 55 people, including two men on the ground, were killed when a commuter plane crashed into a frozen lake in China soon after take-off in Inner Mongolia Sunday, Xinhua reports.
India pulls 3000 troops from Kashmir India had pulled about 3000 troops out of Kashmir in a planned withdrawal, officials said yesterday, as the peace process between New Delhi and Islamabad came under strain.
Swapo party wins Namibia elections Namibian President Sam Nujoma #39;s chosen successor, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has won a landslide victory with 75 of the vote in the country #39;s third elections since independence, according to official results.
BLUSHES IN BLUE FLOWING football it was not. Neither did the expected goal glut at Stamford Bridge materialise. Instead, Chelsea came crashing down to earth on home ground, of all places, as Bolton caused one of the biggest surprises of the season so far.
Five killed in Brazil land clash Five rural workers are shot dead in the most violent incident in Brazil's land row since the president took power.
Sinn Fein leader 'regrets' bombs Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams says he "regrets" the Birmingham pub bombings on the 30th anniversary of the attacks.
Moscow sets date to auction Yukos unit The Russian government plans to sell a majority stake in the main production unit of oil giant OAO Yukos at an auction on December 19.
Big 6 banks poised for profit slowdown, but still expect double &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Canada #39;s big banks, reporting year-end results over the next two weeks, will show a definite deceleration in growth, but analysts say they are still poised to ring up double-digit profit increases.
Google #39;s Caution Google #39;s (Nasdaq: GOOG) shares slid 3 Thursday as investors worried that the search-engine outfit may not be invincible after all.
 #39;Electronic eye #39; helps blind cross the road An electronic  quot;artificial eye quot;, developed for people with impaired vision, has been shown to reliably identify pedestrian crossings, determine when it is safe to walk across and even measure the width of a road.
Beer-swilling idiots should bear most of the blame There #39;s a common misconception in the world of sports often voiced by beer-toting fans as if it were defensible in a court of law.
Boy becomes a Manning ANOTHER LOSS meant another sleepless night for New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin. It was 3 am Monday morning, less than 12 hours after his team had lost to the Arizona Cardinals 
Britain to Tighten Anti-Terror Laws LONDON, November 21 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Britain will adopt a set of tightened anti-terror laws in case Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party wins the general elections, due next year, the home secretary said on Sunday, November 21.
India PM courts north-east rebels India #39;s prime minister has urged militant separatists in the north-east to join negotiations with the federal government and end decades of strife.
Bofra exploit hits our ad serving supplier &lt;strong&gt;Important notice&lt;/strong&gt; Some &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; readers may be infected
Stelco #39;s bankruptcy restructuring looks more like an auction 10 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The steel market has been hotter than a blast furnace lately. So, too, are critics of Stelco Inc., who question whether the company should have been declared insolvent ahead of such strong market conditions.
McNair In, Brown Out at QB for Titans (AP) AP - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair returned to the starting lineup Sunday, but running back Chris Brown was inactive against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Bahrain Activist Pardoned by King Bahrain #39;s king pardoned a human rights activist who convicted of inciting hatred of the government and sentenced to one year in prison Sunday in a case linked to criticism of the prime minister.
Report Says Congress Must Fix Amtrak (AP) AP - Though Congress approved a  #36;1.2 billion subsidy for Amtrak, the money-losing passenger railroad still is careening toward a major disruption in service.
China Builds Trade Ties With South America BUENOS AIRES -- Chinese President Hu Jintao ended a two-day visit to Argentina with the prize he had sought -- the coveted status of  quot;market economy quot; -- and pledges of investment and trade, in a regional tour that highlights China #39;s new outward-looking 
Debt relief for Iraq Paris - The Paris Club of creditor nations, with the exception of Russia, has reached an agreement in principle to slash debts Iraq owes to the group by up to 80, a well-placed official said on Sunday.
ANALYSIS: Dollar Fall Will Come at a Price for All  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is set to turn a  blind eye to the sliding dollar and a deaf ear to protests  about its fall, but experts smell trouble for all in what looks  like an effective devaluation of the world's reserve currency.
Three ministers face the boot amid fears of a Zanu PF rift As the Zanu PF story takes new twists and political intrigue continues, three Cabinet ministers and a provincial governor face the sack for their role in the much-publicised Tsholotsho Declaration.
Amtrak in Another Hole with \$1.3 Bln Loss  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Amtrak is in another financial hole  after posting a \$1.3 billion operating loss last fiscal year  and again receiving far less than it requested in federal  subsidies, an influential transportation watchdog said on  Sunday.
The fizz could go out of Sears merger euphoria New York -- Few things stir the heart of stock investors like a huge merger deal. And last week #39;s shotgun wedding between Kmart and Sears, two limping retailers, was no exception.
G-20 skirts sliding dollar Finance ministers from the Group of 20 rich or emerging countries have wrapped up a two-day summit in Berlin without making explicit reference to the sagging value of the US dollar against the euro.
Investors may see more put on trial GREENVILLE, SC - After nearly two years and two trials, Attorney General Henry McMaster said the investigation is continuing into the collapse of Carolina Investors Inc.
Community Tries to Revive Cuba's Chinatown (AP) AP - At first glance, Havana's Chinatown seems a misnomer. Restaurants serve pizza, and actual Chinese are vastly outnumbered by tourists and Hispanics.
Space-flight pioneer predicts 3,000  quot;astronauts quot; in 5 years Burt Rutan, a maverick aviator with Elvis-like sideburns, spread his futuristic vision last week of space travel no longer dominated by the government but by daring engineers such as himself.
Virus protection for cell phones on the way Anti-virus protection will ship later this month with some new phones in Japan, a harbinger of cellular threats to come. Security products are already available for handheld 
Consumers could be the losers in battle for next-generation DVD standard (AFP) AFP - As videocassettes fade into history, a full-fledged battle is on to establish the next standard of DVDs which could open up a new realm of possibilities in interactive home entertainment.
TOP UK MINISTER GOES... NUTS OVER HER BORN blind, Mr David Blunkett had to work harder than most to become Home Secretary, which makes him one of the most powerful men in Britain.
NBA smackdown The NBA suspended four players indefinitely yesterday for their involvement in one of the worst fights in professional sports history Friday, in which players stormed into the stands and exchanged blows with fans.
Wales finish by making right sort of splash WELSHMEN Phillip Price and Bradley Dredge had to birdie the final three holes to remain in contention at the World Cup in Spain. The Wales duo had slipped way off the hot foursomes pace being set by England #39;s 
Nou or never for samba stars STRIKERS Ronaldinho and Ronaldo face each other for the first time in tonight #39;s eagerly anticipated league clash of Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid.
McNair to start; Titans without Brown against Jags Jacksonville, FL (Sports Network) - The Tennessee Titans will have Steve McNair back at quarterback for Sunday #39;s game against Jacksonville, but running back Chris Brown was inactive because of a turf toe injury.
Iran to go ahead with nuke act suspension Iran said yesterday it was still committed to suspending its sensitive uranium enrichment activities as of today and that alarm over its nuclear activities was merely  quot;propaganda quot;.
Thirty-three dead, 61 missing after fire in five Chinese mines BEIJING : Thirty-three miners were confirmed dead and 61 others were missing after a fire at five iron ore mines in northern China.
Israel Hit by Worst Locust Plague Since 1950s (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of locusts swarmed through\Israel's Red Sea resort town of Eilat on Sunday, devouring\crops and flowers in the country's south.
Bush Has a Plan to Create Jobs (AP) AP - Hiring is picking up and President Bush is on track to preside over job growth in his second term, shedding the Herbert Hoover label of being the first president since the Great Depression to lose jobs under his watch.
Rehnquist's Status Still a Mystery (AP) AP - Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist's health is shrouded in mystery, the extent of his thyroid cancer a closely guarded secret. Several coming events could give the public an idea about the seriousness of his condition.
Lawmaker: White House Key to U.S. Intelligence Reform (Reuters) Reuters - The Republican chairman of the\Senate Intelligence Committee on Sunday blamed the White House\and Pentagon for resisting intelligence reform and gave the\U.S. Congress a failing grade for not passing legislation.
U.S. Urges Israel to Smooth Way for Palestinian Vote  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A U.S. envoy said before a  visit by Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday that Israel  should take steps to smooth the way for a Palestinian  presidential election set for Jan. 9.
Ukrainians Vote for New President in Landmark Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainians voted for a new president on  Sunday, choosing between their Russian-backed prime minister  and a West-leaning liberal in a tight contest many fear could  degenerate into turmoil.
Bush Pledges Immigration Reform at Asia-Pacific Summit  SANTIAGO (Reuters) - President Bush reached out to Latin  America on Sunday with a pledge to pursue immigration reform  but a security scuffle that he inserted himself into created a  lasting image for this year's summit of Asia-Pacific leaders.
Iran Bars National Geographic Over Map Dispute  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran banned National Geographic  reporters and sales of the magazine until it corrects an atlas  it published using a disputed name for waters off the Islamic  Republic's south coast.
New clashes erupt in west Nepal At least 10 Nepalese troops are killed in  clashes with rebels who lost 16 of their men, the army says.
Plane Crash in China Kills All 53 People Aboard A passenger plane crashed in an ice-covered lake in northern China seconds after takeoff Sunday, killing all 53 people aboard and one person on the ground after an apparent midair explosion, the government said.
Bush to Renew Intelligence Reform Pressure on Congress &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By David Morgan&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush will renewpressure on Congress to reach agreement on intelligence reformsthis year, after a weekend deal collapsed in the face ofRepublican opposition, the White House said on Sunday.&lt;/p&gt;
Some 20,000 protest in Cologne against violence in the name of Islam (AFP) AFP - Some 20,000 people took to the streets in the western German city of Cologne, waving German and Turkish flags, to protest against the use of violence in the name of Islam.
Paris Club Agrees on Iraq Debt Reduction (AP) AP - A French Finance ministry spokesman said the Paris Club of creditor nations had reached deal Sunday to write off 80 percent of the debts Iraq owes them.
Congress Passes Satellite Transmission Measure  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Satellite companies would be able to  retransmit broadcasters' television signals for another five  years but would have to offer those signals on a single dish,  under legislation approved by Congress on Saturday.
PeopleSoft's Board Rejects Oracle Bid PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors said it rejected Oracle Corp.'s \$9.2 billion takeover bid Saturday, continuing its staunch resistance a day after the company's own shareholders tendered more than 60 percent of stock to Oracle.
US, Europe play blame game over sliding dollar Europe and the United States kept up a war of words over the sliding US dollar at a G20 meeting of rich and developing nations, blaming each other for the currency #39;s fall and avoiding new steps or rhetoric to halt it.
England wins World Cup with final-round 64 Seville, Spain (Sports Network) - Paul Casey and Luke Donald of England fired an eight-under 64 in the alternate-shot format Sunday to win the World Golf Championships - World Cup.
New clashes erupt in west Nepal Fresh clashes in western Nepal have left at least 10 government soldiers and 16 rebels dead, the army says. There is no word so far from the rebels on the fighting that started late Saturday in Pandaun, Kailali district.
EU needs rebalance of power to be fully democratic body Europe #39;s integration project is historically unprecedented. For the past millennium, Europe has lived in an uneasy equilibrium, giving birth to every great empire that dominated and pacified the world in the last 500 years.
BCS Bound; Utah Remains Undefeated  SALT LAKE CITY, Utah (Sports Network) - Steve Savoy scored  three times and Alex Smith accounted for two more touchdowns as  No. 5 Utah did its best toward becoming the first non-BCS  program to claim a spot in a BCS bowl game by pounding Mountain  West rival Brigham Young, 52-21, at Rice-Eccles Stadium.
Casey Shines as England Wins World Cup in Seville  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Paul Casey, with another  inspired putting display, and Luke Donald earned England a  one-shot victory over home favorites Spain in the WGC-World Cup  of Golf on Sunday.
Shaky Gunners blow it ARSENAL manager Arsene Wenger launched a scathing attack on his team after the English champions threw away the chance to leapfrog Chelsea at the top of the table with a haphazard display against West Bromwich Albion yesterday.
United May Offer Malcolm Glazer Seat on Board, Observer Says Manchester United Plc may offer US billionaire Malcolm Glazer a seat on its board if he agrees to drop a takeover bid for a year, the Observer said, citing an unidentified person in the soccer industry.
Stage set for Ambani family meeting Mumbai/New Delhi: Four days after Reliance Group Chairman Mukesh Ambani went public about differences with his younger brother Anil over the company ownership issue, a meeting of the family is likely here on Monday to sort out the problem.
NBA Melee Another Black Eye for Detroit (AP) AP - The sight of Detroit fans scuffling with NBA stars at the end of a game and showering players with beer, ice and popcorn gives the city another black eye as it struggles to overcome a well-worn reputation for violence and unrest.
Michigan Headed to Rose Bowl Despite Loss (AP) AP - With former high school teammates Troy Smith and Ted Ginn Jr. leading the way, Ohio State pushed its troubles into the background for at least a day with a stunning 37-21 upset of No. 7 Michigan on Saturday. But the Wolverines are still headed to the Rose Bowl, thanks to Iowa's 30-7 win over Wisconsin.
Time to defund NASA? The most important news story of this fall, ultimately more important than the re-election of the president, was the awarding of the X Prize to Burt Rutan for his SpaceShipOne flights.
Casey and Donald seal World Cup win Casey sank the winning putt to beat Spain #39;s Sergio Garcia and Miguel Angel Jimenez by one stroke as England finished with a 31-under-par total of 257.
Hall and de Bruyn grind down India KANPUR, India -- Opener Andrew Hall and debutant Zander de Bruyn defied India #39;s spin attack on Sunday to put South Africa in command of the first Test match in Kanpur.
Cricket-Queensland fight back in Sheffield Shield cricket  Cricket-Ponting hails mighty Aussie turnaround for huge win over Kiwis 11-21-2004, 08:14 BRISBANE, Australia (AFP) - Ricky Ponting hailed two outstanding days of pressure cricket for delivering one of Australia #39;s biggest Test victories over New 
England produce new star England have a huge problem: what on Earth are they going to do with Jonny Wilkinson? Their injured World Cup golden boy is expected to return for the Six Nations #39; Championship 
Powell Arrives for Middle East Talks Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived on Sunday for his first visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories in 18 months, signaling a new push for Middle East peace following the death of Yasser Arafat.
US forces find two more bodies near Mosul; militant group claims &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD, Iraq US soldiers have found two more bodies in the Iraqi city of Mosul. The military says at least one of the bodies is that of an Iraqi Army soldier.
Iraq sets election day  quot;The Electoral Commission set the date of January 30 as the date of the election, quot; spokesman Farid Ayar told Reuters on Sunday.
Changing Tenors of Govt. Regulation Description: Senior news analyst NPR #39;s Daniel Schorr contrasts the regulation-happy Federal Communications Commission with the less-active Food and Drug Administration.
 #39;Scramjet #39; Hits Almost Mach 10 A tiny unmanned NASA  quot;scramjet quot; soared above the Pacific Ocean Tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or almost 7,000 mph, in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
Cardinals Start Shaun King, Bench McCown (AP) AP - The Arizona Cardinals benched quarterback Josh McCown and started Shaun King against the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.
Iran insists N-deal still on IRAN said today it was still committed to suspending parts of its sensitive nuclear program and alarm over its last-minute uranium conversion activities was merely US  quot;propaganda quot;.
Manmohan hopeful of resolving issues with Pak through negotiations Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh today said that he was hoping to resolve all outstanding issues with Pakistan through negotiations.
U.S. Forces Find Houses Where Hostages Kept The U.S. military has found nearly 20 houses where intelligence officers believe hostages were tortured or killed in this city, including the house with the cage that held a British contractor who was beheaded last month.
Russia okays forced sale of Yukos arm Govt sets minimum price at \$8.6 bn, against Dresdner Kleinwort Wassersteins lowest fair value of \$15.7 bn. The Russian government on Friday approved the forced sale of the main subsidiary of Yukos, the 
Disney trial often gets personal as Ovitz, Eisner testify LOS ANGELES - The lawsuit shareholders have brought against Disney has come to resemble a Hollywood potboiler of betrayed friendships, secret meetings and wounded egos.
Jets' Martin Ties Sanders' NFL Mark (AP) AP - New York Jets running back Curtis Martin on Sunday became the second player in NFL history to begin his career with 10 straight 1,000-yard seasons.
Forest Service learns to enjoy its trees The US Forest Service, which will celebrate its 100th anniversary next year, is shifting its focus from timber-cutting to recreation and ecological restoration 
Nintendo DS Launches in the US 300-plus people lineup at the EB Games in Universal City. And then the PictoChatting begins. November 21, 2004 - Who says Nintendo doesn #39;t know how to throw a party?
Brawlers suspended THE National Basketball Association suspended four players yesterday in the wake of one of the worst brawls in North American pro sports history.
Jets #39; Martin ties NFL rushing mark New York Jets running back Curtis Martin on Sunday became the second player in NFL history to begin his career with 10 straight 1,000-yard seasons.
Bush Spends Last Day At Pacific Rim Summit In Chile President Bush was holding one-on-one talks Sunday with leaders of Chile and Mexico. He leaves Santiago Monday to return to Central Texas, where he will spend the remainder of the week.
Iraqi PM #39;s cousin released by kidnappers: TV Kidnappers have released Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi #39;s cousin after taking him hostage for 12days, the Arabic-language al-Arabiya TV channel reported Sunday.
British govt cash called for to bolster peace The British government is facing demands to pump funds into Northern Ireland in a bid to bolster a talks deal if it is struck, Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams said tonight.
UN envoy says peace in south Sudan inevitable Sudan #39;s government and southern rebels have crossed the last bridge in efforts to end 21 years of war and peace is now inevitable, UN envoy for Sudan Jan Pronk said on Sunday.
UN to deploy thousands of troops in south Sudan after peace deal (AFP) AFP - The United Nations will deploy thousands of troops in southern Sudan after an expected signing of a final peace accord by the Khartoum government and the southern rebel movement, a UN official said.
Federal Liberals were ahead in recent national poll with 40 per cent support (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - The governing federal Liberals recently had the support of 40 per cent of Canadians, a shade above the popular vote they scored in last June's election, suggests a recent opinion poll.
McCain Not Ruling Out Run for President (AP) AP - Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said Sunday he is not ruling out a run for the 2008 presidential nomination, but that he is not a candidate now.
Iran Using Lasers to Enrich Uranium - Exile Group (Reuters) Reuters - An Iranian exile group accused Tehran on\Friday of using advanced laser technology to secretly enrich\uranium and of lying to the United Nations nuclear watchdog\body about the covert program.
Exit Poll Shows Liberal Winner in Ukraine Election  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainians voted for a new president on  Sunday and an exit poll issued after polls closed said a  West-leaning liberal had beaten the ex-Soviet state's  Russian-backed prime minister.
A year later, Tuberville all smiles ATLANTA - Who could have imagined Tommy Tuberville in this position? Yet there he was Friday, standing alongside the SEC championship trophy, posing for pictures and undoubtedly chuckling a bit on the inside.
Chiefs agree on oil prices THE Group of 20 finance chiefs agreed yesterday that  quot;abrupt changes quot; in foreign exchange rates and oil prices were unwelcome but showed no appetite for intervention to strengthen the US currency.
Winky Wright Now Looking to Cash In (AP) AP - Shane Mosley gave Winky Wright his big chance. After beating Mosley a second time, Wright is now ready to cash in on it. Wright pronounced himself one of boxing's elite contenders Saturday night after beating Mosley in a rematch and holding onto his 154-pound titles. It was a narrow win not decided until the final round, but Wright immediately began campaigning for even bigger fights.
Ravens' Lewis, Smith Injured Vs. Cowboys (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis hurt his left ankle in the first quarter Sunday, and backup Musa Smith broke his leg later in the period.
Report: Artest suspended for 30 games Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - According to a broadcast report, the NBA has suspended Indiana #39;s Ron Artest for 30 games and teammates Stephen Jackson and Jermaine O #39;Neal 20 games apiece for their part in a brawl between the Pacers and the Pistons on 
Leader of IRA #39;s political wing  quot;regrets quot; 1974 pub bombings Leader of Sinn Fein, the political wing of the Irish Republican Army (IRA), said Sunday he  quot;regrets quot; the Birmingham pub bombings which killed 21 people 30 years ago.
England: Chelsea shock Newcastle, French forces inspire Arsenal LONDON, Dec 4 (SW) - While Chelsea crushed Newcastle United to maintain their first position, Arsenal, Everton and Manchester United made no mistakes, leaving the top four in England unchanced.
Google Muscles Into Microsoft's Turf (AP) AP - Not too long ago, Google Inc. seemed little more than a pesky insect to Microsoft Corp.'s 800-pound gorilla. No more. As Google rapidly rolls out new products, the company best known for its wildly popular search engine is muscling into the software giant's turf, including its stronghold: the computer desktop.
Retail predictions for 2004 shopping season n Overall fourth-quarter retail sales this year are expected to be 6.5 percent higher than last year #39;s -- the biggest increase since 1999.
Electronic Passports Might Not Measure Up (AP) AP - The United States hasn't issued any microchip-equipped passports yet, but as the Department of State tests different prototypes, the international standards for the passports are under fire from privacy advocates who worry the technology won't protect travelers from identity thieves.
Swift Probe Successfully Launched Image: NASA #39;s Swift spacecraft lifts off from Complex 17A, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in sunny Florida, on Nov. 20 at 12:16:00.611 pm EST aboard a Boeing Delta II expendable launch vehicle.
Raid on Mosque Sparks Battles in Baghdad (AP) AP - A U.S.-Iraqi raid on the Abu Hanifa mosque  #151; one of the most revered sites for Sunni Muslims  #151; spawned a weekend of street battles, assassinations and a rash of bombings that changed Baghdad. The capital, for months a city of unrelenting but sporadic violence, has taken on the look of a battlefield.
New Video Game Recreates Kennedy Assassination (Reuters) Reuters - A new video game to be released on\Monday allows players to simulate the assassination of U.S.\President John F. Kennedy.
Pacers Hang Tough Minus Suspended Players (AP) AP - Using a makeshift roster a night after brawling with fans, the Indiana Pacers pressed the Orlando Magic until the very end. Limited to just six players because of suspensions and injuries, the Pacers stayed close before dropping an 86-83 decision to Orlando on Saturday night.
Powell begins visit to Mideast The US Secretary of State, Colin Powell, has arrived in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv as part of an attempt to revive the Middle East peace process.
PeopleSoft spurns latest Oracle offer, says shareholders unmoved (AFP) AFP - Senior executives at business software group PeopleSoft have once again spurned a takeover bid from Oracle Corp, even after the latter announced it had control of more than 60 percent of PeopleSoft's shares.
Lee Westwood leads Nedbank Challenge Englishman Lee Westwood is leading after the third round of the Nedbank Challenge in Sun City. Westwood holds a slender one shot lead over South African Retief Goosen after shooting one under par 71 for a three round total of 5 under par.
IAAF to Consider Investigating Sprinter Jones Responding to new allegations of drug use by sprint star Marion Jones, the world governing body of track and field (IAAF) will consider today whether to conduct a formal investigation of Jones, an IAAF official said yesterday.
 #39;Falling dollar to hit Germany, Japan most #39; BERLIN: A communique from the G20 group of rich and developing countries made no explicit reference to currency swings on Sunday, despite mounting concern in Europe and Japan over a slide in the US dollar to multi-year lows.
Poverty Still Mars Chile #39;s Success Story Chile is using a Pacific Rim summit to showcase itself as a Latin American model for free trade, democracy and modernity. But grinding poverty just outside the convention 
Kiwis Aussiehilated BRISBANE, November 21: Australia crushed New Zealand by an innings and 156 runs in the first Test at the Gabba on Sunday to retain the Trans-Tasman Trophy.
Nascar to Crown a Champion GENTLEMEN, LOAD your weapons. It is being billed as the shootout at the Homestead-Miami corral today as the five top NASCAR drivers load up every bit of horsepower they can handle 
With Illini #39;s season over, attention turns to Turner #39;s future Illinois coach Ron Turner said repeatedly he hopes to stay. His players all want him to come back. Now it #39;s Illinois athletic director Ron Guenther #39;s turn to have his say.
US PUSHES FORWARD ON PALESTINIAN VOTE US Secretary of State Colin Powell has arrived in Israel determined to press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for a process to enable Palestinians to elect a successor to Yasser Arafat.
Google Treads on Microsoft's Turf Best known for its popular search engine, Google is rapidly rolling out new products and muscling into Microsoft's stronghold: the computer desktop. The competition means consumers get more choices and better products.
Firefox surfers ignore ads Users of the Internet Explorer click on ad banners four to five times as often as Firefox surfers, Adtech AG, a service provider for Internet ads, has determined (PDF).
Ambani sisters in Mumbai for family meeting MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The stage is set for a family meeting of the Ambanis in Mumbai on Monday on the ownership issue in the Rs 80,000 crore Reliance group as Mukesh Ambani has returned from the US while Anil is understood to have authorised his mother to 
Sudanese cabinet welcomes UN resolution on Sudan The Sudanese government welcomed Sunday the UN Security Council #39;s resolution on Sudan. Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Ismail said the Sudanese cabinet  quot;considered the resolution 
Report: Artest Suspended for 30 Games (Reuters) Reuters - According to a broadcast\report, the NBA has suspended Indiana's Ron Artest for 30 games\and teammates Stephen Jackson and Jermaine O'Neal 20 games\apiece for their part in a brawl between the Pacers and the\Pistons on Friday night.
Yemen president starts Europe tour (AFP) AFP - Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh left for visits to Germany and Italy, two of the impoverished country's key development donors, the official SABA news agency reported.
Beasley Leads PSV to Another Shutout Win (AP) AP - U.S. midfielder DaMarcus Beasley scored a goal Sunday to help lead PSV Eindhoven past Vitesse Arnhem 2-0 in the Dutch league  #151; the 10th straight shutout for unbeaten PSV.
African leaders gather Tuesday to assess NEPAD development program (AFP) AFP - African leaders are to gather in Algiers to review the progress of the New Partnership for African Development (NEPAD), a wide-ranging strategy for ensuring good governance and building the economies of the world's poorest continent.
Windows NT 4 support to come at price in  #39;05 com December 3, 2004, 4:08 PM PT. This priority jumped up two spots into second place as CRM returns into the spotlight among top software initiatives alongside directory services and open source.
Pacers-Pistons melee another black eye for Detroit #39;s image The sight of Detroit fans scuffling with NBA stars and showering them with beer, ice and popcorn gives the city another black eye as it struggles to improve its image and overcome a well-worn reputation for violence and urban unrest.
England clinches World Cup England has held out Spain by one stroke for only its second World Cup victory thanks to magnificent putting from Paul Casey. Casey and partner Luke Donald survived a challenge from Spanish duo Sergio Garcia 
Wolfsburg falls out of Bundesliga lead despite early goal Wolfsburg fell out of the Bundesliga lead for the first time in a month Sunday, losing 3-1 to Hamburg SV despite a goal by Thomas Brdaric after only 19 seconds - the fastest goal this season.
I-AA Playoff Bracket Announced  INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. (Sports Network) - The NCAA announced  the field of 16 teams competing for the 2004 Division I-AA  Football Championship on Sunday.
Meshiai in Tie for the Lead at Q-School  ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Hajime Meshiai, who  held the lead the previous two rounds, shot a three-under 69 on  Sunday to share first with Don Reese after five rounds of the  Champions Tour National Qualifying Tournament.
Gas Prices Dip to Average  #36;1.96 a Gallon (Reuters) Reuters - The price of a gallon of gasoline in\the United States fell over the last two weeks during a\seasonally slow consumption period, according to an industry\analyst.
Google creators in share sell-off Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin stand to pocket over \$1bn each by selling shares in their web search firm.
Gas Prices Dip to Average \$1.96 a Gallon The price of a gallon of gasoline in the United States fell over the last two weeks during a seasonally slow consumption period, according to an industry analyst.
ACCESS Announces NetFront Mobile Content Viewer Previewing and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; /PRNewswire/ -- ACCESS Co., Ltd. (Tokyo Stock Exchange: 4813), a global provider of mobile content delivery and Internet access technologies announced the release of NetFront(R) Mobile Content Viewer a comprehensive 
Tigers trail Sooners by just four points McLEAN, Va. -- Auburn picked up two more first-place votes but remained third in the latest ESPN/USA Today coaches #39; poll, released Sunday.
Reese, Meshiai Lead Champions Tour Quals ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. - Hajime Meshiai, an 11-time winner on the Japanese PGA Tour, shot 69 Sunday to retain a share of the lead after five rounds of the Champions Tour national qualifying tournament.
British sec. to reveal terror proposals British Home Secretary David Blunkett was expected Sunday to reveal proposals for strict anti-terror measures, the BBC reported. The proposals were said to include anti-terror 
Bahrain activist freed Bahrain #39;s King Hamad has pardoned an activist sentenced to one year in jail for inciting hatred against the government, the BBC reported Sunday.
Ravens Slug Cowboys Kyle Boller throws two touchdown passes in the third quarter to lead the Ravens past the sliding Cowboys, 30-10, on Sunday.
Merck steps up PR campagin after recall Merck  amp; Co. #39;s campaign to defend itself in the wake of the recall of the pain reliever Vioxx intensified as it placed a package of three full-page ads in seven prominent newspapers beginning last Friday.
Inflation fears, oil swings to keep sentiment low MUMBAI: The market is expected to remain volatile ahead of the expiry of futures contract on Thursday. The mood will remain subdued amid worries over a fresh rise in global crude oil prices and inflation in the country, say brokers.
DoCoMo 3G phones add wireless VoIP JAPAN #39;S top mobile carrier has begun marketing a mobile phone for corporate customers that works over both the local wireless and cellular networks.
Reese, Meshiai share Champions Tour qualifying lead Hajime Meshiai, an 11-time winner on the Japanese PGA Tour, shot 69 Sunday to retain a share of the lead after five rounds of the Champions Tour national qualifying tournament.
The Politics of Time and Dispossession Make a commitment to subscribe, donate and/or place all of your book and other product orders from Amazon.com and others through MMN Shopping web-site by clicking here.
54 dead as plane falls into lake BEIJING - Fifty-four people were killed yesterday when a plane crashed into a lake shortly after take-off, apparently after a blast, in Chinas deadliest aviation disaster in two years, witnesses and state media said.
Tide Staff Shifts Modes With the end to a grueling regular season in Saturday nights 21-13 loss to Auburn, there is finally some time for Alabamas players to rest and recover, but that time has not yet begun for the Tide coaching staff.
Gas Prices Dip to Average \$1.96 a Gallon  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The price of a gallon of gasoline in  the United States fell over the last two weeks during a  seasonally slow consumption period, according to an industry  analyst.
Apec pushes for free trade boost Leaders of 21 Asia-Pacific states pledge to bolster anti-terrorism measures and efforts to lower trade barriers.
A Stock Party, Then a Retail Hangover FEW things stir the heart of stock investors like a huge merger deal. And last week #39;s shotgun wedding between Kmart and Sears, two limping retailers, was no exception.
PSU telescopes rocket into orbit There were cheers, applause and even a bottle or two of champagne at Penn State #39;s Mission Operations Center on Saturday. A group of university engineers and scientists 
NTT DoCoMo - the biggest Japanese cell phone operator says BIG NO &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NTT DoCoMo says:  quot;Symbian - yes, mobile Linux - yes, Microsoft - BIG NO quot;. Well, previously NTT DoCoMo was very promoting wireless Java in its handsets and J2EE Java in its servers (to power i-mode services 
Company Launches JFK Assassination Game (AP) AP - A British company said Sunday it was releasing a video game recreating the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy.
Manning punishes Bears with 4 TD #39;s CHICAGO (Ticker) -- Peyton Manning against Craig Krenzel turned out to be the mismatch that it was expected to be. Manning continued his record pace, passing for four touchdowns as the Colts rolled to 41-10 
Reese, Meshiai Lead Champions Tour Quals Hajime Meshiai, an 11-time winner on the Japanese PGA Tour, shot 69 Sunday to retain a share of the lead after five rounds of the Champions Tour national qualifying tournament.
NFL Game Summary - Dallas at Baltimore Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - Kyle Boller completed 23-of-34 passes for 232 yards and two touchdowns to lead Baltimore over Dallas, 30-10, at M amp;amp;T Bank Stadium.
Jets Bounce Back From Loss to Ravens (AP) AP - Quincy Carter threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Justin McCareins with 5:32 remaining as the New York Jets bounced back from an embarrassing loss with an ugly 10-7 win over the Cleveland Browns on Sunday.
Vikings Make Rally Count Against Lions (AP) AP - The Minnesota Vikings shut out Detroit in the second half and overcame a 12-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the sliding Lions 22-19 Sunday, ending their three-game losing streak.
Arafat widow contests right of nephew to receive medical file (AFP) AFP - The widow of Yasser Arafat has questioned the right of his nephew to receive a copy of the medical file of the late Palestinian leader, Suha Arafat's lawyers said in a statement.
Raptors Rally From 20 Down to Beat Spurs (AP) AP - Lamond Murray scored all 13 of his points in the fourth quarter, helping the Toronto Raptors overcome a 20-point deficit in the second half to beat the San Antonio Spurs 96-91 Sunday.
McEnroe to Captain Davis Cup Through 2006 (AP) AP - Patrick McEnroe will remain the U.S. Davis Cup captain through 2006.
Former Groupaction executive arrested for allegedly breaking bail conditions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Alain Richard, a former vice-president of a controversial Quebec ad agency implicated in the sponsorship scandal, has been arrested for breaking his bail conditions, city police said.
Senate Confirms Adelstein for FCC Term (AP) AP - Jonathan Adelstein, a former staffer for outgoing Senate minority leader Tom Daschle, was approved for a full term on the Federal Communications Commission in a Senate vote early Sunday.
New Video Game Recreates Kennedy Assassination  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A new video game to be released on  Monday allows players to simulate the assassination of U.S.  President John F. Kennedy.
What a Week: Greenspan Trips Dollar  quot;Seems like that guy singing this song has been doing it for a long time -- is there anything he knows that he ain #39;t said?
HAMMER OF THE SPAMMERS He has a department at the company devoted to ensuring the four million-plus emails sent to him each day don #39;t make it to his personal inbox.
Artest gets 30-game suspension, Wallace five The NBA reportedly has come down hard on the Indiana Pacers for their involvement in a brawl that broke out in the final minute of Friday #39;s win at Detroit.
Martin joins Sanders, hurts knee Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - New York Jets running back Curtis Martin became the second player in NFL history to rush for at least 1,000 yards in his first 10 seasons before bruising his right knee in the second quarter.
Major points of Iraqi debt reduction plan The deal will reduce Iraq #39;s debt owed to the 19 Paris Club creditor nations by 80 percent, from a current \$38.9 billion to \$7.8 billion in 2008.
Slovene Center Is Feeling Like a Rookie Again In his fourth N.B.A. season, 7-foot-1 center Primoz Brezec is getting a fresh start and a chance to start in Charlotte.
Spam  #39;under control #39; in two years: Gates SPAM could become a thing of the past in around two years #39; time, Microsoft chairman Bill Gates said on a visit to Madrid.  quot;Spam is a major security problem, quot; Mr Gates said, noting that progress had been made in the fight against unsolicited mail.
England: Balckburn still in last Blackburn recovered from 3-1 down to draw 3-3 with Birmingham in the English Premier League on Sunday, but stayed bottom of the standings.
Jets 10, Browns 7 Quincy Carter threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Justin McCareins with 5:32 remaining as the Jets bounced back from an embarrassing loss with an ugly 10-7 win over the Cleveland Browns on Sunday.
Alternative bonfire takes a while to light COLLEGE STATION -- For the third year in a row, a group of current and former students continued the suspended Texas A amp;M University bonfire tradition off-campus.
Powell attempts to revive Mideast peace process JERUSALEM - US Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked Sunday on a mission to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Prince to defend himself in speech Prince Charles is expected to publicly deny that he believes Britain #39;s  quot;learning culture quot; gives people false hope of success, the BBC reported Sunday.
US Average Gasoline Pump Price Falls to \$1.96, Lundberg Says US gasoline pump prices fell about five cents in the past two weeks to an average of \$1.96 a gallon, Trilby Lundberg said, citing a survey of about 7,000 filling stations by her Camarillo, California, research firm.
Cracks in the first family of business That there are problems between the Ambani brothers is not news, but Mukesh Ambanis admission that there could be a change in the equity pattern of the Reliance group caused the share prices of Reliance companies to drift downwards.
Gold Fields plans \$3.5 bn asset sale Gold Fields will be expected to sell its international assets valued at up to \$3.5 billion and return the cash to shareholders as part of its defence against a hostile all-share bid from rival gold producer Harmony.
Online bidding firms seek bounce from insurance industry scandal Customers in search of a cheap airfare, antiques or a stock trade can scan the Web for good deals. But when it comes time for companies to buy group insurance policies, they #39;ve largely 
Pacers Scared, Shocked by Detroit Fans (AP) AP - The Indiana Pacers were frightened when spectators began hurling chairs, drinks, and ice at them in one of the most violent exchanges between players and fans in U.S. sports history.
RIAA sues more music downloaders THE US recording industry has filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users in the latest round of its effort to stamp out unauthorised trading of music online.
 #39;Mr. Bill Gates, you #39;re no Google #39; Microsoft Corp. isnt often an underdog in anything, so when the software powerhouse released its new search engine, I was anxious to give it a whirl.
Scientists Create Electronic Eye for the Blind Japanese scientists say they have created an electronic eye that would help blind people cross the street safely. The device, a tiny camera mounted to a pair of eyeglasses, can detect the existence and location 
Droughns Helps Broncos Stay Atop AFC West (AP) AP - Reuben Droughns had another 100-yard game to help the Denver Broncos stay atop the AFC West for another week.
Rovers, Blues draw Blackburn has come back from two goals down to draw with Birmingham in a 3-3 thriller. With first-half goals to Darren Anderton, Robbie Savage and David Dunn, Birmingham had forgotten Matt Jansens early 
Resistance Support from Arab World It has been reported that in American military operations against insurgents in Mosul in the north of Iraq this week four decapitated corpses were found.
APEC Leaders Want to Revive World Trade Talks  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Asia-Pacific leaders promised  on Sunday to try to revive world trade talks and fight  terrorism after a summit marred at the end by spats over the  security of President Bush.
Hamas signals it wants a role in Palestinian vote The militant group is poised to sponsor candidates in legislative and municipal elections expected later next year.
Bush Seeks to Mend Ties With Latin America President Bush tried to mend relations in Latin America with fresh promises of immigration reform Sunday while a new security spat surfaced with Chile after an embarrassing fracas in which Bush intervened.
Peru Wants Intl Court to Take on Fujimori Case &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peru should call in theInternational Court of Justice to rule on its request for theextradition of former President Alberto Fujimori from Japan,state attorney Nelly Calderon said on Sunday, expressingfrustration at Japan's failure to act so far.&lt;/p&gt;
Oracle wins PeopleSoft shareholder vote Oracle chalked up a key victory Friday in its battle to acquire PeopleSoft, with investors agreeing to sell the suitor 60 percent of PeopleSoft #39;s outstanding shares.
Barcelona beats Real Madrid in Spanish league Barcelona moved further ahead in the Spanish league by beating rival Real Madrid 3-0 Saturday in the country #39;s biggest match. Samuel Eto #39;o and Giovanni van Bronckhorst scored in the first half and Ronaldinho 
Asia-Pacific summit ends with anti-terror pledge SANTIAGO (AFP) - Asia-Pacific leaders, overpowered by the US-led  quot;war on terror quot; agenda, closed an annual summit vowing to shore up anti-terrorist defenses and target weapons of mass destruction.
Iraqi PM #39;s Cousin Freed Kidnappers have released Sunday the cousin of Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, Sky News reported. Ghazi Allawi, 75, was seized by gunmen from his Baghdad home on November 9, along with his wife and his pregnant daughter-in-law.
Palestinian struggle for statehood He might have been able to throw dust in the eye of Mossad, out to cut short his life, and survived fairly long but being mortal Arafat had to finally embrace death.
Manmohan arrives in Manipur Imphal: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today arrived in Manipur on a two-day visit to the state. Singh #39;s special Indian Air Force helicopter from Silchar in Assam landed at Jiribam, a border town, at 10.25 am.
Manning Tames Bears Peyton Manning tosses four touchdown passes and Edgerrin James punishes the Bears' defense with 204 yards as the Colts roll to a 41-10 victory Sunday.
Oracle poised to pounce on PeopleSoft BOLSTERED by investors, Oracle appears set to complete its long-sought takeover of PeopleSoft, unless its rival proves it is worth more than the \$US9.2 billion (\$11.7 billion) bid currently on the table.
Fund chief busted for embezzlement The former head of a Chicago non-profit that delivered holiday meals to senior citizens and the disabled has been charged with embezzlement.
SpaceShipOne named Time #39;s  quot;Invention of the Year quot; The first privately financed manned rocket to fly into space has been named Time magazine #39;s  quot;Invention of the Year. quot;.
Let human diversity color the cosmos ROBERT ZUBRIN: First for the science, second for the challenge, and third for the future. First, for science. Mars is the key to letting us know if life is a general phenomenon in the universe.
Reid striker not enough as Rovers stay rooted Ireland International Steven Reid scored for Blackburn Rovers on Sunday afternoon in their 3-3 draw with Birmingham at Ewood Park, although his side remain in serious trouble and they remain rooted to the foot of the Premiership table.
Psv Power on at Summit PSV Eindhoven re-established their five-point lead at the top of the Dutch Eredivisie today with a 2-0 win at Vitesse Arnhem. Former Sheffield Wednesday striker Gerald Sibon put PSV ahead in the 56th minute 
Buffs still cling to North title hopes Another piece fell in place Saturday for the Colorado football team in what began weeks ago as a complicated and unlikely route to the Big 12 Conference North Division title.
Bush encourages more debt reduction for Iraq US President George W. Bush on Sunday hailed an agreement by the Paris Club of creditor nations to cancel 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debt and called on other nations to join in as well.
APEC Seeks Palestinian Solution, Wider Coalition in Terror War SANTIAGO, 21 November 2004 - The US-led war on terror must include a resolution to the Palestinian question and involve a broader coalition, Washingtons Asia-Pacific partners warned yesterday as leaders of 21 Pacific Rim economies opened a two 
Iraqi PM Allawi #39;s cousin freed CAIRO - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi #39;s cousin, Ghazi Allawi, has been released by his kidnappers, Dubai-based Al-Arabiya satellite television reported Sunday.
Palestinians wants US to ensure smooth polls : Palestinian leaders on Sunday outlined plans to persuade visiting American envoys to pressure Israel into removing troops from urban areas to ensure smooth elections to replace Yasser Arafat.
Backdoor Help for Darfur The UN Security Council took an unusual step last week to end the longest conflict in Africa: For only the fourth time in UN history, the Council left New York, going to Africa to meet with two sides in Sudan #39;s 21-year civil war.
In Imphal, PM makes it a point to meet women who stripped to send &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IMPHAL, NOVEMBER 21: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh may not have been able to honour all requests from Manipuri groups keen to meet him but he did manage time from his busy schedule to spend time with some of the Meirapaibies (torch bearers), the women who 
'We want regime change', Zimbabwe opposition leader tells Britain (AFP) AFP - Zimbabwe's main opposition leader took his campaign against President Robert Mugabe to Britain, rallying expatriates and declaring their destitute southern African country ready for "regime change".
Quebec should boost hydro capacity to enhance exports, says Charest (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Quebec should use its plentiful hydroelectric capacity as an economic development tool, just as Alberta has done with oil, Premier Jean Charest said Sunday.
Sahara tourists face theft charge Five Germans thought to be missing in the Sahara are safe but face charges for the alleged theft of artefacts.
Kurt Busch Takes Nextel Cup Title (AP) AP - Kurt Busch overcame a broken wheel early in Sunday's race and came back to win the closest championship in NASCAR history.
Kurt Busch Takes Nextel Cup Title Crew members of Kurt Busch work on the car during a pit stop during the NASCAR Ford 400 at the Homestead Miami Speedway in Homestead, Fla.
Peyton Manning Has 4 TD Passes as Colts Beat Bears: NFL Week 11 Peyton Manning threw for 211 yards and four touchdowns to help the Indianapolis Colts win their third straight game, a 41-10 victory over the Chicago Bears.
Bettis Runs Over Bengals, Steelers Win 8th Straight Jerome Bettis ran for 129 yards and the Pittsburgh Steelers used a stifling defense to edge the Cincinnati Bengals 19-14 for their eighth straight win in National Football League play Sunday in Cincinnati.
San Antonio Spurs TORONTO (Ticker) -- The San Antonio Spurs have gotten into a habit of winning games in the fourth quarter. That was where they lost Sunday #39;s game.
Purdue Routs Indiana-Purdue Fort Wayne (AP) AP - Natasha Bogdanova scored 23 points to lead No. 16 Purdue to a 107-39 rout over Indiana-Purdue Fort Wayne in the Boilermakers season opener Sunday at Mackey Arena.
Plane crash in China kills more than 50 people The Transportation Safety Board of Canada is sending a team to China, where a Canadian-built commuter plane crashed in an ice-covered lake in northern China on Sunday.
Bettis Runs Over Bengals, Steelers Win 8th Straight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jerome Bettis ran for 129 yards and  the Pittsburgh Steelers used a stifling defense to edge the  Cincinnati Bengals 19-14 for their eighth straight win in  National Football League play Sunday in Cincinnati.
Busch Wins Nextel Cup Kurt Busch uses a late caution flag that produces four extra laps to hold on to a fifth-place finish at the Ford 400, wrapping up the Nextel Cup.
PeopleSoft board rejects bid PLEASANTON, California The board of directors of PeopleSoft has rejected Oracle #39;s \$9.2 billion takeover bid, continuing its resistance a day after the company #39;s own shareholders tendered more than 60 percent of stock to Oracle.
Two-For-One Sale Shoppers Venturing into the new supersize Sears Grand concept store in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., off the old Route 66, can be forgiven for double-checking the name on the faade.
On The Move: Airlines going the extra mile for luxury NEW YORK Willing to pay more than 20 times the cheapest fare on your next plane trip for a seat that reclines into a flat bed? Or how about a bed for two - but no privacy - on your next flight between London and New York?
India debates space flight as lunar project proceeds BANGALORE, India India #39;s space agency is ready to send a man into space within seven years if the government gives the nod, while preparations have already begun for the launching of an unmanned lunar mission, a top official said Sunday.
Bill Gates gives SPAM 2 more years Perhaps the most spammed man on planet earth, Bill Gates told media that SPAM could be history within two more years. He was in Madrid on a visit and told this to a forum organized by Spanish daily El Mundo.
Safin could yet be force on grass IN THEIR minds eyes, Tim Henman, Andy Roddick and, perhaps, Marat Safin have seen themselves cradling the most famous cup in tennis.
Proteas thwart India spin attack, are at 459 for 7: Sports India, Cricket: Kanpur, Nov 21 : Andrew Hall #39;s career best 163 enabled South Africa to remain in a commanding position at the end of Day 2 of the first Test match against India held in Kanpur.
Barcelona reigns supreme over Real #39;s fading stars Catalonia is not Spain quot; read the banner in the Nou Camp Stadium where, in front of 95,000 Catalans and on television screens in 86 countries, FC Barcelona decisively and beautifully deflowered Real Madrid as the kings of Spanish soccer.
UPDATE 1-Inter make hard work of Cup win over Bologna Inter Milan came from behind to beat Bologna 3-1 in an Italian Cup third round, first leg match at the San Siro stadium on Sunday.
Meet Glenn McGrath, Australias new batting star GLENN McGrath wont have to worry about the total number of his Test wickets exceeding his run tally at least for a while. Australian team-mates had teased him that his total wickets up to the first Test against 
Top official of Pakistan making first visit to India NEW DELHI The prime minister of Pakistan, Shaukat Aziz, will make his first visit to India this week for talks with his Indian counterpart, Manmohan Singh, amid renewed rancor over Kashmir.
Artest Out for Season The NBA comes down hard on the Pacers, suspending Ron Artest for the rest of the season, Stephen Jackson for 30 games and Jermaine O'Neal for 25.
Dollar Near Record Lows, No G20 Support  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar was near record lows against  the euro and its lowest level since March 2000 versus the yen  on Monday after a meeting of the Group of 20 rich and  developing nations suggested no effort to stem the dollar's  decline.
Experts See Demand for Web Insurance Bids (AP) AP - Customers in search of cheap airfare, antiques or a stock trade can scan the Web for good deals. But when it comes time for companies to buy group insurance policies, they've largely been beholden to brokers using fax, e-mail and the telephone to track down the best bargain. Some industry analysts say an ongoing insurance bid-rigging scandal  #151; combined with rising health care costs  #151; will build demand for online bidding on insurance policies.
Manning and James Lead Colts to Another Rout (Reuters) Reuters - Peyton Manning threw four\touchdown passes and Edgerrin James ran for 204 yards with a\score, as the Indianapolis Colts rolled to a 41-10 victory over\the Chicago Bears at Soldier Field.
Microsoft lands US Air Force The US Air Force has awarded a multiyear contract that calls for Microsoft to consolidate 38 various software license agreements and tighten security features.
NBA Commissioner Statement on Suspensions (AP) AP - NBA Commissioner David Stern's statement accompanying the announcement of suspensions for Friday night's Pacers-Pistons brawl:
Suns 122, Clippers 111 Amare Stoudemire overcame early foul trouble to score 33 points and the Phoenix Suns beat the Los Angeles Clippers 122-111 for their fourth straight victory on Sunday.
British company launches  #39;docu-game #39; recreating JFK assassination GLASGOW, Scotland A British company says it #39;s releasing a video game recreating the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy. The Scottish-based firm Traffic says  quot;JFK Reloaded quot; is an educational  quot;docu-game 
No. 7 Stanford Shuts Down Pacific 82-26 (AP) AP - Stanford allowed its third-lowest points total ever and Candace Wiggins scored 15 points in the Cardinal's 82-26 victory over Pacific on Sunday.
ABC Drops College Bowl Series  NEW YORK (Hollywood Reporter) - ABC has pulled out of  negotiations to continue airing college football's Bowl  Championship Series (BCS).
Manning and James Lead Colts to Another Rout  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - Peyton Manning threw four  touchdown passes and Edgerrin James ran for 204 yards with a  score, as the Indianapolis Colts rolled to a 41-10 victory over  the Chicago Bears at Soldier Field.
Clarke's x-ray specs - police swoops, detectors for schools Another ministerial preemptive strike...
McCain to consider possible 2008 presidential run (AFP) AFP - Maverick US Republican Senator John McCain, who ran against President George W. Bush four years ago, indicated he might be considering another presidential bid in 2008, despite the fact he will be 72 when the next election rolls around.
Turmoil Grips Elite School Over Money and Leaders A debate is festering among graduates and parents at St. Paul's, an elite school in New Hampshire, with critics accusing trustees and the rector of mismanagement.
When a Video Game Stops Being Fun For players with ambitions to develop games, Electronic Arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
Online firm in the frame for takeover THESTREET.COM, the financial news and commentary internet site, has emerged as a takeover target. TheStreet.coms shares, after enduring three tepid years on Americas tech-laden Nasdaq 
Auburn Slips Back to No. 3 Behind Sooners (AP) AP - Oklahoma is the only No. 2. After a week of sharing the No. 2 ranking with Auburn, Oklahoma edged ahead of the Tigers in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday.
McAfee Provides Industry-First Mobile Virus Protection For NTT &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; McAfee is offering subscribers of Japan #39;s mobile carrier, NTT DoCoMo a mobile content scanning technology designed to provide protection against future mobile threats.
Stoudemire Scores 33 As Suns Top Clippers LOS ANGELES - Amare Stoudemire overcame early foul trouble to score 33 points and the Phoenix Suns beat the Los Angeles Clippers 122-111 for their fourth straight victory on Sunday.
SEC, ACC to review tapes of Clemson-South Carolina fight before &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Southeastern Conference and Atlantic Coast Conference will review tapes of the fight that broke out in the fourth quarter of the Clemson-South Carolina game before deciding on penalties.
Dave Dickenson gets the start at quarterback for the BC Lions OTTAWA (CP) - The CFL #39;s most outstanding player started the 92nd Grey Cup on the bench. BC Lions coach Wally Buono went with experience over youth Sunday, starting veteran Dave Dickenson in the Grey Cup against 
OSU Eyes Alamo Bowl After beating Michigan , Ohio State is looking forward to ending their season with a bowl game. And it looks like the Buckeyes will be spending the holidays in the state of Texas .
Locusts sighted in Jerusalem, TA First reports of locust sightings in Jerusalem and Tel-Aviv were reported late Sunday night, Army Radio reported. A cloud of locusts smothered the city of Eilat on Sunday as millions of the ravenous plant-eating 
NBA Suspends Artest for Remainder of Season  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The NBA showed no mercy on  Sunday, suspending Indiana's Ron Artest for the remainder of  the season for his part in a brawl between the Pacers and the  Detroit Pistons on Friday night.
Behind the K-Mart-Sears Deal Description: NPR #39;s Liane Hansen speaks with retail analyst Lois Huff about last week #39;s announcement of warehouse giant K-Mart #39;s intent to purchase the aging department store Sears.
Broader impact from airline pension woes feared With three major airlines now in a fiscal tailspin, concern is growing not only that this industry may be facing a large-scale pension funding crisis, but also that all defined benefit plan sponsors could wind up paying for these companies #39; failures.
Pakistan Invites Proposals For Pakistan Telecom Sale KARACHI (Dow Jones)--The Privatization Commission on Saturday invited proposals from potential investors for the sale of a 26 government stake in the country #39;s biggest telecommunications firm, Pakistan Telecommunication Co.
SIPTU opposed to Aer Lingus privatisation SIPTU has said it is strongly opposed to any privatisation of Aer Lingus as pressure mounts on the Government to make a decision on the future funding of the airline.
Google puts new slant on scholarship Google has already transformed the way the web is used. Now the company behind the internet #39;s leading search engine aims to change the academic world too, with a new search tool putting a treasure trove of 
England: Blackburn fight back to draw with Birmingham BLACKBURN, Nov 21 (SW) - After an atrocious defensive display in the first half, Blackburn Rovers came from two goals down to draw 3-3 with Birmingham City at Ewood Park on Sunday.
Old rivals hit a new low THE SIGHT OF Martin ONeill parading Neil Lennon in front of the Celtic end at Ibrox, like some sort of prizefighter, sealed the verdict.
England wins second World Cup title The World Cup of Golf has been won by England, who won the title for just the second time in the event #39;s 50 year history and their first under the revised format introduced in 2000.
Lions take early lead after first quarter of Grey Cup CBC SPORTS ONLINE - BC Lions coach Wally Buono #39;s decision to name Dave Dickenson as his starting quarterback may have been a surprising, but so far it looks like the right one.
GAME DAY RECAP Sunday, November 21 WEST LAFAYETTE, Indiana (Ticker) -- Reserve Natasha Bogdanova had 23 points in 19 minutes and Erin Lawless made 10-of-13 shots en route to 23 points as No.
Iraq Sets Election Despite Fresh Violence (AP) AP - Iraqi authorities set Jan. 30 as the date for the nation's first election since the collapse of Saddam Hussein's dictatorship and pledged that voting would take place throughout the country despite rising violence and calls by Sunni clerics for a boycott.
Bush Tries to Mend Ties With Latin America (AP) AP - President Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled immigration reforms and defended the U.S. invasion of Iraq, saying that "history will prove it right."
Bush applauds Iraq debt cuts US President George Bush today applauded the decision by the so-called Paris Club of creditor nations to slash 80 per cent of the money Iraq owed them and urged non-member countries to do the same.
Israel abuzz as locusts swarm in A PLAGUE of locusts has swarmed into Israel across the border from Egypt, threatening to devastate fields of crops in the countrys agricultural heartland.
Survivors Mark 30th Anniversary of Birmingham Bombs Survivors of the Birmingham pub bombings joined more than 200 people at a special service to mark the 30th anniversary of one of mainland Britains worst terrorist atrocities today.
Russia, Japan fail to make progress in peace talks (AFP) AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin and Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi failed to make progress in a testy territorial dispute, only confirming their duty to solve the decades-long row.
PeopleSoft defies \$9.2bn Oracle bid American software giant PeopleSoft remained defiant against Oracle #39;s hostile \$9.2billion (5billion) bid yesterday despite PeopleSoft shareholders backing the offer over the weekend.
 #39;Deficit as far as eye can see #39; to be cut Berlin - The United States (US) Treasury Secretary John Snow has flown into Berlin at the weekend on a budget flight - and pledged to cut the US deficit in half.
Harmony dismisses Gold Fields #39; defence South African gold miner Harmony yesterday sought to rubbish a secret plot by rival and bid target Gold Fields to scupper its \$8.1billion (4.35billion) hostile offer.
Britain has signaled its opposition to EADS-Thales merger The British government has signaled its opposition to the creation of a European defence industry giant by the merger of the European aerospace group EADS and the French-British defence electronics group Thales, the Observer reported Sunday.
Blackburn give Hughes heart AN ADVERTISEMENT ON THE giant screen at Ewood Park declared that Blackburn Rovers are giving generously this season and, while it purported to refer to a sale at the club shop, no one could deny that their charity extends to the pitch.
No. 21 Oklahoma 76, Texas St. 57 _ No. 21 Oklahoma had its good moments against Texas State, but coach Sherri Coale wants there to be a lot more. Erin Higgins scored 12 points and Chelsi Welch and Casey Walker added 10 
Plenty of brawl blame to spread around, say NBA rivals (AFP) AFP - Rival National Basketball Association players and coaches have found plenty of blame to spread around regarding Friday's brawl between Detroit spectators and Indiana Pacers players.
US persuades Paris Club to write off 23bn of Iraqi debt A deal to forgive a large chunk of Iraq #39;s external debt could finally be announced this week after key creditor nations came to an agreement at the weekend ending months of stalemate.
IRA fails to say sorry for Birmingham pub bombs Hundreds gathered in Birmingham yesterday to mark the 30th anniversary of one of Britain #39;s most gruesome terrorist attacks, the bombing of two city centre pubs which killed 21 and seriously injured 160.
King Hamad Pardons Jailed Activist MANAMA, 22 November 2004 - Bahrains King Hamad yesterday ordered the release of a human rights activist who was sentenced to one year in prison earlier in the day for inciting political dissent.
Virginia Upsets No. 10 Arizona 78-60 (AP) AP - Highly touted freshman Sean Singletary scored 15 points and made several other huge plays Sunday night, leading Virginia to a 78-60 victory against No. 10 Arizona.
N.B.A. Suspends Artest for the Rest of the Season Ron Artest of the Indiana Pacers has been suspended in connection with a brawl Friday night that injured nine fans at the Palace of Auburn Hills in Michigan.
Southern Miss Golden Eagles HATTIESBURG, Mississippi (Ticker) -- What was to be an early-season non-conference matchup has become a huge battle with Bowl Championship Series implications when No.
Dollar Near Record Lows, No G20 Support The dollar was near record lows against the euro and its lowest level since March 2000 versus the yen on Monday after a meeting of the Group of 20 rich and developing nations suggested no effort to stem the dollar #39;s decline.
Longbridge land sold in 15m deal By Christopher Hope, Business Correspondent, and Harry Wallop (Filed: 22/11/2004). Phoenix Venture Holdings, the owner of loss-making MG Rover, has sold off the last remaining major piece of land at its Longbridge 
NBA Suspends Artest for Rest of Season (AP) AP - Ron Artest was suspended for the rest of the season Sunday and two of his Indiana Pacers teammates must miss a total of 55 games for fighting with fans in a melee that broke out at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons.
McNabb Leads Eagles Past Redskins 28-6 (AP) AP - Donovan McNabb tied a career high with four touchdown passes, leading the Philadelphia Eagles to a 28-6 victory over the Washington Redskins on Sunday.
Injuries Deplete Rams Defensive Secondary (AP) AP - The St. Louis Rams' defensive backfield was depleted by injuries in a loss to Buffalo on Sunday, with the most serious to backup cornerback DeJuan Groce, who hurt his left knee.
USC aims to end  #39;04 with poll position  quot;We control our destiny, unlike last year where we didn #39;t know, quot; USC defensive tackle Shaun Cody said this week.  quot;We were hoping on a prayer things would fall into place.
Microsoft opens war for Internet dominance Microsofts new search engine launched opens a new front for the worlds biggest software company in a new war - for control of the Internet, analysts said.
Hewitt clash cut short HEAVY rain has delayed the start of the ATP Masters Cup final in Houston, Texas, and forced organisers to trim the title match from a best-of-five sets to a best-of-three format.
No. 21 Oklahoma 76, Texas St. 57 Erin Higgins scored 12 points and Chelsi Welch and Casey Walker added 10 each as No. 21 Oklahoma beat Texas State 76-57 Sunday. Higgins was 4-for-7 from 3-point range, but the Sooners (2-0) got most of their scoring inside against the smaller Wildcats.
Flexibility does not come with stray words: Singh GUWAHATI: Flexibility does not come with stray words, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Sunday, in response to remarks from President General Pervez Musharraf last week that he was disheartened by New Delhis rigidity on the Kashmir 
Powell Arrives in Israel in Latest Push for Peace Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, arriving in Israel for his first visit in a year and a half, said he would work with Palestinian leaders to come up with an American 
Wanted: a more realistic Myanmar policy It is now more than obvious that developments in Myanmar have taken a sad turn. The harden- ing of the junta #39;s position does not augur well for future United Nations involvement.
Artest Banned for Rest of Season After Ugly Brawl  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The National Basketball Association  suspended All-Star Ron Artest for the rest of the season and  Indiana Pacers team mates Stephen Jackson for 30 games and  Jermaine O'Neal for 25 following Friday's ugly brawl.
Bush Job Plan Features Tax Cuts, Drilling (AP) AP - Hiring is picking up and President Bush is on track to preside over job growth in his second term, shedding the Herbert Hoover label of being the first president since the Great Depression to lose jobs under his watch. But don't expect a revival of the booming 1990s.
AOL to Adapt WebEx Services for AIM Consumers America Online and WebEx Communications are evaluating ways to adapt some of the online meeting services they currently offer to business users of AOL #39;s AIM instant messaging network to make these services appealing to other AIM consumers.
Colombia Deploys 15,000 Troops for Bush (AP) AP - The Spanish colonialists who fortified this Colombian seaport 400 years ago to guard against pirates and rival imperial powers could only have dreamed of the security being implemented for President Bush's visit here Monday.
China Iron Mine Fire Death Toll Rises to 33  BEIJING (Reuters) - Rescue workers have recovered the  bodies of 33 Chinese miners killed when fire swept through a  group of iron mines in the northern region of Inner Mongolia,  state media said on Monday.
U-Va. Upsets Arizona Highly touted freshman Sean Singletary scores 15 points, leading Virginia to a 78-60 victory against No. 10 Arizona.
Chargers Top Raiders Antonio Gates keeps his standout season going with 101 yards and a touchdown as the Chargers drop the Raiders, 23-17, on Sunday.
Liberals Celebrate as Ukraine Waits Poll Result (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of supporters of Ukraine's\opposition leader, Viktor Yushchenko, celebrated on the streets\in the early hours on Monday after an exit poll showed him\winner of a bitterly fought presidential election.
Falcons Spoil Manning's Debut With Giants (AP) AP - Michael Vick ran for 104 yards and threw two first-half touchdown passes to Alge Crumpler to lead the Atlanta Falcons to a 14-10 win over the New York Giants on Sunday, spoiling Manning's first start.
Kennedys Condemn  #39;Despicable #39; JFK Assassination Game A controversial new British-made computer docu-game recreating John F Kennedys assassination has been branded despicable by aides to the late presidents brother.
No. 24 Maryland Beats Siena 73-52 (AP) AP - Shay Doron scored 21 points to lead No. 24 Maryland past Siena 73-52 on Sunday.
Manning Falls Short in Debut for Giants Michael Vick ran for 104 yards and threw two first-half touchdown passes to Alge Crumpler, spoiling Eli Manning's first start.
Exit Poll: Challenger Leads in Ukraine (AP) AP - An exit poll and initial early returns from abroad Sunday showed opposition challenger Viktor Yushchenko heading to a commanding victory in Ukraine's presidential run-off, which pitted the Western-leaning reformer against the Kremlin-praised prime minister in a vote many feared would turn violent.
U.S. Forces Kill Four in Afghanistan (AP) AP - U.S.-led troops mounted overnight raids on suspected al-Qaida compounds in eastern Afghanistan, killing four people and detaining several others, officials said Sunday. The U.S. military said "several Arab fighters" were among the suspects killed or detained in the operation in Nangarhar province, although a local official said only Afghans survived.
Dollar Near Record Lows, No G20 Support  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar was near record lows against  the euro and a multi-year low versus the yen on Monday after a  meeting of the Group of 20 rich and developing nations produced  no coordinated stance to stem the dollar's decline.
Greenspan Saps Stocks, Dlr Teeters  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The dollar sagged early on Monday,  helping to send Asian exporters' shares sharply lower, after a  meeting of the Group of 20 rich and developing nations said  nothing to arrest its fall.
MG Rover to slash directors #39; pension payments by 90 MG ROVERS controversial directors pension trust is to be substantially scaled back as the company nears the final stages of a vital partnership that will give 
Japan #39;s Nikkei 225, Topix Decline; Kyocera Corp., Canon Drop Japanese stock benchmarks fell. The Nikkei 225 Stock Average lost 126.43, or 1.1 percent, to 10,956.41 at 9:02 am in Tokyo. The broader Topix index dropped 11.04, or 1 percent, to 1098.73.
NFL's Jamal Lewis Leaves Ravens' Victory (Reuters) Reuters - Baltimore Ravens running back\Jamal Lewis left in the first quarter of a 30-10 victory over\Dallas on Sunday due to a left ankle injury.
Spinning space probe to record the  #39;birth cries #39; of black holes A new space observatory was rocketing into orbit yesterday preparing to scan the universe for the most violent celestial explosions since the Big Bang.
Software now available for the new gaming season Christmas is just around the corner and major computer games software publishers are readying their wares for the festive season. But these latest games are not your typical children #39;s programs.
NBA suspends nine players, Artest for rest of season NBA on Sunday suspended nine players for involving in a melee during Friday #39;s game between Detorit Pistons and Indiana Pacers, with Ron Artest suspended for the rest of the season, 73 games.
Sorenstam signs off in triumph Annika Sorenstam and American Cristie Kerr went head to head in the final round of the ADT Tour Championship yesterday, and it took the first hole of a sudden 
Wright defends title by beating Mosely in rematch LAS VEGAS: Ronald Winky Wright used an effective right jab to retain his WBA and WBC junior middleweight titles, posting a majority decision over former champion Shane Mosley on Saturday.
GOLF: TIGER WIN ENDS NIGHTMARE RUN TIGER WOODS lifted his first strokeplay trophy in 13 months yesterday with an eight-shot victory in the Dunlop Phoenix tournament.
Ronaldinho #39;s genius signals a power shift Ronaldinho was so in the groove before kick-off that he actually danced in the tunnel. Barcelona #39;s catalyst did not just flick out a leg, so loosening limbs for imminent exertion against Real Madrid.
Seahawks 24, Dolphins 17 Boulware intercepted a pass by AJ Feeley and returned it 63 yards for a touchdown with 56 seconds remaining, lifting the Seahawks to a 24-17 win over the Miami Dolphins on Sunday.
NFL Game Summary - Washington at Philadelphia Owens didn #39;t catch a pass in the first half, the first time all season he has gone without a reception in any half. His 13 touchdowns tied a club record accomplished three other times, most recently by Mike 
Steelers defeat Bengals Bettis ran for 129 yards and the Steelers #39; blitzing defence created havoc Sunday, setting up a 19-14 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals that kept the NFL #39;s longest winning streak growing.
Israel to give Powell pledge on West Bank troop cuts Israel is expected to promise Colin Powell, the US Secretary of State, today that it will take steps to facilitate Palestinian elections planned for January, including a cutback of its military presence in the West Bank.
Jet crashes into frozen lake in China, killing 54 A commuter jet bound for Shanghai crashed into a frozen lake in a park just seconds after take-off from Baotou City Airport in Inner Mongolia yesterday, killing all 53 people on board and one on the ground.
Iran stands by nuclear pledge TEHRAN: Iran pledged yesterday it was still committed to suspending parts of its sensitive nuclear activities as of today and that alarm over its last minute uranium conversion activities was merely US  quot;propaganda quot;.
Clarke ends feud with Charles over  #39;social utopianism #39; Prince Charles will today make the highly unusual move of publicly addressing the furore unleashed by his leaked memo to say the it is a  quot;travesty of the truth quot; to suggest he said people should know their place.
New clashes in Nepal claim 34 KATHMANDU: Nepali troops killed at least 21 Maoist rebels and lost 13 soldiers in gunbattles across the Himalayan kingdom, officials said yesterday.
A plague of locusts CAIRO: Swarms of locusts are causing a panic among farmers and children who wonder when the next biblical plague would strike. The pests have worked their way north into Israel since crossing the Egyptian 
Vick Runs Past Giants Michael Vick runs for 104 yards and threw two first-half touchdown passes to Alge Crumpler to lead the Falcons to a 14-10 triumph over the Giants on Sunday.
PeopleSoft shareholders back Oracle bid Oracle Corp CEO Larry Ellison won the backing of PeopleSoft Inc shareholders for his US\$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid, taking him a step closer to clinching the deal after a 17-month fight.
Some Executives Can #39;t Take a Hint CQ quot; gt; Walt Disney Company shareholders might have done a double take when their chief executive, Michael D. Eisner, testified in court last week about the brief tenure of his friend, Michael S. Ovitz, as company president.
Juicy matchup is one to savor This is a matchup that makes you think all's right with the sports world after all. The 2005 Orange Bowl is the comfort food of athletic events.
Hughes cheered by remarkable comeback Booed off at the interval by their lowest Premiership crowd of the season, Blackburn Rovers earned a rousing send-off an hour later for salvaging an unlikely point at the expense of a bemused Birmingham.
FOX NFL SUNDAY SHOWCASE: Week 11 Jimmy Johnson evaluates the untraditional, yet often spectacular play of Atlanta Falcons QB Michael Vick:  quot;Although Vick has good pocket presence, he is not and will never be a traditional drop-back quarterback.
Weak finish wastes Lions #39; roaring start For a good part of the afternoon Sunday, the Lions played like a team on a mission. They got a quick lead on Eddie Drummond #39;s 92-yard kickoff return touchdown.
SINN FEIN LEADER REGRETS BOMBS The political arm of the Irish Republican Army #39;s says it regrets the series of pub bombings that killed 21 people in 1974. Speaking on the 30th anniversary of the killings, Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams 
Harriet Rubin How much of the antagonism between Disney CEO Michael Eisner and former No. 2 Michael Ovitz is really over money? Both have testified about their rocky relationship during a trial in which stockholders are 
Nikkei follows dollar down Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 average is down more than two percent by mid-morning Monday after the dollar #39;s tumble against the yen hit tech firms and exporters.
Fed audit rules cost firms cash and time Champion Enterprises Inc. produces and sells manufactured homes across the nation. It is no Enron Corp. But because of the infamous energy company and other corporate wrongdoers that spawned the Sarbanes-Oxley 
Gates Believes Spam Will Be Eliminated Within Two Years Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates believes spam will be a thing of the past within two years. He did not elaborate on his definition of spam.
FIFA investigates racist heckling at soccer games TONY EASTLEY: There #39;s a debate raging within the world of international soccer following last week #39;s racist heckling by Spanish fans of black players in the English team.
Phantoms extend win streak to 14 games with 4-3 overtime win PROVIDENCE, RI (CP) - Jon Sim scored in overtime for the second night in a row as the Philadelphia Phantoms won their 14th straight AHL game, 4-3 over the Providence Bruins in front of 5,812 spectators Sunday.
Celtics Snap Sonics' 9-Game Win Streak (AP) AP - Ricky Davis scored 25 points and Paul Pierce added 17 points and 10 rebounds on Sunday to lead the Boston Celtics to a 102-83 victory over Seattle and snap the SuperSonics' nine-game winning streak.
Adams stops short of apology As survivors of the 1974 Birmingham pub bombings joined hundreds of others at a service in the city yesterday to mark the 30th anniversary of the terrorist attacks, the Sinn Fein president, Gerry 
NFL Wrap: Bettis Sinks Bengals in Steelers Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jerome Bettis ran for 129 yards and  the Pittsburgh Steelers used a stifling defense to edge the  host Cincinnati Bengals 19-14 for their eighth straight win  Sunday.
Rwanda snubs UN forces in DR Congo Rwanda tells the UN Security Council its plans to disarm rebels across the border in DR Congo will not work.
Parents back anti-bully campaign Parents say school bullying is a major concern for them and that more should be done to tackle the problem.
James Hardie Earnings to Miss Estimates on Boycott (Update2) James Hardie Industries NV, Australia #39;s fourth-biggest building materials maker, said full-year profit will miss analysts #39; estimates because of boycotts by unions protesting the handling of asbestos compensation.
Seahawks reclaim first place in NFC West Rookie Michael Boulware saved the game for the Seattle Seahawks. Maybe the season, too. Boulware intercepted a pass by AJ Feeley and returned it 63 yards for a touchdown with 56 seconds remaining 
Grin and Bear it: Manning and James lead Colts to another rout Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Peyton Manning threw four touchdown passes and Edgerrin James ran for 204 yards with a score, as the Indianapolis Colts rolled to a 41-10 victory over the Chicago Bears at Soldier Field.
Raps use miracle comeback to edge Spurs TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto Raptors produced their biggest fourth-quarter comeback in franchise history on Sunday - and Vince Carter wasn #39;t part of it.
Heat Top 76ers, Stay Unbeaten in East (AP) AP - Dwyane Wade scored 25 points and the Miami Heat remained unbeaten against Eastern Conference opponents by beating the short-handed Philadelphia 76ers 93-83 Sunday night.
Powell Wants Mideast Foes to Smooth Way to Election Secretary of State Colin Powell on Monday will invest US prestige in a new Middle East peace drive, pressing Israeli and Palestinian leaders alike for steps to help Palestinians elect a new president.
International Creditors to Cancel Most Iraqi Debt The Paris Club of international creditors has agreed to cancel 80 percent of the debt Iraq owes member countries. Officials say the deal, brokered in Berlin, is worth about \$33 billion.
Orange Guard Edelin Returns to Practice (AP) AP - Syracuse point guard Billy Edelin returned to the team on Sunday for the first time in nine months.
Gutsy victory is sum of Titans #39; spare parts JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Andre Dyson was it. Of the Tennessee Titans #39; starting secondary to open the season -- including the nickel and dime players -- Dyson was the last one standing in the fourth quarter of Sunday #39;s game with the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Chavez names oil chief as FM Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez named Ali Rodriguez, chief of the state-run oil company PDVSA, as the country #39;s new foreign minister, local media quoted government sources as saying on Sunday.
APEC #39;s importance never greater The theme of the 12th Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation (APEC) leaders #39; meeting -  quot;One Community, Our Future quot; - is a reflection of the members #39; strong will to promote regional economic dynamism and a sense of unity.
Three on Pats Buses Injured in Accident (AP) AP - Three people traveling with the New England Patriots received minor injuries Sunday when two of their buses collided as they made their way to the team's hotel.
Sorenstam trumps Kerr IT TOOK an extra hole for Annika Sorenstam to shake off American Cristie Kerr in the ADT Tour Championship at Trump International in West Palm Beach, Florida, yesterday, but a victory worth \$215,000 (120,000) was a fitting end to another season that has 
Colts outclass Bears in one-sided track meet Chicago - The Bears needed a perfect performance to beat the Colts and came away with a 41-10 defeat in their poorest showing under Lovie Smith.
Strong Earthquake Kills One in Caribbean (AP) AP - A strong earthquake rocked the Caribbean islands of Dominica and Guadeloupe early Sunday, killing a child, destroying numerous homes and knocking out power to thousands of people.
Powell to Seek US Aid for Palestinians Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, arriving in Israel for his first visit in a year and a half, said Sunday that he would work with Palestinian leaders to come up 
Gaza out of control We are entering a very dangerous time. Everyone has their own gun and there is no one person in control.. BY ANDREW METZ. GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- The young men wore hostile expressions and carried guns 
Hopes fade for 58 missing after Philippines storm toll rises to eight (AFP) AFP - Hopes are fading for 58 fishermen missing at sea after a powerful storm that slammed into the Philippines, left eight people dead and tens of thousands homeless.
Online Insurance Bids May Rise Some industry analysts say an ongoing insurance bid-rigging scandal -- combined with rising health-care costs -- will build demand for online bidding on insurance policies.
Japan #39;s Nikkei 225, Topix Set for Biggest Drops in Six Months Japanese stocks dropped, with benchmarks poised for their biggest slides in six months. Exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp. led decline after the dollar plunged to its lowest against 
HK PRESS: Hutchison Chmn Eyes Good  #39;05, Promises Pay Rise HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hutchison Whampoa Ltd. (0013.HK) Chairman Li Ka-shing said the company #39;s overall financial outlook for 2005 is good and employees could look forward to a pay rise for next year, the South China Morning Post reports.
GOLDBERG: Manning Improves During Game (AP) AP - One play demonstrated the star Eli Manning can become. Another play, a few minutes later, showed that he's still a rookie.
Dell, Gateway Settle into the Living Room  quot;If you are talking about the media center PC in the family room, it #39;s going to be a disappointing experience, quot; Gartner research vice president Martin Reynolds told TechNewsWorld.
Powell #39;s Middle East mission COLIN Powell arrived in Israel last night for his first visit in 18 months, signalling a new push for Middle East peace following the death of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Bilateral flexibility urged for solution: Musharraf says Pakistan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAHORE, Nov 20: President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday ruled out any unilateral stepping back by Pakistan from its historical stand over Kashmir and asked India to show courage 
WADA Sanctions \$1.47 Million Rise in Expenditure  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)  has approved a \$1.47 million increase in its expenditure budget  for next year.
For Artest, Today's Troubles Took Root Years Ago It often seems Ron Artest cannot help being at the center of a storm.
Bush stands up for strong dollar President George W Bush reaffirms his commitment to a strong US dollar and pledges to halve the budget deficit.
Survey: Gas prices drop as consumption goes down CAMARILLO, Calif. Gas prices at the pump declined over the past two weeks. An industry analyst says a seasonal drop in consumption and lower crude oil prices contributed to the drop.
US Treasuries steady after fall on Greenspan 0133 GMT - US Treasuries steady in early Asia after falling in previous US session on Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s comments that interest rates were headed higher.
Shanghai #39;s gain might be Birmingham #39;s loss For Rover, a once revered but now sullied brand name, it represents what one insider calls  quot;the last-chance saloon quot;. For China, a nascent economic superpower, it could be the start of a new phase as a global player in the world auto market.
A Mogul #39;s Migraine When Rupert Murdoch arrived at the election-night party at his Fox News network in Manhattan, he was met by long faces. His executives worried that Murdoch, the president #39;s biggest booster 
Virus chaos thwarted by poor social engineering The latest variant of the Sober virus was released on Friday and has been spreading over the weekend, but antivirus experts say the situation could have been much worse.
Victorious Wright has a nod and wink for Trinidad Ronald  quot;Winky quot; Wright confirmed his status as the world #39;s No1 light-middleweight when he scored a majority points verdict to retain the World Boxing Association and World Boxing Council versions of the title against Shane Mosley at the Mandalay Bay in Las 
WADA Sanctions \$1.47 Million Rise in Expenditure The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) has approved a \$1.47 million increase in its expenditure budget for next year. The rise will lift WADA #39;s budget to \$21.7 million, the Montreal-based 
Ageless Allen scores two TDs as Argonauts upset Lions 27-19 in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Twenty-year veteran Damon Allen ran in two touchdowns and passed for another as the Toronto Argonauts defeated the BC Lions 27-19 in the Grey Cup game on Sunday night.
Kiwis crumble to McGrath Australia, inspired by a rejuvenated Glenn McGrath, skittled New Zealand out for a paltry 76 in their second innings to win the first Test by an innings and 156 runs in Brisbane.
NBA Brawl Quote Box (AP) AP - Reaction to the suspensions handed down by NBA commissioner David Stern on Sunday, two days after a brawl between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons:
Bush welcoming word of debt relief and elections SANTIAGO, Chile President Bush is welcoming word that Iraq will hold elections in January -- and that a big chunk of the country #39;s debt is being forgiven.
Talks set for China free trade TALKS on a free trade agreement with China will begin in March, opening a porthole to the world #39;s biggest market. An Asia-Pacific regional trade agreement, potentially worth more than \$190 billion, also looks more likely than ever before.
Woman hostage is released in Iraq: World News: A Polish woman held hostage in Iraq since late October has been set free and flown back to Warsaw reports BBC. BBC also says making a surprise appearance at a press conference alongside the Polish 
Sikhs to mark anniversary ISLAMABAD: Hundreds of Indian Sikhs arrived in Pakistan yesterday to commemorate the 535th anniversary of the birth of the founder of their religion, officials said.
Australia migration focus shifts from Asia to Europe (AFP) AFP - Australia is now accepting more migrants from English-speaking nations than Southeast Asia for the first time since John Howard's Government came to power in 1996, new data shows.
Stocks Sink, Dlr Steadies Above 103 Yen  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Fears of further dollar weakness sent  shares in Asian exporters sharply lower on Monday, after a  meeting of the Group of 20 rich and developing nations said  nothing to arrest its fall.
Music Industry Is Trying Out New Releases as Digital Only Universal has signed a handful of artists to a digital-only record label. Starting Tuesday, it will release songs through online services like iTunes.
Upscale Flavors on Chicago's North Side Restaurants with laid-back style arrive on the North Side of Chicago.
US risks a downhill dollar disaster George Bush #39;s foreign policy is simple: don #39;t mess with America. The same, it appears, applies to economic policy as well.
Official Says Deferral Strategy Fails Amtrak Amtrak #39;s strategy of scraping by on limited budgets by deferring crucial capital investments  quot;is no longer workable, quot; according to the inspector general of the Transportation 
Ambanis set up talks Nov. 21: A family meeting of the Ambanis is likely to take place tomorrow within hours of Mukesh Ambanis return from the US. In a TV interview aired a few days ago, Mukesh had said there were ownership issues within the family.
It #39;s a Family Affair In a boardroom struggle that is as much about legacy concerns as about control, media titans Rupert Murdoch and John Malone are sparring over the prized assets of News Corp.
Playing Games in Your 20 #39;s? Nintendo Is Onto You For the last several years, Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo have fought over an audience for console video games that is growing older and more mainstream.
NBA Gets Tough After Near-Riot NBA Commissioner David Stern handed down three of the stiffest suspensions in the league #39;s history after a wild fan-player melee Friday night in Detroit.
Boumsongs plea for peace JEAN-ALAIN Boumsong, who appeared an oasis of calm within Saturday #39;s maelstrom at Ibrox, has urged the Old Firm combatants to disregard any vendettas and restore sanity before the teams collide again.
Big Ben pressured, but responds Ben Roethlisberger knows he #39;s lived a charmed life. Of his first seven NFL victories, four of the games were at home. He #39;s worked with the lead so much that he only trailed for 14 minutes of the previous three games.
Jets #39; Martin Ties Sanders #39; NFL Mark CLEVELAND - New York Jets running back Curtis Martin on Sunday became the second player in NFL history to begin his career with 10 straight 1,000-yard seasons.
Leader of Peru group in standoff surrenders; troops mobilize ANDAHUAYLAS, Peru -- The leader of a paramilitary nationalist group that seized a police station, took 10 officers hostage and allegedly killed four more surrendered late last night as security forces launched an offensive against his followers, an Interior Ministry official said.
Iran promises to meet nuke deadline Iran has promised to suspend its nuclear enrichment program by Monday #39;s deadline, the BBC reported. The head of Iran #39;s nuclear energy organization said work would stop at two 
Sorenstam Needs a Playoff to Beat Kerr The ADT Championship was an intense battle between Cristie Kerr and Annika Sorenstam, who won her eighth L.P.G.A. event this season.
NBA #39;s longest suspensions Here is the list of longest suspensions in NBA history for on-court incidents. Note: does not include the immediate suspension (one game) handed down today: 72 games-x - Ron Artest, Indiana Pacers, (for the 
New systems success has let designer prove a point Opinion raged even before NASCAR chairman Brian France unveiled the Nextel Cup championship format in January. As the sun rises in South Florida, 1 of 
NBA ROUNDUP Raptors Rally Late With Carter Sitting By The Associated Press. With Vince Carter playing the worst basketball of his career, Lamond Murray picked up the slack. Murray scored all 13 of his points in the fourth quarter yesterday 
PLO to press Powell on road map Palestinian leaders will tell Colin Powell, the US secretary of state, who is visiting the occupied territories today, that they want the Bush administration to commit itself to the creation of a Palestinian state by the end of next year.
Federer Defends Master Cup With 13th Win (AP) AP - Top-seeded Roger Federer won a record 13th straight final Sunday, beating Lleyton Hewitt 6-3, 6-2 in the title match of the ATP Masters Cup.
Pulitzer Hired Banker to Explore Sale  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc.  confirmed on Sunday it hired a financial adviser to help it  explore strategic options, including a possible sale of the  company.
Pulitzer Hired Banker to Explore Sale Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. confirmed on Sunday it hired a financial adviser to help it explore strategic options, including a possible sale of the company.
Amtrak Infrastructure On Brink, DOT Warns The national passenger rail service risks a  quot;major point of failure quot; if infrastructure needs remain unaddressed, the US Department of Transportation warned in a scathing report made public today.
San Francisco Hotel Workers to Return Unionized workers have reached an agreement with a group representing 14 luxury hotels to end an eight-week lockout, allowing about 4,000 maids, bellhops 
Improved  #39;Halo 2 #39; has multiplayer mode The first Halo game sold quite a few Xboxes (we know a few Xbox owners who don #39;t appear to play any other titles on their consoles), and Halo 2 clocked \$125 million in sales on its first day in stores.
Yahoo doubles e-mail storage limits Yahoo Inc is more than doubling its limits on free e-mail storage in its latest move to combat two of its biggest rivals, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp.
NBA Meltdown Provides Blame Aplenty It began with Ron Artest, a player who has undergone anger-management counseling and who last season alone was suspended six times.
England win World Cup England have won the WGC-World Cup for the second time in 50 years, thanks to the heroics of former Walker Cup and current Ryder Cup stars Paul Casey and Luke Donald.
Yorke accuses Blackburn fans of racist abuse An otherwise wonderful advert for English football was blemished by racism yesterday. As Dwight Yorke, a second-half substitute for Birmingham, warmed up on the touchline of his former club two or, possibly 
Eredivisie Wrap: Feyenoord Slip Up Three of the top four teams in the Erevisie recorded comfortable wins this weekend, with Feyenoord the exception after they crashed to a 2-1 defeat at home to FC Groningen.
Cavaliers Shock No. 10 Wildcats Throughout the last month, the Virginia Cavaliers told anyone who would listen that their goals this basketball season far exceed the low expectations outsiders hold for them.
Kings Rally Past Bucks for 5th Win in Row Milwaukee Bucks guard Eric Strickland (20) shoots in a crowd of Sacramento Kings defenders Brad Miller, left, Darius Songaila (25) and Doug Christie, right, during the first half in Sacramento, Calif.
McNabb Tosses Aside Sluggish Start and Lifts Philadelphia For the first half of the Eagles #39; game against the Washington Redskins on Sunday, Donovan McNabb looked like a quarterback with a hangover from last week #39;s victory on 
Dollar Near Record Low Vs Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar dangled near a record low  against the euro on Monday after a meeting of the Group of 20  rich and developing nations produced no coordinated stance to  stem the U.S. currency's decline.
Bush hails Iraq debts reduction by Pairs Club The United States on Sunday applauded the decision by the Paris Club on slashing Iraq #39;s debts and urged other countries to follow suit.
Iraqi Premier urges Sunni Muslims to join elections BAGHDAD - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi yesterday met the leaders of the Sunni Muslim Waqf (religious endowment) ahead of the country #39;s first free elections in decades.
Chavez calls for anti-terror plan after killing of state attorney Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has ordered the development of new anti-terror legislation, just days after one of the government #39;s top prosecutors was killed by a car bomb.
Ruling party retains Namibia presidency Namibia #39;s ruling party retained the presidency and its two-thirds majority in parliament in a landslide victory in last week #39;s elections, officials said Sunday.
Paul McCartney to Headline Super Bowl Show (AP) AP - Paul McCartney will headline the Super Bowl halftime show on Feb. 6 as the NFL goes mainstream after the controversy over last January's show.
Kings Rally Past Bucks for 5th Win in Row (AP) AP - Peja Stojakovic scored 12 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter and the Sacramento Kings made a late rally for their fifth straight victory, 88-79 over the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday night.
Some rely on boats in Maldives KOLHUFUSHI ISLAND, Maldives -- Residents of this low-lying atoll are being forced to seek refuge on the sea more than a week after it destroyed their homes.
Volcano Erupts in Southern Colombia, Ignites Fires (Reuters) Reuters - The Galeras volcano in\southern Colombia erupted on Sunday, spraying rocks and\starting short-lived forest fires, but no injuries were\reported, the government said.
More Than 60 Nations to Protect Sharks (AP) AP - More than 60 countries agreed Sunday to ban the killing of sharks for their fins in the Atlantic Ocean, a move that conservationists hope will increase protection of threatened species around the world.
N.B.A. Hands Tough Penalties to Players Involved in Brawl The Pacers' Ron Artest was suspended for the season, and two of his teammates must sit out for a combined 55 games.
Present Imperfect, Future Is Manning Eli Manning had a chance, after a shaky start and a resurgent second half, to drive the Giants to a winning touchdown, but fell short in the final minute.
Ugly Victory Redeems Carter in a Game of Second Chances Winning behind Quincy Carter - who completed 11 of 20 passes for 116 yards - might have assuaged the Jets' concerns about him as the backup quarterback.
New row threatens top EU body A new row engulfs European Commission over an undisclosed conviction of one of its members.
Bloody Sunday inquiry nearing end The Bloody Sunday inquiry enters its final phase as  the counsel to the inquiry begins his closing speech.
Giving the Law a Religious Perspective The Rev. Jerry Falwell's Liberty University is part of a movement around the nation that brings a religious perspective to the law.
Mids Go Bowling Navy's football team will announce Monday whether it will accept a bowl bid from the Emerald Bowl or consider inquiries from four other bowls.
Grunfeld Backs Action Wizards president of basketball operations Ernie Grunfeld agrees with the NBA Commissioner David Stern's level of punishment for the Pacers-Pistons brawl.
Iraq Force Likely to Grow Officials say they will need a further increase in combat forces to put down remaining areas of resistance.
Iraqi Election Set for Jan. 30 The balloting, however, remains imperiled by calls for a Sunni Muslim boycott and a persistent insurgency that has roiled Sunni regions.
Connecticut Crashes Early North Carolina closes with a 16-5 run to upset Connecticut, 71-65, the three-time defending national champions' earliest loss since 1995.
Bush Signs Bill to Keep Government Going President Bush on Sunday signed a stopgap spending bill that keeps the government running while Congress sorts out remaining issues related to a more permanent federal spending package.
Justice Is Too Light It's too bad Stern stopped at 30 games for Ron Artest's Indiana teammate Stephen Jackson, who should have been kicked out for the rest of the season, too.
Microsoft Targets Older People for Web Via TV  SEATTLE (Reuters) - For people trying to get their aging  parents on the Web so they can read e-mail and get digital  photos of the family, Microsoft Corp. has a message: Don't give  up.
Iraq looks to world for approval An international conference aimed at supporting the Iraqi political process begins in Egypt.
Cable's Rivals Lure Customers With Packages Cables two hungry rivals  phone companies and satellite providers  are stealing cables disgruntled customers with cheaper all-in-one packages that bundle TV with Internet and phone services.
Silent bells For many of us, it just isn #39;t the holiday season until we see the bright red kettles go up and smiling bell ringers plying their trade outside local merchants.
Humans Well-Suited for Running It may be hard to believe in these days of driving the SUV to the corner store, but people are actually pretty fast on their feet, and endurance running may have played an important role in human evolution.
Lions #39; Printers sits and watches OTTAWA (CP) - In the end, Wally Buono #39;s decision to start Dave Dickenson at quarterback Sunday ahead of the CFL #39;s most outstanding player Casey Printers probably didn #39;t have much of an effect on the outcome of the 92nd Grey Cup.
Jets (Eventually) Down Browns, 10-7 For more than three quarters on Sunday, it appeared as if the Jets wouldnt find the end zone if it was loaded with uranium and Quincy Carter was armed with a Geiger counter.
Thousands Flee Clashes in East Congo - U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of civilians have fled\their homes after clashes in the east of Democratic Republic of\Congo, the United Nations' humanitarian arm said on Friday.
Crawford Outshines James With His 24 Points and Long-Distance Shots Just as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers seemed ready to swipe the game from the Knicks, Jamal Crawford began to sink one shot after another.
Internet Retailers Reaching Out to Mailbox Surfers E-commerce sites have been dabbling in catalogs for the past few years, but now theyre getting more serious, with more sites mailing more catalogs than ever.
Playing Games in Your 20's? Nintendo Is Onto You Nintendo is hoping that the Nintendo DS will win over older, more sophisticated gamers.
Oracle Will Take Its Quest Back to Court Oracle will continue its pursuit of PeopleSoft this week, asking a judge to dismantle one of the last obstacles to a deal.
Computers as Authors? Literary Luddites Unite! A computer program known as Brutus.1 is generating brief outbursts of fiction that are probably superior to what many humans could turn out.
Radio One Makes Its Move  Radio One Inc. chief executive Alfred Liggins III agreed last night to buy a controlling stake in radio personality Tom Joyner's media company for \$56 million, furthering his attempt to turn the radio company his mother began out of a trailer 24 years ago into a diversified media group aimed at the black community.
Building a Medical Data Network Digital patient records could become building blocks in a nationwide biomedical computer network for assembling and distributing up-to-the-minute studies of disease.
Update 1: Pulitzer Inc. Says It #39;s Considering Sale Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. said Sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
Update 1: AirAsia Makes Solid Stock Market Debut AirAsia Bhd., the first low-cost carrier to be listed in Southeast Asia, made a solid debut Monday on the Malaysian stock exchange, while company officials said they #39;ll decide within two months on plans to acquire 40 new aircraft.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks Plunge; Dollar Trades Lower Tokyo stocks plunged more than 2 percent Monday morning and the US dollar traded just above its four-and-half-year lows against the yen, following a dollar selloff in New York on concerns over the swollen US trade deficit.
Suspensions greeted locally with outrage, suspicion Ryan Carrell of Carmel will be at Conseco Fieldhouse Tuesday night for the Pacers #39; game against Boston. He #39;ll have with him a petition he #39;d like Pacers fans to sign before sending it to NBA commissioner David Stern.
Burmese 'forgotten,' aid workers say BANGKOK, Thailand -- Thai survivors of Asia's tsunami disaster have complained they are second-class victims, with foreign tourists getting the best care. Now aid officials say a third class of victims in Thailand has emerged: migrant workers from Burma.
Kings 88 Bucks 79 SACRAMENTO, Calif. Peja Stojakovic (PAY #39;-zhah stoy-AH #39;-koh-vich) scored 12 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter and the Sacramento Kings rallied for their fifth straight victory, 88-to-79 over Milwaukee.
North Carolina pulls shocker on No. 4 Connecticut Connecticut missed shots, made turnovers and struggled at the free throw line. None of the mistakes caught coach Geno Auriemma off guard.
Crawford #39;s hot hand halts Cavs #39; streak NEW YORK - Judging merely by the motion Jamal Crawford was using on his jump shot, it was clear he had leapt into the realm players call The Zone.
NBA-Raptors Produce Thrilling Comeback Win (Reuters) Reuters - Rafer Alston contributed 20 points, 11\assists and seven rebounds and Lamond Murray scored 13 points\in the fourth quarter as the Toronto Raptors rallied from a\huge deficit to upset the San Antonio Spurs 96-91 Sunday.
55 Killed In Chinese Plane Crash Beijing, Nov. 22 (NNN) : All the 53 people on board and two on the ground were killed as a plane crashed into a frozen lake in northern China.
Iraqis not interested in Sharm el-Sheikh conference The Iraqis, who still suffer from the worsening security situation, are hardly interested in an international conference on Iraq to be held in the Egyptian Red Searesort of Sharm el-Sheikh on Nov 22-23.
NBA-Raptors Produce Thrilling Comeback Win  TORONTO (Reuters) - Rafer Alston contributed 20 points, 11  assists and seven rebounds and Lamond Murray scored 13 points  in the fourth quarter as the Toronto Raptors rallied from a  huge deficit to upset the San Antonio Spurs 96-91 Sunday.
Japanese Banking Group Mizuho Reports Dip Mizuho, one of Japan #39;s four biggest banking groups, reported Monday that group net profit for the first fiscal half fell 8.4 percent from the previous year, despite some progress in getting rid of bad debts.
Retail #39;s Little Guys Come Back Who #39;s afraid of Wal-Mart? Specialty retailers and chains with unique lines are thriving by offering shoppers what the big-box stores can #39;t.
More corporate whistleblowers sing A 2002 congressional law adds protection for corporate tattletales, but few of them gain such status from US courts. By Adam Geller / Associated Press.
NASA HUNTS BLACK HOLES NASA has launched the fastest-swivelling space observatory ever built to hunt the cosmos for clues to violent celestial explosions that some astronomers believe mark the birth of black holes.
SpaceShipOne named Time #39;s  #39;Invention of the Year #39; The first privately financed manned rocket to fly into space has been named Time magazine #39;s Invention of the Year. #39; #39;.
Federer wins epic tie-break to reach final Houston, Nov 22 - World number one and defending champion Roger Federer won an epic 20-18 tie-break to seal a 6-3 7-6 win over Marat Safin and place in the Masters Cup final.
Kerr #39;s career at crossroads WEST PALM BEACH - Cristie Kerr is about as good as any female golfer on the planet whose name isn #39;t Annika Sorenstam.  quot;I was born to do this, quot; Kerr said Sunday afternoon while walking across the parking 
In The Fast Lane: Busch wins NASCAR title HOMESTEAD, Fla. -- Kurt Busch got his first big break in NASCAR by winning a 1999 talent audition nicknamed  quot;The Gong Show. quot; He was selected from dozens of unknown, young race drivers to work for one of the sport #39;s most famous team owners, Jack Roush.
Fog delays start of play in Kanpur test Dense fog delayed the start of the third day #39;s play in the first test between India and South Africa on Monday. The visibility was improving but the groundsmen were busy mopping 
Manning shows promise despite losing first NFL start EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- By their very nature, little brothers have a lifetime #39;s worth of experience coming up a little short, but you got the feeling watching Eli Manning on Sunday at Giants Stadium that he grew even in defeat.
Packers Sherman #39;s Theory: Practice Sherman #39;s theory: Practice Houston Mike Sherman eased back into his seat as the Green Bay Packers #39; charter flight waited on the tarmac preparing to depart the Buffalo airport, but there was nothing the least bit comforting about his situation.
AUSTRALIA TO FORGIVE IRAQI DEBT The deal is part of a new international agreement to forgive 80 per cent of Iraq #39;s international debt, amounting to a total of about \$150 billion.
Powell starts new Middle East peace efforts Outgoing US Secretary of State Collin Powell arrived in Israel late Sunday as part of the international efforts to revive the stalled Middle East peace process amid continued violence in the region.
Asia-Pacific leaders close summit Santiago (VNA) - The two-day summit meeting of the Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum closed in Chile on Sunday, declaring their concerted efforts to ensure sustainable growth, trade and security.
Controversy over Arafat #39;s medical file Paris: The widow of Yasser Arafat has questioned the right of his nephew to receive a copy of the medical file of the late Palestinian leader.
Washington expects  #39;message of unity #39; on Iraq from conference WASHINGTON, Nov 21 (AFP) - Washington expects this week #39;s international conference on Iraq to send a strong and unified message of support for the country, according to Secretary of State Colin Powell, who is to attend the meeting.
Stocks Sink, Dlr Steadies Above 103 Yen (Reuters) Reuters - Fears of further dollar weakness sent\shares in Asian exporters sharply lower on Monday, after a\meeting of the Group of 20 rich and developing nations said\nothing to arrest its fall.
Hardie boycotts start to bite BOYCOTTS of James Hardie building products over the company #39;s handling of asbestos liabilities were beginning to hurt sales in Australia, the company said today.
France #39;s Industrial Power Trip In so many ways, French politician and presidential aspirant Nicolas Sarkozy is a breath of fresh air in French and European politics.
Techbits: AOL security, Digital archives, Dual-network phones &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; America Online Inc. is packaging new features to combat viruses, spam and spyware in response to growing online security threats. Subscribers will be able to get the free tools 
VICK SHATTERS ELI #39;S DEBUT DREAMS Michael Vick did enough to make sure that Eli Manning #39;s first start as the quarterback of the New York Giants did not have a fairytale ending.
Tiger #39;s swing clicks for first win in 20 attempts Tiger Woods yesterday won his first tournament since February and his first stroke-play event for 13 months, saying he feels the swing changes he has made are now starting to pay off.
NFL Game Summary - Green Bay at Houston Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Brett Favre engineered three scoring drives in the fourth quarter, the final one ending with a 46-yard field goal by Ryan Longwell as time expired, to lift the Green Bay Packers to a 16-13 victory over the Houston Texans.
Martin #39;s Presence Drives the Jets Knowing he was too hurt to be effective, running back Curtis Martin still wanted to be in the huddle as the New York Jets attempted to rally in the fourth quarter against the Cleveland Browns.
Nowitzki Injures Ankle Against Nuggets (AP) AP - All-Star forward Dirk Nowitzki had to be helped to the Dallas locker room after twisting his left ankle Sunday night against the Denver Nuggets.
Bush calls for broader Iraq debt relief SANTIAGO, Nov 21 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush on Sunday welcomed newly scheduled Iraq elections and a deal to shave billions of dollars off the war-torn country #39;s debt, calling on all creditors to follow suit.
Black box missing as investigators look into cause of China plane &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - Investigators in China are searching for clues as to the cause of a plane crash that killed 54 people, but after more than 24 hours of efforts they have still not located the crucial black box.
Man to face trial in Hookes case A 22-year-old hotel bouncer has been ordered to stand trial over the death of former Australian Test cricketer David Hookes. Zdravco Micevic has pleaded innocent to charges of manslaughter and assault.
Thirty-Three Chinese Miners Dead in Blaze (AP) AP - A fire at a complex of iron mines in northern China killed at least 33 miners and trapped another 28, state media reported Monday.
Radio One Makes Move CEO Alfred Liggins III to buy a controlling stake in radio personality Tom Joyner's media company, furthering his attempt to turn the radio company into a diversified media group.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
HGS Picks Watkins as New Chief Executive 20-year product development veteran from Abbott Laboratories will face the challenge of completing Human Genome Sciences' makeover from gene hunter to drug marketer.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
BearingPoint Leader Plans Shake-Up Analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557-person technology consulting firm.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
BearingPoint Leader Plans Shake-Up Analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557-person technology consulting firm.
Mizuho 1st-Half Profit Falls 8 on Fewer Stock Gains (Update1) Mizuho Financial Group Inc., the world #39;s second-largest bank by assets, said first-half profit fell 8 percent after it failed to earn sufficient fee income to make up for reduced gains from stock investments.
Packers Oust Texans 16-13 Green Bay Packers #39; Donald Driver, left, catches a 50-yard pass next to Houston Texans #39; Marcus Coleman (42) in the second quarter Sunday, Nov. 21, 2004, in Houston.
Let #39;s hear it for the Heels Well, I was wrong about North Carolina #39;s matchup with UConn ... and am happy to be wrong. This is not to say anything against UConn.
Utes Forcing Way In TAMPA - Just a few weeks ago, the Utah Utes were building an impassioned case for why they belonged in a Bowl Championship Series game.
Ex-presidents to lead aid effort WASHINGTON -- President Bush, seeking to highlight America's concern over the Asian disaster, named his father and his predecessor yesterday to spearhead a private fund-raising campaign to help victims of last month's tsunamis, calling on Americans to ''contribute as they are able to do so."
Paris Club agrees on Iraq debt reduction A French finance ministry spokesman said the Paris Club of creditor nations had reached a deal yesterday to write off 80 per cent of the debts Iraq owes them.
Tough new laws on terror HOME Secretary David Blunkett yesterday promised sweeping new anti-terror laws if Labour wins an historic third term. He revealed a raft of measures - from jury-less courts for terror trials to allowing wire tap evidence in major cases.
Hu tells Japanese leader his shrine visits are  quot;crux quot; of problem &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO : Chinese President Hu Jintao has told Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi that his visits to a shrine honouring Japan #39;s war dead including war criminals are the  quot;crux quot; of the problem in Sino-Japanese ties.
An Exceptionally "EEVL" Search Resource One of the most respected engineering gateways on the web has just released four new databases providing free access to hundreds of online scientific and technical journals.
Whole Latta heart Geno Auriemma told his team in the locker room that it was a no-win situation. Sylvia Hatchell had been saying just the opposite to her players for weeks.
Raptors rally to drop Spurs TORONTO - Lamond Murray scored all 13 of his points in the fourth quarter, helping the Toronto Raptors overcome a 20-point deficit in the second half to beat the San Antonio Spurs 96-91 yesterday.
Utah Enjoys BCS Celebration While It Can Utah Coach Urban Meyer is a man whose brown eyes boil with intensity. He subscribes to the football adage of taking one game at a time as if it were a directive from Scripture.
Stick-up becomes unstuck at Aussie restaurant Sydney - Bemused diners watched as three hapless thieves unsuccessfully tried to kick open a sliding door in a botched attempt to rob an Australian seafood restaurant, police said on Monday.
Advertisements You Didnt Demand Video-on-demand specials have so far appeared without advertisements. But Fox Cable Networks and Visa plan to try including ads in a show in January.
Pulitzer Inc. says it #39;s considering sale ST. LOUIS - Pulitzer Inc. said Sunday that company officials are considering selling the newspaper publisher to boost shareholder value.
Xstrata makes \$5.8B bid for WMC TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Swiss mining conglomerate Xstrata said Monday it offered to buy the entire issued share capital of major Australian mining company WMC Resources for A\$7.4 billion (\$5.79 billion) in cash.
Crude Oil Little Changed After Gaining on Heating Oil Concern Crude oil futures were little changed in New York after surging 5.4 percent on Nov. 19 on speculation falling temperatures in Europe will boost competition with the US for heating fuel.
Kmart-Sears merger not a cure Kmart Corp. #39;s cheeky proposal to acquire Sears, Roebuck and Co. for \$11 billion may be wowing Wall Street, but it doesn #39;t do anything to fix the serious problems afflicting two 
Newton ranked safest city in America Camden, NJ, has become the nation #39;s most-dangerous city, while at the other end of the spectrum, Newton, Mass., ranks as the safest city, according to a company #39;s yearly ranking based on crime statistics.
Malaysia #39;s AirAsia rises sharply on debut KUALA LUMPUR : Shares in Malaysian budget carrier AirAsia rose sharply on their listing, doing well against a weaker broader market as investors bought into the low-cost concept, dealers said.
Gas prices drop 5 cents nationwide SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- National gas prices dropped 5 cents per gallon in the past two weeks, according to a survey. Free! Sign up here to receive our SiteWatcher e-Newsletter!
Wilbur Ross, Steel Winner, Bets on China Textiles as Quotas End Wilbur Ross used US government protection to merge four bankrupt steelmakers into a company so profitable he #39;s selling it for \$4.5 billion.
Video game re-creates slaying of Kennedy A new video game to be released Monday allows players to simulate the assassination of President Kennedy. The release of JFK Reloaded is timed to coincide with the 41st anniversary 
Nintendo DS: Doubly good short for  quot;Dual Screen quot; -* * 1/2 out of four, \$150) was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer Sega has completely caught on.
Nvidia, Intel Sign Agreement Intel has followed up its patent cross-licensing agreements with graphics processor maker ATI Technologies with a similar one with rival Nvidia.
The phenomenon of Xbox #39;s gem,  #39;Halo 2 #39;  quot;Halo 2 quot; is unquestionably the most eagerly anticipated video game of 2004. But that may be a bit of an understatement. Its predecessor became a religion, a staple to what seems like 99 percent of dorm room gamers.
Clash brings back bad memories for Tomjanovich Rudy Tomjanovich isn #39;t sure whether the TV images of the brawl between the Detroit Pistons and Indiana Pacers affected him more deeply because of what he went through in another on-court brawl 27 years ago.
Sorenstam wins ADT Championship, Rosales 4th West Palm Beach, FLORIDA - Annika Sorenstam bogeyed the first hole of a playoff to win her third ADT Championship at Trump International Golf Club Sunday (Monday in Manila).
FOR ELI, LINE PUTS ON GOOD FRONT The Giants #39; fourth offensive snap yesterday provided the afternoon #39;s first obvious mistake. Its plot sounded frighteningly familiar.
Redskins Can #39;t Keep TO From Dancing in End Zone Wide receiver Terrell Owens found a vacant corner of the end zone and executed his pattern perfectly, a picture of fluidity with his feet planted firmly on the turf and both hands rising above his head.
Vikings 22 Lions 19 MINNEAPOLIS Daunte Culpepper engineered a pair of touchdown drives in the fourth quarter to lead Minnesota #39;s 22-to-19 win over Detroit.
U.S. to Help Rebuild Tsunami-Stricken Lives -- Powell  BANGKOK (Reuters) - The United States will help the  millions devastated by the Indian Ocean tsunami, but an effort  on the scale of the post-World War II Marshall Plan is probably  not needed, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday.
Powell meets Israel #39;s Sharon US Secretary of State Colin Powell has met Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for talks expected to focus on steps Israel could take to facilitate a Palestinian presidential election scheduled for January.
International conference on Iraq opening in Egypt SHARM EL SHEIKH (Egypt), November 22 (Itar-Tass) - An international conference on Iraq is opening in the Egyptian Red Sea resort city of Sharm El Sheikh on Monday.
Date Set for Iraqi Elections; Violence Slows Registration Iraqi electoral officials on Sunday scheduled national and provincial elections for Jan. 30 and said that nearly 200 political groups had applied to take part.
Koizumi dismisses Chinese leader #39;s criticism of visits to Yasukuni &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Sunday dismissed Chinese President Hu Jintao #39;s criticism of his controversial visits to Tokyo #39;s Yasukuni Shrine where the war dead, including Class-A war criminals, are enshrined.
Gunmen Assassinate Baghdad Governor - Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Baghdad governor Ali al-Haidri was  assassinated by gunmen in the capital on Tuesday, police and  hospital sources said.
Marriage does not guarantee happiness In the world of retailing, there is no such thing as  quot;too big to fail, quot; as investors have often learned to their sorrow.
Wonky crime numbers benefit St. Louis Erroneous crime statistics propelled St. Louis to its best finish in recent years in a report to be issued Monday that ranks the nation #39;s most dangerous cities.
Upstart RCN faces second Goliath head-on In its seven years playing David to the Goliaths of Greater Boston cable television, upstart RCN Corp. has managed to secure a robust business, in a few communities 
Federer wins rain-soaked Masters It rained Sunday, of course, and but another soppy, sloppy gray day at Westside Tennis Club did nothing to deter Roger Federer from his appointed rounds.
India v South Africa Andrew Hall #39;s highest ever first class score underpinned a fine South African batting effort as the tourists reached 459 for seven at stumps on day two of the first Test with India.
Jets: Carter keeps cool after a shaky start Jets quarterback Quincy Carter looked like a character in the movie  quot;Animal House quot; yesterday in Cleveland Browns Stadium.
Utah #39;s euphoria might not last long The fiesta hadn #39;t even begun, and already people were asking Urban Meyer, the life of the party, if it was over. That, as we #39;ve come to learn, is the price of success in college football these days.
Longwell barely makes game-winning field goal HOUSTON - Green Bay quarterback Brett Favre got a chance to work his fourth-quarter magic at Reliant Stadium for the first time in his career Sunday night -nd work it he did.
EU ponders sugar reforms EU agriculture ministers are to discuss urgent reforms to Europe's heavily subsidised sugar industry.
Major Creditors Agree to Cancel 80 of Iraq Debt The world #39;s leading industrial nations agreed Sunday to cancel 80 percent of the nearly \$39 billion debt owed them by Iraq, a critical step in rebuilding the country #39;s devastated 
Clarke ends war of words with praisefor people #39;s prince CHARLES Clarke yesterday signalled a truce in the simmering row with the Prince of Wales which has soured relations between the Education Secretary and the heir to the throne.
Taking on No. 1  Say the name Verizon , and most consumers in America get some clear pictures in their mind. The phone company. The Bell System. The wireless test guy asking,  quot;Can you hear me now? quot;
Upstart RCN faces second Goliath head-on In its seven years playing David to the Goliaths of Greater Boston cable television, upstart RCN Corp. has managed to secure a robust business, in a few communities grabbing nearly 40 percent of cable television customers while bundling telephone and Internet services.
Alien aims to multiply and thrive MORGAN HILL, Calif. -- In the lobby of Alien Technology, giant statues of Robbie the Robot and Klaatu from  quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still quot; stand guard over the reception area. Hanging on one doorway leading to the inner sanctum is a sign that reads:  quot;Area 52. Restricted Area. Secret Research Facility. quot;
Firm reaches wide accord on lead paint A prominent Boston-based real estate company has agreed to test for and remove any hazardous lead paint from nearly 10,400 apartments nationwide, including more than 7,000 in Massachusetts, under a consent agreement that federal and state officials plan to announce today.
Firefox helping to make Web better for all This column gets results. A few months ago I suggested that Internet users would do well to give up on Microsoft Corp.'s buggy and insecure Internet Explorer browser and check out some well-crafted alternatives. And so you have, in a big way.
Merck offers Vioxx defense  NEW YORK -- Merck  amp; Co.'s campaign to defend itself in the wake of the recall of the pain reliever Vioxx intensified last week, as it placed a package of three full-page ads in seven prominent newspapers beginning last Friday. That follows several television appearances, as well as testimony before Congress by the company's chief executive.
Pulitzer Inc. says it #39;s considering sale Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. said Sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
Thousands Queue for Water in Aceh, Aid Blocked  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Hungry and filthy,  Indonesians queued for water in their thousands on Tuesday as  aid deliveries to tsunami-ravaged Aceh province hit new snags.
Oracle seen closer in PeopleSoft bid  SAN FRANCISCO -- Bolstered by investors, Oracle Corp. appears destined to complete its long-sought takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. unless its rival becomes more profitable and proves it's worth more than the \$9.2 billion bid currently on the table.
Britain-JFK Game A spokesman for Massachusetts Senator Edward Kennedy is calling a new video game  quot;despicable. quot;. A British company says it #39;s releasing a game that recreates the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy, the senator #39;s brother.
So much fun, it #39;s criminal Comedian Bruce Daniels once opened a show with a rant against the video game Grand Theft Auto:  quot;There #39;s this game that encourages you to pick up hookers, engage in sex, beat them then rob them 
Pennsylvania School District Retreats from Evolution A Pennsylvania school district on Friday defended its decision to discount Charles Darwin #39;s theory of evolution and take a lead in teaching what critics say is a version of creationism.
Federer trounces Hewitt to take Masters title The 23-year-old Swiss dominated the final tournament of the season just as he dominated most of 2004, winning his second straight Masters Cup and breaking the record of 12 straight finals victories shared by Bjorn Borg and John McEnroe.
Apec pushes for free trade boost Leaders of 21 Asia-Pacific states in the Apec grouping have ended a summit in Chile with a call for action to lower global trade barriers.
Arafat #39;s medical file handed over to Widow PARIS (France): French authorities have handed over the medical file on late President of Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat to his widow Ms Suha Arafat, who is studying it, her lawyer said in a statement.
Evolution still taught, regardless of debates Despite renewed controversies across the country over how the creation of the universe is taught, S. Blaire Hedges, Penn State biology professor, said the university will continue teaching the theory of evolution as it always has.
Tokyo stocks end flat TOKYO - Tokyo stocks ended Friday almost flat as earlier gains on buying of high-tech shares evaporated after selling of domestic demand-related issues accelerated later in the day.
SpaceShipOne is Time #39;s  #39;Invention of the Year #39; SpaceShipOne, the world first privately developed spacecraft that first entered the space in October, has been named  #39;2004 Invention of the Year #39; by Time magazine as a part of its annual  #39;Coolest Invention #39; issue.
Giants: Falcons impressed by first look at Eli To a veteran defensive lineman, there is a dead giveaway when a rookie quarterback is rattled. You can see it in the kid #39;s eyes.
Culpepper rallies Vikings MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Vikings shut out Detroit in the second half and overcame a 12-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the sliding Lions, 22-19, yesterday, ending their three-game losing streak.
Blunkett plans tough new terror laws Tough new laws on terrorism could be passed if Labour wins a third term in power, Home Secretary David Blunkett has indicated. Mr Blunkett said officials were looking at a range of measures - from jury-less 
Oil Extends Rally on Heating Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices continued to rally on\Monday, clawing back more of this months' losses on heightened\concerns over low global winter fuel supplies.
Trump's Casinos File for Bankruptcy (Reuters) Reuters - Donald Trump's casino operations\filed for bankruptcy on Sunday in a long-expected move that\would allow the real estate maverick to restructure the\company's debt and overhaul its aging casinos.
Oil Extends Rally on Heating Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices continued to rally on  Monday, clawing back more of this months' losses on heightened  concerns over low global winter fuel supplies.
Stocks Sink as Dollar Hovers Near Lows  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The dollar held near a record low  against the euro and a 4-1/2-year low versus the yen on Monday,  sending Asian shares sharply lower, after a meeting of rich and  developing nations said nothing to arrest its fall.
Trump's Casinos File for Bankruptcy  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Donald Trump's casino operations  filed for bankruptcy on Sunday in a long-expected move that  would allow the real estate maverick to restructure the  company's debt and overhaul its aging casinos.
PeopleSoft Says Again Oracle Bid Inadequate, It Won #39;t Sell PeopleSoft Inc. said its board remains convinced Oracle Inc. #39;s \$24-a-share takeover bid is inadequate #39; #39; and said it will not sell the company for less than it #39;s worth.
Xstrata makes new bid for Australia WMC Swiss-based miner Xstrata says it will take its A\$7.4 billion (3.1 billion pound) bid for Australia #39;s WMC Resources directly to the company #39;s shareholders, effectively making a hostile bid after WMC #39;s management rejected its offer 
Annual ranking of  #39;most dangerous #39; cities TRENTON, NJ Camden, New Jersey, has become the nation #39;s most-dangerous city, according to a Kansas company #39;s yearly ranking based on crime statistics.
AirAsia to make solid debut on Malaysian bourse next week &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kuala Lumpur: Malaysia #39;s budget carrier AirAsia is expected to make a solid debut on the stock exchange Monday, with gains to be made from its retail initial public offer (IPO) price of 1.16 ringgit (0.31 dollars) a share, fund managers and analysts said 
New billboard beauty in London -- 96 years young (AFP) AFP - It's never too late to start a new career, even if you're 96 years old -- and the new job is modelling cosmetics.
Firefox helping to make Web better for all This column gets results. A few months ago I suggested that Internet users would do well to give up on Microsoft Corp. #39;s buggy and insecure Internet Explorer browser and check out some well-crafted alternatives.
NBA fans find extra security after brawl as shorthanded Pistons win (AFP) AFP - With security staffing levels raised 50 percent following Friday's melee between spectators and players, National Basketball Association champion Detroit beat Charlotte 117-116 here.
Fans stand behind suspended Wallace It might have been NBA Commissioner David Stern taking his chances had he tried to enter the stands at The Palace on Sunday after suspending Ben Wallace for six games.
Holland: PSV Eindhoven keeps lead PSV Eindhoven beat Vitesse Arnhem 2-0 to maintain a five-point lead atop the Dutch First Division on Sunday, earning its 10th straight shutout in a game that was suspended 15 minutes for unruly fan behaviour.
41-year-old QB lifts Toronto to 1st Grey Cup since 1997 OTTAWA - Damon Allen, a 20-year veteran, ran in two touchdowns and passed for another as the Toronto Argonauts defeated the British Columbia Lions 27-19 in the Grey Cup on Sunday night.
U.S. to Help Rebuild Tsunami-Stricken Lives -- Powell (Reuters) Reuters - The United States will help the\millions devastated by the Indian Ocean tsunami, but an effort\on the scale of the post-World War II Marshall Plan is probably\not needed, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday.
 #39;Identity problem #39; is not political Taiwan has a high level of consensus on the nation #39;s independent and sovereign status. According to a survey published by the Taiwan Thinktank on Nov. 8 about the public #39;s expectations 
Celtics keep it together Once again down the stretch, there was the sound of 15,000 people squirming in their seats. The Celtics had led the hottest team in basketball from the first quarter last night. They'd been up by 22 points with 11:08 to play. And now, with the spread down to 10, everybody was thinking the same thing: Can these guys blow it ...
It's a group dynamic KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A group of six Patriots has played together since 1996, no small feat in the era of NFL free agency and constant personnel change.
Busch withstands pressure to win Cup HOMESTEAD, Fla. -- Acknowledging the reputation he had earned as an aggressive young driver with a penchant for wrinkling a few car fenders and ruffling a few feathers along the way, Kurt Busch yesterday seemed to come of age.
1-2 punch is a hit for Colts CHICAGO -- Edgerrin James on the ground. Peyton Manning through the air. The Indianapolis Colts made it look easy.
McNabb heats up in 2d half PHILADELPHIA -- Rattled, hurried and battered for 2 1/2 quarters, Donovan McNabb kept his poise, stayed in the pocket and picked apart Washington's secondary.
McNair cures Titans' ills JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Steve McNair returned to the lineup, and the Tennessee Titans returned to form.
Droughns hits ground running NEW ORLEANS -- Reuben Droughns had his fifth 100-yard game to help the Denver Broncos stay atop the AFC West.
Jets get their timing down CLEVELAND -- This week, the New York Jets beat the clock. Quincy Carter threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Justin McCareins with 5:32 remaining as the Jets bounced back from an embarrassing loss with an ugly 10-7 win over the Cleveland Browns yesterday.
There was no stopping Goings CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Nick Goings revived the Carolina Panthers' running game -- for a half, anyway.
It's Boulware to the rescue SEATTLE -- Rookie safety Michael Boulware saved the game for the Seattle Seahawks. Maybe the season, too.
Chargers zap Raiders again OAKLAND, Calif. -- Antonio Gates had eight receptions for 101 yards and a touchdown, LaDainian Tomlinson ran for 164 yards and a score on 37 carries, and the San Diego Chargers won their fourth straight game, 23-17, over the AFC West rival Raiders yesterday.
It's one for all for BC Matt Ryan had arrived at a conference room adjacent to the visitor's locker room at Lincoln Financial Field to meet the press Saturday after Boston College's 34-17 Big East victory over Temple in Philadelphia.
A tough playoff draw for UNH The University of New Hampshire football team is going dancing -- the Wildcats will be playing in the NCAA Division 1-AA playoffs for the first time since 1994.
After further review, half a title is better than no title WORCESTER -- BC High senior Greg O'Neil acknowledged his initial reaction to yesterday's 0-0 draw with Algonquin in the MIAA Division 1 state final was disappointment.
Six straight for Andover WELLESLEY -- For the sixth year in a row, Andover claimed the MIAA State Swimming  amp; Diving Championships.
Bush Touts U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts (AP) AP - President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.
Discipline of writing helped Dallaire beat Rwanda demons that haunted him (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Romeo Dallaire has stepped back from the edge of the abyss.
China Iron Mine Fire Death Toll Rises to 49  BEIJING (Reuters) - Rescue workers have recovered the  bodies of 49 Chinese miners killed when fire swept through an  iron mine complex in the northern province of Hebei, the State  Administration of Work Safety said on Monday.
Three held over Brazil land clash Police in Brazil arrest three men on suspicion of murder, following a violent confrontation over land rights.
Basketball: Season ban for brawl Indiana's Ron Artest is banned for the rest of the season after the brawl involving fans and players at Detroit.
EU ponders sugar industry reforms EU agriculture ministers are to discuss urgent reforms to Europe's heavily subsidised sugar industry.
Africa and its children Second of three parts URAMO BEACH, Nigeria -- It was just a shack made of cardboard and bamboo.
Ukraine prime minister takes lead in runoff KIEV -- Ukraine's prime minister was leading the nation's runoff presidential election, according to partial vote tallies released today, but his Western-leaning challenger held the advantage in an exit poll funded partly by the United States.
King frees convicted activist in Bahrain MANAMA, Bahrain -- Bahrain's king ordered the immediate release of a human rights activist who was convicted of inciting hatred of the government and sentenced to one year in prison yesterday in a case linked to criticism of the prime minister.
US forces kill four in suspected Al Qaeda compounds KABUL, Afghanistan -- US-led troops mounted overnight raids on suspected Al Qaeda compounds in eastern Afghanistan, killing four people and detaining several others, officials said yesterday.
National Assembly elections set for Jan. 30 BAGHDAD -- Iraq's electoral commission yesterday set Jan. 30 for elections to choose a National Assembly, a vote that could deliver power to Iraq's Shi'ite Muslim majority after decades of disenfranchisement. The balloting, however, remains imperiled by calls for a Sunni Muslim boycott and a persistent insurgency that has roiled Sunni regions.
Pacific Rim leaders vow antiterror efforts SANTIAGO, Chile -- Pacific Rim leaders pledged yesterday to shore up global security and push ahead with the World Trade Organization's negotiations on lowering global trade barriers.
S. Korea Weighs Support for the North Roh's move to do away with the security law has become the latest symbol of an ideological battle now raging in South Korea over whether detente with the North is happening too fast, too soon.
Oil prices climb on winter supply fears Oil prices climbed higher in Asian trade on Monday as fresh concerns over the possibility of energy shortages in the northern hemisphere winter sparked another wave of panic among investors, dealers said.
AirAsia Shares Gain in Malaysian Debut on New Routes (Update3) Shares of AirAsia Bhd., Southeast Asia #39;s biggest discount airline, rose about 16 percent on their first day of trading in Malaysia on expectation a drop in fuel prices and new routes to China and Indonesia will boost profit.
Gunmen Assassinate Baghdad Governor - Police (Reuters) Reuters - Baghdad governor Ali al-Haidri was\assassinated by gunmen in the capital on Tuesday, police and\hospital sources said.
Swift takes off The first space mission dedicated to gamma-ray bursts was launched from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Saturday. Gamma-ray bursts are the most energetic events in the universe, but they continue to 
New Video Game Lets You Kill JFK  quot;JFK Reloaded quot; from Scottish videogame company Traffic Games lets you become Lee Harvey Oswald and recreate the assassination of JFK.
Play resumes in first Test Kanpur - South Africa resumed at their overnight score of 459 for seven after heavy fog held up play in the first session on the third day of the first Test against India here on Monday.
Busch withstands pressure to win Cup Acknowledging the reputation he had earned as an aggressive young driver with a penchant for wrinkling a few car fenders and ruffling a few 
Rates mixed in T-bill auction Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were mixed in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 2.28 percent, up from 2.23 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 2.560 percent, unchanged from last week's auction.
Iran carries out promised suspension: report Iran on Monday suspended its uraniumenrichment activities under a commitment in an agreement reached with the European Union, the state TV reported.
UPDATE 1-ING to sell Baring Asset Management Financial group ING (ING.AS: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to sell Baring Asset Management (BAM) to US groups MassMutual and Northern Trust (NTRS.
CAT in alliance with AstraZeneca Cambridge Antibody Technology has announced an alliance with pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca after posting a slightly narrower annual loss before tax.
Swift roars to record the  quot;birth cries quot; of black holes Nasa #39;s fastest-swivelling space probe ever built -- Swift -- roared into the orbit aiming to explore the violent celestial explosions which may bestow black holes the birth cries.
ROVERS BOUNCE BACK IN EWOOD THRILLER Blackburn fought back from 3-1 down at half-time to earn a 3-3 draw with Birmingham in a pulsating Premiership clash at Ewood Park on Sunday afternoon.
Vick and the Falcons spoil Manning #39;s debut Michael Vick ran for 104 yards and threw two first-half touchdown passes to Alge Crumpler to lead the Falcons (8-2), spoiling Eli Manning #39;s first start.
Fancy moves on gridiron Call it Moving On week. Teams, players, and coaches all made their moves as the college football season #39;s last full slate of games was completed over the weekend.
Six bodies found in two group suicides in Japan Six people were found dead in two deserted cars over the weekend in Japan #39;s latest group suicides, police said Monday. A woman and two men in their 20s were found slumped over in a car parked 
Markets fall on weak dollar fears Asia has seen its key markets slide in response to the likelihood of a relentlessly weakening dollar.
Xstrata Says Seeking WMC To Enhance Copper Profit Stream SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Xstrata Plc (XTA.LN) said Monday that its A\$6.35-a-share cash bid for Australia #39;s WMC Resources Ltd. (WMR.
Artest deserves blame, especially from Pacers INDIANAPOLlS - Imagine being an employee who must sit in a chair while, a few feet over either shoulder, crowds of observers loudly register their opinions, mostly negative and sometimes grossly profane.
Green Bay wins with golden Brett Trailing by 10 points and down to only one healthy tailback, the Packers were desperately searching for an offensive spark. They found the solution in a familiar place.
Early to rise? Not for UConn  quot;I think the game played out probably the way I thought it would play out, quot; he said.  quot;I can #39;t say that I #39;m really, really that surprised.
Broncos #39; rout frustrates Saints owner NEW ORLEANS -- Another blowout loss left New Orleans owner Tom Benson furious and wondering whether his team belonged in the NFL. Reuben Droughns rushed for 166 yards and a touchdown, Jake Plummer threw for 
Green #39;s move has us fishing for answers Although the move was stunning, the outcome was predictable and the latest effort from our resident football/fishing genius may have finished off the Cardinals for good.
U.S., Afghan Forces Raid Homes in Kabul (AP) AP - American and Afghan forces searching for three kidnapped U.N. workers smashed their way into houses in downtown Kabul early Monday, officials and witnesses said.
U.S. Commander: More GIs Needed in Iraq (AP) AP - The United States will boost its forces in Iraq to a record number of 150,000 in coming weeks because inexperienced Iraqi troops cannot ensure security for next month's national elections, the commander of U.S. forces in Iraq said Saturday.
Russia Agrees to Write Off Iraqi Debt to Paris Club Russia agreed on Sunday to forgive up to 80 percent of Iraqs debts to the Paris Club (about \$33 billion). A US Treasury official quoted by Reuters said they received this information from Russia.
killer quake rocks dominica, guadeloupe THE ISLANDS of Dominica and Guadeloupe were rocked by a massive earthquake killing at least one person and destroying numerous homes.
Sorenstam Ends the Year With Trophy (AP) AP - Despite 33 victories in the last four years, Annika Sorenstam keeps saying that winning is not as easy as she makes it look.
China plane 'flew like drunkard' A plane which plunged into a frozen lake in China killing 54 people was flying erratically moments before it crashed.
Camden tops dangerous cities list Camden has become the nation #39;s most-dangerous city, a national ranking company based in Kansas announced Sunday. Camden, which was ranked third worst last year, took the dubious honor from 
Legal fees add to James Hardie #39;s troubles PETER CAVE: The disgraced building products firm James Hardie has revealed softer first half profits as a result of costs related to an inquiry into its asbestos compensation fund.
Cable #39;s Rivals Lure Customers With Packages For years, consumers who wanted to cut the cord with their cable company found that getting television and high-speed Internet service often meant the inconvenience of finding two new providers.
Lampert #39;s potent force in investing branches into retailing DreamWorks SKG co-founder David Geffen laughs when asked what it #39;s like to invest with Edward Lampert, the hedge fund manager and Kmart chairman who startled the 
Tasteless JFK video game hits the Internet Just in time for today #39;s 41st anniversary of President John F. Kennedy #39;s assassination, a tasteless Internet game is being launched that lets players be Lee Harvey Oswald.
Sorenstam ends the year with another trophy Despite 33 victories in the last four years, Annika Sorenstam keeps saying that winning is not as easy as she makes it look. Not many could argue with her at the season-ending ADT Championship.
Another Manning controls a team #39;s future This is a rotten time for moral victories. Like it or not, the New York Giants received one Sunday. While their playoff hopes took another hit when their rally 
UNC upends UConn  quot;I think the game played out probably the way I thought it would play out, quot; he said.  quot;I can #39;t say that I #39;m really, really that surprised.
Boulware returns interception 60 yards for TD With the game tied 17-17, the Dolphins stopped the Seahawks on downs and got the ball at their own 47 with 1:51 remaining. On third down, AJ Feeley threw a 7-yard pass to Chris Chambers for a first down at the Seattle 41.
McNabb throws four more touchdowns in ninth victory Putting the teams #39; records aside, quarterback Donovan McNabb knew this would not be an easy game to win. McNabb studied the films and he knew Washington would come with a defense that would 
The Legacy of Yasser Arafat Yasser Arafat, long-time leader of the Palestinian people, died in Paris on November 11 at the age of 75. He had been taken to France for medical treatment after falling gravely ill at the Palestine Authority 
APEC shows power as primary regional forum The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) has shown again its power as the primary economic forum in the Pacific Rim, as 21 top leaders from its member economies 
Iraq election date announced Iraq #39;s Electoral Commission has announced that elections in the country will go ahead on January 30, not January 27 as previously suggested.
UK ; Prince Charles hits back UK News, The Prince of Wales is taking the unprecedented step of hitting back at criticism from senior politicians over his views on education.
Hookes: Bouncer to stand trial Melbourne - A hotel bouncer charged over the death of former Australian Test cricketer David Hookes will stand trial early next year on charges of manslaughter and assault, a court heard on Monday.
AstraZeneca Buys 20 Stake in Cambridge Antibody (Update1) AstraZeneca Plc, the UK #39;s second biggest drugmaker, bought a 19.9 percent stake in Cambridge Antibody Technology Group Plc, an unprofitable biotechnology company, for 75 million pounds (\$139 million).
Mike Wallace subpoenaed Richard Scrushy once sat down to talk with ''60 Minutes" correspondent Mike Wallace about allegations that Scrushy started a huge fraud while chief executive of rehabilitation giant HealthSouth Corp. Now, Scrushy wants Wallace to do the talking.
Boston Capital hopes to raise \$1b in IPO Boston Capital Real Estate Investment Trust Inc., an owner of apartment complexes in Florida, Oregon, Washington, and Utah, boosted the size of its initial public offering to as high as \$1 billion. The Boston-based company plans to sell as many as 100 million shares for \$10 each, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In November, Boston ...
Bringing back conversion vans An automotive fad of the 1970s, customized vans, might be the next big thing coming out of Detroit.
Busch pulls out Cup title When his right-front tire went flying off early in the Ford 400, the final race of the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series season, Kurt Busch, it seemed, was destined to spend his offseason 
Lelie-Plummer connection produces 6th TD of season Reuben Droughns scored a 51-yard touchdown on his first carry of the game and gained 11 more yards on first down to start Denver #39;s next drive.
Dollar sees gains against the euro The US dollar rose against the euro and other major currencies yesterday, recovering after some early losses as foreign exchange trading resumed in the new year.
FOOTBALL: BLATTER: I #39;LL BACK WALK-OFF FIFA president Sepp Blatter last night said he would have supported England #39;s players had they staged a walk-off in Madrid last week.
Man sues Brigham and Women's over death of his wife The widower of a woman who died at Brigham  amp; Women's Hospital while delivering her first child is suing the hospital, alleging that doctors accidentally damaged at least two arteries during the emergency delivery, then disregarded signs that she was bleeding to death.
Developer to sell rentals in Allston as condos Another developer plans to capitalize on a hot condo market by selling off its rental apartments to home buyers.
Future of Illini's Turner's at Hand (AP) AP - Illinois coach Ron Turner deflected questions about his future all season long, not wanting to be a distraction or take away from his players and the games they had left.
Powell: US will aid Palestinian elections Seeing a rare and probably fleeting opportunity to influence the Israeli-Palestinian dispute, the Bush administration is preparing financial assistance to help Palestinians 
Canberra forgives Iraq #39;s \$1.1bn debt CANBERRA will excuse Iraq \$1.1 billion that it owes Australia as the war-torn nation attempts to get back on its feet financially.
Genzyme banks its future on cancer drugs When Genzyme Inc. breaks down its revenue this year, there's a big hole: treatment of cancer.
57 die in China mine disaster 57 miners have died in a fire at five connected iron ore mines in northern China. The fire started last Saturday in a privately run mine in Shahe city, and rapidly spread to four other mines nearby, trapping 106 people working underground.
India cuts troops numbers in Srinagar A battalion of Indian Army soldiers has pulled out of Kashmir #39;s summer capital Srinagar, marking the first withdrawal from the urban hub of insurgency in the Himalayan state.
Iraq ; Iraq looks to world for approval Iraq News, The two-day conference in the resort of Sharm el-Sheikh will start with a meeting of the foreign ministers of Iraq, its six neighbours and Egypt.
Security forces raid houses, detain suspects in Afghan capital KABUL, Afghanistan Officials and witnesses say foreign and Afghan security forces have raided houses in Kabul, smashing their way in and detaining several men.
Crude futures fall more than \$1 Crude futures fell more than \$1 a barrel yesterday amid mild weather in the US Northeast on the first trading day of the new year.
Wright is right again LAS VEGAS -- Shane Mosley gave Winky Wright his big chance. After beating Mosley a second time, Wright is now ready to cash in on it.
Two-for-one deal for Roush HOMESTEAD, Fla. -- Greg Biffle gave his car owner, Jack Roush , a two-for-one special yesterday, winning the Ford 400 NASCAR Nextel Cup finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway on the same day Kurt Busch , Biffle's Roush Racing teammate, finished fifth to capture the inaugural Chase for the Nextel Cup championship.
Sydney protesters get free travel Sydney commuters get a day's free travel after an unprecedented protest against the city's rail network.
PeopleSoft board once again spurns Oracle #39;s bid SAN FRANCISCO - Business-software maker PeopleSoft said Saturday its board had again unanimously rejected Oracle #39;s \$9.2 billion tender offer as inadequate, a day after 61 percent of PeopleSoft shares were tendered to Oracle.
US and Europe play blame game over dollar Europe and the US kept up a war of words over the sliding US dollar at a G20 meeting of rich and developing nations over the weekend, blaming each other for the currency #39;s fall and avoiding new steps or rhetoric to halt it.
Camden overtakes Detroit as most-dangerous city TRENTON, NJ A Kansas company #39;s yearly ranking has Camden, New Jersey, as the nation #39;s most dangerous city. The rankings based on crime statistics are detailed in Morgan Quitno #39;s  quot;City Crime Rankings, quot; an annual reference book.
AWB clinches  #39;tough #39; China deal Wheat exporter AWB has clinched the biggest sale to China in more than a decade. AWB will supply 1.5 million tonnes of wheat, a sale it values at around \$200 million.
BT chases after military action TELECOMS group BT will bid this week for a 4bn Ministry of Defence contract to stitch together IT systems for Britain #39;s armed forces.
Let's play hedge fund The requirements to start a hedge fund are pretty basic. You need a desk, a computer, and some rich clients to hand over lots of money to put at risk.
Search tools, music gadgets and e-mail, oh my The year #39;s biggest upset in sports has to be the Boston Red Sox #39;s improbable world championship. The biggest upset in politics: that choosing the president did not require Supreme Court intervention.
Golf: Playoff bogey enough to bring Sorenstam LPGA crown WEST PALM BEACH, United States : Annika Sorenstam captured her eighth title of the year here Sunday, beating Cristie Kerr in a playoff for the season-ending LPGA ADT Championship with a bogey on the first playoff hole.
Top 25 roundup: North Carolina upsets UConn  quot;I think the game played out probably the way I thought it would play out, quot; he said.  quot;I can #39;t say that I #39;m really, really that surprised.
Injury report; stars of the day Green Bay running back Ahman Green left last night #39;s game against the Houston Texans after aggravating a rib injury. Green had returned in the second quarter after leaving earlier with the rib problem.
Empty feelings For weeks, months - really for two years - Butch Davis has talked about little else but spilled guts, effort and heart in his postgame press conferences.
Times Co. to buy stake in free Boston paper The New York Times Co. , owner of The Boston Globe, said it will buy a 49 percent stake in Metro Boston, the free newspaper distributed to commuters.
Troops Raid Homes in Search for UN Hostages American and Afghan forces searching for three kidnapped UN workers smashed their way into a number of Kabul houses today. About 10 people were detained in the pre-dawn operation, but there was no indication the three foreigners had been found.
Nonprofit officer arrested in thefts Police had been hunting Scott Pfiel, a former director of Meals on Wheels Chicago, for months when they finally found their theft suspect -- holding down a high-profile job at an Indianapolis nonprofit.
First full planes, then full stomachs Passengers flying toward their Thanksgiving feasts can expect to find crowded airports and packed flights on the way. By JEAN HELLER, Times Staff Writer.
Outrage over JFK slay video game A British firm seeking to capitalize on the anniversary of President John F. Kennedy #39;s murder today is issuing JFK Reloaded, #39; #39; a purportedly educational docu-game #39; #39; that lets players 
New chip designs help AMD boost market share Design engineer Alan Lear has rolled up his sleeves. His lab is crammed with motherboards and oscilloscopes. He scans a screen showing the signal 
In Spain, a missing link? NEW YORK Scientists in Spain have discovered fossils of an ape species from about 13 million years ago that they think may have been the last common ancestor of all living great apes, including humans.
Man hurt keeping his tiger from teen ST. AUGUSTINE, FLA. - The owner of a wildlife sanctuary was injured by a 350-pound Siberian tiger that was startled by a 14-year-old boy at a county fair, officials said Sunday.
Minsheng sells stake to Temasek BEIJING, Nov. 22 (Xinhuaent) -- China #39;s first private lender, Minsheng Bank, has won regulatory approval to sell a 4.55 percent stake to a Singapore government firm, clearing the final hurdle for the investment in a fast-opening financial arena.
Eagles wing it, win easily The Redskins fail to capitalize on scoring chances and fall to 3-7, the worst start in Joe Gibbs #39; coaching career. PHILADELPHIA -- Good teams score touchdowns when they have a first down from the opponents #39; 10-yard line.
Notebook: Mavs #39; Nowitzski out after ankle sprain All-Star forward Dirk Nowitzki had to be helped to the Dallas locker room after twisting his left ankle last night against the Denver Nuggets.
Rusty McNair leads Titans over Jaguars McNair threw a touchdown pass, directed two other scoring drives as the Titans (4-6) beat the Jacksonville Jaguars (6-4) 18-15 Sunday.
Police arrest man on suspicion of murdering French student (AFP) AFP - Police arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of murdering a French student in August, Scotland Yard said.
Threats Delay Vote Preparations in Mosul (AP) AP - Death threats have chased away four elections officials in Mosul, stalling preparations for the vote in the northern city. Insurgents have torched election materials and a militant group believed to operate in Mosul has warned Iraqis not to participate in the election.
Eli earns  #39;E #39; for effort Some quarterbacks take weeks to get comfortable in the NFL. Sometimes it takes several years. Yesterday it took Eli Manning a mere 30 minutes.
England intent on revenge against Australia England vice-captain Mike Tindall insists the world champions will be motivated by a sense of payback when they tackle Australia at Twickenham next Saturday.
Colts Punish Bears 41-10 (AP) AP - Edgerrin James on the ground. Peyton Manning through the air. The Indianapolis Colts made it look easy.
Oracle claims mandate from PeopleSoft shareholders Oracle has announced that, as of midnight (US Eastern Standard Time) on Friday 19 November, 228,702,471 shares of PeopleSoft common stock, representing more than 60 per cent of the outstanding shares, had been validly tendered in support of its all-cash 
Dollar hovers near record low The dollar sank Monday to within half a cent of last week #39;s record low against the euro after a weekend meeting of world finance chiefs ended with no agreement to stem the greenback #39;s decline.
Krispy Kreme Posts Loss, Scraps Sales Forecast (Update1) Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc., the second-largest US doughnut maker, had a fiscal third- quarter loss of \$3 million, or 5 cents a share, compared with net income of \$14.5 million, or 23 cents, a year earlier.
Xstrata in new bid for mines firm Swiss mining firm Xstrata has relaunched an \$7.4bn Australian dollar (\$5.8bn) takeover bid for Australia #39;s WMC by appealing to its shareholders.
Hartford listed as nation #39;s seventh-most dangerous city _ Hartford has been named the nation #39;s seventh-most dangerous city, while Danbury and Stamford have been recognized for their safety, according to a company #39;s annual ranking based on crime statistics.
ING to sell Baring Asset Management Financial group ING has agreed to sell Baring Asset Management to US groups MassMutual and Northern Trust and says it will make a net gain of 250 million euros (176 million pounds) on the deal.
Econ Edge: The Economic Week This week will see the release of October new and existing home sales, a measure of strength in the housing industry. But the short holiday week will also leave investors looking ahead to the holiday travel season.
Mylan says Icahn talks not in co #39;s best interests Mylan Laboratories Inc. (MYL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said its board does not believe discussions with financier Carl Icahn #39;s about his unsolicited proposal to buy the company are in the company #39;s best interests.
James Hardie will miss forecasts MELBOURNE James Hardie Industries, Australia #39;s fourth-biggest maker of building materials, said Monday that full-year profit would miss analysts #39; estimates because of boycotts by unions protesting the handling of asbestos compensation.
Uphill battle for Sears/Kmart Twenty years ago, I wrote a report called  quot;Retailer or Realtor, quot; that argued retailers had huge hidden real estate values.
Swift blasts off on dying star mission Swift, a satellite space lab that will hunt and study the most violent explosions ever seen in the universe, has finally launched from Cape Canaveral.
JFK Assassination Video Game Technology brings a whole new light to history.Technology brings a whole new light to history.Technology brings a whole new light to history.
Dixons spells out the future - DVD Dixons is to phase out video cassette recorders in its namesake stores after revealing that DVD players are now outselling VCRs by a ratio of 40 to one.
AMD loses nVidia monopoly Intel users will be able to use nVidia graphics hardware in the future after a surprise announcement from the two companies. The deal will be welcomed by users who will be able to use nVidia #39;s nForce platform 
Fossil find may be the father of us all Spanish anthropologists, intrigued by a single fossil tooth found near a Catalonian village, dug up more of the animal #39;s stony skeleton and announced they have discovered what may be the last common ancestor of all the world #39;s living great apes 
RIAA sues filesharing US students The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is suing 761 people for alleged illegal filesharing. University students are a particular focus of the legal action with 25 people named for using university networks to distribute music.
New Sober variant spreading A new version of the Sober e-mail worm started spreading in Europe on Friday, according to antivirus suppliers, which have given the worm a mid-level threat rating.
 #39;Half-Life #39; sequelenters excitingnew territory It #39;s been a long commute for Gordon Freeman. He nodded off on the train from Black Mesa six years ago, exhausted from his victory over the vile, slime-spewing aliens infesting the atomic research station.
India debates manned space flight BANGALORE (AFP) - India #39;s space agency is ready to send a man to space within seven years if the government gives the nod, while preparations have already begun for the launch of an unmanned lunar mission, a top official said.
3G mobile service set for take-off With most technical issues resolved and giants like Vodafone signing up customers, 2005 could be the year when third-generation (3G) mobile services finally gain a global audience.
US Air Force deploys Microsoft and Dell The US Air Force has awarded a \$500m, six-year contract to Microsoft Corp and Dell Corp, to update and consolidate 38 software licenses across multiple sites on more than 525,000 machines.
NBAs knockout punch Indiana #39;s Ron Artest yesterday was suspended without pay for the rest of the season for fighting with fans during a bench-clearing brawl Friday night in the final minute of a game against the Detroit Pistons in Auburn Hills, Mich.
Federer finishes in style Roger Federer, the top seed and world number one, has rounded off his outstanding year with victory in the Masters Cup over Australian Lleyton Hewitt.
UPDATE 2-India make impressive reply in first test India openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir shared an unbeaten first wicket partnership of 185 on the third day of the first test on Monday.
Golf pair deliver another World Cup for England Luke Donald and Paul Casey are unlikely to be awarded MBEs but they have given England another World Cup victory to crow about. The pair will not be talked about in the same way as Jonny Wilkinson after his 
NFL: Eli Manning loses debut but inspires Giant hopes After a shaky first half, Eli Manning showed why the Giants mortgaged their future on draft day. Manning led New York on two second-half drives that turned a one-sided game into a thriller in a 14-10 loss to Atlanta on Sunday.
Blues display Sunday best and worst For all but the two Blackburn Rovers fans who spoilt an otherwise thrilling afternoon #39;s entertainment by targeting Dwight Yorke for racist abuse, this was a classic to savour.
Where #39;s Benson been over past 20 years? Television reporters caught Tom Benson entering the New Orleans Saints #39; Superdome locker room Sunday afternoon after the Denver Broncos had cruised to a 34-13 victory.
Virginia 78, No. 10 Arizona 60 Just two games into his college career, Sean Singletary has helped Virginia beat the nation #39;s No. 10 team and created a buzz at University Hall.
Disputes cloud international gathering on Iraq #39;s future Countries taking part in a conference on Iraq differ on how to assist the nation but strongly support the interim government #39;s 
Iraq Sets Election Despite Fresh Violence Gunmen on Monday assassinated a member of an influential Sunni clerics #39; group that has called for a boycott of national elections, just a day after Iraqi officials announced the balloting would be held Jan. 30 in spite of rising violence in Iraq.
German Muslims march against terror COLOGNE - More than 20,000 people, most of them Muslim, have demonstrated in Germany against terrorism and for world peace. The crowd held aloft a sea of Turkish, German and European Union flags during speeches in downtown Cologne at the end of a march.
Illegal traders 'go unpunished' Traders selling banned animal products in the UK cannot be arrested due to a government "slip-up", it has emerged.
Dixons ditches the video recorder High Street electrical retailer Dixons is ditching the VCR because of falling sales and the increased popularity of newer technology.
Black Watch troops return to Basra The Black Watch regiment has returned to its base in Basra in southern Iraq after a month-long mission standing in for US troops in a more violent part of the country, the Ministry of Defence says.
Struggling Sorenstam holds onto 1-shot lead WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Instead of running away, Annika Sorenstam had to catch up yesterday. Sorenstam lost her three-shot lead in five holes, then had to make three birdies during the final six holes to salvage 
Golf: Delighted Woods demolishes field for first Japan tour win MIYAZAKI, Japan : Tiger Woods said he was on the way back to his world-beating best after demolishing the field at the Dunlop Phoenix golf tournament for his first title on the Japan tour.
TENNESSEE 18, JACKSONVILLE 15 The Titans won without running back Chris Brown, who missed the game with turf toe. They won with two rookies starting at defensive tackle.
Broncos 34, Saints 13 The Denver Broncos took a 20-0 lead in the first quarter and cruised to a 34-13 victory over the Saints on Sunday, setting off choruses of boos from fans and harsh words from team owner Tom Benson.
FAO Schwarz to Open on Thanksgiving in NY  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FAO Schwarz on Monday said it would  reopen its flagship toy store on New York City's Fifth Avenue  on Thursday.
Stocks Seen Weaker: Oil, Dollar Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a weaker  open on Monday as oil prices clawed back toward \$50 a barrel,  and investors concerns about a weak dollar grew after a meeting  of rich and developing nations said nothing to arrest its fall.
Oil Above \$49 on Heating Fuel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rallied further on Monday,  clawing back toward \$50 a barrel on heightened concerns over  low supplies of winter heating fuels.
Starbucks Buys Stake in German Operations  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Starbucks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBUX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBUX.O&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday it now owns 100 percent of its German operations after  buying KarstadtQuelle AG's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KARG.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KARG.DE&lt;/A&gt; majority stake in the two  companies' coffee shop joint venture for an undisclosed amount.
Stocks to Watch on Nov. 22  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Monday:  MARINEMAX INC &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HZO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HZO.N&lt;/A&gt;: Shares of the largest U.S. recreational  boat dealer could rally more than 20 percent in the coming  year, Barron's said in a report on Sunday.
Trump's Casinos File for Bankruptcy &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Donald Trump's casino operationsfiled for bankruptcy on Sunday in a long-expected move thatwould allow the real estate maverick to restructure thecompany's debt and overhaul its aging casinos.&lt;/p&gt;
Reliance denies any family row Share in India's Reliance Industries rally after the brothers at the head of the group deny any rift over leadership.
Government Uses Color Laser Printer Technology to Track Documents Practice embeds hidden, traceable data in every printed page.
\$149 million lottery winner:  #39;No idea #39; what #39;s next NEW YORK New mega-millionaire Juan Rodriguez hasn #39;t quit his job at a Manhattan parking garage -- at least, not yet. Rodriguez won the 149 (M) million dollar Mega Millions lottery jackpot.
India off to flying start against SA Kanpur: Openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir struck half-centuries as India reached 185 without loss at stumps in reply to South Africa #39;s giant 510 first-innings score in first Test on Monday.
Chargers healthy returns San Diego Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson is officially healthy. If there was any question, look at his season high 37 carries.
Blunkett #39;s plans for tougher terror laws HOME Secretary David Blunkett has signalled that a third-term Labour government would impose sweeping new anti-terror laws amid fears of an al Qaida attack on Britain.
Sliding dollar stokes a fire under the rand BERLIN - As the dollar plunges to record lows, Europe and the US kept up a war of words at the weekend, blaming each other for the currency #39;s fall and avoiding new steps to halt it.
Krispy Kreme won #39;t forecast Q4 results after Q3 loss WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD) posted a net loss of \$3 million, or 5 cents per share, for the third quarter ended Oct. 31, reversing the retailer #39;s year-earlier profit of \$14.5 million, or 23 cents.
ING sells Baring assets; to focus on core businesses LONDON, November 22 (newratings.com) - Dutch banking and insurance company, ING Group (INN.ETR), has agreed to sell its Baring Asset Management division in two separate deals, for collective net gains of about 250 million.
Thanksgiving travel heavy, AAA predicts Thanksgiving travel this year will be heavier than it was in 2000, the first time that has happened post-9/11, according to the American Automobile Association.
U.S. Raids Afghan Compounds in U.N. Hostage Search (Reuters) Reuters - U.S.-led troops searching for three U.N.\hostages blasted their way into compounds in Kabul early on\Monday and detained 12 people while militants claiming to hold\the U.N. workers warned the government against any tricks.
Artest suspended for rest of season The NBA has suspended Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest for the remainder of the season for his part in a brawl during the final minute of Friday #39;s win at Detroit.
SC grants bail to Zardari Pakistan Supreme Court today granted bail to husband of self-exiled former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in connection with several cases of corruption against him.
Ukraine PM on Verge of Victory, Rival Cries Foul  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's prime minister was on the verge  of victory in a presidential election on Monday but his liberal  rival accused the authorities of mass fraud and told thousands  of supporters to stay on the streets in protest.
Mylan Labs rebuffs Icahn takeover offer WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Mylan Laboratories (MYL) , responding to the latest in a series of letters from investor Carl Icahn, reasserted its position that acquiring King Pharmaceuticals (KG) is in the long-term interest of the generic drugmaker and its 
Eli #39;s future up in the air Eli Manning will likely develop into an elite quarterback, maybe even a special one, and yet he will never, ever scare a defense quite like Michael Vick.
Tiger Attacks 14-Year Old Boy, Handler At Fair ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. -- A 14-year old boy and a tiger handler are recovering after being attacked by a 350-pound Siberian tiger at a county fair in Florida.
Israel promises help for Palestinian vote Israeli leaders Monday promised US Secretary of State Colin Powell to help the Palestinians elect a president. The elections, in the wake of Palestinian president Yasser Arafat #39;s death, are scheduled for Jan. 9.
Terrorism ; Britain takes special steps to battle terrorism Terrorism News, London,Britain is drawing up far-reaching proposals to tackle terrorism, including allowing the use of phone-taps as evidence in trials and special anti-terror courts.
S/E EUROPE Under the banner hand in hand against terror, more than 20,000 Turkish immigrants and Germans marched through Germanys fourth largest city of Cologne yesterday to condemn violence by and against Muslims.
Huge poll protest grips Ukraine Ukraine's opposition leader urges thousands of supporters to defy the government, alleging massive poll fraud.
Arafat doctors found 'no poison' Medical tests showed no traces of poisons in Yasser Arafat's body, says the former  Palestinian leader's nephew.
Koizumi warned over war shrine China's President Hu Jintao tells Japanese PM Junichiro Koizumi his war shrine visits are hurting bilateral ties.
Man arrested over Amelie murder A 36-year-old man is arrested in connection with the murder of French student Amelie Delagrange.
Bail granted for Bhutto husband Pakistan's Supreme Court grants bail to the jailed husband of former PM Benazir Bhutto and lawyers say he could be free soon.
Kabul vigilante appeal under way Three Americans jailed for up to 10 years for torturing Afghans and running a private jail in Kabul begin their appeal.
Faster frames for student animators Pay-as-you-go computer power could soon be helping computer animators finish films faster.
Hawks push deep cuts in forces in Iraq WASHINGTON -- A growing number of national security specialists who supported the toppling of Saddam Hussein are moving to a position unthinkable even a few months ago: that the large US military presence is impeding stability as much as contributing to it and that the United States should begin major reductions in troops beginning early next year.
File Sharing Growing Like a Weed Contrary to messages from the music industry, not all file sharing rips off artists. Weed, a peer-to-peer file sharing program, provides a way for people to share music and pay artists. By Katie Dean.
Making Portable Media Palatable If you're interested in taking your video with you, the Creative Zen and Datexx Pavio portable media players are worth a look. Product review by John Gartner.
It's Got a Z, It Must Be Edgy Take the Sims to the big city, let them mix with punkers, ravers and slackers, and The Urbz delivers an amusing, yet frustrating experience. By Lore Sjberg.
Sarasota Spams, Mends Evil Ways Sarasota county wanted to use e-mail to let people know the area was unharmed by the summer's hurricanes. People were quick to point out a word for such activity. By Daniel Terdiman.
Locust Plague Hits Israel Israeli ag officials are coping with huge swarms of locusts sweeping in from North Africa, the first such invasion since 1959. Residents report clouds of the insects munching palm trees bare, but some citizens are eating the bugs.
A Former Abbott Executive Hired as Human Genome Chief Human Genome Sciences plans to announce that H. Thomas Watkins, a former Abbott Laboratories executive, will be its new chief.
Robert Bacher, Manhattan Project Physicist, Dies at 99 Dr. Robert F. Bacher served as head of the Manhattan Project's experimental physics division before leading its bomb physics division in 1944 and 1945.
Security Dispute Dulls Luster of Bush's Trip to Chile The Chilean government disinvited more than 200 guests to a dinner with President Bush rather than let them be screened for weapons.
Reliance denies any family row The chairman of India #39;s Reliance Industries has denied any family dispute over the ownership of the country #39;s largest private company.
Hartford in top ten of  #39;most dangerous #39; cities (WTNH/AP, Nov. 22, 2004 6:55 AM) _ Hartford is the seventh most-dangerous city in the country, according to a Kansas company #39;s yearly ranking based on crime statistics.
Outgunned on copyright? At first blush, a lot of people might find that to be a laughable proposition. But a prominent architect of the Recording Industry Association of America #39;s legal strategy confided to me last week that his 
Players likely to appeal New York, November 22 - The agent for one suspended Indiana Pacer is faulting the NBA for not considering the players #39; fear for their own safety.
Packers 16, Texans 13 HOUSTON There were two minutes left to play, and the Houston Texans #39; defense was in a find. The Texans were tiring, and Brett Favre (FAHRV #39;) had the ball.
PeopleSoft Chief Duffield Resists Pressure to Talk With Oracle PeopleSoft Inc. Chief Executive David Duffield resisted pressure to open talks with Oracle Corp. after shareholders voted to support Oracle #39;s \$8.8 billion takeover bid.
The Swift Gamma-Ray Burst Mission Swift successfully launched today at 12:16 PM EST! Spacecraft separation occurred at about 80 minutes after launch as expected. Congratulations to the entire Swift team.
JFK Assassination Video Game Release 11/22/04- A British company is releasing a video game that recreates the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy, on this 41st anniversary of the shooting.
Electrical giant hits eject on videos ONCE seen as the cutting edge of technology which would change the way we watch television, the video recorder has been usurped by another revolution in home entertainment, the DVD machine.
NFL roundup for Monday, Nov. 22, 2004 JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Steve McNair returned to the lineup for the first time in a month, throwing a touchdown pass and directing two other scoring drives in the Titans 18-15 upset in Jacksonville.
Barrot overshadows new EU executive French transport commissioner Jacques Barrot is under pressure to explain to MEPs why he did not mention his involvement in a French political party funding scandal.
Oracle claims support of PeopleSoft shareholders PeopleSoft has remained defiant in the long-running hostile takeover bid by Oracle, despite  #39;over 60 #39; of its shareholders coming down in favour of its rival.
Krispy Kreme Posts Net Loss After Charges Struggling doughnut shop chain Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store closing costs.
Xstrata sets hostile bid for WMC Xstrata on Monday launched a hostile bid for the Australian miner WMC Resources in what analysts predicted could turn into an international bidding war as the global hunt for inexpensive resources to supply China intensifies.
Starbucks Buys Stake in German Operations Starbucks Corp. (SBUX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it now owns 100 percent of its German operations after buying KarstadtQuelle AG #39;s (KARG.
ING ends link with Baring name Dutch bank ING, which paid 1 for Baring, the British investment bank brought to the brink by Nick Leeson, is to sell its remaining Baring division.
Absa Says Stake-Sale Talks With Barclays Progressing (Update4) Absa Group Ltd., South Africa #39;s fourth- biggest bank, said talks to sell a controlling stake to Barclays Plc, the UK #39;s No.
Pulitzer Inc. for sale? ST. LOUIS The newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. has said that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to improve shareholder value.
Mizuho, Sumitomo Mitsui Post Lower Profits Mizuho and Sumitomo Mitsui, two of Japan #39;s four biggest banking groups, reported Monday that their group net profits for the first fiscal half fell from the previous year, despite some progress in getting rid of bad debts.
US Air Force #39;s security to depend on Microsoft The US Air Force (USAF) is drafting Microsoft to help simplify its networks and software contracts, a move that could improve its computer security and deliver savings of \$100m.
Anglos win World Cup ENGLANDS Paul Casey and Luke Donald clinched the World Cup by one shot in Seville. The pair trailed Spain by one at the start of the final day but fired a closing alternate-shot 64 for 31 under to overhaul the local favourites.
McLeish hails duo at heart of Gers #39; derby resurgence RANGERS manager Alex McLeish has hailed Alex Rae and Dado Prso as the pillars of strength who have helped turn around the clubs derby-day fortunes.
Liberty likely for Bhutto A Pakistani court has granted bail to the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, which should result in his release after eight years in prison.
Federer Ends Brilliant Year with Masters Title  HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer capped  one of the finest seasons in tennis history by successfully  defending his Masters Cup crown with a devastating 6-3, 6-2  final win over Lleyton Hewitt on Sunday.
Federer Fills Space Left by Retirement of Sampras  LONDON (Reuters) - When Pete Sampras confirmed his  retirement at the 2003 U.S. Open, the phrase "we may never see  his like again" was heard around the tennis world.
Spurs Hang On To Beat Pistons The Spurs led by as many as 21 points in the third quarter, but the Pistons stayed aggressive and San Antonio got sloppy. In the end, despite Detroit #39;s valiant comeback, the Spurs hung on for a 80-77 victory.
Iraq to Ask Iran, Turkey for Border Help (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq will ask Iran and\Turkey for border security arrangements to keep foreign\militants out, similar to measures already agreed with Syria,\the Iraqi Foreign Minister said on Monday.
Apple reboots into retailing (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Carolyn Ramsay couldn't figure out why she couldn't fit more digital pictures into her Apple iBook laptop. So she brought it to the Apple Store here, where one of the resident technicians - called "Geniuses" - found a quick solution.
Krispy Kreme Posts Net Loss After Charges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Struggling doughnut shop chain Krispy  Kreme Doughnuts Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported an unexpected  quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store  closing costs.
Campaign season lasting into December Is Saturday the end of a football season or Election Day? Between speculation about polls and appeals to voters, it #39;s difficult to tell.
Uncertainty surrounds Myanmar prisoner release as families wait (AFP) AFP - Myanmar's planned release of nearly 4,000 prisoners appeared to have halted with no sign of any easing of restrictions around the nation's most famous detainee, democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
Before the Bell: Krispy Kreme Down 11 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; fell 11 percent before the bell on Monday after the  struggling doughnut shop chain reported a quarterly net loss  because of impairment charges and store closing costs.
ING ends link with  Baring name ING, the Dutch bank which bought Baring in 1995 for 1 after rogue trader Nick Leeson ran up losses of more than 800m, ending its use of the Baring name.
Growth Rate in Health Cost to Employers Slowed in '04 After years of double-digit cost increases, employers are seeing a significant slowing in the rate of growth in what they pay for employee health insurance.
JFK shooting game provokes anger A computer firm is criticised by the Kennedy family for producing a game recreating the president's death.
PeopleSoft Won #39;t Go Quietly A major battle is over, but the war for PeopleSoft (PSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) rages on. Executives of the business software giant continued to resist Oracle #39;s (ORCL:Nasdaq - news - research) \$9 billion 
Alliance with AstraZeneca is CAT #39;s whiskers for biotech firm UK biotechnology company Cambridge Antibody Technology has announced a five-year alliance with pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca. CAT said AstraZeneca will make an upfront equity investment in CAT worth 75 
Trump Hotels, Hurt by Debt, Files for Bankruptcy (Update1) Donald Trump #39;s Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. filed for bankruptcy protection with a plan to cut debt by \$400 million and renovate its properties.
Firefox ignites web browser market The Mozilla Foundation #39;s launch of its open-source web browser last week prompted Microsoft to break its silence about Internet Explorer.
VCRs erased from the High Street Consumer electronics chain store Dixons is to stop selling video recorders because of the rise in popularity of DVD technology. The store, which has sold VCRs for 26 years, said that DVD sales had damaged 
Compensation for plane crash victims underway Chinese insurance companies are checking the information of policy holders who died in the Sunday-morning plane crash in north China #39;s Inner Mongolia.
Iraq to Ask Iran, Turkey for Border Help Iraq will ask Iran and Turkey for border security arrangements to keep foreign militants out, similar to measures already agreed with Syria, the Iraqi Foreign Minister said on Monday.
Bush plucks bodyguard to safety President George W Bush may have boosted his  quot;can-do quot; image when he came to the rescue of one of his bodyguards at an international summit in Chile.
India-Pakistan relations improving: Pakistani PM Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz hailed here Monday what he termed improving relations betweenPakistan and India. Aziz, who arrived here on Sunday for a two day visit to 
Miami (FL) Hurricanes MIAMI (Ticker) -- Either 11th-ranked Virginia Tech or No. 9 Miami will win the Atlantic Coast Conference #39;s automatic BCS bowl berth in its first year in the league when the former Big East Conference rivals meet Saturday at the Orange Bowl.
Israel pledges cooperation on Palestinian poll US secretary of state, Colin Powell, and Israeli foreign minister, Silvan Shalom. Photograph: David Guttenfelder/ AP. Israel today assured Colin Powell, the US secretary of state, that it would do  quot;everything 
Benazir Bhutto #39;s husband granted bail Asif Ali Zardari, former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto #39;s husband, was granted bail in a corruption case by the Supreme Court on Monday, paving way for his release after some eight years in jail, lawyers said.
India ; India withdraws around 3000 troops from Kashmir India News, JAMMU, India - India pulled out around 3,000 troops from Kashmir Saturday in a planned withdrawal of army units from the region, officials said, as the peace process between New Delhi and Islamabad came under strain this week.
Meyer Spurns Irish for Gators In the aftermath of the controversial firings of their football coaches, Notre Dame and Florida were desperate to hire Utah Coach Urban Meyer.
Trump Hotels files for bankruptcy The flagship company of businessman and television star Donald Trump files for bankruptcy protection in the US.
Oil Jumps to Two-Week High on Concern About Heating-Fuel Supply Crude oil climbed to a two-week high on concern colder winter weather will drain supplies of North American and European heating fuels before inventories rebound.
Krispy Kreme Posts Net Loss After Charges Struggling doughnut shop chain Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported an unexpected quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store closing costs.
Camden Named Most-Dangerous City In US TRENTON, NJ -- Camden has become the nation #39;s most-dangerous city, but two Ocean County municipalities are among the safest, according to a Kansas company #39;s yearly ranking based on crime statistics.
American Airlines lowers Miami fares To draw business from smaller airlines operating out of a nearby airport, American Airlines has lowered its fares at Miami International.
Dixons wipes the VCR from its stores The news that the Dixon #39;s group is to stop selling the venerable VCR is the end of an era. As with the launch of Dire Straits  #39;Brothers in Arms #39; CD in the early 1980s which was seen as the tipping point between 
Bells #39; video gamble com November 22, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread IP telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Awesome Federer caps momentous year Following a resounding defeat in the Masters Cup final, Lleyton Hewitt stated the obvious in hailing Roger Federer as the  quot;stand-out player of the last year and a half quot;.
Teen: I thought I  #39;was going to die #39; By MADELYN TROYANEK, Staff. Grant Bradley, 14, of Crescent Beach, said he thought he  quot;was going to die quot; when a 350-pound tiger pounced on him late Saturday at the St.
Conference Members Back Iraqi Efforts Countries taking part in the conference on Iraq differ on how to assist the nation, but they strongly support the interim government #39;s efforts 
Husband of Bhutto is granted bail ISLAMABAD, Pakistan The Supreme Court granted bail on Monday to the jailed husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, a defense lawyer and a government spokesman said.
European Game, Already on a High, Eyes Major Peaks  LONDON (Reuters) - England's victory at the WGC-World Cup  of Golf in Spain on Sunday has capped a remarkable year for  Paul Casey and Luke Donald, British golf and the European game  in general.
Blood, knives, cage hint at atrocities (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Acting on information from a man who claimed to have escaped from militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's network, the U.S. military over the weekend inspected a house where intelligence officers believe hostages were detained, tortured and possibly killed.
Regulators Warn About Recalled Toys (AP) AP - A reminder from the government: check those holiday shopping lists to make sure no recalled children's toys are on them.
UN staff union mulls no-confidence motion against senior UN management (AFP) AFP - The UN staff union was meeting to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the United Nations, which has been hit by a series of scandals involving top UN officials.
Iraq to Ask Iran, Turkey for Border Help  SHARM EL-SHEIKH, Egypt (Reuters) - Iraq will ask Iran and  Turkey for border security arrangements to keep foreign  militants out, similar to measures already agreed with Syria,  the Iraqi Foreign Minister said on Monday.
HK Disneyland Theme Park to Open in September  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong's Disneyland theme park  will open on Sept. 12, 2005 and become the driving force for  growth in the city's tourism industry, Hong Kong's government  and Walt Disney Co. said on Monday.
Iran Suspends Uranium Enrichment Iran has suspended uranium enrichment and all related activities, state-run radio reported Monday, honoring an agreement with Europe designed to head off possible U.N. sanctions.
Group Agrees to Reduce Iraqi Debt Major economic powers agreed Sunday to write off more than \$31 billion in debt for Iraq in a deal that boosted U.S. efforts to help put the Iraqi economy back on its feet.
Stern Sidekick Quivers Working on Daytime Show Robin Quivers, the radio personality best known as co-host on Howard Stern's syndicated morning show, has signed a deal with Sony Pictures Television to create a pilot that would likely become a one-hour daytime talk show.
PeopleSoft board won #39;t negotiate takeover with Oracle PeopleSoft (Profile, Products, Articles) Inc. won #39;t discuss a sale to Oracle (Profile, Products, Articles) Corp. for a price of \$24 per share, the company #39;s board of directors 
Before the Bell: Krispy Kreme Down 11 Pct Shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 11 percent before the bell on Monday after the struggling doughnut shop chain reported a quarterly net loss 
Netherlands ING to Sell Baring Activities Dutch bank and insurer ING Group said Monday it will sell the activities of Baring Asset Management, nearly a decade after it purchased the remains of the bankrupt British bank Barings.
Trump Hotels files for bankruptcy The flagship company of flamboyant businessman Donald Trump has filed for voluntary bankruptcy in the US. Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts has gone into Chapter 11 protection as it tries to restructure \$1.8bn (969m) in debt.
Ryanair #39;s northern expansion opens new routes to the Med The Mediterranean came a little closer to sun seekers in the north-west today after Ryanair announced a new hub and nine extra routes including southern France, Italy and Spain.
Mozilla Firefox Browser Blazes Across the Globe Blake Ross started working on building  quot;a better quot; browser while other kids were just getting hooked on instant messenger.
Linux-based Software Platform for 3G Phones NEC Corporation and Panasonic Mobile announced that they have developed a Linux-based software platform for third-generation (3G) mobile phones.
Sharon to let Palestinians from East Jerusalem vote JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel has agreed that Palestinians from East Jerusalem should participate in the election next year of a Palestinian leader, his office said Monday.
ADV: Free Anti-Virus Scan Is your computer slowing down or crashing?  A virus may be responsible.  Scan now for free!  Unlimited phone support with subscription.  Blocks viruses, worms, spyware, spam and popups.
Oracle to PeopleSoft: Redeem Poison Pill Oracle Corp. on Monday said it has asked Peoplesoft Inc. #39;s board of directors to immediately redeem the company #39;s poison pill, two days after 61 percent of PeopleSoft shareholders tendered 
Trump casino business files for bankruptcy NEW YORK -- Donald J. Trump #39;s casino empire has filed for bankruptcy protection after months of negotiations with bondholders over restructructuring a crushing debt.
Krispy Kreme Posts Loss, Scraps Revenue Forecast (Update5) Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. posted a fiscal third-quarter loss of \$3 million on costs to close stores after same-store sales fell for the first time as a public company.
Cary Named Ninth Safest City In Nation CARY, NC -- The town of Cary has been ranked ninth in a list of the nation #39;s safest cities. When it comes to the nation #39;s most dangerous cities, Camden, NJ, topped the list, snatching the distinction from Detroit, which came in second.
New York man wins \$149M lottery Like most parking lot attendants, Juan Rodriguez knows how tantalizing and frustrating it can be to drive a luxury car, only to have to surrender it all too quickly for a pair of crumpled dollars.
Hardie feels boycott pain ASBESTOS-RELATED boycotts of James Hardie products have forced the controversial building products maker to slash its profit forecast.
Russia Looking to Moon and Beyond for Future Space Base in 2020 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Russian automatic base may be established on the Moon in 2020-2025, an official of the Russian Space Agency said. Speaking in Washington at a NASA conference on the International Space System program, Nikolai 
Canon PowerShot A95 The PowerShot  quot;A quot; series from Canon has been a hit worldwide and as far as India is concerned, the entry-level and mainstream models are all well placed to attract lot of attention.
NBA throws the record book at brawlers The look on NBA Commissioner David Stern #39;s face mirrored his last name Sunday night as he walked briskly into the Madison Square Garden rotunda to lay down his version of the law 
Fans have other favorites, but Busch has other ideas As Busch celebrated his 2004 Nextel Cup championship, most of the 80,000 fans turned their backs and walked out of Homestead-Miami Speedway, leaving the 26-year-old first-time champion to himself.
Nephew has Arafat medical file No evidence exists that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died of poisoning, his nephew says. But at a press conference in Paris, Nasser al-Quidwa did not definitely dismiss 
Asia Pacific divide widening as leaders fail to grapple with key &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO (AFP) - An Asia-Pacific divide is widening as the United States sinks under the weight of a ballooning current account deficit and a plummeting dollar, analysts said after a regional summit here.
Bhutto #39;s husband granted bail Pakistan #39;s Supreme Court has granted bail to the husband of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto in a move that could improve relations between military leader Pervez Musharraf and one of the country #39;s main parties.
Prince bids to end row with Clarke The Prince of Wales will use a speech today to end a public row that has erupted between himself and Education Secretary Charles Clarke.
Ravens, Minus Jamal Lewis, Beat Cowboys (AP) AP - Kyle Boller displayed the poise and confidence of a maturing second-year quarterback in leading the Baltimore Ravens to their third straight victory.
Report: North Korea Cracking Down on Mobile Phones (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea is cracking down on the use\of mobile phones in border areas in a bid to stop smuggling and\"spy activities," Japan's Kyodo news agency said on Monday.
GPL 3 to Take on IP, Patents (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - With a relatively hostile environment that has pitted proprietary software against open source as a backdrop, the Free Software Foundation, the steward of the GNU General Public License, is working on the first revamp to the license in 13 years.
Oracle to PeopleSoft: Redeem Poison Pill (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp. on Monday said it has\asked Peoplesoft Inc.'s board of directors to immediately\redeem the company's poison pill, two days after 61 percent of\PeopleSoft shareholders tendered their stock for Oracle's\ #36;24-a-share hostile offer.
As Ice Thaws, Arctic Peoples at Loss for Words (Reuters) Reuters - What are the words used by\indigenous peoples in the Arctic for "hornet," "robin," "elk,"\"barn owl" or "salmon?" If you don't know, you're not alone.
Arafat's Nephew Says Cause of Death Inconclusive  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's nephew said on Monday  that medical records released by France showed no trace of  known poisons in the late Palestinian leader but the cause of  death remained a mystery.
Researchers Study Drunken Rats (AP) AP - A collection of drunken rats is helping University of North Carolina researchers understand how brains repair themselves after chronic drinking  #151; and possibly find new ways to help alcoholics recover full mental capacity.
Swedes Launch Scientific Research Rocket (AP) AP - A Swedish Space Corp. sounding rocket successfully carried eight scientific experiments into the edge of space on Monday.
Reggae stars 'help to spread HIV' Reggae and rap homophobic lyrics are stoking the spread of HIV, a UK minister warns on a Caribbean visit.
Elephants in the Living Room The United States is facing the possibility of a severe economic correction. Yet most of the causes of such a correction are, for the most part, being completely ignored in preference to partisan bickering. It is the proverbial elephant in the living room - except it is not just one, but several elephants that everyone is doing their best to ignore. While the likelihood that any of these issues could result in disaster is low, these are issues worth taking the time to discuss.
World's remotest islet back on the map &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Designer cartography from The Rockall Times
eBay , PayPal and the Virgin Mary &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Scammed &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers write
419er seeks flatshare with &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; reader Suit professional fraudster, n/s, gsoh
Bangladesh to tackle corruption A new anti-corruption watchdog for Bangladesh has been welcomed by global anti-graft campaigners.
Absa and Barclays 'close' to deal South Africa's biggest retail bank says it is close to announcing a deal for Barclays to take a majority stake in its business.
China raises stakes in Zimbabwe China is taking its long-standing investment in Zimbabwe to new heights, as Air Zimbabwe starts bi-weekly flights to Beijing.
Internet sales growing strongly The value of UK online sales more than doubles, as a growing number of people choose to shop via the internet, data shows.
Oracle: Let #39;s get past this  #39;impasse #39; com November 22, 2004, 7:41 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
American Airlines Defers Aircraft Delivery American Airlines reported Monday that it will defer the delivery of 54 aircraft in order to postpone capital spending and allow the airline more flexibility in its restructuring.
Krispy Kreme Posts Loss, Stock Off 16 Pct Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a quarterly loss due to store closings and sluggish sales, sending its stock down 16 percent.
Campbell Soup Posts Higher 1Q Profit Campbell Soup Co., the world #39;s largest soup maker, posted better-than-expected first-quarter earnings on Monday, citing strong sales of condensed soup and broth products.
Trump files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. filed for bankruptcy protection over the weekend, an outgrowth of the debt-laden company #39;s latest plan to secure desperately needed financing.
Mylan not interested in Icahn talks Mylan Laboratories Inc. #39;s board Monday shunned an overture by financier Carl Icahn and said the company intends to remain independent while pursuing its proposed acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals, which Icahn opposes.
Holiday travel back on the map Traveling this Thanksgiving may not be as easy as it was last year. And that is both good and bad news. On the upside: The long lines at airports 
UK ; Last Rites Sounded for Life-Changing Video Format  quot;We are now entering the digital age and the new DVD technology available represents a step-change in picture quality and convenience, quot; said marketing director John Mewett.
ICQ Updates Its Web-Based E-Mail The increasingly competitive Web mail market has a new player: Instant messaging provider ICQ. The company now offers a fee-based service that includes 2GB of storage, a calendar feature, task manager, notepad 
The Pitfalls of VoIP 11/22/2004. Using your computer and Internet connection to make local and long distance calls has been getting a lot of attention lately.
Microsoft pact with Air Force could be model for DOD An enterprisewide software and services agreement the Air Force has signed with Microsoft promises to save the service more than \$100 million in direct costs and an undefined but significant amount through indirect costs, according to Air Force CIO John 
Chipsets boost Wi-Fi range by 50 per cent Broadcom today unveiled two wireless Lan chipsets which it claims allow Wi-Fi users to maintain high speed wireless connections at distances up to 50 per cent greater than previous offerings.
Tecmo president slams Sony #39;s PS3 plans Junji Nakamura, president of Japanese publisher Tecmo, has slammed Sony #39;s plans for the PlayStation 3, accusing the firm of allowing its ambitions in the home appliance space to overshadow its commitment to games.
New Skulls Program Kills Cell Phone Applications Virus authors have found new prey. They are going after Symbian based cell phones with a new trojan horse that kills applications and replaces their icons with a skull image.
Study: Learning to Run Propelled Evolution New research suggests that developing the ability to run - long thought to be a byproduct of walking for early man - was actually an instrumental step in the evolution of people 
Artest Suspended for Remainder of Season (Indianapolis-November 22, 2004) -- The Pacers will concentrate today on forming a new game plan for the season, one that doesn #39;t involve three of its top players.
Police and FA to investigate racism allegations at Blackburn London, England (Sports Network) - Just four days after racist chants marred a friendly between England and Spain, Birmingham City says striker Dwight Yorke was racially abused during a match at Blackburn on Sunday.
Victory in Japan reignites Tiger #39;s fire Boosted by a first strokeplay title in more than a year, Tiger Woods is champing at the bit to mount a fresh major challenge in 2005.
Op To Keep Larsson Out Until 2005 Barcelona striker Henrik Larsson is set for Monday knee surgery and will be lost to the Spanish leaders for the rest of the calendar year.
Beasley leads PSV to 10th straight shutout win in Dutch league US midfielder DaMarcus Beasley scored a goal Sunday to help lead PSV Eindhoven past Vitesse Arnhem 2-0 in the Dutch league -- the 10th straight shutout for unbeaten PSV.
E. Manning #39;s Education Begins The Atlanta Falcons were clinging to a seven-point lead in the final minute of the third quarter Sunday at Giants Stadium and they needed to force a mistake by the New 
Raptors #39; Williams undergoes knee surgery, out for season TORONTO -- Toronto Raptors point guard Alvin Williams will miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery on his right knee Monday.
Bernie #39;s back in court Bernie Ecclestone will return to court on Monday for the start of the High Court case involving Formula One Holdings (FOH) and Speed Investments.
Tiger attacks teen, owner A tiger attacked his owner and a teenager at a county fair in St. Augustine, but neither suffered major injuries. Curtice LoGiudice, owner of the tiger, suffered puncture 
JFK assassination  #39;game #39; stirs up controversy A PC game produced by Scottish firm Traffic Games has come under fire from the family of former US president John F Kennedy for allowing gamers to play through his assassination as sniper Lee Harvey Oswald.
Fourth-quarter earnings by Fisher, Henderson and Favre Quarterback Brett Favre #39;s longest run in two seasons stood as the second-longest run by the Green Bay Packers offense Sunday night.
Air Force Consolidates Contracts, Software NOVEMBER 22, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The US Air Force last week announced an enterprisewide software licensing agreement with Microsoft Corp.
Flat Chance Prices on cool TVs are dropping as new factories come on line. Is now the time to buy? Doug Gale, a 30-year-old Dallas banker, returned from a vacation to Tokyo and Hong Kong in 2001 raving as much about TV 
Something #39;s a little fishy about PETA #39;s priorities News Item: NASA #39;s Cassini-Huygens spacecraft to broadcast French rock  #39;n #39; roll as it approaches Saturn #39;s moon Titan.
No bilateral talks during Aziz #39;s visit India is unlikely to respond to any major bilateral issues during Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz #39;s two-day visit to New Delhi starting Tuesday.
China iron mines fire kills 57 At least thirty-three miners have been killed in a fire broke out on Saturday morning at five iron mines in Shahe, North China #39;s Hebei Province.
Chinese President urges Koizumi to stop shrine visits, improve &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chinese President Hu Jintao on Sunday urged Japan to properly treat its war time history with an eye to the future, and called for a halt to visits by Japanese leaders to a shrine honoring World War II criminals.
Bulgaria Reluctant to Write Off Iraqi Debt Bulgaria is reluctant to write off a US\$1.7 billion (euro1.3 billion) debt it is owed by Iraq, despite mounting international pressure on Iraq #39;s creditors to agree on substantial debt reduction, officials said Monday.
Some 25,000 march in Muslim-organized German demonstration against &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; COLOGNE, Germany An anti-terror march by German Muslims has brought about 25-thousand people to the city of Cologne. Marchers carried signs saying  quot;religion doesn #39;t produce terror quot; and rallied at a downtown square.
Nextel Gets Navy Cell Phone Contract Nextel Communications Inc. said Monday that it received a contract worth up to \$100 million to provide the Navy with cell phone service.
Mukesh Ambani denies feud over Reliance ownership (LEAD): Business India: Mumbai, Nov 22 : Mukesh Ambani, chairman of India #39;s largest private business firm Reliance Industries, Monday rubbished the talk of a family feud over the company #39;s ownership, saying the foundations of the company are very strong.
New JFK video game called  #39;despicable #39; A new video game that allows players to recreate the 1963 assassination of US president John F. Kennedy is being called  quot;despicable quot; by family members.
Nvidia Shores Up Development Gap with Intel Pact Under a cross-licensing agreement with Intel, Nvidia will be able to develop its nForce platform for Pentium chips. The agreement will give the graphics chip maker a boost in its race to keep 
RTX Provides Cordless Phones for Net-Based Calls Danish electronics equipment maker RTX Telecom RTX.CO said on Monday it had signed an agreement with Skype, a provider of Internet-based voice telephony, to develop and market cordless handsets.
Trojan begins climbing aboard some smart phones A Trojan program called Skulls has appeared that disables many of the functions of Internet-enabled cell phones using the operating system from the Symbian Ltd.
Larsson surgery blow Swedish striker Henrik Larsson is expecting his injury, sustained on the weekend playing for Barcelona against Real Madrid, to lead to surgery.
Watson comes up a winner twice Tom Watson walked off the 18th green at Kiawah Island Clubs Cassique course Sunday afternoon wearing a huge smile. Part of that was the thrill of victory, but there was a certain parental pride involved, too.
Apple Up After Analysts Raise Target Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) shares jumped as much as 16 percent on Monday, to their highest level in more than 4 years, after a Wall Street analyst nearly doubled his price target on the stock.
But bad loan disposals ahead of schedule TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japan #39;s largest bank Mizuho Financial Group and third-largest bank Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group said Monday their first-half net profit fell from a year earlier, but both achieved their goals of halving bad loan ratios ahead of schedule 
Australia #39;s WMC Puts Defense Hopes In Untapped Resource OLYMPIC DAM, South Australia (Dow Jones)--WMC Resources Ltd. (WMR.AU) is pinning its defense from aA\$7.4 billion takeover bid by Xstrata PLC (XTA.
No ownership issues: Mukesh Ambani Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani today sought to quell a raging controversy over his reported differences with his brother, Anil Ambani.
Video Joins Long Line of Out-Dated Technology The decision by high street electrical chain Dixons to no longer sell the machines could soon mean RIP for the VCR. But VHS (video home system) is just 
HELP FILE QI #39;m about to replace a couple of older computers whose Web browsers have memorized the user IDs and passwords I use at many financial sites.
RTX Provides Cordless Phones for Net-Based Calls Danish electronics equipment maker RTX Telecom (RTX.CO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it had signed an agreement with Skype, a provider of Internet-based voice telephony, to develop and market cordless handsets.
Larsson #39;s season in jeopardy Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - Barcelona #39;s Henrik Larsson appears likely to miss the remainder of the season after it was discovered that he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
Ecclestone in Court Battle for Control of Formula One Bernie Ecclestone today faced a potential knockout blow in his fight to maintain control of Formula One racing. Creditor banks which own 75 of parent company Formula One Holdings (FOH) asked 
Notice: IE  #39;worm #39; targets IOL ad supplier Every 30th or so request for an advert was redirected to another compromised server, which in turn tried to execute the Bofra Internet Explorer exploit in an attempt to infect the user #39;s machine.
Pakistan gives bail to Bhutto #39;s husband The husband of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was granted bail Monday by the country #39;s supreme court, the BBC reported.
Firefox Excites Web Browser World The release of the open-source Web browser by the Mozilla Foundation last week prompted Microsoft to break the silence about Internet Explorer.
AMD Loses nVidia Monopoly The new deal is broad-ranging, allowing nVidia to license Intel #39;s front side bus technology so that it can build integrated chipsets for motherboards while also leaving the door open for cooperation on other fronts.
Dollar Continues Slide Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar slid back toward last week's\record low against the euro on Monday after a weekend meeting\of world finance chiefs ended with no agreement to stem the\greenback's decline.
Hungarian central bank cuts key interest rate by half a point (AFP) AFP - Hungary's central bank again lowered its benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points, from 10.5 to 10 percent, the bank said.
Formula One supremo Ecclestone faces legal challenge (AFP) AFP - A legal dispute which is expected to be a decisive factor in whether rights holder Bernie Ecclestone continues to dominate Formula One racing began.
Ex-Rwandan Officer Pleads Innocent (AP) AP - A former senior Rwandan army officer pleaded innocent Monday before a U.N. tribunal to six counts of genocide and crimes against humanity for his alleged role in the 1994 Rwanda genocide.
Powell Wins Israeli Pledge on Palestinian Election  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reviving a long-dormant U.S.  peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an  Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians enough freedom  of movement to hold an election for Yasser Arafat's successor.
U.S. Raids Afghan Compounds in U.N. Hostage Search  KABUL (Reuters) - U.S.-led troops searching for three U.N.  hostages blasted their way into compounds in Kabul on Monday  and detained 12 people while militants claiming to hold the  U.N. workers warned the government against any tricks.
N.Irish 'Bloody Sunday' Probe Enters Final Phase  LONDONDERRY, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - The  longest-running and costliest public inquiry in British legal  history -- into Northern Ireland's so-called "Bloody Sunday" --  entered its final phase on Monday.
Boeing in a Holding Pattern The company's stock seems fairly valued with all the uncertainty in the air.
Black Friday's Fade to Gray You don't need to get mauled at the mall anymore. Online storefronts are here to save the day.
Poor diet linked to bad behaviour \Children who have a poor diet are more likely to become aggressive and anti-social, US researchers believe.
Pixar's Folly The emergence of another Toy Story flick leads one to wonder who has the upper hand in Pixar's relationship with Disney.
Credit Cards Sabotaging Mortgages Your credit card company might be needlessly costing you thousands.
Bush to Tout Anti-Drug Efforts in Colombia President Bush aims to highlight American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a stop in the Andean nation where thousands of security forces are deployed to safeguard his brief stay.
Bush to Tout U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts President Bush aims to highlight American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a stop in the Andean nation where thousands of security forces are deployed to safeguard his brief stay.
Condi Gets Her Shot She argued the hard-liners' case on Iraq. But the next Secretary of State remains an ideological puzzle
South Carolina Coach Holtz Gives Up Game (AP) AP - South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced Monday he will retire, ending one of the most successful and colorful college football careers.
Heikki scoops prestigious award! Heikki Kovalainen, World Series by Nissan Champion and RDD member, was named Racing Driver of the Year in Finland last week.
Trump Gambles on Bankruptcy Move The casino arm of tycoon Donald Trumps business empire has filed for bankruptcy protection in the face of tough competition. The move will allow the hard-nosed businessman to restructure the business and its debts.
US: Bacardi CEO announces resignation The CEO of Bacardi has resigned. The company announced today (22 November) that Javier Ferran has stepped down and that the search for a successor was underway.
DS points the way for the next generation of handheld games Nintendo, the reigning champ of portable gaming, has released its latest hardware: the Nintendo DS. The DS has gotten a head start on its upcoming competition - that would be Sony #39;s 
Microsoft targets older web users For people trying to get their ageing parents on the web so they can read e-mail and get digital photos of the family, Microsoft has a message: Don #39;t give up.
Broadcom Covers More Area No one every said Wi-Fi was perfect. It suffers from difficult setup, questionable security, interferences from appliances, and doesn #39;t always stretch its signal as far as advertised.
SONY WANTS HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCE DOMINANCE, SNORTS TECMO BOSS DOA developer head ranks the PS3 alongside microwaves, cookers and TV sets, it would seem... 14:21 Oh, how we enjoy a good old dig from the big boys.
Morning After The Morning After -- Every week, uncut, honest thoughts first thing Monday morning, win or lose, before there #39;s time for  quot;the coach quot; inside to begin thinking rationally.
Oracle steps up pressure on PeopleSoft Saying the financial projections for 2005 made by Pleasanton-based business software maker PeopleSoft are  quot;simply not credible, quot; Redwood Shores-based Oracle Corp.
Baltimore Ranks High In Dangerous Cities List TRENTON, NJ -- Camden, NJ, has been named the nation #39;s most-dangerous metropolitan area, snatching the top spot from Detroit. The rankings were based in crime statistics compiled by Morgan Quitno Corporation 
Update 1: Campbell Soup Profit Up on Sales Increase Campbell Soup Co., the world #39;s largest soupmaker, reported a 9 percent gain in first-quarter profits Monday as sales of products from soups to chocolates rose.
Embattled retailer downbeat on profit DUSSELDORF - Struggling German retail concern KarstadtQuelle asked shareholders Monday for a EUR 500 million capitalisation increase, at the same time cautioning that it may only just barely turn a profit again in 2005.
Bacardi CEO Ferran to depart for family NEW YORK -- Bacardi Ltd. Monday said President and Chief Executive Officer Javier Ferran has resigned for family reasons after more than 18 years with the distiller.
Microsoft Is No Threat To Google -- Yet In the past decade, searching the Web has grown from an academic experiment to a multibillion-dollar business. Microsoft (MSFT ) has not been a player, being content to outsource its MSN Search service to rival Yahoo!
LARSSON SUFFERS INJURY AGONY Barcelona striker Henrik Larsson is unlikely to play again this year because of a knee injury. The Sweden international had to be carried from the Nou Camp pitch during the second half of Saturday night #39;s 
Locusts cover Eilat A new swarm of locusts reached Eilat this morning, covering sidewalks, streets, beaches, gardens and parks. Some locusts entered peoples #39; homes.
Oil Eases as Heating Oil Spike Subsides  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Monday in  profit-taking on heating oil from sharp gains last week sparked  by concerns over low supplies of winter heating fuels.
Krispy Kreme Posts Loss, Stock Off 16 Pct  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Monday reported a quarterly loss due to store closings and  sluggish sales, sending its stock down 16 percent.
Dollar Continues Slide Vs Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar slid back toward last week's  record low against the euro on Monday after a weekend meeting  of world finance chiefs ended with no agreement to stem the  greenback's decline.
Oracle to PeopleSoft: Rescind Poison Pill  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. on Monday said it asked  Peoplesoft Inc.'s board of directors to immediately rescind a  "poison pill" anti-takeover provision, two days after 61  percent of PeopleSoft shareholders tendered their stock in  favor of Oracle's \$24-a-share hostile offer.
U.S. Holiday Spending Expected to Rise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A rosier economic outlook will boost  U.S. holiday spending by up to 5 percent this year despite a  firm resolution by many consumers to spend less, a consumer  group said on Monday.
Pulitzer's Possible Sale Sends Shares Up  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Shares of newspaper publisher  Pulitzer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PTZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PTZ.N&lt;/A&gt; jumped as much as 18 percent on Monday  after it said it hired Goldman Sachs as a financial adviser to  explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale.
Stocks Edge Down, Hurt by Weak Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell slightly on Monday after a  meeting of rich and developing nations offered no resolution to  arrest the dollar's fall, adding to worries about the U.S.  economy and foreigners' appetite for U.S. stocks.
Cool Tech Three cheers for iPod mania! And that's only the start of our guide to the hottest, newest products in personal tech
Cool Games Friends! Romans! Oddball cosmic princes! In our ranking of 2004's\top 10 video games, you will meet them all
It's a Family Affair Murdoch is battling Malone to keep a tight grip on News Corp. -- and benefit heirs, if not shareholders
Oracle still in fight for PeopleSoft despite shareholder support After 18 months of heated rhetoric, antitrust judgments and a few billion dollars more, Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile bid for smaller rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Crude Oil Rises to Two-Week High on Heating Oil Supply Concern Crude oil rose to a two-week high on concern that heating oil supplies may be insufficient as the winter heating season approaches in North America and Europe.
Boeing, AMR Agree on Order Delay Boeing (BA :NYSE - news - research) shares slipped Monday after the plane maker and AMR (AMR :NYSE - news - research) agreed on a deal allowing the parent of American Airlines to defer 54 of 56 aircraft originally scheduled for delivery between 2006 and 
2 Local Cities Make List Of Most Dangerous Cities CLEVELAND -- Two northeast Ohio cities have made the list of most dangerous cities for different reasons. The city of Cleveland has been ranked the 20th most dangerous city in the country.
Paying \$1.14 bln for 8,000-mile natural-gas line NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Loews Corp. said Monday it would buy Gulf South Pipeline for \$1.14 billion, enhancing its natural-gas supply network across the southern and southeastern United States.
James Hardie hit hard Australia #39;s James Hardie Industries shares fell as much as 11 per cent after the company cut its full-year outlook because of higher costs and possible boycotts.
Nintendo launches DS Gaming giant Nintendo launched its latest handheld gaming device, the much-anticipated Nintendo DS on Sunday. Scheduled for release in time for the holiday season, the system is aimed at older, more sophisticated 
Bill Gates sees spam  quot;under control quot; in two years Spam, the junk mail that clogs the in-box of hundreds of millions of e-mail users, could become a thing of the past in around two years #39; time, Microsoft chairman Bill Gates (news - web sites) said on a visit to Madrid.
Bruce #39;s fury at racist taunts Steve Bruce today revealed he was  #39;sickened #39; by the racist taunting of striker Dwight Yorke. The Blues manager and the Trinidad  amp; Tobago star, 33, were due to meet today to decide 
Raiders can #39;t hold on OAKLAND - Let us bypass for a moment all that is debatable about yet another lost Raiders on Sunday. Let #39;s forget the for-now unforgettable, unprecedented and bizarre referee #39;s flag on rookie tackle Robert 
Budget airline faces bankruptcy Italy's Volare is expected to be declared insolvent, as it becomes the latest casualty of budget airline competition.
Oil price returns to near \$50 per barrel mark NEW YORK, November 22 (newratings.com) - Crude oil prices increased to near the \$50 per barrel mark this morning, amid renewed concerns surrounding a potential shortfall in the heating fuel supplies this winter.
Trump #39;s Casino Operation Files for Bankruptcy Donald J. Trump #39;s struggling casino operation has filed for bankruptcy reorganization, according to court documents, effectively commencing a recapitalization plan that was announced last month.
Happy trails ahead  quot;Over the river and through the woods quot; isn #39;t just a musical refrain as we enter the holiday season . It #39;s the real thing for most Americans, who are expected to hit the road in record numbers this year.
KarstadtQuelle Sheds Starbucks Venture, to Sell Bonds (Update4) KarstadtQuelle AG, Germany #39;s biggest department-store operator, agreed to sell its share of a venture to Starbucks Corp. and said it plans to issue at least 125 million euros (\$163 million) in convertible bonds to fund an overhaul.
Firefox lights up Web browser world NOVEMBER 22, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Firefox 1.0 appears to have sparked new activity in the Web browser market. The release of the open-source Web browser by the Mozilla Foundation earlier this month prompted Microsoft Corp.
Scientists hail ape find as missing link An extinct ape that lived 13 million years ago has been identified as the leading contender for the title of last common ancestor of humans and all great apes alive today.
How to buy a thin digital TV without the fat price Even in a big-screen era, most people don #39;t spend \$6,000 or \$8,000 on a television. Overall, more than two-thirds of the TVs sold in the United States this year will cost under 
Stern Measures in NBA Ron Artest has been hit with a season long suspension, unprecedented for the NBA outside doping cases; Stephen Jackson banned for 30 games; Jermaine O #39;Neal for 25 games and Anthony Johnson for five.
Woods cruises to eight shot victory in Japan In what became a walk in the park for the world #39;s number two golfer, Tiger Woods today strolled to his first stroke-play victory since the American Express in October of 2004, when he completed a wire-to-wire victory at the Dunlop Phoenix Tournament in 
Manning shows poise, penchant for rookie mistakes For everyone watching, from the fans and players to the national press, this is the drive they came to see. Rookie Eli Manning, the NFL #39;s number one pick making his first start for the Giants, barked out signals 
Scotland wins Intercontinental Cup A spectacular second-innings collapse by Canada enabled Scotland to win the inaugural ICC Intercontinental Cup final at Sharjah by an innings and 84 runs with more than a day to spare.
Patriots and Chiefs must score wisely (Nov. 22, 2004) -- If you go back to September before the season started and looked at the Monday Night Football schedule, this game between New England and Kansas City stood out as one of the premiere matchups.
Cause of death unclear, says Arafat nephew Toxicology tests outlined in Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records did not find any known poisons, the late Palestinian leader #39;s nephew said today, adding that the records gave no clear cause of death.
Pakistani court grants bail to Bhutto #39;s husband ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani court yesterday granted bail to the husband of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto, and officials from her party said the decision should result in his release after eight years in prison.
Victory in Japan Reignites Tiger's Fire  LONDON (Reuters) - Boosted by a first strokeplay title in  more than a year, Tiger Woods is champing at the bit to mount a  fresh major challenge in 2005.
S.C. Football Coach Holtz Calls It Quits South Carolina coach Lou Holtz walked away from coaching Monday, ending a 33-year career that was one of the most successful and colorful in college football history.
Toys R Us Narrows Loss on Kids R Us Sale (AP) AP - Toys R Us Inc., the nation's second biggest toy retailer, reported a narrower third-quarter loss as a gain on the sale of Kids R Us stores boosted results despite a sales decline.
NVE's Nanotrap Snares Speculators NVE Corporation's claim to MRAM fame doesn't stand up to nanoscrutiny.
Stelco Loses Contract to Supply GM Steel  VANCOUVER, British Columbia (Reuters) - Stelco Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STEa.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STEa.TO&lt;/A&gt; has lost a contract to supply steel to General Motors  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt;, its biggest customer, because the insolvent  Canadian steelmaker failed to strike a deal with its workers,  the union at Stelco said on Monday.
Oracle #39;s next fight seen at boardroom LOS ANGLES (CBS.MW) - Following its latest rejection, the next stage in Oracle Corp #39;s battle to buy PeopleSoft is set to begin in a courtroom on Wednesday.
American, Boeing reach agreement on aircraft deliveries American Airlines will defer 54 of 56 aircraft originally scheduled for delivery between 2006 and 2010, American and Boeing Co. said Monday.
AstraZeneca feeds CAT The UK drug maker AstraZeneca today agreed to take a 20 stake in Cambridge Antibody Technology (CAT), one of Britain #39;s leading biotechnology companies.
CNN Hires New President for Its U.S. News Group (Reuters) Reuters - CNN News Group on Monday said it has\tapped an online media CEO as its new president overseeing U.S.\news, just a little over a year after it hired a former local\TV newsman to run its domestic operations.
Dixons pulls the plug on VCR sales High Street electrical retailer Dixons has pulled the plug on the VCR, and announced today video recorders will disappear from its shelves before Christmas.
Computer game simulates JFK assassination A computer game that allows users to play the role of Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald was released Monday by Traffic Games, a Scottish software company.
 #39;Skulls #39; Trojan Taking Out Cell Phones with Symbian OS The malware file is named  quot;Extended theme.SIS quot; and claims to be a theme manager for the Nokia 7610 smart phone, written by  quot;Tee-222.
Russia May Have Moon Base by 2025 Nikolai Moiseyev informed space officials from other countries about Russia #39;s International Space Station program, which includes studies aimed at the exploration of the solar system and the use of automated spacecraft.
Raptors' Williams Done for Season (Reuters) Reuters - Toronto Raptors guard Alvin\Williams will miss the rest of the 2004 season with an injured\right knee.
Apple Stock Jumps to 4-Year High on IPod (AP) AP - Apple Computer Inc. stock jumped to a four-year high Monday after a major Wall Street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its iPod music player is creating "wildfire word-of-mouth marketing" for its Mac computers and other products.
Rangers win explosive Glasgow derby Alan Thompson and Chris Sutton were sent off for Celtic, while Hoops striker Henri Camara and his Rangers counterpart Nacho Novocould yet be punished for apparent violent conduct offences that were either missed or ignored by referee Kenny Clark but 
CORRECTED - Larsson could be out for season after tearing knee In Barcelona story headlined  quot;Larsson could be out for season after tearing knee quot;, please read in third para ... during Saturday #39;s ... instead of ... during Sunday #39;s ... correcting day. Corrected repeat follows: 
Mobile Firms Hope Consumers Will Turn on to TV (Reuters) Reuters - A reality show or soap opera\on your mobile phone? This is the vision of top telecoms firms\as they hope that from 2006 consumers will sign up for new\phones that can receive digital television signals.
Call for action over  #39;fraud #39; Commissioner The European Commission faces a new crisis after it was revealed incoming French commissioner Jacques Barrot has a fraud conviction.
US, Afghan forces search for UN hostages in Kabul US and Afghan soldiers have raided houses in downtown Kabul early Monday in an operation aimed at releasing three foreign UN hostages, who were abducted last month.
Apple Up After Analysts Raise Target (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  shares\jumped as much as 16 percent on Monday, to their highest level\in more than 4 years, after a Wall Street analyst nearly\doubled his price target on the stock.
Biofuels Seen Key to UK Farming Future - Report (Reuters) Reuters - Biofuels could become a major revenue\earner for Britain's arable farmers within 5-10 years, but much\will depend on government support, a major study into the UK\cereals sector concluded on Monday.
Solar System Surprise: A New View of What's Out There (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A fabled tenth planet out beyond Neptune, often referred to as Planet X, hasn't \  been found despite years of searching. But astronomers involved in the hunt \  are beginning to speculate that something like Planet X will be discovered, \  along with Y and Z.
Technical Problems Delay Launch of Upgraded Ariane 5 (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The enhanced version of Europe's Ariane 5 rocket will \not be launched until late January to give managers more time to verify its \flight-worthiness, Arianespace Chief Executive Officer Jean-Yves Le Gall said 
Music Industry Is Trying Out Digital-Only Releases Record labels are looking to digital sales as a first step on the road to the larger music marketplace after years of infighting over how to sell music online.
A fourth man arrested in Germany for alleged plot against Allawi A fourth man was detained Saturday in connection with an attack plot against visiting Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while the three Iraqi suspects arrested on Friday were brought before a federal magistrate.
Stunned pundit agrees with Gates over passwords Biometrics and smartcards &lt;em&gt;are&lt;/em&gt; the future
Pulitzer Shares Up on Possible Sale  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Shares of newspaper publisher  Pulitzer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PTZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PTZ.N&lt;/A&gt; jumped as much as 18 percent on Monday  after it said it hired Goldman Sachs as a financial adviser to  explore a possible sale of the company.
Ford to Check 740,000 SUVs for Glitch  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; announced plans on  Monday to notify about 740,000 owners of 2004 model-year  Explorers and Mercury Mountaineers of a potential transmission  problem in the popular sport utility vehicles.
Doubts about school computers Students who use computers a lot at school have worse maths and reading performance, research suggests.
Tales from the next generation Millions of pounds will be spent in the coming months trying to persuade people to upgrade to 3G phones. What do two users of the services which have been launched already think about what their fancy phone can do?
Serf's Up in the Video Game Industry Is it a video game maker's lab or a twisted vision out of Charles Dickens's worst coal factory nightmare? A growing number of people can't tell the difference. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Senate Passes Scaled-Back Copyright Bill The U.S. Senate has voted to outlaw several favorite techniques of people who illegally copy and distribute movies, but has dropped other measures that could have led to jail time for Internet song-swappers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Borrowers Find System Open to Conflicts Critics say the three biggest credit raters -- Moody's, Standard   Poor's and Fitch -- have become important gatekeepers in capitalism without commensurate oversight or accountability.
Pentagon Weighs Satellite Needs The Defense Department's use of commercial communications satellites has soared with the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. Now, the Pentagon is trying to decide whether it can save money by buying service directly from satellite carriers instead of through three Washington area resellers.
MobileAccess Networks Strengthens Signals for Indoor Use Every day, cubicle-dwellers get up from their desks and walk to their nearest windows in search of a strong enough signal to make or answer a cell-phone call. Cathy Zatloukal thinks her in-building wireless infrastructure company, MobileAccess Networks, can save them the trip.
Electronic Passports Might Not Measure Up The United States hasn't issued any microchip-equipped passports yet, but as the Department of State tests different prototypes, the international standards for the passports are under fire from privacy advocates who worry the technology won't protect travelers from identity thieves.
Company Launches JFK Assassination Game A British company said Sunday it was releasing a video game recreating the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy.
Britain's biggest dinosaur found Fossil hunters on the Isle of Wight unearth the bones of the biggest dinosaur ever found in the UK.
Scientists 'rebuild' Grand Canyon Millions of tons of sediment-heavy water are being sent through the Grand Canyon in a bid to help local wildlife.
Oracle: Let's get past this 'impasse' PeopleSoft needs to get over its stubbornness and accept a new reality following Friday's shareholder vote, Oracle's chairman says.\&lt;br /&gt; Oracle wins PeopleSoft shareholder vote
Commentary: Smoothing the way for open source The success of platforms like JBoss, Apache and Jonas will boost open-source integration products--if some key conditions are met.
Open source's next frontier Open-source software is starting to expand into the big-ticket infrastructure-software market dominated by Microsoft and others.
Gateway takes eMachines to Mexico The new desktops, priced between \$600 and \$715, target families, students and small businesses.
Video gamble for the Bells Baby Bells are spending billions to sell video service over broadband. Can they crack cable and satellite's hold on TV viewers?&lt;br /&gt;\  Image: Video via broadband
Images: Video via broadband Microsoft TV's IPTV channel guide can search programs and offer descriptions.
PeopleSoft board won #39;t negotiate takeover with Oracle NOVEMBER 22, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - PeopleSoft Inc. won #39;t discuss a sale to Oracle Corp. for a price of \$24 per share, the company #39;s board of directors told Oracle CEO Larry Ellison in a letter on Saturday.
JFK assassination game draws ire A video game released to coincide with the 41st anniversary of President John F. Kennedys assassination has been criticised by the Kennedy family.
Nintendo DS: Doubly Good Dual Screens Elevate Gaming Nintendo executives say playing the same old games is getting stale, so they #39;ve created this system to bring new life to games.
Presse conomique /High-Tech TOKYO  amp; SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)22 Novembre 2004--MontaVista Software, Inc., a annonc ce jour que le systme d #39;exploitation MontaVista(R) Linux(R) avait t retenu pour quiper trois des nouveaux tlphones mobiles de troisime 
England Wins World Cup Paul Casey and Luke Donald of England fired an 8-under 64 in the alternate-shot format on Sunday to win the World Golf Championships.
PSV #39;s Hesselink suffers shoulder injury Eindhoven, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - PSV Eindhoven will be without striker Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink for up to six weeks due to a shoulder injury.
Crime tops Queen #39;s Speech agenda New measures to fight crime and drugs are expected to be at the heart of the Queen #39;s Speech on Tuesday. The creation of national ID cards, new measures against  quot;yobs quot; and drug tests for minor offenders are set to feature.
Store trots out Treo PalmOne's new Silicon Valley store focuses exclusively on the Treo family of smart phones. \&lt;br /&gt; Photo: PalmOne's Treo 650\
Skulls Trojan attacks Symbian mobile phones Users of Nokia's 7610 smart phone and possibly other phones running Symbian's Series 60 software should be aware of a new Trojan program on the Internet.
In Brief: Nextance launches Intellectual Property Optimization Suite Nextance last week announced its Intellectual Property Optimization Suite, which enables users to manage valuable intellectual property (IP) assets and associated contractual agreements in order to more effectively optimize revenue and mitigate legal risk related to IP. Nextance's IP Optimization Suite manages the entire lifecycle of IP assets and addresses such issues as underutilized IP assets, underpaid licensing and royalty revenue, unnecessary risks related to legal compliance, and sluggish time-to-market for new solutions that increasingly depend on IP. Pricing starts at \$500,000 and ranges to over \$1,000,000 depending on the size of the organization and sophistication of the implementation.
Euro Web sites spread Bofra worm via banner ads Web site visitors who clicked on banner ads on a number of popular European Web sites this weekend could have infected their computers with variants of the Bofra worm, experts warned on Monday.
PeopleSoft board won't negotiate takeover with Oracle PeopleSoft Inc. won't discuss a sale to Oracle Corp. for a price of \$24 per share, the company's board of directors Saturday told Oracle Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Larry Ellison in a letter.
ICQ joins Web mail battles with new service The increasingly competitive Web mail market has a new player: Instant messaging provider ICQ now offers a fee-based service that includes 2GB of storage, a calendar feature, task manager, notepad, wireless access, and support for both POP3 (Post Office Protocol 3) and IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol).
ICQ Updates Its Web-Based E-Mail Service offers 2GB of storage, wireless access, and video e-mail--for a fee.
Firefox Excites Web Browser World Microsoft breaks its silence on plans for IE, while AOL breathes life into Netscape.
Apple stock jumps following analyst report Apple Computer Inc. stock hit a four-year high on Monday following the release of a report from Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster.
Study: Cincinnati is a dangerous place to live Cincinnati is still among the most dangerous cities in the nation, but the metropolitan area which takes in Northern Kentucky and southeastern Indiana is actually a shade safer than average, according 
AirGate PCS, Inc. Responds to Announcement by Alamosa Holdings ATLANTA --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 22, 2004 -- AirGate PCS, Inc. (Nasdaq:PCSA), a PCS Affiliate of Sprint, today released the following statement:  quot;We have received a letter dated October 22, 2004, from David 
CNN Hires Former CBS Exec to US Post NEW YORK - CNN has a new boss for the second time in 14 months: former CBS News executive Jonathan Klein, who will oversee programming and editorial direction at the second-ranked cable news network.
Symbian Phones Hit with Skulls Trojan A newly intercepted malicious Trojan has begun infecting mobile phones which run the Symbian operating system. Dubbed  quot;Skulls, quot; the Trojan has been detected on Symbian shareware download sites 
Clemson, South Carolina might be kept from playing in bowls There are strong indications that Clemson and South Carolina will not be allowed to play in bowl games following Saturday #39;s melee between the two teams, SportsLine.
EU commission overshadowed by dispute on commissioner #39;s conviction As the new European Commission (EC) started to take up office on Monday, it was still overshadowed by quarrels over French European Commissioner Jacques Barrot #39;s conviction.
What are Blogs, and Why Your Business Should Use One What are Blogs, and Why Your Business Should Use One\\A few weeks ago I was involved in a very strange conversation with some pretty bright people. One publishes a widely circulated industry magazine, another was an industry consultant, and the last was the CEO of a major corporation in the ...
Google Sues AdSense Publisher over Click Fraud Google Sues AdSense Publisher over Click Fraud\\Google Inc. filed a lawsuit against one of its AdSense Online clients this week, claiming the company defrauded the search company by clicking on its own ads multiple times. The case, filed in Santa Clara County Court, also alleges that Houston, Texas-based Auctions Expert ...
Understanding Broadband - Ready to Upgrade? Understanding Broadband - Ready to Upgrade?\\Are you ready to upgrade your residential service to DSL or business service to real broadband or T1? Well, the answer lies in what you need. Before you can realize your needs, you must understand more of what the word broadband really means. Below I ...
Utilizing All the Features of Google Adsense Utilizing All the Features of Google Adsense\\Many website owners know that Google's Adsense program is a great way to show targeted ads on your site and make money at the same time. Google offers many features that you may not\know about. Let's take a look at a few of them.\\Colors: ...
Google Sued by Pornography Publisher Over Image Search Google Sued by Pornography Publisher Over Image Search\\Porn publisher Perfect 10 Inc. sued Google for copyright infringement last Friday, accusing Google of failing to  remove from its search results thousands of photos posted online (on non-Google sites)without permission from Perfect 10. The lawsuit, which was filed in U.S. District ...
News: Visa scammers hit UK phones Credit card fraudsters are trying to fleece UK punters by tricking them into revealing card security information over the phone.
Mitchell-Alston feud brews as Toronto heads to Cleveland CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vince Carter isn #39;t the only Raptor unhappy to be in Toronto right now. Guard Rafer Alston is starting to question his role on the team, even contemplating quitting the rest of the season 
KarstadtQuelle Sells Stake in Venture (AP) AP - Troubled German retailer KarstadtQuelle AG said Monday it is selling its 82 percent stake in a three-year-old joint venture with coffeehouse chain Starbucks Coffee International to the U.S. company.
Longer-Dated Treasuries in Demand  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries were mostly higher on  Monday as investors bet longer-dated debt would outperform the  short end in an environment of rising official interest rates.
Africa conflicts 'scare investors' Conflicts in the Ivory Coast and Sudan's troubled Darfur region are driving potential investors out of Africa, the United Nations says.
Apple soars on iPod effect Shares in Apple soared in early trade in New York today after a report suggested that the iPod has pushed users to dump their PCs in favour of Apple #39;s Macintosh computers.
Trump: Casino Firm In Chap. 11, But  #39;Apprentice #39; Star Stays CEO Half-empty or half-full is a matter of perspective; and it helps when the goblet in question is grasped by Donald Trump. The billionaire #39;s eponymous firm, Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts (otc: DJTC - news - people 
Consumer Groups: Holiday Spending to Rise A rosier economic outlook will boost US holiday spending by up to 5 percent this year despite a firm resolution by many consumers to spend less, a consumer group said on Monday.
Food Stocks Mixed on Campbell Report Shares of food makers were mixed in Monday trading after Campbell Soup Co., the world #39;s largest soupmaker, said its first-quarter profit grew 9 percent on stronger sales of its popular condensed soups.
Nova Chemicals to Sell Pipeline Stake Nova Chemicals Corp. said Monday that it is selling its stake in an Alberta ethane pipeline to Canada #39;s Fort Chicago Energy Partners LP for cash proceeds of about \$78 million.
Swift Spacecraft Scans Big Bang Births named Swift for its fast pivoting and pointing -- launched this weekend will detect and analyze gamma ray bursts, which astronomers believe represent the birth cries of black holes.
Video game recreates JFK killing GLASGOW - A new downloadable video game allows gamers to assume the role of Lee Harvey Oswald, the assassin who killed US president John F. Kennedy.
New Broadcom 54g(TM) Chipsets Boost Wi-Fi(R) Coverage IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 22 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Broadcom Corporation (NASDAQ:BRCM), a leading provider of highly integrated semiconductor solutions enabling broadband communications, today announced two 
India Debating Manned Space Flight alphakappa writes  quot;India #39;s moon mission and other space programs have been covered before on Slashdot. India is now debating sending a manned space mission and has acknowledged it #39;s technological preparedness 
Sudan Hopes to Reach Darfur Deal by Dec. 31 (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan hopes to reach a peace agreement\to end fighting in its troubled Darfur region by the end of the\year, Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said on Monday.
PGA Grand Slam to return to Poipu Bay in  #39;05 Palm Beach Gardens, FL (Sports Network) - The PGA of America announced on Monday that the PGA Grand Slam of Golf will remain at Poipu Bay Golf Course in 2005.
SECOND LOOKSnapshots from the latest in college football With the weight of a perfect season and a potential BCS Maelstrom swirling in the wind, Auburn rallies in Tuscaloosa for a satisfying Iron Bowl victory against gritty Alabama.
Scots eye the grand prize in Sharjah Scotland seized the initiative on the first day of the ICC Intercontinental Cup final against Canada, in Sharjah, yesterday, when Yorkshire #39;s John Blain trapped opener Ashif Mulla lbw with the last ball of the first over.
Zarqawi Group Claims Allawi Kidnappings (AP) AP - A militant group led by Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility Monday for kidnapping and then releasing three family members of Iraq's interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi.
IAEA Supervises Iran #39;s Nuclear Suspension Iran says it has halted all work on potentially weapons-related parts of its nuclear program, honoring a deal with European powers.
Benazir Bhutto #39;s husband granted bail Asif Ali Zardari, husband of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, was granted bail in a corruption case by the Supreme Court on Monday, paving the way for his release after eight years in jail, lawyers said.
DC's Team Will Be the Nationals  Major League Baseball's Washington, D.C. franchise finally  got a name Monday, nearly two months after the team relocated  from Montreal. Team officials, including president Tony  Tavares, also unveiled a color scheme for the team, which is  red, white and blue.
Hurricane predictions for 2005 FORT COLLINS - Days after the end of a busy season, hurricane forecasters are calling for an above-average Atlantic season again next year.
Singh Eyes 10th Title at Grand Slam in Hawaii  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Vijay Singh narrowly failed in his bid  to win 10 PGA Tour titles this year but has a golden  opportunity to clinch a final victory of 2004 at this week's  PGA Grand Slam of Golf in Hawaii.
Brown-Forman Buying Rest of Finlandia Brown-Forman Corp., the maker of Jack Daniel #39;s whiskey and Southern Comfort liqueur, said Monday that is buying the remaining 20 percent of Finlandia Vodka Worldwide Ltd.
Rest in peace VHS In a move that marks the beginning of the end for a hugely successful chapter in technology history, Britain #39;s biggest high street electronics retailer Dixons has announced that it #39;s taking VCRs off its shelves for good.
Video Game Recreates JFK Assassination GLASGOW, Scotland -- A British company says it #39;s releasing a video game recreating the 1963 assassination of US President John F. Kennedy.
Skulls trojan bites Symbian 60 p2pnet.net News:- Nokia 7610 smart phones, as well as other mobiles running Symbian Series 60 software, could be hit by the new Skulls malware.
Outgunned on copyright? com November 22, 2004, 7:29 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
RIAA begins new round of file-sharing lawsuits Beginning a new round of copyright infringement lawsuits, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) announced Thursday they will be taking legal action against 791 individuals suspected of illegally downloading music files.
Three to get ready, two will go Only two berths will be available in the FedEx Orange Bowl, where the Bowl Championship Series national title will be determined Jan. 4. By Mark J. Terrill, AP.
Patriots Take On Puzzling Chiefs On Monday _ The New England Patriots might have a better chance of winning their 24th game in 25 tries Monday night if they were 1-8 instead of 8-1.
Iran meets deadline to halt nuclear program TEHRAN - Iran said Monday it was suspending its program to produce enriched uranium, the crucial ingredient needed for the production of nuclear weapons.
Powell hails peace opportunity ahead of Palestinian vote JERUSALEM : US Secretary of State Colin Powell hailed a  quot;moment of opportunity quot; for Middle East peace as Israel and the United States pledged to back next year #39;s Palestinian election to the hilt.
Bhuttos husband released from jail KARACHI, Pakistan - After eight years in jail on corruption charges, the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was released on bail Monday, an official said, in a move the government heralded as a step toward political harmony with her 
Zarqawi group claims Allawi kidnappings A militant group led by Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility Monday for kidnapping and then releasing three family members of Iraq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi.
Ellison May Attempt Boardroom Coup at PeopleSoft Following its latest rejection, the next stage in Oracle #39;s battle to buy PeopleSoft is set to begin in a courtroom on Wednesday.
Update 4: Crude Oil Prices Trade Below \$49 a Barrel Crude oil futures traded below \$49 a barrel Monday following a steep runup on Friday that was prompted by persistent concerns about winter fuel supplies.
Trump Hotels Begins Recapitalization Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts on Monday said it has begun to recapitalize after a bankruptcy filing Sunday night that would allow the company to restructure debt and overhaul aging casinos.
Dhirubhai had settled it, says Mukesh RELIANCE INDUSTRIES chairman Mukesh Ambani said in a statement on Monday all  quot;ownership issues quot; were settled during his father Dhirubhai Ambani #39;s lifetime.
Calif. pension fund to hike hedge fund buys SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, the nation #39;s largest public pension fund, plans to double to \$2 billion its hedge fund investment, widely seen as a risky neighborhood of the investment world.
IBM exec may become Computer Associates CEO NEW YORK -- Troubled business software company Computer Associates International Inc. has selected longtime IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
DC #39;s No. 6 On Dangerous Cities List WASHINGTON -- Washington DC, has made the top ten list of most dangerous metropolitan areas in the United States. Camden, NJ, was named to the top spot, overtaking Detroit.
Germany to breach EU budget limit again Germany risks violating the EU #39;s tight budget rules again next year, the Bundesbank warned on Monday. The three-percent-mark of the gross domestic product (GDP) willprobably 
Ukraine cities defy poll result City officials in parts of Ukraine refuse to accept the outcome of the presidential election amid mass protests.
Millions to travel for turkey South of Canyonville, you could be delayed up to an hour each way due to road and bridge repairs. Other than that, you should have no more trouble than usual driving around Oregon on a Thanksgiving 
Hacked European Ad Server Infects IE Users A hacked server in Germany fed malicious code to unsuspecting Internet Explorer users at an unknown number of Web sites for several hours over the weekend, a banner ad-serving company acknowledged Monday.
Firefox more secure than Explorer Reams have already been written on what the newest internet browser on the block, the Mozilla Firefox, means for market leader Microsoft and for the domination that its product Internet Explorer enjoys.
GSPDA M28 Palm OS Smartphone Hits Asia PalmSource today welcomed the third Palm Powered smartphone from GSPDA, the Xplore M28. Alpha Tech Mobile Sdn Bhd is distributing the Palm Powered Xplore M28 smartphone in Malaysia.
Microsoft targets older people for web via TV SEATTLE: For people trying to get their ageing parents on the web so they can read email and get digital photos of the family, Microsoft Corp has a message: Don #39;t give up.
Symbian, security groups warn of Series 60 trojan A trojan by the name of  quot;Skulls quot; has appeared in the wild for some Series 60 smartphones, and users are warned to be wary as always.
Send Your Sims To Uni in 2005 EA announce the first expansion pack for The Sims 2, giving you the ability to send your kids to university... One of the key features that kept The Sims constantly engaging to fans of the title were the multitude 
Trapeze Upgrades WLAN Switch Trapeze Networks Inc. will announce an upgrade today to its Mobility System Software that will let networks deliver stratified public and private wireless-LAN services over a single infrastructure.
Nvidia Strikes Processor Deal with Intel Analysts say the agreement was a boost to both companies since it will pave the way for Nvidia get access to millions more desktop computers built on Intel processors and because Intel will 
Chipsets Boost Wi-Fi Range by 50 Percent Broadcom said its Wi-Fi compatible BroadRange technology complies with IEEE 802.11 standards and could be integrated into a wide range of Wi-Fi products, from notebook PCs to routers and mobile phones.
Spam spectre Tired of unsolicited commercial mail that clogs your inbox virtually every second day? Well, you can take heart from the news that Microsoft head Bill Gates too suffers from the spam plague.
Long Island ducks beat odds; researchers want to figure out why Before the shopping malls, before Levittown and Jones Beach, before the traffic jams on the Long Island Expressway, there were the ducks.
Music Industry More at Risk in Piracy The technical challenge of sharing massive movie files over the Internet has kept the problem of P2P file sharing to a minimum for the movie industry.
Stelco Loses General Motors Steel-Supply Contract (Update1) Stelco Inc., the Canadian steelmaker that #39;s in bankruptcy protection, said it lost a contract to supply steel to General Motors Corp.
EU drafts Iran nuclear timetable EU states draw up new plans to keep track of Iran's nuclear programme in a move unlikely to satisfy Washington.
Record 13th straight mens title HOUSTON - Top-seeded Roger Federer of Switzerland won a record 13th straight final Sunday, beating Australian Lleyton Hewitt, 6-3, 6-2, in the title match of the Association of Tennis Professionals Masters Cup.
Sir Alex Ferguson manages Manchester United for the 1000th time &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 1000 up and still counting. Sir Alex Fergusons achievement is quite remarkable given the fickle nature of football fans and more importantly football boards in the modern game.
Winky has an eye for fights that pay Now that Winky Wright has twice beaten Shane Mosley, he #39;s aiming for the megafights -- and the megabucks.  quot;I #39;m from the  #39;hood, and it #39;s time to get paid, quot; Wright said after winning his rematch 
Illinois parts ways with Ron Turner Champaign, IL (Sports Network) - The University of Illinois has fired head football coach Ron Turner. Turner just completed his eighth year at Illinois, compiling a 35-57 record with just two winning seasons.
Anti-drugs fight tops Bush agenda US President George W Bush arrives in Colombia for talks expected to focus on  fighting drug trafficking.
Major powers meet in Egypt on Iraqs future Two-day meeting in Sharm el-Sheikh is to help Iraq emerge from violence, discuss other Mideast issues. By Marc Burleigh - SHARM EL-SHEIKH, Egypt.
Pakistani court frees Bhutto #39;s husband that could improve relations between the country #39;s military leader and one of its main parties. Asif Ali Zardari had been in jail since Bhutto #39;s government was ousted in November 1996.
Swiss write off most of Iraq #39;s debts The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) said Switzerland had agreed to write off SFr264 million (\$227 million) in debts dating back to the 1970s and 1980s.
Arafat #39;s medical records show  #39;no poison #39; Medical files showed tests performed on Yasser Arafat #39;s body found no evidence the Palestinian leader was poisoned. Arafat #39;s medical records were released to his nephew, Nasser al-Kidwa, on Monday despite objections from Arafat #39;s widow Suha.
Israeli Officer Charged with Pumping Bullets into Girl A spokeswoman said he was charged with two counts of illegally using his weapon, of obstruction of justice, conduct unbecoming an officer, and improper use of authority.
Aid workers flee Darfur violence Aid workers in Sudan #39;s Darfur region have been airlifted to safety amid new fighting between government and rebel troops in a major town.
Several Killed in Baghdad Mosque Raid Description: US and Iraqi government troops raid one of Baghdad #39;s main Sunni Muslim mosques, killing several Iraqis. The Iraqi government has ordered the arrest of Muslim clerics accused of inciting violence and supporting the Iraqi insurgency.
Insurgent  #39;playing dead #39; in videotaped shooting The US military says marines in Fallujah shot and killed an insurgent who engaged them as he was faking being dead, a week after footage of a marine killing an apparently unarmed and wounded Iraqi caused a stir in the region.
EU to field quick-reaction battle groups EU defense ministers will sign off today on plans to establish battle groups of troops poised for instant action in a significant move toward a European army.
Mine death toll rises to 57 BEIJING: At least 57 miners were killed and three missing following a massive blaze at a complex of iron mines in northern China, the government reported Monday.
Nintendo DS Review -- palmOne and HP Could Learn a Thing or Two The new Nintendo DS gaming handheld, launched in the United States yesterday, is interesting in many ways. With this impressive new gaming device Nintendo has set it #39;s target age group for the twenty and above crowd and not teenagers.
The Sims Go to College November 22, 2004 - It was, of course, inevitable: given the success (both in excellence of design and pure sales) of The Sims 2, not to mention that it #39;s the sequel to the biggest-selling PC game ever, Electronic Arts was going to give us expansions.
Tennis: Federer warns rivals Roger Federer believes he is now capable of winning any tournament in the world.
Police Interview Fan Who Threw Beverage at Pacers #39; Ron Artest Police in Auburn Hills, Michigan, have interviewed the man who threw a beverage at Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest, triggering a brawl between players and fans during a Nov. 19 National Basketball Association game in Detroit.
Tricky Arsenal Euro test CHELSEA have qualified, Manchester United and Liverpool are well-placed but Arsenal face a tricky test in this week #39;s Champions League matches.
Holtz To Announce Retirement COLUMBIA -- The Lou Holtz era at the University of South Carolina will soon come to an end. The 67-year-old South Carolina coach plans to officially announce his retirement Monday morning, ending one of the 
Montreal Expos to Become the Nationals With Move to Washington The Expos would become the Nationals with a move to Washington next season and wear red, white and blue uniforms, Major League Baseball and team officials said during a press conference.
MLB: Exposed In the wake of what has been one of the most explosive days in Major League Baseball history, fans of America #39;s National Pastime are now forced to take a seat and consider all that is unfolding before them.
Google launches new search engine The world's most popular search engine has launched a new tool to improve access to academic publications.
Russia Backs Brazil for UN Security Council Seat &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Axel Bugge&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Russian President VladimirPutin pledged on Monday support for Brazil's bid to join anexpanded United Nations Security Council in a boost for theLatin American nation's ambitions to increase its geopoliticalinfluence.&lt;/p&gt;
Bush Calls for Verifying Iran Nuke Claims President Bush said Monday that he hopes Iran's claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but "there must be verification."
Can Boeing fly again? The best performing Dow stock this year is one that #39;s had more than its share of trouble with investors in recent years -- Boeing Co.
M #39;m! M #39;m! Could Be Better! Campbell Soup Company (NYSE: CPB) shareholders, when seeing today #39;s first-quarter earnings report, probably said,  quot;M #39;m!
Atlanta Named Third Most Dangerous City A Kansas company #39;s yearly ranking based on crime statistics shows that Camden, New Jersey, has become the nation #39;s most-dangerous city.
Increase predicted in holiday travel throughout South Millions of travelers throughout the South will take to the roads and skies this week in anticipation of the Thanksgiving weekend _ bucking a trend of lower-than-normal holiday travel in recent years.
After the Election: Key High Tech Issues Rick White, head of the TechNet policy group discusses technology in next year's Congress and in the second term of the Bush administration.
Bush says Iran nuke claims must be verified CARTAGENA, Colombia - President Bush said Monday that he hopes Irans claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but there must be verification.
India-Pakistan spat ahead of Kashmir talks With India pulling out a large number of troops from Kashmir, the guns may have fallen silent but the verbal dual between India and Pakistan is nowhere near an end.
Israeli officer charged over slain Gaza girl JERUSALEM - Israel has charged an army captain who was accused of riddling a Palestinian girl #39;s body with bullets after she was already dead.
New turmoil at the European Commission November 22 2004 2000CET - New turmoil at the European Commission as the MEPs ask for a review of Jacques Barrot #39;s position 
Will Toys "R" Us Have Happy Holidays? Faced with an uncertain future, the toy retailer trims losses and prepares for the holiday season.
Google's Float Starts to Flood Shares in the search engine might double as the IPO lockup period expires.
Stocks Turn Up as Apple Lifts Technology  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as a higher  price target for shares of Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  generated enthusiasm for technology stocks and investors waved  off worry about a decline in the dollar.
M'm! M'm! Could Be Better! Campbell Soup turns in a good quarter, but there are better alternatives.
Rust Found in Big Soybean-Producing State  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Soybean rust has spread to   Arkansas, the first major U.S. soybean-producing state infected  with the contagious fungus that slashes crop production,  Arkansas officials said on Monday.
Handling Hostess Sticker Shock Food, friends, and elf figurines add up. Here's some advice on how to handle the holiday tab.
American Air to Defer 54 Boeing Jets  CHICAGO (Reuters) - AMR Corp.'s American Airlines on Monday  said it will defer 54 of 56 Boeing aircraft deliveries  scheduled for 2006 to 2010, helping the world's largest carrier  postpone \$2.7 billion in capital spending.
IBM Sales Exec Swainson to Become CA CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; is set to name IBM sales executive John Swainson as  chief executive, completing a long search to replace indicted  former CEO Sanjay Kumar, industry sources said on Monday.
Pentagon Vows Competitive Tanker Bids  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Deputy Defense Secretary Paul  Wolfowitz vowed any new plan to replace the Air Force's aging  fleet of KC-135 mid-air refueling tankers would require  competition, according to a letter released on Monday.
Loews to Buy Entergy-Koch Pipeline  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Conglomerate Loews Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LTR.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it agreed to buy an 8,000-mile natural gas pipeline  system, from Entergy-Koch LP for \$1.14 billion, in a bid to  cash in on the rising U.S. demand for natural gas.
Report: Bayer Delayed Warning on Cholesterol Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bayer AG may have known its withdrawn  cholesterol-lowering drug Baycol caused a high rate of a  serious muscle condition more than a year before it added a  warning to its label, according to a prominent medical journal.
Evidence of16th-Century Spanish Fort in Appalachia? Combing detective work with old-fashion digging, archaeologists in North Carolina may have unearthed evidence that Spanish soldiers roamed the Appalachian Mountains during the 16th century.
Peru Bird-Watching Takes Flight With 1,800 Species As eco-lodges sprout under the forest canopy and guidebooks roll off the presses, Peru stands ready to showcase itself as a bird-watcher's paradise.
Climbing into the Death Zone, Mountaineer Excels Ed Viesturs has summitted 13 of the 14 highest mountains in the world without the aid of supplemental oxygen. The climber excels where others perish thanks to his alpine skills, mental focus, and near freakish physiology.
Witness: Ovitz's Style Became a 'Distraction' at Disney Witness: Ovitz's style became a 'distraction' at Disney
How Geographic's New Atlas Reflects a Changed World Some 17,000 changes have been made since the previous edition of the &lt;I&gt;National Geographic Atlas of the World.&lt;/I&gt; Chief Cartographer Allen Carroll tells what's involved in tracking the changing world.
Unlocking the chip's inner Hemingway Can computers get along fine without writers? Word is they just might. Missing Link
Bill adds 20,000 H-1B visas Exempts certain grads of U.S. schools from H-1B cap, requires firms to attest that H-1B worker will not displace U.S. worker.
Oracle shoots for the middle Next month, firm will launch revamped middleware products for content management and application infrastructure.
Software program whacks worms Update to SecureCore firewall aims to prevent programs from executing malicious commands.
Browser promises to fend off phishers Update to free browser will warn people if a Web site looks like a phishing scam, its maker says.
Banner day for attacks? Security experts warn of banner ads with a bad attitude--and a link to malicious code. Also: Phishers, be gone.
Nextel to assist U.S. Navy Nextel Communications to supply U.S.-based U.S. Navy personnel with cell phones, voice minutes and wireless data plans.
Broadcom Wi-Fi chips increase range New Wi-Fi chips increase range of wireless networks by 50 percent, according to the company.
Lemony Snicket comes to the handset A cell phone game based on the children's series "A Series of Unfortunate Events" was released Monday.
Engineering, support executives leave Apple Mac maker doesn't give a reason for the departures of Tim Bucher and Mark Wilhelm. Meanwhile, stock's trading high.
Digital gear: Biometrics ease password security Fingerprints may soon replace passwords to log on to computers and Web sites, thanks to gadgets like Microsoft's Fingerprint Reader and Lexar Media's JumpDrive TouchGuard Pro. For those with cash on hand, Rollei's throwback MiniDigi digital camera could be a collector's delight, but Sony Electronics' Cyber-shot L1 is a better investment for performance and features. And CD labeling just became easy with Primera Technology's Signature Z1 CD/DVD.
Software-Based Radio Gains Support FCC approves the technology that could transform wireless communications.
Trump Casinos Seek Bankruptcy Protection Donald Trump attends the Conde Nast Traveler 17th Annual Readers Choice Awards, held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in the new Time Warner Center, in New York in this Thursday, October 7, 2004, file photo.
IBM Exec May Become Computer Associates CEO Troubled business software company Computer Associates International Inc. has selected longtime IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
Analyst survey supports iPod  #39;halo #39; effect Apple stock is on the rise once again, as analysts raise their target prices and provide support of an iPod  #39;halo #39; effect.
ThyssenKrupp Budd Canada reports Q4 loss grows to \$10.4 million KITCHENER, Ont. (CP) - Shares of auto parts firm ThyssenKrupp Budd Canada jumped 80 per cent Monday even as its fourth-quarter loss increased to \$10.4 million, from \$6.8 million a year ago, and sales fell off sharply.
Controversial Internet Game Recreates JFK Assassination The game designer, Scottish company Traffic, is also sponsoring a contest in which the person who most closely matches Oswald #39;s shots will win up to \$100,000, depending on how many people download the game.
Life-changing video format gets last rites It changed the lifestyles of a generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
Eight titles for Sorenstam in 2004 West Palm Beach - Annika Sorenstam has captured her eighth title of the 2004 on Sunday, beating Cristie Kerr in a play-off for the season-ending LPGA ADT Championship with a bogey on the first play-off hole.
Gerrard Is The Key, Says Benitez Rafa Benitez believes that the return to action of Steven Gerrard will give Liverpool the impetus they need as they prepare for the crunch Champions League trip to Monaco.
A baseball rechristening in Washington: Expos to become Nationals The 73-year-old former Washington Senators public address announcer was not about to let a protester ruin another big baseball day in the nation #39;s capital.
Iraq and US hail debt forgiveness deal Iraq and the United States hailed as  quot;historic quot; an agreement by a group of creditor nations to write off billions of dollars of debt inherited from the former regime of Saddam Hussein.
Apple Products Win Six Awards  #147;Apple once again was the star of the show at the annual MacUser awards, #148; reports MacUser,  #147;taking away six Maxine statues including Product of the Year for the iTunes Music Store. #148; Other Apple award winners: Power Mac G5, AirPort Express, 20-inch Apple Cinema Display, GarageBand and DVD Studio Pro 3. Nov 22
Trump Goes For Broke He may be the star of a hit reality series, a best-selling author and a crack businessman to boot, but even Donald Trump has cash flow problems from time to time.
Computer Associates Names CEO After months without a permanent CEO, scandal-rocked Computer Associates (CA:Nasdaq - news - research) is about to give the job to a veteran IBM (IBM:NYSE - news - research) executive, according to published reports.
Ownership clarification lifts prices of group companies by 5.5 MUMBAI: Mukesh Ambani, chairman of the \$11.5-bn oil-to-fabrics conglomerate Reliance Industries, has finally broken his silence over the media speculation surrounding reported differences between him and his younger brother, Anil Ambani, the companys 
Update 3: German Economy Is Still on the Mend Germany #39;s economy is still on the mend despite an unexpectedly sharp slowdown in growth over the summer, the country #39;s central bank said Monday, predicting that exports would rise in the fourth quarter even as the euro soars.
nForce chipsets for Intel-based platforms  quot;Nvidia #39;s nForce chipset will extend its reach beyond the currently supported platforms of AMD #39;s Athlon 64 FX, Athlon 64, and Sempron processors.
Paul McCartney: The Un-Janet Geriatric rocker Paul McCartney has been tapped to headline the halftime show of Fox #39;s telecast of Super Bowl XXXIX.  quot;There #39;s nothing bigger then being asked to perform at the Super Bowl, quot; McCartney says in a statement.
Illinois Fires Football Coach Ron Turner (AP) AP - Ron Turner was fired by Illinois on Monday after three straight losing seasons, a sharp turnaround from early success that included the team's first Big Ten football title in a decade.
Moss Doubtful for Sunday's Game Vs. Jaguars (Reuters) Reuters - Minnesota Vikings\wide receiver Randy Moss is listed as doubtful for Sunday's\game against the Jacksonville Jaguars with a right hamstring\injury.
Serge Savard Pleads Not Guilty to DUI (AP) AP - Hockey Hall of Famer Serge Savard pleaded not guilty Monday to two charges of drunken driving.
Malnutrition Rising Among Iraq's Children (AP) AP - Malnutrition among Iraq's youngest children has nearly doubled since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq despite U.N. efforts to deliver food to the war-ravaged country, a Norwegian research group said Monday.
Fox Lands Bowl Championship Series Deal (AP) AP - Fox will be the new television home of the Bowl Championship Series. The network and the BCS announced a four-year,  #36;80 million deal Monday that gives Fox the broadcast rights to the Fiesta, Orange and Sugar bowls from 2007-10 and the national title game from 2007-09.
88 Wins Still Not on Annika's Radar Screen (AP) AP - The biggest challenge for Annika Sorenstam is setting goals.
Darfur Aid Workers Evacuated Amid Violence (AP) AP - Helicopters rescued more than 40 aid workers who fled into the bush to escape fighting in Darfur on Monday as renewed violence flared in the crisis-plagued region of western Sudan.
Vilsack Won't Seek Chairmanship of DNC (AP) AP - Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack said Monday that he will not seek the chairmanship of the Democratic Party.
Iran Halts Key Nuclear Work to Avoid Sanctions  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran on Monday suspended sensitive  nuclear activities that could be used to make a bomb in a move  likely to thwart U.S. efforts to report the Islamic Republic to  the U.N. Security Council for possible sanctions.
Bryan twins keep US hopes alive The United States win the doubles rubber to cut Spain's Davis Cup final lead to 2-1.
IBM Sales Exec Swainson to Become CA CEO Computer Associates International Inc. (CA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is set to name IBM sales executive John Swainson as chief executive, completing a long search to replace indicted 
Camden, NJ, Is Most Dangerous US City - Survey The New Jersey city of Camden, where murders, rapes and robberies far exceed the national average, was named the most dangerous US city on Monday, while Newton, Massachusetts, was the safest.
Securities industry boots Quattrone Former star banker barred by the NASD for refusal to testify in obstruction of justice probe. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The NASD said Monday it permanently barred former star banker Frank Quattrone from the securities 
New investor could change dynamic of Microsoft inquiry A third company is looking to join Microsoft and Time Warner as an investor in digital rights management firm ContentGuard, a move that may help Microsoft reduce European antitrust concerns regarding its stake in ContentGuard.
Budd Canada shares up on takeover bid KITCHENER - A takeover offer for ThyssenKrupp Budd Canada sent shares of the automotive supplier up 72 per cent on the TSX on Monday.
Police probe Yorke racism claims Police have launched an investigation into claims from Birmingham #39;s Dwight Yorke that he was racially abused prior to a game at Blackburn.
Ecclestone Trust Engineered Control #39; of F-1 Racing, Court Told A Bernie Ecclestone family trust has engineered control #39; #39; over Formula One motor racing by unlawfully appointing directors to the sport #39;s operating companies, a lawyer for three banks told a London court.
Nike Boosts Dividend by 25 Percent  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt; boosted its  quarterly dividend by 25 percent on Monday, citing strong cash  flow and growth prospects as the world's biggest athletic shoe  company has racked up record revenue and soaring profits the  past few years.
TiVo Net Loss Widens; Subscribers Grow  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - TiVo Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TIVO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TIVO.O&lt;/A&gt;, maker of  digital television recorders, on Monday said its quarterly net  loss widened as it boosted spending to acquire customers, but  subscribers to its fee-based TV service rose sharply.
NASD Bars Ex-Banker Quattrone for Life (Reuters) Reuters - The NASD on Monday permanently barred\former star technology banker Frank Quattrone from the\securities industry for refusing to testify about his possible\role in destroying documents and obstructing justice.
NYC Group OK's West Side Redevelopment (Reuters) Reuters - New York City's Planning Commission on\Monday approved a sweeping rezoning of Manhattan's far West\Side, advancing a plan for a  #36;5 billion redevelopment that\includes a new Jets' football stadium.
Hey, There's a Gem in My Grease Slog through the gunk of Darling the grease processor, and you'll find a gem of an investment.
Crude oil futures hover near \$49 US a barrel amid winter supply &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil futures traded below \$49 US a barrel Monday following a steep runup on Friday that was prompted by persistent concerns about winter fuel supplies.
IBM executive expected to be named CA chief Computer Associates International Inc. is expected this week to announce a succession plan for its chief executive post in which a top IBM executive will assume the role now held by Kenneth Cron, sources said.
NASD Bars Ex-Banker Quattrone for Life The NASD on Monday permanently barred former star technology banker Frank Quattrone from the securities industry for refusing to testify about his possible role in destroying documents and obstructing justice.
France #39;s Thomson Moves Into Anti-Piracy Software French technology firm Thomson (TMS.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would join Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc.
Calif. controller asks Calpers to press automakers California Controller Steve Westly on Monday said he would ask fellow members of the board of Calpers, the biggest US pension fund, to pressure automakers to adopt rather than file lawsuits against the state #39;s new 
Mukesh replies in the name of the father MUMBAI, NOVEMBER 22 : Five days after rattling the markets and corporate India with his statement on TV about ownership issues in the Rs 99,000-crore Reliance group, Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani did some damage control on Monday.
Report: Fast-Internet Use Doubles in U.S. (AP) AP - The number of Americans using fast Internet connections doubled from 2001 through late 2003, still below some expectations and especially low among minority groups and people in rural areas, according to a report by the Bush administration.
Microsoft #39;s Competition From Mozilla Microsoft doesn #39;t seem to be too worried about the competition of Mozilla with their release of Firefox 1.0. Microsoft isn #39;t planning on releasing a new version of IE anytime soon, but Microsoft #39;s director 
Expos become Nationals, but not before a fight The Montreal Expos would be renamed the Washington Nationals if the proposed move of the franchise is approved by baseball owners.
Four more years -- of BCS frustration And you thought our nation #39;s president was a polarizing figure -- at least he had 59 million supporters chanting  quot;four more years quot; on election night.
Gene named as Ferrari test driver LONDON, England -- Marc Gene has joined Ferrari as a Formula One test driver, the world champions have revealed. Gene, 30, has been employed in the same role with Williams for the past four years with three 
Nintendo DS: Doubly good (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - If Nintendo's new DS - short for "Dual Screen" - (* * * 1/2 out of four,  #36;150) was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer Sega has completely caught on.
Adult Site Sues Google for Infringment (AP) AP - A Web site that sells photos of naked women is suing Google Inc., alleging that the online search engine leader is destroying its business by distributing links and passwords that provide free glimpses of the nude models.
Iraqi PM orders probe into Baghdad mosque raid Iraq #39;s prime minister said today mistakes were made during a raid on a Baghdad mosque last week that sparked a surge in violence in the capital, and he had ordered an investigation.
Israeli Officer Charged in Death of Palestinian Girl An Israeli army captain accused of riddling a 13-year-old Palestinian girl #39;s body with bullets after his unit killed her was charged on Tuesday with conduct unbecoming an officer and illegal discharge of a weapon.
Self-defense on and off the battlefield In the space between the fog of war (confusion, peril and instant reflexes) and the edited news break (carefully scripted and produced filler between Viagra commercials), a young Marine hangs out to dry.
Trojan Targets Symbian Handhelds (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A virus aimed at users of next-generation mobile phones is making the\rounds, casing headaches for those using handhelds based on the popular\Symbian operating system.
It's About Time the GPL Was Revised (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: eWEEK.com Senior Editor Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols thinks although there will be a bitter battle, there's no way around it: The GPL must be revised.
France's Thomson Moves Into Anti-Piracy Software (Reuters) Reuters - French technology firm\Thomson  on Monday said it would join Microsoft Corp.\and Time Warner Inc. in a venture to buy U.S.-based anti-piracy\software maker ContentGuard, a move that could defuse\objections by European regulators.
Oracle Poised to Pounce of PeopleSoft (AP) AP - Bolstered by investors, Oracle Corp. appears destined to complete its long-sought takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. unless its rival becomes more profitable and proves it is worth more than the  #36;9.2 billion bid currently on the table.
Stocks Finish Up, Apple Provides a Lift (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as a higher\price target for shares of Apple Computer Inc. \prompted enthusiasm for technology stocks and a rally in crude\oil stalled.
Congress Rejects New Nuclear Weapons Funds (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Congress denied the Bush\administration funds to study a new generation of nuclear\weapons, omitting the money from a huge mop-up spending bill it\passed over the weekend, lawmakers said on Monday.
Scientists Find 178 New Species in Oceans (AP) AP - Marine scientists say they have discovered 178 new species of fish and hundreds more new species of plants and other animals in the past year, raising the number of life-forms found in the world's oceans to about 230,000.
Putin to visit India #39;s Silicon Valley after skirmish over UN veto &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI, Dec 4 (AFP): Russia #39;s President Vladimir Putin was headed Saturday for India #39;s high-tech city of Bangalore after ruffling feathers by appearing to rebuff New Delhi #39;s hopes of a veto in any enlarged UN Security Council.
Google launches academic search The world's most popular search engine has launched a new tool to improve access to academic publications.
Nationals Unveil Logos, Colors The Montreal Expos would be renamed the Washington Nationals if the proposed move of the franchise is approved by baseball owners.
No state regs, taxes for VoIP, FCC says &lt;strong&gt;Washington Roundup&lt;/strong&gt; Telcos 1: states 0
Mobile Firms Hope Consumers Will Turn on to TV  STOCKHOLM/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A reality show or soap opera  on your mobile phone? This is the vision of top telecoms firms  as they hope that from 2006 consumers will sign up for new  phones that can receive digital television signals.
Last Rites Sounded for Life-Changing Video Format  LONDON (Reuters) - It changed the lifestyles of a  generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have  been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
Taipei to Cloak City in World's Largest Wi-Fi Grid  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Dennis Tseng is an avid Web surfer who  loves to hang out in Taipei's upmarket Hsinyi district, where  wireless Internet access is freely available to all.
Nearly 8 in 10 Greeks Own Mobile Phone -Survey  ATHENS (Reuters) - With 76 percent of Greek households  owning mobile phones, interest for third-generation services is  rising, the country's statistics service (NSS) said on Monday  based on the findings of a recent survey.
IBM Sales Exec Swainson to Become CA CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; is set to name IBM sales executive John Swainson as  chief executive, completing a seven-month search to replace  indicted former CEO Sanjay Kumar, industry sources said on  Monday.
Half of U.S. Parents Plan to Buy Videogame-Survey  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Nearly half of all U.S. adults with  children plan to give video games as gifts this holiday season,  according to a survey conducted by the trade group representing  the video game industry and released on Monday.
Report: North Korea Cracking Down on Mobile Phones  TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea is cracking down on the use  of mobile phones in border areas in a bid to stop smuggling and  "spy activities," Japan's Kyodo news agency said on Monday.
Phishers target eBay customers Check to see whether an e-mail that appears to be from your bank is actually an attempt to defraud you.
Google Sued For Unauthorized Links To Proprietary Adult Images Adult publisher Perfect 10 has sued Google for allegedly making available 800,000 unauthorized links to images of Perfect 10 #39;s nude models, advertising revenue and stealing membership fees.
Skulls Trojan Virus Hits Symbian Phones A new low threat virus has been popping up on some Symbian OS-powered phones, according to an F-Secure anti-virus. The virushas been found at some Symbian shareware download sites under the filename  quot;Extended 
CL Preview: Juventus-Ajax An already qualified Juventus side will host Ajax at the Delle Alpi stadium of Turin for the 5th matchday of the Champions League.
Anti-Piracy Team Adds French Firm A third company joins the ContentGuard project to try to stop pirates. Also: Apple soars on the stock market.... Internal documents reveal North Korea's attitude toward cell phones.... and more.
USC-UCLA rivalry goes deep Growing up as a Southern California native, Jim Hardy wanted to play for USC since he was 8 years old. Many of the kids he grew up with and played football against would later become rivals of his at UCLA.
Westwood takes lead in Nedbank Challenge Lee Westwood ignored temperatures in the high 90s to shoot a 1-under 71 Saturday and take the lead after three rounds of the Nedback Challenge.
iPod Sales Help Apple Stock The sale of iPods is having a ripple effect on the sales of Apple #39;s Macintosh computers leading to a rise in the company #39;s stock price.
Pulitzer Inc. considering look to sell The name Pulitzer Inc., synomous with the nation #39;s rich newspaper history, is considering selling its successful newspaper chain.
Hackers Target IE through Ad Networks During the course of this weekend, hackers found an ingenious way to attack Microsofts ubiquitous Internet Explorer: compromise an ad networks servers.
Microsoft eyes old for web via television SEATTLE, NOVEMBER 22: For people trying to get their ageing parents on the web so they can read email and get digital photos of the family, Microsoft Corp has a message: Dont give up.
Microsoft, Air Force Seal \$509M Software, Services Deal The Air Force and Microsoft have entered two contracts. One consolidates 38 different software licenses throughout the Air Force, while the other consolidates seven service contracts.
Federer sweeps past Hewitt Houston: Federer fatigue? Not as long as Roger Federer keeps dominating mens tennis in style. Rarely have an extended series of mismatches been more pleasing to the eye, and those few thousand fans who 
Police take up racism allegations at Blackburn Police are launching an investigation into allegations that Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke was racially abused by Blackburn Rovers fans at Ewood Park on Sunday.
Sir Alex seeks win in 1,000th match LONDON, Nov. 22. - Manchester United only need a point against Lyon tomorrow to reach the second phase of the Champions League. A victory would better mark manager Sir Alex Fergusons 1,000th match in charge.
Mystery behind Arafat #39;s death According to the Palestinian observer at the United Nations Nasser al-Kidwa, toxicology tests revealed no traces of poison in Arafat #39;s blood.
Charles tries to pacify subjects : Britains Prince Charles, under fire for being old fashioned and elitist, battled today to convince his future subjects he is not out of touch.
I Coast polls  #39;impossible #39; London - Ivory Coast is incapable of staging elections which were called for under a now moribund peace deal signed less than two years ago, Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade said in a Financial Times interview published on Tuesday.
Twist to unarmed man death : The NBC journalist who filmed the fatal shooting of an apparently injured and unarmed Iraqi by a US Marine inside a Falluja mosque has written on his website that the wounded man made no sudden movements before he was shot.
Apple Stores Are Hot Jefferson Graham writes in USA Today,  #147;Thanks to brilliant marketing, savvy neighborhood locations and a revival of the company #146;s fortunes sparked by the hip iPod digital music player, Apple stores are hot. Walk into one in Los Angeles #146; outdoor mall The Grove, in New York #146;s Soho district, on Chicago #146;s North Michigan Avenue or in Austin #146;s Barton Creek Mall, and it is likely to be jammed with customers. Saturday, Apple opened its first European store, in London #146;s West End district. Next month, the 100th store will open, in Bethesda, Md. #148; Nov 22
Apple Opens London Store Ron Johnson, Apple senior VP of Retail, and John O #146;Grady, general manager of the Apple Store, Regent Street, cut the ribbon to signal the opening of the world #146;s largest and most-anticipated Apple retail store.  See photos from the grand opening. Nov 22
Microsoft Gives NT Server 4, Exchange Server 5.5 Users a (Small) &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Redmond #39;s not extending its basic support for NT 4 and Exchange 5.5, but it is extending custom paid support for the product. While Microsoft continues to emphasize that it is not extending its basic support 
Gas Prices Highest Ever for Thanksgiving  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. drivers traveling this week  will pay the highest gasoline prices on record heading into a  Thanksgiving holiday, the Energy Department said on Monday.
Brocade #39;s Profit Rises Brocade Communications (BRCD:Nasdaq - news - research) increased fourth-quarter revenue by 13 and beat Wall Street #39;s earnings expectations by a penny, the maker of storage networking gear reported after the close Monday.
Boston Red Sox Ticket Prices Up 7 Percent (AP) AP - The World Series champion Boston Red Sox raised their ticket prices by an average of 7 percent for next year, with the price of field boxes increasing by  #36;10 to  #36;85.
JFK Shooting Game Branded  #39;Despicable #39; The family of John F Kennedy has blasted a video game that reconstructs the scene of his assassination. Monday is the 41st anniversary of the event.
Beware of Third-Party IE Patches The absence of an official patch from Microsoft for a known and widely exploited Internet Explorer flaw has spawned a cottage industry for homegrown fixes.
Looking into the mirror It #39;s difficult to know where to start this week, but it might be nice to actually begin by talking about football. Ronaldinho: A symbol of the shift of power in Spanish football?
Shoulder surgery for Yankees #39; Sheffield CBC SPORTS ONLINE - New York Yankees right-fielder Gary Sheffield will undergo arthroscopic shoulder surgery Tuesday. Sheffield, runner-up to Anaheim #39;s Vladimir Guerrero for most valuable player honours in 
Red Sox tickets climbing again The World Series champion Boston Red Sox raised their ticket prices by an average of 7 percent for next year, the team announced Monday as it released its schedule for the 2005 season.
No Charges Imminent After Basketball Brawl (AP) AP - Investigators interviewed nine people injured in the brawl at the end of the Pistons-Pacers game, but no charges were imminent in the case, the county prosecutor said Monday.
POWELL HAILS MID-EAST OPPORTUNITY US Secretary of State Colin Powell has continued his latest Middle East peace mission, urging Israeli and Palestinian leaders to make the most of new chances.
Japanese Women Staying Single Longer (AP) AP - No matter how independent, fashionable or popular she may be, Japan's unwed woman has long been labeled the eternal loser  #151; lonesome during the holidays, dreaming of the child she never had, dreading the inevitable question at family gatherings: "Aren't you married yet?" But in unprecedented numbers, Japanese women are defying the stereotype with a firm "No"  #151; and trying to cheer up others like them.
Lawsuit: NYC Created 'Guantanamo' at RNC (AP) AP - Saying the city had created its "own little Guantanamo on the Hudson" during the Republican National Convention, a lawyer Monday filed a lawsuit on behalf of nearly 2,000 people arrested at demonstrations.
Moss Doubtful for Sunday's Game Vs. Jaguars  EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings  wide receiver Randy Moss is listed as doubtful for Sunday's  game against the Jacksonville Jaguars with a right hamstring  injury.
Hemispheric trade zone stumbles President Bush spent the weekend in Chile, the only South American nation with a free-trade pact with the US.
For love of the dance ... a tale of defection Members of the 'Havana Night Club' severed national ties to Cuba for a new beginning.
No Bowls After Fight Clemson and South Carolina will turn down bids to play in postseason bowl games after both teams fought during their game on Saturday.
Apple stock sets four-year high Apple Computer (AAPL) stock jumped to a four-year high Monday after a major Wall Street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its iPod music player is creating  quot;wildfire word-of-mouth 
Thomson Partners with Microsoft, Time Warner Aiming to promote the development of inter-operable digital rights management (DRM) systems, Paris-based Thomson has become a strategic investor in ContentGuard, a developer of DRM intellectual property, making it a partner with current investors 
UPDATE 1-Brocade posts higher quarterly profit Brocade Communications Systems Inc. (BRCD.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of data networking equipment, said on Monday its quarterly profit rose, helped by new products 
Honeywell Outsources Chip Design to IBM The ten-year deal is a major win for IBM #39;s young Engineering  amp; Technical Services unit. By Paul McDougall. Aerospace giant Honeywell International Inc.
Dixons to stop selling VCRs Dixons, the UK #39;s largest electrical retailer, has today announced plans to phase out the sale of video recorders by the end of the year.
Bird says team will try to help Artest INDIANAPOLIS -- The Indiana Pacers #39; front office offered an apology and support for suspended players in the wake of stiff penalties against those involved in Friday night #39;s brawl at the end of a nationally televised game at Detroit.
Clemson and South Carolina Will Turn Down Bids Clemson and South Carolina will turn down bids to play in postseason bowl games after both teams fought during their game on Saturday.
Australian Dollar May Gain on Xstrata Bid for WMC Resources The Australian dollar may gain after Switzerland-based Xstrata Plc bid A\$7.4 billion (\$5.8 billion) for WMC Resources Ltd., stoking speculation it will have to buy dollars to pay shareholders.
Patches cause headaches for Fed managers Patching is the top concern of security managers in federal government, who feel that commercial software makers aren #39;t putting out a good enough product, according to a survey published Monday.
Honda Recalls 257,616 Accord Sedans in US for Torn Airbags Honda Motor Co., the second-largest Japanese automaker in the US, recalled 257,616 Accord sedans for the 2004 and 2005 model years because the driver-side air bag can tear while inflating.
American, Boeing Agree to Delay 54 Plane Deliveries (Update4) AMR Corp. #39;s American Airlines, the world #39;s largest carrier, delayed the deliveries of 54 Boeing Co. planes to save \$2.7 billion in spending over the next six years.
EU Wants More Info on ContentGuard Deal The European Commission #39;s formal objections to the ContentGuard deal centered on the joint control that Microsoft and Time Warner would enjoy over an important player in the digital rights management industry.
Update 1: Food Stocks Mixed on Campbell Report Shares of food makers were mixed in Monday trading after Campbell Soup Co., the world #39;s largest soupmaker, said its first-quarter profit grew 9 percent on stronger sales of its popular condensed soups.
ICQ Launches Improved E-Mail Service Longtime instant messaging player ICQ is going the portal route with the launch of two new e-mail services for its 20 million users.
Adult Entertainment Site Sues Google Perfect 10 is suing Google for unspecified damages, alleging copyright infringement. Google provides unauthorized access to thousands of its copyrighted pictures, Perfect 10 says.
God or science? Ninth-grade biology teachers in Dover, Pa., must include  #39;intelligent design #39; in their instruction. Observers say it is a sign of what #39;s to come.
Broadcom Chipsets Expand Wi-Fi Coverage Areas Broadcom said its new chips will operate at the highest transmission rate possible for a longer time than currently available chips, which are quicker to shift to lower data rates in order to maintain clear transmissions.
Woods closes in on Singh Tiger Woods has closed the gap on world number one Vijay Singh after winning his first strokeplay title of the year in Japan on Sunday.
San Jose State Football Coach Resigns SAN JOSE, Calif. Nov 22, 2004 - San Jose State coach Fitz Hill resigned Monday with one game left in his fourth straight losing season with the Spartans.
Iran has said it has frozen uranium enrichment programs WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush said Monday he wants to verify if Iran has indeed suspended its nuclear fuel program as it has said it has done.
Former Pakistan premier Benazir Bhutto #39;s husband released on bail KARACHI, Pakistan The husband of former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto (be-nah-zeer boo-tose) is breathing the air of a free man today.
Bush Tough-Guy Scuffle Plays Poorly in Chile While President Bush may have boosted his tough-guy image at home in a brief scuffle with local police during a summit in Chile, orderly Chileans were less impressed that he got physically involved and flouted security rules.
Israeli court charges officer for shooting schoolgirl his own soldiers of emptying his weapon into a Palestinian schoolgirl who was already dead, judicial sources said. The officer was charged with two counts of illegal use of a 
Report: Fast-Internet Use Doubles in U.S. The number of Americans using fast Internet connections doubled from 2001 through late 2003, still below some expectations and especially low among minority groups and people in rural areas, according to a report by the Bush administration.
Apple Stock Jumps to 4-Year High on IPod Apple Computer Inc. stock jumped to a four-year high Monday after a major Wall Street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its iPod music player is creating "wildfire word-of-mouth marketing" for its Mac computers and other products.
NFL Suspends Seattle Receiver Four Games Seattle receiver Koren Robinson was suspended without pay Monday for the next four games for violating the NFL's substance-abuse policy.
No. 15 Texas Crushes Chaminade 84-62 Texas withstood foul trouble and the 3-point shooting of Chris Reaves for an 84-62 victory over Chaminade on Monday in the opening round of the Maui Invitational.
Boston Red Sox Ticket Prices Up 7 Percent The World Series champion Boston Red Sox raised their ticket prices by an average of 7 percent for next year, with the price of field boxes increasing by \$10 to \$85.
Web surfing gets literal A prototype surfboard includes a notebook that allows surfers to check the latest wave and weather reports, navigate the Web and check e-mail between rides. Missing Links
Patches cause headaches for Fed managers Security managers in government agencies are most worried about patches and the poor quality of commercial software, a survey finds.
Cisco slips in key router market Third-quarter figures showing Cisco Systems continues to lose ground may be due to rough product transition.
NASD Bars Ex-Banker Quattrone for Life  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The NASD on Monday permanently barred  convicted former star technology banker Frank Quattrone from  the securities industry for refusing to testify about his  possible role in destroying documents and obstructing justice.
TiVo Net Loss Widens; Subscribers Grow  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - TiVo Inc., maker of digital  television recorders, on Monday posted a wider quarterly net  loss, as it boosted spending to achieve a sharp increase in new  subscribers to its fee-based TV service.
Cattle Industry Awaits Mad Cow Results  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. cattle industry anxiously  awaited government test results, expected as early as Monday,  that will determine if the United States has a second case of  the deadly mad cow disease, industry officials said.
Loews to Buy Entergy-Koch Pipeline  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Conglomerate Loews Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LTR.N&lt;/A&gt;  agreed to buy an 8,000-mile natural gas pipeline system from  Entergy-Koch LP for \$1.14 billion on Monday, in a bid to cash  in on rising U.S. demand for natural gas.
Review: Nintendo DS Computerworld's game expert reports: great graphics, good ergonomics and a decent launch library of games.
Survey finds digital divide among federal CISOs A survey released today indicates that federal chief information security officers at agencies with small budgets are struggling under the weight of regulatory paperwork, while counterparts at larger agencies have the time, money and manpower to work on strategic planning.
IBM, Honeywell sign 10-year, \$250M deal IBM and Honeywell International are teaming up in a 10-year engineering and technology services deal that covers the design and development of electronics for aircraft, munitions and vehicles.
IBM sales exec John Swainson to become CA CEO Computer Associates is set to name IBM sales executive John Swainson as its new CEO, completing a long search to replace indicted former CEO Sanjay Kumar, industry sources said.
Congress ups H-1B visa cap by 20,000 In response to pressure from high-tech businesses and industry groups, Congress this weekend approved an increase in the number of H-1B visas by 20,000 but limited it to specially qualified students.
Open-source e-mail vendor Scalix joins OSDL Linux e-mail and calendaring vendor Scalix has joined the nonprofit Open Source Development Labs to help push the implementation of desktop Linux.
Firefox lights up Web browser world The release of the Web browser by the Mozilla Foundation prompted Microsoft to break its silence about Internet Explorer, which won't get an overhaul until the next version of Windows is released in 2006.
Euro Web sites spread Bofra worm via banner ads Web site visitors who clicked on banner ads on a number of popular European Web sites over the weekend may have infected their computers with variants of the Bofra worm, experts said today.
Apple stock jumps following analyst report Apple Computer stock hit a four-year high today following the release of a report from Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster, who expects Apple's stock price to hit \$100.
Product Previews Adobe unveils Acrobat 7.0\Adobe Systems has launched Version 7.0 of its Acrobat family of desktop applications. Enhancements to the software allow users to leverage Acrobat 7.0 and Adobe PDF for processes such as assembling documents from multiple sources, creating forms, and secure collaboration. Acrobat 7.0 tightens integration with Adobe LiveCycle software for connecting document services with businesses processes. The integration allows Acrobat 7.0 Professional users to create XML and PDF forms that can be integrated into back-end systems. Also announced was Adobe Reader 7.0 client software, which facilitates Reader users participation in document reviews and access to Yahoo Search functions. Acrobat 7.0 Professional is priced at \$449; existing users can upgrade for \$159. Acrobat 7.0 Standard is priced at \$299; upgrades are priced at \$99.\Acrobat 7.0, Adobe Systems
Oracle, PeopleSoft standoff likely to linger The standoff between Oracle and PeopleSoft is once again at an impasse, as PeopleSoft's board refuses to sell the company at the price Oracle has offered, and Oracle refuses to raise its bid.
First Look: Voice Rec Gets Better Dragon NaturallySpeaking 8 works well as a dictation tool, but its PC controls are still limited.
Stern Rules Out Drastic Remedies for NBA (AP) AP - David Stern would not want to be in charge of a league that needs barriers to separate fans from players. The NBA commissioner is searching for more practical remedies to keep things civil in a sport where the intimate setting  #151; the highest-paying customers sit so close to the action they can smell the players' sweat  #151; is part of its appeal.
Oracle Rubs PeopleSoft #39;s Face in Tendered Shares Oracle Corp. sent yet another letter to PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board of directors on Monday morning, pointing out that a majority of PeopleSoft #39;s owners are prepared to sell at \$24 per share and requesting once 
GE Buys Citigroup #39;s Truck Finance Unit for \$4.4 Bln (Update2) General Electric Co. agreed to buy a Citigroup business that provides lending and leasing services to the trucking industry for \$4.4 billion in cash to build its commercial finance unit in areas where it already has expertise.
CA Taps IBM Vet John Swainson As CEO Swainson, a 26-year IBMer, most recently led the worldwide sales organization for the company #39;s software group. He replaces interim CEO Kenneth Cron.
Pulitzer Shares Up on Possible Sale Shares of newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. (PTZ) jumped as much as 18 percent on Monday after it said it hired Goldman Sachs as a financial adviser to explore a possible sale of the company.
Malicious Trojan Identified For Nokia Smartphones A malicious trojan for phones based on Nokia #39;s Series 60 smartphone platform disguised as shareware was revealed late last week.
UK #39;s Dixons kills VCR FIRST video killed the radio star. Now it looks like the video recorder #39;s days could be numbered too, after Britain #39;s biggest electrical retailer announced an end to sales of the household gadget.
ICQ, Mail2World Team On E-Mail Service ICQ and Mail2World are teaming up on a new e-mail service that includes spam filtering, virus scan and e-mail translation. ICQ is one of America Online #39;s very popular consumer instant mail 
NFL suspends Seahawks Robinson for four games KIRKLAND - Seahawks wide receiver Koren Robinson was suspended for four games today for violating the NFLs substance abuse policy.
Seahawks Receiver Robinson Suspended by NFL (Reuters) Reuters - Seattle Seahawks wide receiver\Koren Robinson has been suspended without pay for four games by\the league for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy.
UK aid workers airlifted from Darfur fighting More than 30 aid workers have been airlifted to safety from a town in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region after fighting broke out and their base was bombed, a British charity says.
Bush downplays security flaps on trip to Chile CARTAGENA, Colombia President Bush is shrugging off a pair of security flaps during his just-concluded visit to Chile. In one incident, Chilean security guards barred Bush #39;s Secret Service detail from a dinner 
Report: Seniors shortchanged by CPP; estimated  #36;1B in underpaid benefits (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A significant number of seniors are being shortchanged by the Canada Pension Plan, with the estimated underpayments totalling about  #36;1 billion, says a new report released Monday.
Major Quake Rattles Southern New Zealand (AP) AP - A powerful earthquake shook much of New Zealand's South Island on Tuesday, but emergency services said they had no immediate reports of injury or significant damage.
GOP Congressmen Defiant on Intel Bill (AP) AP - Defying President Bush, Reps. Duncan Hunter and James Sensenbrenner  #151; who led opposition dooming legislation based on the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations  #151; said they won't change their minds without Senate concessions.
Nephew to Get Arafat's Medical Records (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew arrived in Paris on Sunday to collect the Palestinian leader's medical records, which could explain the cause of his death. Nasser al-Kidwa, who is also the Palestinian representative to the United Nations, would not say when he would collect the records.
Bush Pledges to Aid Colombia's Drug Fight Under a security web of warplanes, battleships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep U.S. aid flowing so "this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists."
Xstrata  #39;will have to raise bid #39; to win WMC XSTRATA, the diversified miner, will have to increase its A\$7.4 billion (3.1 billion) bid for WMC Resources if it is to succeed, analysts have said.
TiVo loss less than expected TiVo, maker of digital television recorders, said Monday that its quarterly net loss widened as it boosted spending to acquire customers, but the number of subscribers to its fee-based television service rose sharply.
Hershey Foods to buy macadamia processor HERSHEY, Pa. - Hershey Foods Corp. has agreed to acquire Manua Loa Macadamia Nut Corp. from private equity investment firm Shansby Group to strengthen its snack offerings.
Krispy-Kreme Is Getting Harder to Stomach If investors thought things could only get better for Krispy Kreme Doughnuts (KKD:NYSE - news - research) after its disastrous summer, Monday #39;s third-quarter debacle proved them wrong.
Pulitzer Inc. might be for sale, report says The Pantagraph #39;s parent company, Pulitzer Inc., which also owns the Post-Dispatch in St. Louis and 12 other daily newspapers, may be for sale according to a Friday report by the Reuters news service.
Broker Gives Apple Shares a \$100 Price Target At \$100, the stock would trade at 37 times the broker #39;s calendar 2006 earnings for the company.  quot;While this multiple is a premium to the comp group, we believe it is warranted given 
The end of video? It was once as chic as a Walkman the size of a house brick and as tricky to work out as a Rubik #39;s cube - but the end appears nigh for the humble videotape recorder.
Kazaa Offers Unlimited Free Internet Phone Calls Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor of the Kazaa file-sharing software, on Monday launched its latest version which enables users to make free online calls anywhere in the world.
Solano calls tune for Villa Tottenham Hotspur slumped to their sixth defeat on the spin at Villa Park, deservedly undone by a fine display of penalty-box pyrotechnics from Nolberto Solano, whose goal 
NFL suspends Seahawks #39; Robinson Robinson has been suspended without pay for the next four Seahawks games for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy, according to a statement from the NFL released this afternoon.
Soccer: Barca #39;s behind us, bring on Bayer, says Real #39;s Raul MADRID : Real Madrid club captain Raul said the nine-times European Champions had already got their 3-0 thrashing by bitter rivals Barcelona out of their system.
Security Council, On Central African Peace Mission, Visits DR of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United Nations Security Council, fresh from a rare session in Kenya to speed up efforts to resolve civil wars in Sudan, today visited the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), another conflict-riven country where the world body is seeking to bring 
Penn State Coach Takes Medical Leave (AP) AP - Rene Portland is taking a leave of absence for medical reasons during her 25th year as Penn State's women's basketball coach.
Yankees' Sheffield Will Have Surgery  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - New York Yankees outfielder  Gary Sheffield will have arthroscopic surgery Tuesday on his  ailing left shoulder.
TiVo Net Loss Widens; Subscribers Grow (Reuters) Reuters - TiVo Inc., maker of digital\television recorders, on Monday posted a wider quarterly net\loss, as it boosted spending to achieve a sharp increase in new\subscribers to its fee-based TV service.
Hershey Buys Macadamia Nut Producer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hershey Foods Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HSY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HSY.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it would acquire Mauna Loa Macadamia Nut Corp. from  a private investor group for \$112.4 million, plus debt, as the  chocolate maker looks to add products that appeal to  health-conscious consumers.
China to discuss Cuba investments China's President in Hu is in Havana for talks expected to centre on Chinese investment in Cuba's metal and telecoms.
Cattle Industry Awaits Mad Cow Results (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. cattle industry anxiously\awaited government test results, expected as early as Monday,\that will determine if the United States has a second case of\the deadly mad cow disease, industry officials said.
Taking the toxic out of building We consume more every year, and the building industry is no exception. But more complex buildings are creating bigger problems when it comes to dealing with waste.
Conflicting stories on  #39;danger #39; rankings HARTFORD -- Hartford is one of the smallest of the nation #39;s big cities, but when it comes to crime the Connecticut capital ranks as the 7th most dangerous city in the country.
Quattrone barred from Wall Street NEW YORK The NASD on Monday said that it had permanently barred Frank Quattrone, the former star banker, from the securities industry for refusing to testify in an NASD investigation of his role in possible document destruction and obstruction of justice.
Carrier delays Boeing orders American Airlines, the world #39;s largest carrier, said Monday that it would delay the deliveries of 54 Boeing planes to save \$2.7 billion through 2010.
Stocks: Apple #39;s optimism pushes Wall Street higher NEW YORK US stocks reversed course and rose Monday, helped by an optimistic target for Apple Computer shares, but high energy costs remained a worry as oil prices crept back toward \$50 a barrel.
Travel tips for a safe and less stressful holiday The Boise Airport is bracing for the two busiest travel days of the year on Wednesday and Sunday. Travelers are advised to arrive at least two hours before their departure time.
Firefox catches fire As the number of downloads of Mozilla Foundation #39;s open source browser Firefox 1.0 continues to soar (4.7 hits by Nov. 19), people are asking what will established browsers do in response?
Britain has prevented Sept 11-style terrorist attack: report (AFP) AFP - British security services have foiled an Al-Qaeda plot to fly planes into targets in London in a September 11-style attack, Britain's independent ITV News network reported.
Kazaa Offers Unlimited Free Internet Phone Calls (Reuters) Reuters - Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor\of the Kazaa file-sharing software, on Monday launched its\latest version which enables users to make free online calls\anywhere in the world.
Passing Colts Have Edge in Ground Game (AP) AP - Edgerrin James is back to his old ways. Eluding tacklers with knee-buckling cuts and spins, dropping his shoulder to finish runs, he's giving the Indianapolis Colts the runner they need to keep defenses honest.
Product Previews (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Adobe unveils Acrobat 7.0\Adobe Systems has launched Version 7.0 of its Acrobat family of desktop applications. Enhancements to the software allow users to leverage Acrobat 7.0 and Adobe PDF for processes such as assembling documents from multiple sources, creating forms, and secure collaboration. Acrobat 7.0 tightens integration with Adobe LiveCycle software for connecting document services with businesses processes. The integration allows Acrobat 7.0 Professional users to create XML and PDF forms that can be integrated into back-end systems. Also announced was Adobe Reader 7.0 client software, which facilitates Reader users #8217; participation in document reviews and access to Yahoo Search functions. Acrobat 7.0 Professional is priced at  #36;449; existing users can upgrade for  #36;159. Acrobat 7.0 Standard is priced at  #36;299; upgrades are priced at  #36;99.\Acrobat 7.0, Adobe Systems
Solano provides touch of class to keep Villa upwardly mobile HAVING shown a snobbish disdain for the notion of winning ugly, Tottenham Hotspur now appear addicted to the new artform of losing pretty.
Make-or-break tie for Monaco MONACO: Former France great Didier Deschamps has been a coach for a little over two seasons, and it is only now the man who has won almost everything in football is finding that the going can get tough at the top.
Yankees #39; Sheffield to undergo shoulder surgery BRONX, NY (Ticker) -- New York Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield, who finished second in voting for the American League Most Valuable Player, will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left shoulder Tuesday.
Pacers officials back banished players (AFP) AFP - Indiana Pacers officials backed their players as the National Basketball Association rang with recriminations in the wake of a violent brawl between Pacers players and fans in Detroit.
Kapler First to Bolt World Series Champs (AP) AP - Gabe Kapler became the first player to leave the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, agreeing to a one-year contract with the Yomiuri Giants in Tokyo.
Cause of Arafat #39;s death uncertain, nephew says PARIS Yasser Arafat #39;s death remained a mystery Monday when his nephew said he could not rule out that the Palestinian leader had been poisoned.
Israeli captain charged in death JERUSALEM Military prosecutors on Monday charged an army captain with five separate offenses following accusations by fellow soldiers that he repeatedly shot a 13-year-old Palestinian schoolgirl to make sure she was dead.
CA to Name IBM Exec Swainson as CEO (Reuters) Reuters - Computer Associates International Inc.\ is set to name IBM software sales head John Swainson as\chief executive, completing a seven-month search to replace\indicted former CEO Sanjay Kumar, sources said on Monday.
Iowa Expecting Capital One Invitation (AP) AP - Here's some advice from the Capital One Bowl for Iowa fans thinking about reserving flights to Orlando: Book them.
Alberta's political future in the hands of voters in provincial election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Alberta's political future was in the hands of voters as the Progressive Conservatives sought a 10th consecutive election victory on Monday. Premier Ralph Klein - who was seeking a fourth mandate - appeared relaxed when he arrived at a Calgary-Elbow polling station to cast his ballot.
IBM Exec May Become Computer Associates CEO (AP) AP - Troubled business software company Computer Associates International Inc. reportedly has selected longtime IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive.
U.S. Stocks, Bonds Rise, Oil, Dollar Fall (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday as\a dramatically raised price target for Apple Computer Inc.\shares spilled over to other technology stocks, and a rally in\crude oil stalled as traders took profits.
Ocean Survey Finds New Fish, Tuna Migration Routes (Reuters) Reuters - A survey of the world's oceans is\turning up more than two new species of fish a week and\revealing huge trans-ocean migration routes by creatures from\turtles to tuna, scientists say.
Kazaa Offers Unlimited Free Internet Phone Calls  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor  of the Kazaa file-sharing software, on Monday launched its  latest version which enables users to make free online calls  anywhere in the world.
U.S. Stocks, Bonds Rise, Oil, Dollar Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday as  a dramatically raised price target for Apple Computer Inc.  shares spilled over to other technology stocks, and a rally in  crude oil stalled as traders took profits.
Attackers strike using Web ads Online intruders hit a server owned by advertising host Falk and use it to distribute a destructive program via banner ads.
Patches cause headaches for federal managers Security managers in government agencies are most worried about patches and the poor quality of commercial software, a survey finds.
Eye On Stocks For Tuesday, Nov. 23 A General Electric (nyse: GE - news - people ) subsidiary announced it would acquire the transportation financing unit of Citigroup (nyse: C - news - people ) in a cash deal worth approximately \$4.4 billion.
US CREDIT-Toys R Us could supply Christmas cheer Toys R Us #39; (TOY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) earnings report on Monday was nothing special, but some traders think the company #39;s upcoming holiday sale season could be impressive.
Liverpool bank on Gerrard to provide winning return THE previous time that Steven Gerrard was in Monaco, it was three years ago as the tyro at the heart of a Liverpool team contesting the European Super Cup final, which would yield his fifth winners medal in a heady six-month period.
San Jose State football coach resigns San Jose, CA (Sports Network) - San Jose State head football coach Fitz Hill announced his resignation, effective at season #39;s end.
First of Red Sox #39;s title team leaves team The Red Sox lost the first member of their world-championship team Monday when free-agent outfielder Gabe Kapler agreed to a one-year contract with Japan #39;s premier franchise, the Yomiuri Giants.
Bills Coach Downplays Rams' Complaints (AP) AP - Mike Mularkey is shrugging off St. Louis coach Mike Martz's accusations that Buffalo players took cheap shots during their win over the Rams.
EU agrees to develop battle group crisis teams BRUSSELS European Union nations agreed Monday to create about a dozen elite battle groups to intervene in international crises, in what defense ministers called an important step in extending the bloc #39;s military reach.
Texas Quickly Fading From BCS Picture (AP) AP - The Texas Longhorns might want to forget about the Bowl Championship Series. It looks like the BCS has all but forgotten them.
Fight Fallout: Clemson Declines Bowl Bid  CLEMSON, S.C. (Sports Network) - NBA commissioner David  Stern isn't the only one coming down hard on brawling.
For Artest, Today's Troubles Took Root Years Ago It often seems as if Ron Artest cannot help being at the center of a storm.
Oracle to PeopleSoft: Drop Poison Pill  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. on Monday again  asked PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors to rescind an  anti-takeover provision, as the two business software makers  prepared to return to court this week to address one of the  final barriers to the \$9.2-billion takeover bid.
USDA: Mad Cow Test Not Complete  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Final U.S. government tests on an  animal suspected of having mad cow disease were not yet  complete, the U.S. Agriculture Department said, with no  announcement on the results expected on Monday.
Apple shares boom on iPod sales Apple Computer shares jumped to fresh four-year highs in the US overnight, as the popularity of its iPod digital music player spurred a Wall Street analyst to nearly double his price target on the stock.
Brown Canada workers hit the bricks TORONTO, (Nov. 22, 2004) -- About 3,800 UPS Canada employees, represented by the Canadian Council of Teamsters, have gone on strike.
The conspiracy game: JFK #39;s assassination is turned into computer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For years, experts have argued over who killed President John Kennedy and whether it was the work of a lone gunman. Now, after four decades of endless speculation, a 
We love movies, and only DVDs will do Routemaster buses, red telephone boxes, high street bank branches - are becoming endangered species, nostalgic protests inevitably follow.
ICQmail To Launch Premium E-Mail Service Jennifer Wilson, vice president of marketing and data at e-mail performance management firm Return Path, said there is still plenty of interest in new e-mail services.
Microsoft #39;s Avalon Will Make Networked Applications Smarter Members of Microsoft #39;s Developer Network got a sneak peek at Microsoft #39;s Avalon windowing elements technology last week. Avalon, which will make the user interface much more than just a 
Chipmaker Claims 50 Greater Wi-Fi Range Chipmaker Broadcom said Monday that has released new technology that increases the range of 802.11g chipsets by as much as 50 percent.
Trapeze Software Eases Services Delivery Trapeze Networks Inc. this week will announce upgrades to its wireless LAN switch software that make it easier to deliver and manage public and private WLAN services over the same infrastructure.
LG Electronics supersizes plasma SOUTH KOREA  #39;S LG Electronics said it had embarked on production of the world #39;s largest plasma display panel (PDP) flat television screen.
Jol unhappy with penalty decision Tottenham coach Martin Jol felt his side were denied a clear-cut penalty as they slipped to a 1-0 defeat away to Aston Villa.  quot;I was maybe 80 yards away but to me it looked a definite penalty after the challenge 
Kapler leaves Red Sox for Yomiuri Giants Boston Red Sox outfielder Gabe Kapler has signed with the Yomiuri Giants in Japan, opting for the chance to play every day over a return to the World Series champions.
American Football: Eli #39;s fine start upholds Manning tradition While elder brother Peyton continues his relentless assault on the record books, Eli Manning took his first steps towards a stellar career in the NFL on Sunday, when he made his first start 
Mularkey shrugs off Martz #39;s complaints of Bills cheap shots Mike Mularkey is shrugging off St. Louis coach Mike Martz #39;s accusations that Buffalo players took cheap shots during their win over the Rams.
Mets, Benson make deal official Omar Minaya officially locked up Kris Benson for the next three seasons on Monday, but the Mets general manager couldn #39;t say for certain whether Al Leiter would join him in the rotation in 2005.
Prince Charles Tries to Undo Memo's Damage (AP) AP - The tempest over Prince Charles' views on upward mobility was all a misunderstanding, the heir to the throne said Monday, insisting he had not said that people should "know their place"  #151; and by implication, trim their ambitions to match their social rank.
Uranium enrichment suspended by Iran The suspension fulfills a pledge Iran made earlier this month and came days ahead of a key meeting of the agency #39;s board to judge Tehran #39;s compliance with the agency #39;s investigation into nearly two decades of hidden nuclear activities.
I made the right choices for European Commission, says Barroso Jose Manuel Barroso, the European Commission president, yesterday backed France #39;s European Commissioner, Jacques Barrot, and said he had no regrets over his handling of a dramatic showdown with MEPs last month.
WFP warns of two million displaced in Darfur by December (AFP) AFP - A top UN aid official warned that the number of people chased from their homes in Sudan's strife-torn Darfur region would reach two million by next month.
Japanese Financial Markets Closed (AP) AP - Japan's financial markets were closed Tuesday for a national holiday. Markets will reopen on Wednesday.
Wallace Accepts Penalty Detroit's Ben Wallace will not appeal the six-game suspension the NBA gave him for his involvement in Friday night's brawl with the Pacers.
Oracle Gets Nod from PeopleSoft Shareholders With PeopleSoft stocksholders reportedly tendering some 60 percent of the company #39;s shares, Oracle is pressing forward with its proposed hostile takeover.
Woods doubles up field to end drought Miyazaki, Japan (Sports Network) - Tiger Woods shot a three-under 67 on Sunday to easily win the Dunlop Phoenix by eight strokes. Woods completed the tournament at 16-under-par 264.
Navy went to the EV1.net Houston Bowl last year SAN FRANCISCO -- For only the second time in school history, Navy is going to a bowl in back-to-back seasons. Naval Academy athletic director Chet Gladchuk announced Monday that the team has accepted an invitation 
Palestinians Believe Arafat Was Poisoned: Poll NABLUS, 22 November 2004 - More than 80 percent of Palestinians believe that veteran leader Yasser Arafat died as a result of poisoning and not from natural causes, a poll published yesterday revealed.
Israel charges soldier in 13-year-old #39;s death JERUSALEM - Military prosecutors have issued a five-count indictment against an Israeli officer who comrades say repeatedly shot a 13-year old Palestinian girl to make sure that she was dead, a military spokeswoman said Monday.
Bush Praises Colombia's Battle Vs. Drugs (AP) AP - Under a security web of warplanes, battleships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep U.S. aid flowing so "this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists."
Summary Box: Leaner Budget, Stubborn Debt (AP) AP - SEEING RED: The government deficit is so big that the just-passed  #36;388 billion bill financing almost every federal agency in 2005 could be eliminated and there would still be red ink.
Americans Still Concerned About Bush Agenda, Poll Shows Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.
Iraqis Get Lesson in Bureaucracy The men and women with smiles on their faces and drinks in their hands had come a long way for dinner -- all the way from Iraq, in fact.
Oracle shares drop, PeopleSoft #39;s rise ahead of court fight NEW YORK (AFP) - Software giant Oracle Corp. #39;s shares dipped while the stock of its rival, PeopleSoft, rose ahead of a court battle this week over PeopleSoft #39;s resistance to Oracle #39;s 18-month-old takeover bid.
Switzerland #39;s Xstrata Makes Hostile Bid for Australia #39;s WMC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Xstrata #39;s \$4.97-a-share cash offer is the same price rejected by WMC #39;s board a few weeks ago when the Swiss company made its initial approaches.
Trump casinos in bankruptcy for second time Donald Trump bowed to the inevitable late on Sunday, sending his casino empire into bankruptcy for the second time in its troubled history.
Tivo 3Q Loss Widens, Gives Outlook TiVo Inc., a maker of digital recorders for televisions, on Monday posted a wider third-quarter loss on an investment in subscription acquisition activities, but the company performed better than Wall Street expected.
Study looks at hardy LI black ducks With its great plains of concrete and endless shopping malls, Long Island would seem an unlikely location for wildlife research. Yet this winter a team of waterfowl biologists will follow 
Yorke eyes transfer over lack of support #39; Dwight Yorke, the Birmingham City striker at the centre of a police investigation into alleged racism at Blackburn Rovers on Sunday, is upset by the lack of support he 
US fears for World Cup winner Casey SEVILLE (Spain): A knee-trembling three-foot putt brought the curtain down on Sunday on an extraordinary, topsy-turvy week for England Ryder Cup star Paul Casey.
Former Senator glad MLB is back Three former Washington Senators attended Monday #39;s press conference in which city and team officials announced that Washington, DC #39;s new baseball team would be named the Nationals.
Pountney holds the fort after divided Saints sack Solomons Northampton, faced with the prospect of ending the first half of the Zurich Premiership programme at the bottom of the table, will trawl the world for a head coach after yesterday #39;s sacking of Alan Solomons.
Yankees' Sheffield Faces Shoulder Surgery (AP) AP - Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield will have arthroscopic surgery Tuesday on his left shoulder, which didn't improve after two weeks of rehabilitation.
Iran bows to UN threat over nuclear programme IRAN formally suspended its controversial uranium-enrichment programme yesterday, but doubts remain about its true intentions. The United States is convinced that Tehran is engaged in a clandestine nuclear weapons project.
Israeli Captain Is Charged in Shooting of Palestinian Girl Military prosecutors charged an army captain today with five separate offenses after accusations by fellow soldiers that he repeatedly shot a 13-year-old Palestinian schoolgirl to make sure she was dead.
Navy Accepts Emerald Bowl Bid (AP) AP - Navy accepted an invitation to the Emerald Bowl, putting the Midshipmen in the postseason in consecutive years for just the second time in school history.
Mylan Labs Board Rebuffs Icahn Pitch (Reuters) Reuters - Mylan Laboratories Inc.'s  board\on Monday rebuffed financier Carl Icahn's bid to buy the\company, and said it remains committed to its  #36;3.37 billion\purchase of brand-name drug-maker King Pharmaceuticals Inc.\.
Oracle to PeopleSoft: Drop Poison Pill (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp. on Monday again\asked PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors to rescind an\anti-takeover provision, as the two business software makers\prepared to return to court this week to address one of the\final barriers to the  #36;9.2-billion takeover bid.
McDonald's CEO Steps Down Due to Cancer (Reuters) Reuters - McDonald's Corp. \President and Chief Executive Charlie Bell stepped down\effective immediately to focus on his cancer treatment, the\company said on Monday.
Iowa Upends No. 12 Louisville 76-71 (AP) AP - Jeff Horner scored 11 points in a 4 1/2-minute span of the second half, part of a nine-minute stretch when Iowa held No. 12 Louisville without a field goal in the Hawkeyes' 76-71 victory Monday in the opening round of the Maui Invitational.
Iran Halts Key Nuclear Work to Avoid Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - Iran on Monday suspended sensitive\nuclear activities that could be used to make a bomb in a move\likely to thwart U.S. efforts to report the Islamic Republic to\the U.N. Security Council for possible sanctions.
League Slaps Example Ban On Brawling Ball Players NEW YORK - The wrath of David Stern was unleashed, giving Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson and Jermaine O #39;Neal a long time - extremely long in Artest #39;s case - to ponder the error of their ways.
Villa give Tottenham sixth straight league loss Peru midfielder Nolberto Solano helped Aston Villa to a 1-0 win over Tottenham Hotspur, handing the London club sixth straight league defeat Monday in the PremierLeague.
Alex regrets for the misses ALEX FERGUSON believes there is still one gaping omission in his record at Manchester United. As he prepares for his 1,000th game tonight against Lyon in the Champions League he can look back on singles, doubles and trebles.
Source says Spurrier headed to South Carolina COLUMBIA, SC A source tells The Associated Press that Steve Spurrier will be hired as Lou Holtz #39;s replacement at South Carolina.
Wake Forest leaps to No. 1 for first time in school history McLEAN, Va. (SportsTicker) - Wake Forest took over the top spot in the USA Today/ESPN coaches poll but North Carolina and Arizona were the biggest losers.
Insurgent was faking death Marines in Fallujah shot and killed an insurgent who opened fire on them while faking dead Sunday, the 1st Marine Division announced Monday.
Stockwell Day points to AIDS story to explain Arafat snub (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Stockwell Day is pointing to a published report that includes the suggestion that Yasser Arafat had AIDS in explaining why he didn't send condolences on the death of the PLO leader.
Third-Party Candidates Seek Ohio Recount (AP) AP - Two third-party presidential candidates filed a federal lawsuit Monday to force a recount of Ohio ballots, and a spokesman for the state Democratic Party said it intends to join the suit.
Dollar dips against euro as G20 offers no reprieve NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 22: The dollar slipped against the euro on Monday in thin trading after a weekend meeting of the Group of 20 finance ministers and central bankers in Berlin offered no concrete measures to stem the dollar #39;s decline.
Pentagon says it will open tanker deal to competition WASHINGTON The Pentagon says it #39;s reopening a controversial deal to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force, dealing a blow to Chicago-based Boeing.
Skulls Trojan attacks Symbian mobile phones Users of Nokia #39;s 7610 smart phone and other phones running Symbian #39;s Series 60 software should be aware of a new Trojan program on the Internet.
Kazaa offers unlimited free Internet phone calls Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread IP telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Isle of Wight was home to biggest dinosaur yet Bones from the biggest dinosaur so far reported by scientists in Europe have been discovered in the Isle of Wight. A single neck bone from the 125 million to 130 million-year 
Prosecutor: Players, Fans To Be Held Accountable For Brawl AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- Investigators are mulling whether to file criminal charges in connection with the brawl at Friday #39;s Pacers-Pistons game, and neither player nor fan will be spared if prosecution is warranted, Oakland County #39;s prosecutor said Monday.
Kentucky Offensive Coordinator Resigns LEXINGTON, Ky. Nov 22, 2004 - Kentucky offensive coordinator Ron Hudson resigned Monday after directing one of the worst offenses in college football this season.
Dorsett watches two players pass him on NFL list Tony Dorsett was impressed with Curtis Martin the first time he saw the running back suit up for the University of Pittsburgh. Not much has changed since.
FOOTBALL: NOU BALLS PLEASE HENRIK LARSSON is out for the season because of a shattered left knee but Barcelona #39;s manager Frank Rijkaard, while sympathetic to the Swede #39;s plight, won #39;t lose any sleep ahead of tomorrow night #39;s Champions League match against Celtic.
My hope for the Middle East, by Powell Colin Powell, the outgoing American secretary of state, voiced hopes yesterday for a revival in the Middle East peace process following his first meeting with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in more than 18 months.
Bahrain renews Iraqi talks offer SHARM EL-SHEIKH: Bahrain last night reiterated His Majesty King Hamad #39;s offer to host an Iraqi political multi-sectarian conference in Manama.
McDonald's CEO Steps Down Due to Cancer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday President and Chief Executive Charlie Bell had stepped  down to focus on his cancer treatment and that Vice Chairman  Jim Skinner would replace him.
IBM Wins Honeywell Deal, Eyes More  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM has won a long-term contract from  Honeywell worth several hundred million dollars, its largest  military/aerospace engineering contract since IBM exited the  field a decade ago, it said on Monday.
Ukraine Liberals Vow New Rallies to Overturn Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor\Yushchenko pledged a campaign of mass street protests to\overturn presidential election results he, and Western\countries, say were rigged by a Moscow-backed government.
McDonald #39;s CEO Steps Down Due to Cancer McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) President and Chief Executive Charlie Bell stepped down effective immediately to focus on his cancer treatment, the company said on Monday.
Swainson: IBM Exec Seen As Next Computer Assoc. CEO The wild one. Computer Associates International (nyse: CA - news - people ) has named John Swainson as its new chief executive, reports say.
Apple price target boost gives struggling Dow a late fillip US STOCKS rose yesterday as a higher price target for the shares of Apple Computer generated enthusiasm for technology stocks and investors waved off worry about a decline in the dollar.
Mozilla backtracks in eBay privacy flap The Mozilla Foundation has updated the German-language version of Firefox in a bid to defuse a growing controversy over the way its search toolbar handles private customer data.
Expanding Isotrak becomes blade runner Logistics support firm Isotrak, whose customers include Tesco and Royal Mail, has used blade servers to expand its computing capacity without enlarging its datacentres.
Scientists unearth UK #39;s biggest dinosaur BONES from the biggest dinosaur ever discovered in the UK have been excavated by fossil hunters on the Isle of Wight, according to scientists.
Pacers officials back banished players Indiana Pacers officials backed their players as the National Basketball Association rang with recriminations in the wake of a violent brawl between Pacers players and fans in Detroit.
Federer rolls on in a class of his own While there cannot be the slightest doubt that the decision to stage the end-of-season Masters Cup at a modest outdoor arena in Texas for the past two years was a huge mistake, the incandescent play of Switzerland #39;s Roger Federer has preserved the 
Ravens might be without Jamal Lewis against Patriots The Baltimore Ravens have become accustomed to overcoming injuries and off-the-field problems this season, so there was no sense of panic upon learning that running back Jamal Lewis could miss this week #39;s game against the New England Patriots.
Fatah Party Chooses Abbas As Its Candidate (AP) AP - The ruling Fatah party chose Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority in Jan. 9 elections, a Palestinian official said. Abbas, 69, Arafat's longtime deputy as head of the Palestine Liberation Organization, has already been named head of the PLO.
Nude Photo Publisher Perfect 10 Sues Google (Reuters) Reuters - A California-based pornographer\said on Monday it has sued Google Inc. , alleging that\its leading Internet search engines are illegally allowing\people to view hijacked versions of its nude photos and to\access its Web site with stolen passwords.
BUSH SEEKS FUNDS FOR COLOMBIA US President George W. Bush has vowed to seek more funding for a sweeping plan to battle cocaine production and defeat heavily armed rebels in Colombia.
Cell Phone Makers Fast Getting In Tune With Emergence Of Digital Music (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Growing use of digital music players has cell phone makers singing a happy tune.
IBM Wins Honeywell Deal, Eyes More (Reuters) Reuters - IBM has won a long-term contract from\Honeywell worth several hundred million dollars, its largest\military/aerospace engineering contract since IBM exited the\field a decade ago, it said on Monday.
Strong Earthquake Rattles New Zealand's South Island (Reuters) Reuters - A strong earthquake shook New\Zealand's South Island on Tuesday but there were no reports of\injuries or major damage, officials and witnesses said.
Ducks Continue to Thrive in Long Island (AP) AP - Before the shopping malls, before Levittown and Jones Beach, before the traffic jams on the Long Island Expressway, there were the ducks.
Drunken Rats Used to Study Alcohol Effects (AP) AP - A collection of drunken rats is helping University of North Carolina researchers understand how brains repair themselves after chronic drinking  #151; and possibly find new ways to help alcoholics recover full mental capacity.
Nintendo's innards Wondering what your shiny new Nintendo DS looks like on the inside? Lik Sang saves you the voided warranty with a new photo gallery showing a detailed dissection of the new handheld game machine. Missing Links
AMD releases budget notebook chips Advanced Micro Devices has started to ship the Sempron 3000 chip for budget notebooks.
Skulls on cell phones don't scare Symbian Symbian says the Skulls program that disrupts some cell phones might not be a Trojan horse.
SunRocket fires off new low for Net phone rates Two former MCI honchos to introduce unlimited domestic calling to any number, plus some international dialing, for about \$16 a month.
McDonald #39;s Says Chief Executive Charlie Bell Resigns (Update1) McDonald #39;s Corp., the world #39;s largest restaurant chain, said Chief Executive and President Charlie Bell has resigned to focus on his fight against cancer.
Briefs: US firms buy Baring Asset unit ING Groep, the largest Dutch financial services company, agreed Monday to sell London-based Baring Asset Management to two US buyers.
People angry at JFK game Traffic, a Scottish firm, has announced a release of JFK game, codenamed JFK Reloaded today. The firm plans to launch the game on the 41st anniversary of Kennedys death.
Microsoft TV Attracts Older People To The Web Microsoft is hoping its Web-based TV service will attract ageing users to surf the Internet, read e-mail and view digital photos - all without a computer.
Victory Doesn't Impress Schottenheimer (AP) AP - Things are going so well with the surprising San Diego Chargers that they're asking season-ticket holders for playoff deposits and one of their least-known players is dating Pamela Anderson.
Artest Expresses Regret Over Brawl with Detroit Fans (Reuters) Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest\has admitted that he regrets charging into the stands to fight\Detroit Pistons fans last Friday, sparking an ugly brawl that\led to his suspension for the rest of the season.
ABC News No Charges Imminent After Basketball Brawl John Green of West Bloomfield Township, Mich., shown on a framegrab from WDIV-TV in Detroit, Nov. 22, 2004. County prosecutor David Gorcyca said that Green was the fan who threw a cup that hit Indiana forward 
NCAA Game Summary - Iowa vs. Louisville Maui, HI (Sports Network) - Jeff Horner scored 18 points and Pierre Pierce added 16, as Iowa knocked off 12th-ranked Louisville, 76-71, in the opening round of the Maui Invitational at the Lahaina Civic Center.
Hu: No more Yasukuni visits SANTIAGO, Chile-Chinese President Hu Jintao told Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi that his repeated visits to Yasukuni Shrine are the biggest obstacles to improving Japan-China relations.
Artest Expresses Regret Over Brawl with Detroit Fans  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest  has admitted that he regrets charging into the stands to fight  Detroit Pistons fans last Friday, sparking an ugly brawl that  led to his suspension for the rest of the season.
College Basketball: Iowa Surprises Louisville  MAUI, Hawaii (Sports Network) - Jeff Horner scored 18  points and Pierre Pierce added 16, as Iowa knocked off  12th-ranked Louisville, 76-71, in the opening round of the Maui  Invitational at the Lahaina Civic Center.
Houston Ready for Next Step Knicks guard Allan Houston pronounced himself ready to begin scrimmaging, and he could get his first chance later this week.
Still Waiting for a New Home The MetroStars' telephone conference call after M.L.S.'s expansion draft was a lot like the team's disappointing season - snaps, crackles but ultimately no pop.
Oil prices drop, stocks rise on light pre-holiday trading By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stocks moved modestly higher Monday. Investors are likely to do little trading this week because of the Thanksgiving holiday.
Pentagon says it will open tanker deal to competition WASHINGTON The Pentagon is reopening a controversial 23 (b) billion dollar deal with Boeing to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force.
AstraZeneca and CAT in research deal AstraZeneca is spending 75 million pounds to take a 20 percent stake in Cambridge Antibody Technology and boost its position in one of the fastest-growing fields of drug research.
Nude Photo Publisher Perfect 10 Sues Google A California-based pornographer said on Monday it has sued Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , alleging that its leading Internet search engines are 
Prince of Persia: The Final Interview Now that we #39;ve beaten Warrior Within, we return to ask Ubisoft some final questions. November 22, 2004 - Prince of Persia: Warrior Within ships December 2 for Xbox, PS2, GameCube, and PC.
Penn. School District Offers  #39;Intelligent Design #39; Book as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Pennsylvania school district thought to be the first school to teach Intelligent Design released a statement on Friday clarifying that its procedural statements to be read as part of its biology curriculum is only an attempt to present a 
Mavs' Nowitzki Out With Sprained Ankle (AP) AP - Dirk Nowitzki missed the Dallas Mavericks' game against Minnesota on Monday night and likely will miss three or four more because of a sprained ankle, adding the team's best player to an already lengthy list of hobbling players.
Nowitzki Sidelined With Ankle Injury Dallas, TX -- Dallas Mavericks All-Star forward Dirk Nowitzki is expected to be sidelined 7-to-10 days after an MRI exam Monday revealed a mild left ankle sprain.
Thanks to Back-Door, but Legal, Maneuver, Pakistan Has New Prime &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PAKISTAN #39;S NATIONAL Assembly has elected Shaukat Aziz as the countrys new prime minister, replacing interim Prime Minister Chaudhri Shujaat, who stepped in when Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali resigned June 28.
No. 6 Notre Dame Clips Colorado St. 69-47 (AP) AP - Megan Duffy scored 15 points and Jacqueline Batteast added 14 points, nine rebounds and seven assists to lead Notre Dame to a 69-47 victory over Colorado State on Monday night.
Communist duo seek closer ties Chinese President Hu Jintao visits Cuba's Fidel Castro, as the two communist countries seek closer ties.
Crime tops Queen's Speech agenda New measures to fight crime and drugs are expected to be at the heart of the Queen's Speech on Tuesday.
Ailing McDonald #39;s CEO resigs McDonald #39;s Corp. CEO Charlie Bell, who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer in May, resigned Monday to focus on his battle with the disease, the company announced.
Hartford tackles image as nation #39;s seventh-most dangerous city HARTFORD, Conn. -- Hartford officials are pointing to steadily decreasing crime statistics and an overhauled police department in an attempt to discredit a national survey ranking Hartford the country #39;s seventh-dangerous city.
Chinas mobile phone users go over the 320-million mark China recorded more than 320 million subscribers to mobile phone services as of the end of October this year, equivalent to a penetration rate of 24.8 users per 100 persons, according to statistics released by Chinas Ministry of Information Industry.
Game  quot;JFK quot; reloads ire A new video game  quot;JFK Reloaded quot; released at the time which coincides with the 41st anniversary of Kennedy #39;s murder stirs up so much controversy that even its producers can hardly expect.
Skulls Trojan attacks Symbian mobile phones Users using Symbian operating system based mobile phones (series 60) should be careful about a new application (which can be downloaded from regular shareware and freeware websites) that instills a Trojan, codenamed Skulls.
Bird says team  quot;fully supports Ron Artest, quot; police review tape Indiana Pacers chief executive Donnie Walsh says the team hasn #39;t decided whether it will appeal the NBA #39;s suspensions of Ron Artest and two other Indiana players following Friday night #39;s brawl in Detroit.
Racism rears its ugly head Football #39;s authorities have called for renewed vigilance against racism in the game following the reported abuse towards Dwight Yorke at Blackburn.
First-time major winners Mickelson, Hamilton square off in Grand &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Masters champion Phil Mickelson and British Open winner Todd Hamilton took two very different roads to get to the PGA Grand Slam of Golf.
Arafats Nephew Blames Israel (IsraelNN.com) Yasser Arafats nephew Nasser al-Kidwa announced after receiving the late arch terrorists medical records that no poison known to French officials was detected in Yasser Arafats bloodstream.
Pennington Responds to Ranking Atlanta Police Chief Richard Pennington on Monday disputed a claim that Atlanta is the nation #39;s third most dangerous city. Pennington said crime has gone down since he took over as police chief in 2002.
Orange County, Indiana still ready for Trump casino A southern Indiana county is keeping its hopes up for an economic revival led by Donald Trump #39;s casino even though his casino company has filed for bankruptcy protection.
No. 1 Wake Forest Wallops Yale 99-72 (AP) AP - Wake Forest celebrated its first appearance at No. 1 with an easy victory. Chris Paul, Eric Williams and Kyle Visser each scored 15 points to lead the Demon Deacons past Yale 99-72 Monday night.
Red Sox video debuts during gala party in Boston Trot Nixon couldn #39;t wait to see the Red Sox playoff run on the big screen. The Boston outfielder already knew the ending would be great.
Seahawks #39; Robinson hit with four-game suspension Seattle receiver Koren Robinson was suspended without pay Monday for the next four games for violating the NFL #39;s substance-abuse policy.
Sportsview: Gap Between NBA Players, Fans (AP) AP - The NBA's problems cut deeper than image, go further than the fighting in Detroit, and can't be solved simply by suspensions.
At Least 17 Killed in Darfur Fighting (AP) AP - Fighting near a village in Sudan's crisis-plagued Darfur region killed at least 17 people Monday, while helicopters rescued dozens of workers who fled into the bush to escape.
No. 9 Duke Holds Off Davidson 74-61 (AP) AP - Daniel Ewing scored 16 of his 19 points in the second half and sparked two big runs to help No. 9 Duke pull out a 74-61 victory over pesky Davidson on Monday night at the Charlotte Coliseum.
Audit Lays Blames for Fla. Database Errors (AP) AP - Florida elections officials were lax in their oversight of the company that created a flawed database of felons and dead voters, but there was no intent to disenfranchise anyone, an internal audit of the project found.
Martin Says His Trade Isn't the Fault of Thorn Kenyon Martin made it clear Sunday that he did not hold Rod Thorn responsible for his departure after he spent his first four N.B.A. seasons with the Nets.
Pakistan committed to peace talks \Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz says his country stands for peace and dialogue ahead of a visit to India.
Detroit Pistons Team Report - December 4 (Sports Network) - The defending world champion Detroit Pistons will try to get back to the .500 mark tonight, when they travel to New Orleans to battle the struggling Hornets.
Americans Show Clear Concerns on Bush Agenda Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.
Oracle Secures Nearly 61 PeopleSoft Shareholder Backing Oracle has won backing from slightly more than 60 of PeopleSoft Inc. shareholders in its \$9.2 billion hostile takeover. Friday evening, the software maker announced that 228.7 million out of the roughly 376 
McDonald #39;s CEO Steps Down Due to Cancer McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday President and Chief Executive Charlie Bell had stepped down to focus on his cancer treatment and that Vice Chairman Jim Skinner would replace him.
Gary Sheffield #39;s shoulder bothered him for most of the season. (Al &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK -- After three weeks of rest didn #39;t do the trick, Gary Sheffield will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left shoulder on Tuesday.
Henson plays for Cowboys, now will he start? Now Henson is waiting like everyone else to find out if he #39;ll soon be the starting quarterback. Coach Bill Parcells today said starter Vinny Testaverde is questionable because of a sore shoulder and back.
Kapler first to bolt World Series champions Gabe Kapler became the first player to leave the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, agreeing to a one-year contract with the Yomiuri Giants in Tokyo.
EU chief vows to champion reforms BRUSSELS Jos Manuel Barroso came out fighting here Monday, his first day as president of the European Commission, saying the uncertainty surrounding the incoming commission had not dented the European Union #39;s credibility but was a sign of a growing EU 
Jaguars' Leftwich Expects to Return This Week  JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Jacksonville Jaguars  quarterback Byron Leftwich expects to be back in the starting  lineup this week when his team travels to Minnesota to take on  the Vikings.
Busch hangs on for Nextel Cup title; Biffle wins Ford 400 HOMESTEAD, Florida (Ticker) -- Kurt Busch overcame a variety of setbacks, including a wheel falling off his car early in Sunday #39;s Ford 400, to clinch the 2004 NASCAR Nextel Cup championship at Homestead-Miami Speedway.
Bush for verifying Iran #39;s claims US President George W Bush has called for a verification into Iran #39;s claims of having suspended uranium enrichment, and having no nuclear weapons ambitions.
Far EasTone says pickings slim Far EasTone Telecommunications Co () projects earnings to expand mildly next year as the company #39;s planned third-generation (3G) mobile service is not expected to stimulate business 
England beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets BULAWAYO, Zimbabwe (AFP) - England beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets in the third one-day international at the Queens Sports Club to take an unbeatable 3-0 lead in the four-match series.
No. 1 Wake Forest 99, Yale 72 Chris Paul, Eric Williams and Kyle Visser each scored 15 points to lead the Demon Deacons past Yale 99-72 Monday night. Chris Ellis added 14 points for Wake Forest (3-0), which had five players in double figures.
Iran suspends its uranium enrichment programme IRAN yesterday froze sensitive nuclear work, including uranium enrichment, in a move likely to thwart United States efforts to report the Islamic state to the United Nations Security Council for possible sanctions.
Report: Gamecocks to Name Spurrier New Head Coach Tuesday  COLUMBIA, S.C. (Sports Network) - The University of South  Carolina has scheduled a news conference for 1 p.m. EST Tuesday  when it is expected to announce that Steve Spurrier will take  over as the school's new head football coach.
Yukos hits back with legal action against Kremlin The core shareholder group of the Russian oil company Yukos has launched legal proceedings against the Kremlin under the international energy charter and says it will sue the company that wins its main production unit at auction next month, in a last 
Leeson forgotten as the Baring name goes to US The 242-year-old Baring name is to pass into American ownership after it was sold by the Dutch bank ING which rescued it from collapse nearly a decade ago.
Chiefs Lead Pats 10-7 After One Quarter (AP) AP - Trent Green connected with Eddie Kennison on Kansas City's longest pass play of the season and the Chiefs took a 10-7 first-quarter lead over New England on Monday night.
JFK murder game condemned A new computer game which allows players to recreate the assassination of John F Kennedy has been condemned as  quot;despicable quot; by the former US president #39;s family.
Titanic battle over new DVD format It is being billed as the next VHS versus Betamax, the seminal TV technology culture clash that left millions of pieces of domestic equipment obsolete almost as soon as they had been built.
DC-bound Expos choose  #39;Nationals #39; as new moniker With a new name, a new logo and a new generation of baseball fans, the nation #39;s capital now has a new baseball team, the Nationals.
Report: Gamecocks to name Spurrier new head coach Tuesday Columbia, SC (Sports Network) - The University of South Carolina has scheduled a news conference for 1 pm (et) Tuesday when it is expected to announce that Steve Spurrier will take over as the school #39;s new head football coach.
NCAA Game Summary - Yale at Wake Forest The Deacons resume Preseason NIT action on Wednesday with a clash against Providence in the semifinals...Wake Forest leads the all-time series with Yale, 5-1.
Refugees suffer as aid workers are airlifted to safety More than 40 aid workers were dramatically rescued by helicopter yesterday as violence, including aerial bombardments of a town, flared across Sudan #39;s crisis-plagued Darfur region.
BHP Billiton completes A\$2.27b share buyback SYDNEY: Anglo-Australian mining group BHP Billiton Ltd. said it had completed an off-market share buyback worth A\$2.27b (US\$1.77b).
Kennedys game fury THE family of President John F Kennedy yesterday blasted a video game that lets players simulate his assassination. Glasgow-based Traffic Games has released JFK Reloaded to coincide with the 41st anniversary of the murder in Dallas.
Kazaa #39;s Skype offers free calls THE latest version of the controversial Kazaa peer-to-peer file swapping platform has appeared with an integrated Skype voice over IP internet phone application, promising free calls between its users.
Dilithium has 80 of 3G video telephony test market Dilithium Networks announced that NEC has purchased Dilithium Network Analyzer. Dilithium Networks estimates that 80 of 3G Mobile operators, network equipment vendors, and handset manufacturers use Dilithium 
Macca Goes to the Super Bowl Sir Paul McCartney has been named the featured performer at next year #39;s Super Bowl halftime show, to be shown on the Fox network on Feb 6. Janet Jackson #39;s duet with Justin Timberlake caused a ruckus at the show this year, when she bared her breast.
In Opener, Hoyas Are Shut Down The new coach of the Georgetown men #39;s basketball team was greeted with chants of  quot;JT3! quot; as he stepped onto the MCI Center court before the Hoyas #39; season opener against Temple last night.
After 8 Years in Jail, Husband of Bhutto Is Free Asif Ali Zardari, the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, was released Monday on \$16,900 bail on the last of numerous corruption charges that have kept him in prison since 1996.
HP Certifies, Supports Novell Linux Desktop (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - HP says it has certified its complete business line of desktops, workstations and notebooks on Novell's Linux Desktop. It will sell and support the distribution to volume customers.
Three U.N. Hostages in Afghanistan Freed (AP) AP - Three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan have been released unharmed after more than three weeks in captivity, Afghan officials said Tuesday.
Westwood leads Goosen England #39;s Lee Westwood leads South Africa #39;s Retief Goosen by one shot going into the final day of the Nedbank Challenge in Sun City.
Ralph Klein leads Alberta Tories to 10th consecutive majority government (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Alberta's Progressive Conservatives set a new benchmark for electoral success Monday, winning a record 10th consecutive majority government.
Boise State-Nevada Game on ESPN (AP) AP - Kickoff for the regular-season finale between No. 10 Boise State and Nevada has been moved back to 4:45 p.m. PST Saturday to accommodate a national television audience.
Dolphins Protect New Zealand Swimmers from Shark (Reuters) Reuters - A pod of dolphins circled\protectively round a group of New Zealand swimmers to fend off\an attack by a great white shark, media reported on Tuesday.
Iraq Falls Short on Vote Security Iraqi forces will protect polling places during the coming elections, but there are far fewer trained security officers than needed.
Medical Journal Calls for a New Drug Watchdog Medical researchers said the U.S. needs a system independent of the F.D.A. to detect harmful effects of drugs already on the market.
Report: China to Release Jailed Dissident (AP) AP - China plans to release a prominent imprisoned dissident this week, cutting short his sentence in an apparent "conciliatory gesture" by the government of President Hu Jintao, a human rights group said Tuesday.
Peru Wants Intl Court to Take on Fujimori Case (Reuters) Reuters - Peru should call in the\International Court of Justice to rule on its request for the\extradition of former President Alberto Fujimori from Japan,\state attorney Nelly Calderon said on Sunday, expressing\frustration at Japan's failure to act so far.
Important Update for Internet Explorer 6 Microsoft has released an update to resolve a buffer overflow in Internet Explorer 6, which could allow attackers to run arbitrary code and take control of vulnerable systems.
Crude prices cross \$49 per barrel Crude oil futures edged up toward \$50 a barrel today amid renewed fears over winter supplies. Light sweet crude for delivery in January traded at \$49.49 a barrel at midday in Europe, up 60 cents from the contract #39;s 
AA to delay aircraft deliveries Fort Worth, Texas-based, American Airlines says it will defer 54 of 56 Boeing aircraft scheduled for delivery between 2006 and 2010, American said Monday.
AUTO CLUB: SD A POPULAR THANKSGIVING DESTINATION FOR AREA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (11-22-2004) - The San Diego area is expected to be the fifth most-popular destination when an estimated 2.85 million Southern Californians travel this Thanksgiving holiday, the Auto Club reported Monday.
Former AOL Chairman Heads Luxury Travel Firm Steve Case, America Online Inc. #39;s former chairman, bought a majority stake in Exclusive Resorts LLC, a two-year-old luxury travel company, and signed on as the company #39;s chairman.
Snohomish County, Marysville, back out of track plan MARYSVILLE, Wash. -- Plans for a NASCAR race track in Snohomish County crashed and burned Monday, when local leaders advised International Speedway Corp.
Congress Approves NASA budget Sending people to the moon and Mars is no longer just President Bush #39;s vision. It #39;s officially the United States #39; new mission in space.
GoldenEye: Rogue Agent A lackluster FPS that #39;s lacking in almost every category, this Bond is by no means golden. November 22, 2004 - In a fall season slammed with AAA first-person shooters, Electronic Arts #39; move to release GoldenEye 
Boise State-Nevada Game on ESPN RENO, Nev. Nov 22, 2004 - Kickoff for the regular-season finale between No. 10 Boise State and Nevada has been moved back to 4:45 pm PST Saturday to accommodate a national television audience.
Aid workers evacuated as violence flares in Darfur; at least 17 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Fighting near a village in Sudan #39;s crisis-plagued Darfur region killed at least 17 people Monday, while helicopters rescued dozens of workers who fled into the bush to escape.
UN Workers Freed in Afghanistan - Govt Officials Three foreign UN workers held in Afghanistan since Oct. 28 were freed on Tuesday, government officials said.  quot;They were released a while back this morning, quot; said a government official, who 
Georgia Tech Escapes Illinois-Chicago (AP) AP - Luke Schenscher made a pair of free throws with 25.9 seconds left, B.J. Elder made three 3-pointers in the final nine minutes and No. 3 Georgia Tech survived a scare from Illinois-Chicago with a 60-59 victory Monday night.
Hungary to send troops to Iraq next summer: defence minister (AFP) AFP - Hungary plans to send troops to Iraq next summer under a NATO training mandate, Defence Minister Ferenc Juhasz said, a week after parliament voted to pull its contingent out by the year's end.
Mavericks' Nowitzki Sidelined with Ankle Injury  DALLAS (Sports Network) - Dallas Mavericks All-Star forward  Dirk Nowitzki is expected to be sidelined 7-to-10 days after an  MRI exam Monday revealed a mild left ankle sprain.
Holtz Goes; Brawlers Won't Play On in Bowls South Carolina and Clemson said they would decline postseason bowl bids because of their brawl Saturday, and that means Lou Holtz has coached his final game.
UN welcomes Burma prison releases The UN welcomes plans by the military government to free some 4,000 prisoners, including political detainees.
Bush Praises Colombia's Battle Vs. Drugs Under a security web of warplanes, ships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep U.S. aid flowing so "this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists."
A timeline of McDonald #39;s CEOs _December 2002: Jack M. Greenberg retires after four years as chairman and CEO as the company struggles to emerge from a deep, two-year slump.
CA taps IBM executive to be CEO This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
China Rules Out Terrorism in Plane Crash Investigators in China have ruled out terrorism in the crash of a passenger plane Sunday that claimed the lives of 54 people. State media said Monday that investigators sent from Beijing hadn #39;t determined 
Citing Cancer, Chief Resigns at McDonald #39;s The McDonald #39;s Corporation, the world #39;s largest restaurant chain, announced yesterday that Charles H. Bell was resigning as chief executive to focus on his battle with cancer, and 
Hard Times at Krispy Kreme It was a bad day yesterday for the doughnut maker Krispy Kreme, a Wall Street darling just a year ago. Reporting its third-quarter earnings, the company, based in Winston-Salem, NC, said 
CNN Chooses Ex-CBS Official as Its US Chief CNN announced another change in its top management yesterday, appointing Jonathan Klein, who used to be the No. 2 executive at CBS News, as president of the company #39;s domestic network.
FAO Schwarz to Reopen; Timing Is No Coincidence For 10 months, the windows at FAO Schwarz, the once-fabled toy store and tourist attraction on Fifth Avenue, have been shrouded in paper, disappointing out-of-town visitors, intriguing retail 
New video game recreates JFK assassination, angers Quad-Citians Forty-one years ago today, President John F. Kennedy was gunned down during a motorcade in Dallas, Texas. Now, a British video game company recreates one of the darkest moments in recent US political history.
Mystifying Image Of Virgin Mary On Grilled Cheese Sandwich Sold To &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ST. JOHNS, Antigua, Nov. 22 /PRNewswire/ -- In a perfect example of Americana pop culture phenomenon, a grilled cheese sandwich that bears the image of the Virgin Mary has been sold on eBay to Internet casino GoldenPalace.
Grizzlies 93, Spurs 90 Bonzi Wells had 26 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer with less than a minute left, to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 93-90 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Monday night.
45 aid workers rescued from Darfur An African Union helicopter rescued 45 aid workers, 30 from the Save the Children organization, amid renewed fighting in Sudan #39;s Darfur region Monday.
McDonald's Bell Steps Down Due to Cancer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. said on Monday  that Charlie Bell, its 44-year-old president and chief  executive, had stepped down to focus on battling cancer just  seven months after assuming the top post at the world's largest  fast-food company.
Dollar Wins Respite  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar rallied against the  euro, Japanese yen and most other currencies on Tuesday, with a  public holiday in Japan and the excessive positions in the  market giving it some respite from the recent heavy selling.
Citing Cancer, Chief Resigns at McDonald's McDonald's announced that Charles H. Bell was resigning as chief to focus on his battle with cancer, and will be succeeded by James Skinner, the vice chairman.
CNN Chooses Ex-CBS Official as Its U.S. Chief CNN appointed Jonathan Klein, who used to be the No..2 executive at CBS News, as president of its domestic network.
Software Firm to Name New Chief Executive Computer Associates International is expected to announce that its new chief executive will be John Swainson, an I.B.M. executive with strong technical and sales credentials.
Panel Chief Denies Knowing About Item on Inspecting Tax Returns The chairman of the appropriations subcommittee with jurisdiction over the I.R.S. budget said the measure had been inserted without his knowledge.
Gold Hits 16-Year High; Asian Shares Gain (Reuters) Reuters - Gold hit its highest level in more\than 16 years on Tuesday as a steadier dollar failed to cool\worries over the currency's outlook, while Asian stocks gained\modestly after a solid performance on Wall Street.
McDonald's Bell Steps Down Due to Cancer (Reuters) Reuters - McDonald's Corp. said on Monday\that Charlie Bell, its 44-year-old president and chief\executive, had stepped down to focus on battling cancer just\seven months after assuming the top post at the world's largest\fast-food company.
Oil Dips, Watches Heating Stocks, Weather (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices slipped on Tuesday but\remained well above  #36;48 a barrel as dealers weighed up whether\a thin cushion of heating fuel in the United States would be\sufficient to meet winter demand.
Wal-Mart Will Allow Unions in China (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's\biggest retailer, gave ground to Chinese pressure Tuesday and\said it would allow its workers to set up a trade union.
Valuations Seen Intact For Oracle, PeopleSoft S amp;P Equity Research maintained ratings for PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) and Oracle (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ). On Saturday, 61 of PeopleSoft shareholders tendered their stock in favor of Oracle #39;s offer of \$24 a share for the company.
HSBC to bid on Korea bank- report HSBC Holdings PLC is in seeking to gain controlling interest in Korea First Bank, according to a published report. Free! Sign up here to receive our Midday Market Report e-Newsletter!
Counterfeit goods cost city over \$1 billion The Big Apples counterfeit-goods industry cost the city \$1.03 billion in lost tax revenue last year, says Comptroller Bill Thompson in a new report.
eBay bidding ends at \$28,000 for 10-year-old sandwich with image HOLLYWOOD, Fla. Half of a ten-year-old grilled cheese sandwich said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary has sold on eBay for 28-thousand dollars.
Kazaa #39;s Latest Version Enables Free Internet Voice Calls The pathway to greater success may not be through the computers of song-swappers, though undoubtedly they will use the technology.
Gamecocks, Tigers Say  quot;No quot; To Bowl Bids COLUMBIA, SC -- Clemson and South Carolina will not accept bowl bids, punishment for a brawl between players toward the end of Saturday #39;s game, the schools announced Monday.
Timberwolves 83, Mavericks 82 Kevin Garnett made two free throws with 5.9 seconds left then Trenton Hassell blocked Jerry Stackhouse #39;s long jumper at the buzzer, giving the Minnesota Timberwolves an 83-82 victory over Dallas on Monday night in the Mavericks #39; first of several games 
Ind-SA Test: Day 4 play resumes after delay Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag are back on the pitch on the fourth day of the first Test between India and South Africa in Kanpur #39;s Green Park stadium.
No. 3 Georgia Tech 60, Illinois-Chicago 59 Will Bynum might have had to find his own way home if No. 3 Georgia Tech had let this one get away. Luke Schenscher made a pair of free throws with 25.9 seconds left, BJ Elder made three 3-pointers 
USC, Oklahoma in Control of BCS Spots (AP) AP - Southern California vs. Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl appears to be three victories away  #151; two by USC and one by the Sooners.
Running Back Becomes Holistic Student (AP) AP - Retired running back Ricky Williams has turned up in an unlikely spot  #151; at a Northern California school for holistic medicine.
IAEA moves to verify Iran #39;s nuclear suspension The International Atomic Energy Agency has started to supervise Iran #39;s suspension of the issue of Uranium nuclear enrichment program, but says it will be days before the agency can confirm that the Tehran has fully complied.
Triumph of justice: Benazir ISLAMABAD, Nov 22: Former prime minister and chairperson of the Pakistan People #39;s Party (PPP) Benazir Bhutto has hailed the Supreme Court verdict granting bail to her husband Asif Ali Zardari as a  #39;triumph of justice #39;.
Bush renews support for Colombia in fighting drug, terrorism US President George W. Bush on Monday reofferred the backup for Colombian President Alvaro Uribe in his war against drug production and rebels nationwide.
China's central bank tells US not to blame others for economic woes (AFP) AFP - A senior Chinese central bank official has warned the United States not to blame other countries for its own economic difficulties, a report said.
Popularity of IPod Drives Up Apple Stock (AP) AP - Apple Computer Inc. stock jumped to a four-year high Monday after a major Wall Street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its iPod music player is creating "wildfire word-of-mouth marketing" for its Mac computers and other products.
Three foreign UN hostages released in Afghanistan: police (AFP) AFP - Three foreign United Nations workers kidnapped and held hostage in Afghanistan for three weeks were released, police and officials told AFP.
Gold Hits 16-Year High; Asian Shares Gain  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Gold hit its highest level in more  than 16 years on Tuesday as a steadier dollar failed to cool  worries over the currency's outlook, while Asian stocks gained  modestly after a solid performance on Wall Street.
Wal-Mart Will Allow Unions in China  BEIJING (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's  biggest retailer, gave ground to Chinese pressure Tuesday and  said it would allow its workers to set up a trade union.
Congress Votes to Extend Ban on Internet Access Taxes Congress last week passed legislation that extends by three years the prohibition of states and localities from imposing  quot;discriminatory quot; taxes on electronic commerce, and the ban on Internet access taxes.
JFK: Reloaded JFKReloaded.com recreates the last few moments of the President #39;s life and challenges participants to help disprove any conspiracy theory by recreating the three shots that Lee Harvey Oswald made from the infamous sixth floor of the Dallas book depository 
Spurs coach admits concerns after Villa defeat Nobby Solano struck a spectacular winner for Villa, but Spurs boss Martin Jol insisted:  quot;I think we are in for a good spell soon.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson to coach 1,000th match &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s 1,000th match as manager of Manchester United could be especially memorable with the Red Devils needing just a point against Lyon on Tuesday to reach the second phase of the Champions League.
Woods wins Dunlop Phoenix going away MIYAZAKI, Japan (Ticker) - Tiger Woods needed nine months but is back in the winner #39;s circle. Woods used a final-round 3-under-par 67 Sunday to post an emphatic eight-stroke victory at the Dunlop Phoenix.
NBA Wrap: Garnett Leads Timberwolves' Rally (Reuters) Reuters - Kevin Garnett just missed out on a\triple-double with 21 points, 17 rebounds and nine assists to\lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a gritty 83-82 road win over\the Dallas Mavericks on Monday.
Bush APEC visit not glitch-free SANTIAGO, Nov 21 (AFP) - During his first visit to Chile, US President George W. Bush rescued a bodyguard scuffling with local security and -- with a slip of the tongue -- moved Iraq #39;s newly announced elections from January to June.
Non-flasher (we hope) McCartney set for Super Bowl Stung by last year #39;s Janet Jackson-Justin Timberlake nipple-baring, the folks behind the next Super Bowl halftime show scoured the earth for the least-offensive performer known to man.
Lyon Star #39;s Domestic Priority Lyon playmaker Juninho would prefer three points from Saturdays French League clash with Auxerre to victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford tonight.
Kumble, Bhajji slam Kanpur pitch Kanpur: After Murali Kartik on Sunday, it was the turn of two senior India spinners to criticise the Green Park wicket. South Africa put up a huge 510 for 9 declared in the first innings and India - led 
Tech Spending Looks Up in Asia, E.Europe  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Spending in Eastern Europe and Asia  is expected to lead a recovery in the global technology market  over the next three years, according to an industry report  released Tuesday.
Boeing, EADS Likely to Make Tanker Bids The Pentagon will hold a competition to replace its aging fleet of refueling tankers, potentially pitting aerospace giant Boeing Co.
More Visas For Foreign Workers Congress is letting employers hire 20,000 more foreign high-tech workers under a special visa program after businesses reached the annual ceiling on the first day of the government #39;s fiscal year.
Bell rivals say new rules may cost business customers \$130B American businesses would face \$105 billion in higher telephone bills during the next 10 years if the Federal Communications Commission deregulates access to the high-capacity loops that serve business customers.
Stern seeks solution NEW YORK - David Stern would not want to be in charge of a league that needs barriers to separate fans from players. Nor would he follow the lead of European soccer and order games to be played in empty arenas.
Fergie Admits European Fascination On the eve of his historic 1,000th match as manager of Manchester United, Sir Alex Ferguson talked of his European desires.  quot;A European game is probably the perfect tie.
Stoudemire scoring big at center for Suns The only centers to lead the NBA in scoring in the last 28 seasons are Shaquille O #39;Neal and David Robinson, but the way Phoenix #39;s Amare Stoudemire has been pouring in the points, he could very well be the third.
Iraq seeks tighter borders SHARM EL SHEIKH, Egypt -- Iraqi officials rejected Arab criticism of US actions in their country, as an international conference on Iraq #39;s future opened Monday.
NBA Wrap: Garnett Leads Timberwolves' Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kevin Garnett just missed out on a  triple-double with 21 points, 17 rebounds and nine assists to  lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a gritty 83-82 road win over  the Dallas Mavericks on Monday.
McDonald #39;s Bell Steps Down Due to Cancer McDonald #39;s Corp. said on Monday that Charlie Bell, its 44-year-old president and chief executive, had stepped down to focus on battling cancer just seven months after 
CA to Choose IBM Vet as CEO Looking to regain its footing, Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) will reportedly tap IBM (Quote, Chart) veteran John Swainson as CEO.
At CNN/US, Another Quick Change of Suits CNN #39;s US operation has a new boss for the second time in just 14 months. This time it #39;s Jonathan Klein -- former CBS News suit and, more recently, founder and CEO of high-speed Internet news network and video streamer FeedRoom.
Broker watchdog permanently bars Quattrone WASHINGTON - Brokerage regulators permanently barred Frank Quattrone from working in the securities industry in any capacity on Monday, saying he displayed  quot;egregious quot; conduct by refusing to testify in an agency investigation into his role in possible 
Krispy Kreme in new sticky mess Shares in Krispy Kreme Doughnuts have plummeted by almost 20 after the firm announced a quarterly loss of \$3m due to store closures and poor sales.
Hershey Foods to buy macadamia processor HERSHEY, Pa. Hershey Foods is buying the company that makes Manua Loa Macadamia Nuts, a move designed to boost its snack offerings.
JFK Internet Game Assailed JFK Reloaded, after all, is an online game that deals with the John F. Kennedy assassination and was made available yesterday -- the 41st anniversary of the president #39;s death.
 #39;Virgin Mary #39; sandwich back on eBay A 10-YEAR-OLD grilled cheese sandwich that a Florida woman says bears the image of the Virgin Mary was back on eBay on Tuesday after the Internet auction house initially cancelled bids that went up to US\$22,000 (\$36,500).
NASA to cut 100 shuttle-related positions NASA is preparing to eliminate 100 contractor processing jobs at Kennedy Space Center starting Dec. 1 under a 2005 operating plan approved by the shuttle program #39;s manager last week.
Paul McCartney To Perform At Super Bowl 22.2004. Ex-Beatle and Sir Paul McCartney is set to perform as the featured halftime act at the Super Bowl on Feb. 6. McCartney is following in the footsteps of Janet Jackson, whose wardrobe 
Police launch Yorke investigation Lancashire police have opened a criminal investigation into allegations that Birmingham #39;s Dwight Yorke suffered racial abuse during Sunday #39;s 3-3 Premiership draw away to Blackburn Rovers.
LE GUEN AIMING FOR DRAW Lyon coach Paul le Guen has admitted his side would be happy with a draw at Old Trafford on Tuesday night. The three-times French champions have assured themselves of qualification for the Champions League 
Holtz bids farewell as Spurrier waits in wings COLUMBIA, SC ---- As South Carolina coach Lou Holtz left the game he #39;s cherished for 33 seasons, he couldn #39;t resist poor-mouthing himself one last time.
Hornets Top Jazz for First Win of Season Utah Jazz forward Andrei Kirilenko (47) of Russia deflects the shot of New Orleans Hornets forward PJ Brown (42) from behind during the first quarter Monday, Nov. 22, 2004, in Salt Lake City.
Washington Nationals, that #39;s the name City and team officials announced at a Monday press conference at the Main Hall in Union Station that Washington, DC #39;s baseball team would be named the Nationals.
NBA Game Summary - Chicago at Phoenix Joe Johnson registered 11 points for the Suns, who posted a season-low 12 points in the third quarter...Tyson Chandler finished with 10 points and nine boards for the Bulls, who fell to 0-6 on the road this season...Casey Jacobsen and Leandro Barbosa 
National Basketball Association Game Capsules Memphis, TN -- Bonzi Wells scored a season-high 26 points, hitting the go-ahead three-pointer with under a minute to play, leading the Memphis Grizzlies to a 93-90 win over the San Antonio Spurs at FedEx Forum.
Zardari may lead pro-democracy rallies ISLAMABAD: After the historical Supreme Court verdict to free Zardari on bail, PPP stalwarts have stepped-up efforts to persuade the spouse of ex-premier Benazir Bhutto to lead anti-government rallies slated to begin from Peshawar on December 6, under the 
Fresh row threatens top EU body A fresh row is threatening to mar the first day in office of the new European Commission on Monday. France #39;s commissioner Jacques Barrot is under fire for failing to disclose a previous conviction for embezzlement.
Attempt to Block Rule On Overtime Thwarted An attempt to block the Bush administration's proposed changes in overtime rules was killed before the 2005 spending bill received final congressional approval over the weekend.
Radio One Says Joyner Deal Aids Urban Market Strategy Radio One Inc.'s chief executive said Monday his \$56 million acquisition of popular radio personality Tom Joyner's morning show will help stave off the threat of Internet and satellite radio in the urban radio market.
A Cash Crop, a Better Life Rubber now dominates farming and ties this settlement of 216 people to China's industrial boom.
Boeing, EADS Likely to Make Tanker Bids The Pentagon will hold a competition to replace its aging fleet of refueling tankers, potentially pitting aerospace giant Boeing Co. against its European rival in a multibillion-dollar military competition.
NASD Bars Ex-Banker Quattrone For Life Securities industry regulators barred former investment banker Frank P. Quattrone Monday from ever working in the securities industry again.
Md. Land Sell-Off Proposals Resisted Key lawmakers will try to amend the state constitution to curtail the governor's ability to sell off state-owned properties -- especially land bought in the name of preservation.
NBA on eBay In the wake of the NBA's big basketbrawl, the Internet served its predictable role, offering up...
Swiss Mine Company Steps Up Efforts to Buy in Australia The Swiss mining company Xstrata began a hostile \$5.8 billion bid for the Australian mining company WMC Resources yesterday, in what analysts said could turn into an international bidding war 
Crude oil prices fall on slower economic growth forecasts Crude oil futures fell slightly Monday as traders speculated that slower economic growth next year might ease global oil demand. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude 
McDonald #39;s CEO Charlie Bell resigns SAN FRANCSICO (CBS.MW) -- McDonald #39;s Corp. said late Monday that President and Chief Executive Officer Charlie Bell, who has been battling cancer, has stepped down effective immediately.
Trump #39;s Casino Business Files for Bankruptcy The casino empire of Donald J. Trump has filed for bankruptcy protection after months of negotiations with bondholders over restructuring a crushing debt.
A Decline in Oil Prices Spurs a Late Rally in Share Prices A drop in oil prices spurred an afternoon stock rally yesterday, bringing investors back into the market despite lingering concerns over the strength of the dollar and the nation #39;s trade deficit.
Quattrone Barred for Life From Securities Frank P. Quattrone, the former star investment banker who was found guilty of obstruction of justice, has been barred from the securities industry for life by regulators who contend 
Mylan Laboratories Rejects Icahn #39;s \$4.9 Billion Buyout Bid The board of Mylan Laboratories rebuffed the financier Carl C. Icahn #39;s bid to buy the company yesterday, saying it remained committed to acquiring the brand-name drug maker King Pharmaceuticals.
Many Women Say Airport Pat-Downs Are a Humiliation Ata security checkpoint recently at the Fort Lauderdale airport, Patti LuPone, the singer and actress, recalled, she was instructed to remove articles of clothing.
Nintendo's innards Wondering what your shiny new Nintendo DS looks like on the inside? Lik Sang saves you the trouble--and voided warranty--with a new online...
Surf's up Sick of all the analogies of surfing the Web to actual surfing? Well, here's a literal one for...
Dania Beach woman #39;s holy sandwich sells for \$28,000 The grilled cheese sandwich that launched a thousand or more eBay hits was sold to the highest bidder Monday for \$28,000. The sandwich, said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary, was first offered up for sale 
Broadcom LAN Boosts Wi-Fi Range Broadcom has rolled out a line of local area network (LAN) chipsets it says can boost the range of existing Wi-Fi networks by as much as 50 percent.
GoldenEye: Rogue Agent Ships The focus of this action-packed game shifts from that of 007 himself to the corrupt underworld and its criminal masterminds. Players wreak havoc as they make their unrelenting rise through the ranks of villainy.
Unleash the Warrior November 22, 2004 - By now, you should already know that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within is going to reveal a more serious, a more aggressive main character that kicks 50 more ass than he did in the previous game.
Baseball adopts Nationals name The Expos were rechristened the Washington Nationals yesterday with a few glitches and a tussle - but just in time for the Christmas shopping season.
Dillon, Patriots too much for Chiefs CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Corey Dillon rushed for a pair of touchdowns as the visiting New England Patriots clipped the Kansas City Chiefs 27-19 before a crowd of 78,431 at Arrowhead Stadium on Monday.
NBA Wrap: Garnett Leads Timberwolves #39; Rally Kevin Garnett just missed out on a triple-double with 21 points, 17 rebounds and nine assists to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a gritty 83-82 road win over the Dallas Mavericks on Monday.
Hoyas Report Temple junior guard Mardy Collins, a preseason All-Atlantic 10 selection, clearly was the best player on the floor. Whenever Georgetown attempted to challenge the Owls #39; lead, Collins silenced the Hoyas #39; run with a shot from the outside.
Davis #39; days could be numbered with Browns One more loss with the Browns and Butch Davis could be going back to college. Cleveland #39;s embattled coach might be running out of time to keep his NFL job, which has been slipping away with every defeat.
Unlocking the chip's inner Hemingway Can computers get along fine without writers? Word is they just might. In an essay in the New York Times...
Arafat kin blames Israel Armed with Yasser Arafat #39;s weighty medical dossier, his nephew blamed Israel for the Palestinian leader #39;s death and refused yesterday to squelch rumors of poisoning -ven though 
Fighting Erupts in West Sudan Despite Accord Less than two weeks after the Sudanese government and rebels reached a partial agreement aimed at ending the conflict in Darfur, two clashes in that western Sudan 
Cities versus cities The traditional competition for U.S. offshore outsourcing business was between nations. That's about to change, according to a new study.
The next evolution of offshore outsourcing New venture in India raises questions about the evolution of offshore outsourcing.
Dillon, Brady Lead Patriots to 24th Win in 25 Games (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Dillon ran for a pair of\touchdowns and Tom Brady threw for 315 yards as the New England\Patriots registered a 27-19 win over the Chiefs in the Monday\night game in Kansas City.
Dillon, Brady Lead Patriots to 24th Win in 25 Games  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Dillon ran for a pair of  touchdowns and Tom Brady threw for 315 yards as the New England  Patriots registered a 27-19 win over the Chiefs in the Monday  night game in Kansas City.
Three U.N. Hostages Freed in Afghanistan  KABUL (Reuters) - Three foreign U.N. workers held hostage  in Afghanistan were freed unharmed Tuesday, almost four weeks  after they were abducted at gunpoint on the streets of the  capital Kabul, the United Nations said.
Second Sunni Cleric Gunned Down in Iraq  BAQUBA, Iraq (Reuters) - Gunmen killed a Sunni Muslim  cleric in the city of Miqdadiya Tuesday, the second such  killing in Iraq in as many days, witnesses and hospital  officials said.
HK probes Falun Gong 'hacking' Hong Kong investigates after TV programmes beamed into China are allegedly hacked into by Falun Gong.
Q A: Worthington Industries CIO Jonathan Dove on ERP upgrade Worthington Industries CIO Jonathan Dove tells Computerworld that he sees the role of the CIO changing.
Search Engine Disclosure: Better, but Still Wanting How forthcoming are search engines in disclosing their paid placement and paid inclusion policies?  They're better than they were a couple of years ago, but there's still room for improvement, according to a prominent watchdog group.
Xstrata to go hostile in 3bn bid for Australian rival WMC XSTRATA saw its shares fall 1.4 per cent yesterday after the London-listed miner said it was taking its A\$7.4 billion (3.12bn) offer for Australias WMC Resources hostile, following a rebuff from the WMC board last month.
You #39;re bankrupt! NEWARK, NJ - Patrons of Donald Trump #39;s gambling halls probably won #39;t notice, but his casino empire is now in bankruptcy after months of negotiations with bondholders over a crushing \$1.8 billion debt.
IBM exec to be CA chief: report TROUBLED business software company Computer Associates has reportedly selected long-time IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive.
CNN Hires New President for Its US News Group CNN News Group on Monday said it has tapped an online media CEO and news veteran as its new president overseeing US news, just a little over a year after hiring a former local TV newsman to run its domestic operations.
Buckle up for holidays A traveler bound for a Thanksgiving feast at Aunt Louise #39;s house upstate can go online for directions or receive one-on-one attention, and a highlighted map, from Kristin Johnson and Liz Singleton.
Citigroup unit sold for \$4.4B Citigroup said Monday it agreed to sell its truck-financing business to GE Commercial Finance for \$4.4 billion, concluding a recent spate of divestitures in its leasing operations.
Infotech and the Law: Druyun fallout will be felt long and hard The federal government has long imposed unique ethical responsibilities on its contractors. Following the defense procurement scandals of the 1980s such as Operation Ill Wind, Congress considerably increased 
Game on JFKs Killing Blasted For Insensitivity People find weird ways of raising controversies. And most of the time it is aimed to get cheap and free publicity from the media. Same concept has been used by the Scotland-based Traffic Games, which developed a game on John F Kennedy named JFK Reloaded.
Clark: Weekend fights prove need for division of sports fans &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For some reason, noon just comes way too early, and making it to campus is a struggle. I thought one of my professors was going to be a stickler about it and dock me some points, but I had a talk with him to calm him down.
DC #39;s Team Will Be the Nationals Major League Baseball #39;s Washington, DC franchise finally got a name Monday, nearly two months after the team relocated from Montreal.
Trotter, defense step up Jeremiah Trotter got his revenge Sunday, leading an Eagles defense that pounded the Redskins - the team that released Trotter this summer.
Three UN workers taken hostage in Kabul are freed They were released a while back this morning, said a government official, who did not want to be identified, adding that he had no more details.
Gold Hits 16-Year High; Asian Shares Gain  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Gold hit its highest level in more  than 16 years Tuesday as a steadier dollar failed to cool  worries over the currency's outlook, while Asian stocks gained  after a solid performance on Wall Street.
Hartford tackles image as nation #39;s seventh-most dangerous city Hartford officials are pointing to steadily decreasing crime statistics and an overhauled police department in an attempt to discredit a national survey ranking Hartford the country #39;s seventh-dangerous city.
AIRLINES GIVE TIPS FOR TRAVEL SEASON Tyler airlines are gearing up for the beginning of holiday travel, as officials offer tips to help travelers secure tickets and pass through checkpoints with ease.
N.Korea Criticism Reports Don't Mean Kim Weaker Yet (Reuters) Reuters - Anecdotal evidence of public criticism of
NBA Game Summary - New Orleans at Utah Salt Lake City, UT (Sports Network) - Lee Nailon finished with 16 points, hitting a pair of free throws to put the Hornets ahead with 1:42 remaining, lifting New Orleans to its first win of the season, 76-75, over the Utah Jazz at the Delta Center.
No deal with govt: Zardari Islamabad: Asif Ali Zardari, husband of former Premier Benazir Bhutto, has said that his release from jail after eight years was not part of any deal with the government, even as he vowed to continue his struggle against the  quot;undemocratic set-up quot; in the 
Bush wants more US aid for Colombia drug fight President Bush said Monday he will lobby Congress next year to renew US anti-narcotics funding for this South American country amid concern in Washington about the federal budget deficit.
Three UN Hostages Freed in Afghanistan Three foreign UN workers held hostage in Afghanistan were freed unharmed Tuesday, almost four weeks after they were abducted at gunpoint on the streets of the capital Kabul, the United Nations said.
Melee in Chile seen as  #39;big deal #39; White House officials were still shaking their heads in disbelief yesterday that President Bush personally had to rescue a US Secret Service agent from angry Chilean security officials Saturday night.
Pakistan to Sell Islamic Bonds by January, Aziz Says (Update2) Pakistan plans to sell its first Islamic bonds by January as it seeks to tap rising demand for securities that conform to Muslim law, Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said in an interview.
Timberwolves Edge Mavericks 83-82 (AP) AP - Kevin Garnett made two free throws with 5.9 seconds left then Trenton Hassell blocked Jerry Stackhouse's long jumper at the buzzer, giving the Minnesota Timberwolves an 83-82 victory over Dallas on Monday night in the Mavericks' first of several games without Dirk Nowitzki.
INTERVIEW: New Star To Expand To Taiwan,Singapore In  #39;05 HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong-based New Star International Investment Products (Asia) Ltd. is all set to expand its operations to Taiwan and Singapore next 
Other Voices: Detroit exposes fragile NBA If the global marketing miracle known as the NBA has finally come to face the fragile rapport it has with its core audience at home in the United States, let it be said that the Palace of 
Federer crushes Hewitt and sets new record FULLSTRETCH: Roger Federer of Switzerland returns a shot in the first set against Lleyton Hewitt in their Tennis Masters Cup finals match on Sunday.
GAMBHIR MISSES OUT India crawled to 235 for one at lunch as the first Test against South Africa in Kanpur headed towards a draw on the fourth day today.
Three Hostages Freed In Kabul Afghan officials say three United Nations workers kidnapped on Oct. 28th in Kabul were freed late Monday in Kabul. The hostages were released late Monday and are in good condition, three Afghan officials 
London  #39;terror plots #39; thwarted PLANS by al-Qaeda terrorists to crash aircraft into Canary Wharf and at Heathrow have been thwarted by the security services, it was claimed last night.
Report: SEC, Time Warner Near Settlement  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Time Warner Inc. is close to a deal  with U.S. regulators in which the world's largest media group  would pay about \$750 million to settle allegations of  accounting irregularities at its America Online division, The  Washington Post reported on Tuesday.
Dollar Gets a Rest on BOJ Worry, Holidays  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar rallied against the  euro, Japanese yen and most other currencies on Tuesday,  although traders suggested the rise was a brief let-up in a  longer-term decline in the value of the currency.
New Tools to Help Patients Reclaim Damaged Senses An astonishing new technology allows one set of sensory information to substitute for another in the brain.
Oracle at Impasse With PeopleSoft Oracle said that it was at an impasse with PeopleSoft Inc., signaling that the two software makers will wage a proxy battle.
McDonald #39;s CEO leaves to fight cancer The chief executive of McDonald #39;s, Charlie Bell, has stepped down to focus on battling cancer just seven months after assuming the top post at the world #39;s largest fast food company.
CNN/US names new president In a move that appears aimed at energizing CNN #39;s prime-time lineup, the cable news outlet announced yesterday that Jonathan Klein, a former executive vice 
American cuts back Boeing orders American Airlines has delayed the deliveries of 54 Boeing Co. planes to save \$2.7 billion over the next six years. The agreement with Boeing lets AMR, which has lost \$6.9 billion since the end of 2000, delay 
Quarter earnings drop 79 CHARLOTTE, NC - Shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. #39;s fell sharply Monday as a 79 percent plunge in third-quarter earnings and an intensifying accounting investigation overshadowed the pastrymaker #39;s statement that the low-carb craze might be easing.
Virgin Blue Asks Australia to Review Costs Cut-price carrier Virgin Blue said Tuesday the cost of using Australian airports is spiraling upward and asked the government to review the deregulated system of charges.
Pentagon: any new tanker deal would be opened to competitive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Any new plan to replace Air Force tankers will include re-opening bids to companies besides Boeing, according to US Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz.
Second Sunni Cleric Gunned Down in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen killed a Sunni Muslim\cleric in the city of Miqdadiya Tuesday, the second such\killing in Iraq in as many days, witnesses and hospital\officials said.
Largest UK Electronics Seller Cuts VHS The death of the VHS video recorder came a step closer yesterday when the UK #39;s largest electronics chain said it would stop selling them.
Editorial: Basketbrawl Friday night #39;s basketbrawl in Detroit was a shameful chapter in sports history but also a conflagration of many of modern society #39;s common ailments -- hair-trigger tempers, misplaced hostility, me-firstism, emotional immaturity, incivility, lack of self 
Sehwag century lifts India towards safety Opener Virender Sehwag hit his eighth test century with an unbeaten 108 to guide India to 235 for one in their first innings at lunch on day four of the first test against South Africa on Tuesday.
Europe ; New EU commission takes office after delay with ambitious &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A French amnesty law forbids media from reporting the details of the legal procedure that Barrot faced. Barrots resignation was also demanded by Britains anti-EU UK Independence Party (UKIP), which provoked 
Prince denies leaked note #39;s elitist doctrine LONDON -- Prince Charles tried to put the record straight yesterday about his views on education in a speech that only a handful of Church of England bishops were allowed to hear.
Three foreign UN hostages released in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - Three United Nations hostages have been freed after almost four weeks in captivity in Afghanistan, with kidnappers claiming that Taliban prisoners were due to be released in exchange.
Report: Foreign-Born Population Tops 34M (AP) AP - More than 34 million U.S. residents were born outside the United States, with arrivals from Mexico driving much of the growth in the foreign-born population since 2000, a private research group says.
McDonald #39;s Skinner Replaces Bell as CEO, Faces Test in Europe McDonald #39;s Corp. new Chief Executive James Skinner, the company #39;s third leader in seven months, will continue the strategy of trying to boost sales in Europe after yesterday replacing Charles Bell, who is suffering from cancer.
CA reportedly set to name new chief LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Computer Associates, the beleaguered maker of corporate software, will tap a longtime IBM executive as its new chief, according to a published report Monday.
KRISPY KREME HAS GONE OUT OF KONTROL Carb-conscious Americans continued to flatten Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, as the onetime Wall Street darling yesterday posted a loss of \$3 million in the third quarter.
Two Harvard fund managers earn more than \$25 mln Two top portfolio managers at Harvard Management Company each earned more than \$25 million in fiscal 2004 for having delivered one of the best returns among all university endowments in the country.
NASA moves ahead on Bush #39;s plan to return to moon, Mars With a green light from Congress, NASA is moving swiftly to carry out President Bush #39;s ambitious plan to return robots and humans to the moon and eventually to Mars.
Broadcom #39;s 54g Chipsets Boost Wi-Fi Coverage Wi-Fi users can now enjoy high-speed wireless connections at distances up to 50 greater than existing solutions, thanks to two new 54g wireless LAN chipsets, introduced by Broadcom Corporation.
Next generation of DVDs on track to replace today #39;s version Discs offering high-definition images using blue lasers likely will rule the market starting in 2005. By Jonathan Sidener. A pessimist might say that right about the time the last person on the planet buys 
BRADY AND PATS DOWN CHIEFS Tom Brady threw for 315 yards and a touchdown pass as the New England Patriots defeated the Kansas City Chiefs 27-19. Brady did not turn the ball over all night and frustrated the Chiefs on third down.
NBA: Minnesota 83, Dallas 82 Kevin Garnett made two free throws with five seconds remaining Monday to give the Minnesota Timberwolves an 83-82 victory over the Dallas Mavericks.
Mideast Summit Switches Focus to Iraq World leaders meeting in Egypt focused on Israel, the Palestinians and what is seen as a chance to jump start the stalled peace process today, with plans to shift the focus to another Mideast hotspot - Iraq -ater in the day.
GOP squandering power Flush from their victories in this month #39;s elections, President Bush and Republicans in Congress must now show that they #39;re capable of governing.
Dollar Gets a Rest on BOJ Worry, Holidays (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. dollar rallied against the\euro, Japanese yen and most other currencies on Tuesday,\although traders suggested the rise was a brief let-up in a\longer-term decline in the value of the currency.
Border closures disrupt Palestinian economy: World Bank (AFP) AFP - The Palestinian economy remained mired in deep recession in the four years since the Intifada began in September 2000, in part because of frequent closures at the Israeli border, a new World Bank report said.
Bleidt investors tell of promises, shock On April 18, 1983, Bradford C. Bleidt knelt down inside a meeting hall in the Masonic lodge in Lynn, placed his hands on a Bible, and took a solemn oath not to ''cheat, wrong, nor defraud quot; fellow Masons, as he was inducted into the fraternal organization.
Battling biotechs Why can't they just get along? David Platt, the scientist and controversy-magnet who runs Pro Pharmaceuticals Inc. of Newton, doesn't see eye to eye with his old employer, GlycoGenesys Inc. of Boston, on just about any subject. Certainly not chemistry or patents.
Looking for Mr. Goodwrench Rob Chermesino's college-educated friends went into finance and sales. His fiance is a meeting planner. Chermesino picked up a wrench.
Harvard pays 2 top money managers \$25m Harvard University's endowment paid its two top investment managers about \$25 million each last year, less than the pair earned a year ago, but still enough to irritate critics who consider the compensation excessive.
Menino plans to add job training programs The City of Boston said yesterday that it will rely on \$1 million in linkage funds to finance more job training programs for low- and middle-income men, and weekend training for workers -- men and women -- seeking to escape low-wage, dead-end jobs.
Short-term T-bill rates rise Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities rose in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 2.155 percent, up from 2.075 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 2.365 percent, up from 2.280 percent.
Reports raise new questions on FDA oversight of drug safety New reports accuse another drug company of being too slow to pull a dangerous medication from the market and question the ability of the federal Food and Drug Administration to protect the public from such risks.
Once-high-profile planner ordered to undergo psychiatric exam Bradford C. Bleidt, looking unwashed and haggard and wearing a neck brace, shuffled into a courtroom yesterday with his eyes downcast to face criminal charges of mail fraud in an alleged scheme that investigators said may have defrauded investors of \$45 million.
Investors bolster takeover by Oracle Bolstered by investors, Oracle Corp. appears destined to complete its long-sought takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. unless its rival becomes more profitable and proves it is worth more than the \$9.2 billion bid currently on the table.
Quattrone barred from securities work Frank Quattrone, who was sentenced to 18 months in prison for urging employees to destroy documents during a probe of Credit Suisse First Boston, was permanently prohibited by the NASD from working in the securities industry.
Revamp aimed at getting Barbie's groove back Barbie's going through a midlife crisis. After splitting with longtime boyfriend Ken this year, she has sought refuge in shopping, surfing, and partying with a crew of trendy pals in Jamaica. At 45, she made a bid for the White House.
Affiliated Managers to acquire AQR stake Affiliated Managers Group Inc. , a US company that owns stakes in 18 money management firms, acquired an equity interest in AQR Capital Management, its fifth transaction this year. AQR, based in Greenwich, Conn., is a quantitative manager and hedge fund company that manages about \$12 billion, Beverly-based AMG said in a statement. AQR's management will hold the remaining equity ...
Oil prices fall after steep run-up Crude oil futures prices fell around the globe yesterday following a steep run-up on Friday that was prompted by persistent concerns about winter fuel supplies.
SEC eyes best-price rule for exchanges The Securities and Exchange Commission may require brokers to obtain the best prices for their clients' stock trades, a practice now followed only by the New York Stock Exchange, people familiar with the matter said yesterday.
Cherkasky says Marsh may settle Spitzer's lawsuit within a month Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. , the world's largest insurance broker, may settle New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's claims of rigged bids and kickbacks within a month, chief executive Michael Cherkasky said.
Apple hits 4-year high; iPod seen lifting sales Apple Computer Inc. stock jumped to a four-year high yesterday after a major Wall Street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its iPod music player is creating  quot;wildfire word-of-mouth marketing quot; for its Mac computers and other products.
American to postpone buying 54 planes FORT WORTH, Texas - American Airlines will put off buying \$2.7 billion worth of new airplanes from Boeing Co. as the airline struggles amid heavy competition and high fuel prices.
Harvard pays 2 top money managers \$25m Harvard University #39;s endowment paid its two top investment managers about \$25 million each last year, less than the pair earned a year ago, but still enough 
Computer game in which players shoot at JFK goes too far Three years ago, the city lost its legal battle to remove violent video games from public arcades in Indianapolis. As defeats go, this one was in some respects a crusher.
Mozilla Gains Five Points, IE Slips Five Web analytics provider OneStat.com has announced that Mozilla #39;s browsers have earned a total global usage share of 7.35, forcing Microsoft #39;s flagship Internet Explorer (IE) to drop below 90.
Unusual mixed breeds of dogs have their day. Angie Daugherty was so eager to take possession of her new-breed Labradoodle pup that she drove up to Lapel to see it at two weeks of age.
Sullivan Response Angers Players Dwight Yorkes former international team-mate Stern John has questioned Birmingham chief David Sullivans place in the game after his comments on footballs latest race row.
Chiefs notes In catching his first pass of the game for 22 yards, Tony Gonzalez moved ahead of former Viking Steve Jordan into fifth place in all-time receiving yards for tight ends.
Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz due in India today NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is due in New Delhi today where he is scheduled to meet his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh to discuss Kashmir and other issues related with the ongoing composite dialogue between the two countries.
UN probing alleged abuse by staff in DRC The United Nations is investigating around 150 allegations of sexual abuse by UN civilian staff and soldiers in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Rescue operation at air crash site ends Rescue operation atthe site of an air crash killing all 53 people aboard a commuter plane and one more on the ground on Sunday morning was declared conclusion Tuesday.
North Korea Demands Change in US Policy North Korea said today it could resume six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons programmes if the US agrees to change its policy toward the communist state.
China rules out 'hard landing' Efforts to ease the Chinese economy off the boil are working but rapid exchange rate change is off the agenda, the Chinese president says.
Let the stuffing begin No one may be more prepared to brave this week #39;s holiday travel rush than Craig and Angela Koven, of Indianapolis, who plan to fly to Orlando to visit family.
Benitez confirms Morientes interest (AFP) AFP - Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has confirmed the English Premiership club's desire to bring Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes to Anfield during the January transfer window.
Repairs on  #39;Big Dig #39; not all that big, firm insists BOSTON - The company overseeing the construction of the beleaguered Big Dig said yesterday that repairs to fix widespread leaks would take months, not years, and denounced public officials for rushing to judgment on the \$14.6 billion project.
Argentina Club Fire Kills at Least 174 A fire that raced through a packed Buenos Aires nightclub during a rock concert killed at least 174 concert-goers and injured about 410, and investigators were looking into survivor accounts that the building's emergency exits were locked.
Investors in step, Oracle moves closer With PeopleSoft #39;s stockholders tendering more than 60 percent of shares, Oracle #39;s takeover bid looks poised for success. By Associated Press.
Presidents line up for 9/11 victims ALL four living former US presidents have agreed to become honorary directors of the project for a permanent memorial to the victims of the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Centre.
Pacers Season Tossed Into Doubt (AP) AP - After receiving some of the harshest penalties in NBA history for one of the worst brawls in U.S. sports history, the Indiana Pacers' deep and talented roster has been reduced from a title contender to rubble.
Bofra Worm Spreads by Banner Ads Web site visitors who clicked on banner ads on a number of popular European Web sites this weekend could have infected their computers with variants of the Bofra worm, experts warn.
Pot plants found in Weston home Weston In a city where lush landscaping is the law, a different kind of garden was growing inside a \$500,000 Weston Hills Country Club home, snuggled in the same development where the mayor lives.
Preparing pooches for the work force Dogs must be between 14 and 30 months old and between 22 and 24 inches when measured from the top of the shoulder blade to the floor.
Ruffin Fills Key Role With power forward Etan Thomas having missed the entire season, reserve forward Michael Ruffin has done well in taking his place.
Debatable: Should there be criminal charges in sports brawls? NBA players charge into the stands and punch fans. College football players get into a brawl and one kicks another in the head as he #39;s lying facedown on the ground.
Video game exploits death of past president In light of concerns about video game violence, the release of a controversial new game isnt helping the issue. Very different from the games that are usually released each week, JFK Reloaded was released Monday.
Yorke considers quitting Birmingham Dwight Yorke may quit Birmingham City in the wake of alleged racist taunts received from Blackburn fans. The Telegraph says Yorke is upset by the lack of support he has had from plc chairman David Sullivan and is now considering his future at the club.
Peru Arrests Siege Leader, to Attack Police Post  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian authorities have detained a  former army major who led a three-day uprising in a southern  Peruvian town and are preparing to storm the police station he  took over with 200 supporters, a government source told Reuters  early on Tuesday.
Palestinians granted free movement Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that he won Israel #39;s agreement to permit freedom of movement for Palestinians when they hold elections for a successor to Yasser Arafat in January.
Drought and Hunger Add to Darfur #39;s Woes Sudans Darfur region, already engulfed in a conflict that has forced 1.8 million people to flee their homes, now faces a new threat from drought which is drying up wells and could lead to widespread hunger next year, the top US aid official says.
Turner Doesn't Believe in Moral Victories (AP) AP - Norv Turner took no solace in the fact his Oakland Raiders played San Diego much closer this time. In Turner's mind, a loss is a loss.
Indonesian police chief orders inquiry after five people shot in protest (AFP) AFP - Indonesia's police chief on ordered a rare probe into his men's violent handling of a protest near Jakarta in which at least five people were wounded by shotguns as 33 arrests were made.
Highways, airports to be busy this week Load up the kids and drive for hours. Fork out money for gas or plane tickets. Keep our cool in traffic jams and airport security lines.
Arizona seat-belt use at 95, tops in nation Arizona leads the nation in seat-belt use, according to a federal survey, news that means fewer injuries and deaths on the road and possibly lower insurance rates, according to one state official.
Ex-presidents to help with WTC memorial NEW YORK -- The four living former presidents will be honorary leaders of the World Trade Center memorial project, Gov. George Pataki announced Monday.
UN fears tens of thousands more tsunami dead as aid push gets star power (AFP) AFP - The United Nations is saying tens of thousands more people may have died in Asia's tsunami disaster as former US presidents to rock stars mobilise to feed the millions of destitute.
The Compassion Deficit \\Well said... \\"These powerful and well-funded political Christian fundamentalist\organizations appear to be suffering from a compassion deficit. Organizations\which are amazingly quick to organize to fight against same-sex marriage, a\woman's right to choose, and embryonic stem cell research are missing in\action when it comes to responding to the disaster in southern Asia. None of\their web sites are actively soliciting aid for the victims of the\earthquake/tsunami."\\"In fact, there is no mention of the giant earthquake and tsunami that\devastated southern Asia. There are no headlines about the dead, injured or\the tremendous damage; there are no urgent appeals for donations; there are  ...\\
Baghdad Suicide Car Bomb Kills at Least Four  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb exploded on Tuesday  at a police post near an entrance to the fortified Green Zone  complex in Baghdad, killing at least four people, a policeman  at the scene said.
NBA Wrap: James Leads Cavs Past Bobcats  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wearing a plastic mask to protect a  fractured cheekbone, LeBron James poured in a game-high 26  points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers past the Charlotte  Bobcats 94-83 on Monday.
U.S. Beats Netherlands in the Hopman Cup (AP) AP - James Blake won three straight points in a second-set tiebreaker Tuesday to beat Peter Wessels of the Netherlands 6-1, 7-6 (4) and clinch a 2-0 victory for the United States at the Hopman Cup.
Rwandan Ex-Army Officer Denies Genocide Charges  DAR ES SALAAM, Tanzania (Reuters) - A Rwandan ex-army  officer denied helping plan the central African country's 1994  genocide and distributing weapons to some of the killers, the  U.N. court trying the architects of the slaughter said Tuesday.
N.Korea Criticism Reports Don't Mean Kim Weaker Yet  SEOUL (Reuters) - Anecdotal evidence of public criticism of  North Korean leader Kim Jong-il's rule may point to less  control over society after market reforms began but does not  mean Kim is losing his grip, North Korea experts said Tuesday.
2005 Red Sox schedule (Home games in caps) APRIL 4 Mon.at Yankees 1:05 6 Wed.at Yankees 7:05 7 Thu.at Yankees 7:05 8 Fri.at Toronto TBD 9 Sat.at Toronto 1:05 10 Sun.at Toronto 1:05 11 Mon.YANKEES 3:05 13 Wed.YANKEES 7:05 14 Thu.YANKEES 7:05 15 Fri.TAMPA BAY 7:05 16 Sat.TAMPA BAY TBD 17 Sun.TAMPA BAY 2:05 18 Mon.TORONTO 11:05 19 Tue.TORONTO 7:05 20 Wed.at Baltimore 7:05 ...
Teams left down and out Clemson and South Carolina will not accept bowl bids, punishment for players who brawled toward the end of Saturday's game.
Common knowledge Only Syracuse University stands in the way of Boston College as the Eagles vie for their first Big East title and the inside track for the conference's automatic Bowl Championship Series slot.
Is this move by Fox sly? College football made news yesterday with the announcement of a television deal. Fox agreed to a four-year deal with the Bowl Championship Series excluding the Rose Bowl that won't begin for two years (the end of the 2006 season).
BC makes HC pay penalty It was a tough week for the Boston College hockey team. An upset loss to Harvard and a disappointing tie with Providence put an end to BC's reign as the No. 1-ranked team in the country.
Hundreds held over Apec protests Chile's government says 700 people were arrested and 20 police injured during protests over the Apec summit.
Health cost fears for China poor More than a third of Chinese people who fall ill do not go to a doctor because they cannot afford to, a survey finds.
Football: Ferguson hits landmark Sir Alex Ferguson is set to take charge of Man Utd for the 1,000th time.
Africa and its children SIBOVU, Swaziland -- The two old women were debating her future, but 13-year-old Thandeka Motsa could hardly bear to listen.
Aid workers rescued amid renewed Darfur violence KHARTOUM, Sudan -- Helicopters rescued more than 40 aid workers who fled into the bush to escape fighting in Darfur yesterday as renewed violence flared in the crisis-plagued region of western Sudan.
Spouse of Pakistan president's rival gets bail KARACHI -- After eight years in jail on corruption charges, the husband of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto was released on bail yesterday, officials said, in a move the government called a step toward ''political harmony quot; with her opposition party.
Nephew faults Israel in Arafat's death PARIS -- Newly armed with Yasser Arafat's medical dossier, his nephew pinned blame on Israel for the late Palestinian leader's death and refused yesterday to squelch rumors of poisoning -- although he acknowledged that doctors found no known poisons.
About the series Over the last year, a Globe reporter and photographer spent many weeks with three children in Uganda, Nigeria, and Swaziland. The children and their relatives gave permission for the journalists to document their lives and tell their stories. Most of the key events recounted in these stories were directly observed, the dialogue directly heard. Where reconstruction of events was necessary, ...
Child malnutrition up since invasion, study says STOCKHOLM -- Malnutrition among Iraq's youngest children has nearly doubled since the US-led invasion of Iraq, despite UN efforts to deliver food to the war-ravaged country, a Norwegian research group said yesterday.
Report: Airbus Aims to Trump Boeing's 7E7  PARIS (Reuters) - Airbus is designing an aircraft to  compete with Boeing Co.'s planned 7E7 wide-body jetliner that  would carry more passengers and fly further than the U.S.  plane, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing  people familiar with the plans.
Traffic Slows at Fast Casual Restaurants  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The growth of new fast casual  restaurants slowed to 13 percent in the year ended in September  from 17 percent year before, according to a study released on  Tuesday by market research firm The NPD Group.
You #39;re bankrupt! Trump casinos file  #39;We have one of the most powerful gaming companies the day it comes out of bankruptcy. There #39;s no way we could have done that without the  quot;B quot; word.
Mining sector fuels market recovery The Australian share market has found its feet again after the largest retreat in some months yesterday. Mimicking the recovery on Wall Street overnight, the All Ordinaries climbed 32.1 points to 3,878.9.
OVITZ MIND MELD Michael Ovitz #39;s wacky ideas for bonding with employees made it impossible for him to fit in at media giant Disney, according to a former executive.
Grizzlies stun Spurs on go-ahead 3-pointer Bonzi Wells scored 26 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer with less than a minute left, and Lorenzen Wright had 10 points and 10 rebounds to help Memphis beat the San Antonio Spurs 93-90 on Monday night.
Uranium processing halted, Iran says Iran announced yesterday that it has frozen all uranium-enrichment programs, weakening a US effort to refer its suspect nuclear activities to the UN Security Council.
BHP Billiton leads London on bigger share buyback LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Anglo-Aussie miner BHP Billiton (BHP) (UK:BLT) climbed 2.8 percent to lead FTSE 100 components after it increased its share buyback to A\$2.27 billion (US\$1.78 billion) from the A\$1 billion to A\$1.5 billion it had predicted it would buy 
Activists warn of possible rape of tsunami survivors (AFP) AFP - Women activists urged Sri Lankan authorities to step up protection for tsunami survivors amid unconfirmed reports some had been molested or even gang raped at refugee shelters.
PLAY IT AGAIN Legendary toy retailer FAO Schwarz will reopen its landmark Manhattan store on Thanksgiving Day, just in time for the holidays. The 65,000-square-foot store at Fifth 
Tennessee seat belt use improves The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says state seat belt use increased from about 69 percent in 2003 to 72 percent in 2004.
Update 8: Crude Futures Dip As Traders Predict Rise Crude oil futures eased a shade Tuesday in range-bound trade as analysts predicted a weekly US oil inventories report could show a rise in stocks.
\$100 for bite of Apple? Stock ripe to double, analyst says Apple Computer shares surged to a four-year high yesterday after a Piper Jaffray analyst said the stock may almost double to \$100 within a year, citing a survey that shows the iPod digital 
First European mission captures stunning portrait of earth and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UDAIPUR, India : A spectacular portrait of earth and its satellite, the moon, together has been captured for the first time during an eclipse by a space camera, the European Space Agency said on Tuesday.
Sacked again: Pats stop KC During halftime Monday night, a man wearing a No. 31 Kansas City jersey put on some nice moves as he ran on the field. Unfortunately for the Chiefs, that wasn #39;t the real No.
Fox to announce deal to air Fiesta, Orange, Sugar bowls in  #39;06 On Monday, Fox will announce a four-year deal to carry four Bowl Championship Series games, according to an executive familiar with the negotiations, starting with bowls after the 2006 regular season.
Bernie braves the Bank Three investment banks, otherwise known as  #39;Speed Investments #39;, own most of the Formula One business but are suing Bambino for a representative slice of control.
Iowa waits out Louisville After staying close in the first half against a No. 12 Louisville team that was shooting 61 percent, Iowa coach Steve Alford knew it was only a matter of time before his Hawkeyes #39; defense would change the momentum.
One step in Palestine Any road map assumes that there is a starting point, a destination and mileposts in between. But before a carload of travelers can begin a road trip, they #39;ve got to decide who is going to drive the car.
UN confirms three hostages freed in Afghanistan Three foreign UN workers held hostage in Afghanistan have been freed unharmed, almost four weeks after they were abducted at gunpoint on the streets of the capital Kabul.
Abbas: Refugees Will Return to Israel (AP) AP - Mahmoud Abbas, the leading candidate in next week's presidential election, on Monday promised Palestinian refugees they'll be able to return home one day  #151; his most explicit comment yet on an explosive issue that has derailed peace talks in the past.
Britain #39;s  #39;9/11 #39; foiled by security forces Story in full AN AL-QAEDA terror plot involving aircraft being flown simultaneously into the towers of Canary Wharf and Heathrow Airport has been foiled by British security forces, it emerged last night.
Around the world UN Secretary General Kofi Annan accused UN peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on Friday of sexually abusing women and children.
Israeli captain charged after shooting girl Military prosecutors yesterday charged an army captain with five separate offenses after fellow soldiers accused him of repeatedly shooting a 13-year-old Palestinian schoolgirl to make sure that she was dead.
Transactions BASEBALL Atlanta (NL): Added Ps Kyle Davies, Anthony Lerew and Macay McBride, INFs Pete Orr, Andy Marte and Luis Hernandez and OF Bill McCarthy to 40-man roster. Boston (AL): Named Al Nipper minor league pitching coordinator, Goose Gregson Latin American pitching coordinator and Gulf Coast League pitching coach, Todd Claus manager of Portland (EL), Dann Bilardello manager and Ace Adams ...
Crisis grips divided Ukraine over disputed presidential vote (AFP) AFP - A political crisis gripped a bitterly divided Ukraine as the pro-West opposition planned more mass demonstrations to protest a contested presidential vote claimed by the Russia-friendly prime minister.
UN DR Congo sex abuses 'on film' The UN has photos and video footage of sexual abuses committed by UN staff in DR Congo, says an official.
Zimbabwe Ruling Party Elects Woman as Mugabe Deputy  HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe's ruling party on Saturday  confirmed the election of the first woman candidate as deputy  to President Robert Mugabe at the end of a congress which also  endorsed Mugabe as party leader for another five years.
McDonalds boss steps down Charlie Bell has stepped down as chief executive of fast food giant McDonalds seven months after taking up the top job. Bell, who was diagnosed with colon cancer earlier this year, is leaving the business to focus on fighting the illness.
Krispy Kreme results have holes Krispy Kreme #39;s quarterly results fell sharply for the third consecutive quarter as sluggish sales and an intensifying government investigation raised concerns yesterday about whether the glaze was permanently off the once-hot pastry maker.
Congress OKs foreigners #39; jobs WASHINGTON - Congress is letting employers hire an additional 20,000 foreign high-tech workers under a special visa program after businesses reached the annual ceiling on the first day of the government #39;s fiscal year.
NASA Concludes First International Workshop in Support of US  #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA officials held an international workshop last week in Washington DC, with representatives from China, the European Union, and 17 other countries to consider opportunities and possible collaborations 
HDTV: A Shopper #39;s Survival Guide The words high-definition TV are enough to give many consumers the sweats. We #39;ll help you relax and buy smarter. Flat or fat? EDTV or HDTV?
McCaffery: Until fans strike back, players will still attack Two days after Ron Artest and a similarly disposed mob of arrogant rich people did the unacceptable, David Stern attempted to do the impossible.
Sehwag flays SA attack Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir flayed the South African attack to record India #39;s second-highest opening partnership in the first Test on Tuesday.
Baghdad Suicide Car Bomb Kills at Least 6 -- Police (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide truck bomb attack on an Iraqi\security checkpoint near an entrance to the fortified Green\Zone complex on Tuesday killed at least six people and wounded\at least 40, police said.
UN hostages held for 4 weeks in Afghanistan freed KABUL, Afghanistan -- Three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan four weeks ago were released unharmed today, a day after a string of raids by US and Afghan security forces.
TWO ANTI-VOTE SHEIKS SLAIN November 23, 2004 -- BAGHDAD - Gunmen assassinated two influential Sunni clerics who called for a boycott of national elections, soon after Iraqi officials announced the balloting would be held Jan. 30 in spite of rising violence in the country.
 #39;9/11 #39; PLOTS IN BRITAIN Chilling plans for a 9/11- style terror onslaught - complete with hijacked planes -argeted London #39;s Heathrow Airport and famed financial district Canary Wharf, it was reported yesterday.
China wraps Latinamerican tour in Cuba Chinese president Hu Jintao arrived this Monday in Cuba, the last stop of his visit to Latinamerica, and as happened in Brazil, Argentina and Chile, his host Fidel Castro expects to sign important bilateral trade and investment agreements.
Famous toy store to reopen Upscale toy retailer FAO Schwarz #39;s flagship store on New York City #39;s Fifth Avenue will reopen Friday, nearly a year after its previous owners filed for bankruptcy-court protection.
Loss widens; 3 million customers seen by year #39;s end TiVo said on Monday that its quarterly loss widened, citing increased marketing costs, but the maker of digital video-recording technology said it expects to have 3 million subscriptions by the end of the year.
Drive fast, turn left: The Chase made sense In the end, NASCAR got what it wanted and the fans got what they didnt know they wanted. With the inaugural 10-race Chase for the NASCAR Nextel Cup now in the proverbial rearview mirror, even the naysayers 
UN DR Congo sex abuses  #39;on film #39; The United Nations is investigating some 150 allegations of sexual abuse by UN civilian staff and soldiers in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Fury over  #39;shoot JFK video game #39; A new computer game which recreates John F Kennedy #39;s assassination was branded despicable yesterday by late president #39;s family.
Keane dropped for Spurs defeat Robbie Keane was dropped as dreadful Spurs crashed to their SIXTH straight Premiership defeat on Monday night. The Irish striker - who spoke on Sunday about a new-found freedom to express oneself at White 
UN demands DR Congo poll Visiting UN Security Council diplomats push for 2005 elections in DR Congo despite huge obstacles.
CNN cuts Hair as head of US unit In a big management shakeup aimed at halting a brutal assault from rival Fox News, CNN has pushed aside the head of its US network.
Pent-up demand for travel is primed for holiday takeoff As the high-pressure holiday travel season rolls in, the transportation industry is anticipating some of the highest numbers seen in four years.
Patriots streaking again If Drew Brees was watching TV and saw the Kansas City Chiefs play pass defense last night, he must have been smiling and rubbing his palms together in anticipation.
From nada to Mega Parking attendant Juan Rodriguez had just 78 cents in the bank and a whopping \$44,000 in debts when he hit a \$149 million Mega Millions lottery prize, bankruptcy documents revealed yesterday.
Martin glad to see Sometime tonight, perhaps at tipoff, the memories may all hit Kenyon Martin at once, with the force of one of his punishing dunks.
Cendant Expected to Spin Off Wright Express, a Fleet Manager The Cendant Corporation is planning to announce today that it will spin off its Wright Express unit in an initial public offering that is expected to raise more than \$1 billion.
INDUSTRY REPORT: Food  McDonald #39;s CEO resigns McDonald #39;s Corp., the world #39;s largest restaurant chain, said CEO and President Charlie Bell has resigned to focus on his fight against cancer.
FAO Schwarz back in play On a 22-foot-long piano keyboard, dancers jumped on giant keys, each step setting off a note of  quot;Chopsticks. quot;. Over by the soda fountain, blue-shirted servers learned to make the Volcano, a 
\$149 million lottery winner:  #39;No idea #39; what comes next Newly minted multimillionaire Juan Rodriguez, who won the \$149 million Mega Millions lottery jackpot, said Sunday he hasn #39;t quit his job at a midtown Manhattan parking garage yet.
EasyJet faces tough year ahead An increase in passengers has propped up annual earnings for easyJet but the low-cost airline has warned it faces a tough two years as cut-throat competition drives down fares and fuel prices soar.
EasyJet caution despite profits rise Budget airline EasyJet today reported a 21 improvement in annual profits but warned that it expected competition to remain intense this winter.
VHS Format Dies Quiet Death  quot;We #39;re saying goodbye to one of the most important products in the history of consumer technology, quot; Dixons marketing director John Mewett said.
New Linuxes, Old Problems I have had a frustrating few weeks with Linux. I #39;ve lost count of the number of installations I #39;ve done, and I don #39;t want to think about the number of hours I #39;ve lost to troubleshooting.
MontaVista squares up to Symbian CALIFORNIA #39;S MONTAVISTA HAS landed the deal to supply its Linux OS to two major Japanese handset providers, NEC and Panasonic.
Are Desktop Search Programs Ready for Prime Time? (PC World) PC World - Copernic Desktop Search does the work without Google's security flaws.
Brady, Dillon provide touchdowns KANSAS CITY -- The Kansas City Chiefs were supposed to have enough weapons to beat the New England Patriots, but the defending champs proved they have a healthy arsenal of their own on Monday night.
Chad hints: Shoulder healing slowly Without denying the reports, Jets quarterback Chad Pennington yesterday tried to quell rumors that he #39;ll require arthroscopic surgery to have the strained rotator cuff in 
Serf's Up in the Video Game Industry (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Holiday season in the video game industry is the equivalent of television's sweeps week, which perhaps is why new reports painting game designers as 21st century-style Dickensian factory laborers are proving especially noteworthy.
Conference on Iraq to back the government #39;s war on insurgents World leaders gathered in Egypt for an international conference on Iraq focused on another Mideast issue early Tuesday the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians.
Arafat #39;s nephew calls medical file inconclusive PARIS -- Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records show no definite diagnosis explaining his death, his nephew said Monday.
&lt;cite&gt;Register&lt;/cite&gt; restores ad service &lt;strong&gt;Site Notice&lt;/strong&gt; Some rough figures
Smartphones suffer Skulls attack Owners of the Nokia 7610 are warned to look out for a malicious program that makes phones almost useless.
Help for lost and stolen phones A national database is being set up to help return lost and stolen phones to their rightful owners.
Time Warner Nears Deal Over AOL Accounting Media giant would pay \$750M to settle wide-ranging allegations of accounting irregularities at Va.-based America Online.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
SEC Probes Firms-Advisers Gift Exchange (AP) AP - Securities regulators are examining whether brokerage firms lavished golf outings, Super Bowl tickets and other gifts on mutual fund advisers to get them to bring their trading business to the firms.
Oil Surges to \$50 on Winter Fuel Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices vaulted back above \$50 a  barrel on Tuesday as traders took out insurance ahead of weekly  U.S. data on Wednesday that is expected to show only a modest  increase in winter heating oil inventories.
Airbus Looks to Challenge Boeing's 7E7  PARIS/TOULOUSE, France (Reuters) - Airbus is eager to  produce a rival to Boeing Co.'s new 7E7 passenger jet and hopes  to make an announcement by the end of the year, the European  planemaker said on Tuesday.
Time Warner Shares Rise on Talks Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Time Warner Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; rose  2 percent on Tuesday after a report that the world's largest  media company was near a settlement with regulators that could  limit potential shareholder lawsuits over probes into  accounting at its America Online unit.
U.S. FDA Adds Restrictions to Acne Drug  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Roche's acne drug Accutane and its  generic versions will face tighter prescription controls to  prevent harm to unborn children, U.S. health regulators said on  Tuesday.
Intel Shares Edge Lower After Downgrade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; shares slipped on  Tuesday after Credit Suisse First Boston downgraded the stock,  forecasting that the computer chip maker will have difficulty  outperforming the overall semiconductor sector next year.
Computer Associates Names IBM Exec as CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday named former IBM software sales head John  Swainson as president and chief executive, seven months after  Sanjay Kumar stepped down amid an accounting scandal.
Credit Raters' Power Abused, Borrowers Say Corporations, municipalities and foreign governments have grown wary of the big three credit-rating companies as they have expanded into global powers without formal oversight.
Tax Reform Veterans See Hurdles Ahead Two primary architects of Congress's last major tax reform say President Bush so far has failed to lay the groundwork for his ambitious tax agenda.
Brokers' Gifts Investigated  Securities regulators are opening up yet another front in their long-running investigation of the mutual fund industry, examining brokerage firms that allegedly gave mutual fund employees lavish gifts in exchange for business, officials said yesterday.
Top Economic Adviser to Bush Is Leaving Post The departure Tuesday of Stephen Friedman, who left Wall Street to assume one of the top economic posts in the White House as director of the National Economic Council, will open a key economic policy position just as President Bush begins his ambitious push to overhaul Social Security and the tax code.
USDA Rules Out Mad Cow Disease in Animal The result cheered the beef industry, which had braced itself to hear that a second case of mad cow disease had been discovered in the U.S.
Dollar hits new record euro low The dollar hits yet another record low against the euro on speculation Russia may increase reserves of the single currency.
Wal-Mart approves unions in China Wal-Mart is to allow its Chinese employees to join a trade union following pressure from the Chinese authorities.
China and Cuba sign trade deals China and Cuba sign a multi-million dollar nickel deal as the communist nations seek closer ties.
Cingular announces 7,000 job cuts US mobile phone giant Cingular announces plans to cut about 7,000 jobs in the next 12 to 18 months.
Fines prompt Yukos share drop Shares in the Russian oil giant Yukos lose more than a fifth of their value, as the company faces a tax fine of \$2.5bn.
Rising material costs hit Heinz Second quarter profits at ketchup maker Heinz are hit by higher material and transport costs.
Palestinian economy in decline The Palestinian economy is in crisis, performing well below its potential, the World Bank says.
EADS 'ready' for US air force bid European aerospace firm EADS says it is ready to tender for a bid to supply refuelling planes to the US air force.
WPP-Grey Global merger 'on hold' Advertising giant WPP's purchase of Grey Global is temporarily put on hold after files submitted to EU regulators were found to be incomplete.
AG sues to stop apparent telecom scam Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly moved yesterday to rescue nearly 200 Bay State businesses from an apparent telecommunications scam that bound many to pay \$100,000 or more for a black-box device called  quot;The Matrix quot; that turned out to be worthless.
Rather Quitting as CBS Anchor in Abrupt Move The move came two months after Dan Rather acknowledged flaws in a report on President Bush's National Guard service.
Questions Are Seen on Merck's Stance on Pain Drug's Use Merck officials had evidence far back as 2001 that Vioxx might not help thousands of users of the arthritis and pain drug.
On Wall Street, a Closer Look at Giving Gifts Regulators are apparently not basking in the spirit of holiday giving, at least where Wall Street is concerned.
Jack Daniel's to the Rescue Jack Daniel's puts on a strong performance as Brown-Forman's earnings grow strongly.
Dollar Tree Spreads Roots Discount retailer meets expectations, forecasts 19 earnings gain next quarter.
Mylan's "Three-Ring Circus" Icahn is involved in the Mylan-King Pharmaceuticals deal for his benefit only.
IBM to acquire life insurance processing, admin company IBMis acquiring Liberty Insurance Services, or LIS, which is the U.S. business process services operation of RBC Insurance, IBM and RBC announced Tuesday. LIS handles life insurance and annuity processing and administration, and will become a new IBM subsidiary focused on that service.
Exploding Cell Phones a Growing Problem (AP) AP - Curtis Sathre said it was like a bomb going off. His 13-year-old son Michael stood stunned, ears ringing, hand gushing blood after his cell phone exploded. Safety officials have received 83 reports of cell phones exploding or catching fire in the past two years, usually because of bad batteries or chargers.
Lobbyists Try to Kill Philly Wireless Plan (AP) AP - Philadelphia's plan to offer inexpensive wireless Internet as a municipal service  #151; the most ambitious yet by a major U.S. city  #151; has collided with commercial interests including the local phone company, Verizon Communications Inc.
SEC May Be Near Settlement With AOL Time Warner is close to settling a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into accounting at America Online, a person close to the negotiations said yesterday.
Mixed End to Light Trading as Oil Surges, Then Retreats Shares shuffled to a mixed finish yesterday, rebounding from earlier lows as oil prices retreated after surging past \$50 a barrel.
Questions and answers about Trump #39;s bankruptcy filing The company that operates Donald J. Trump #39;s casinos has filed for bankruptcy protection, along with some related companies. Here are some questions and answers about what this means for Trump, his employees, gamblers and creditors: 
China #39;s SAIC cool on early Rover deal talk Chinese carmaker Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. (SAIC) has played down reports that it is about to sign a deal for a joint venture with MG Rover, the Times newspaper reports.
Drilling Programme at WMCs Olympic Dam Site Indicates it is the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Total Mineral Resources at WMC Resources Ltd #39;s Olympic Dam mine in South Australia have increased by 29.2 as a result of recent drilling and an improved long-term uranium price outlook.
Top Economic Adviser to Bush Is Leaving Post Stephen Friedman, who left Wall Street to assume one of the top economic posts in the White House, will return to the private sector Dec. 31 after two quiet years in Washington, White House officials announced yesterday.
Wal-Mart to allow unions in China stores HONG KONG (CBS.MW) -- US retail giant Wal-Mart (WMT) has bowed to pressure and said it will allow unions in its stores in China to unionize if employees request it, the China Daily newspaper reported.
Richmond is in Top 10 list of dangerous cities RICHMOND, Va. Richmond is now on the Top 10 list of the nation #39;s most dangerous cities -- according to one report. The research firm Morgan Quitno says Richmond now ranks ninth when compared with more than 
Sirius Says Its Subscribers Top 800,000 By Reuters. Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. said yesterday that it passed the 800,000 subscriber mark and is on track to have one million by the end of the year, further fueling the company #39;s stock.
Home Resales Dipped Slightly Last Month Sales of existing homes edged down 0.1 percent in October, but low mortgage rates continued to contribute toward what might become a record year in home sales, a trade association report showed on Tuesday.
Short-Handed Pacers Beat Celtics 106-96 (AP) AP - Jamaal Tinsley scored 29 points and James Jones had a career-best 22 points and 10 rebounds to lead the suspension-weakened Indiana Pacers to a 106-96 win over the Boston Celtics on Tuesday.
FCC: 8M Wireless Users Keep Cell Numbers (AP) AP - Nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, the Federal Communications Commission disclosed Tuesday.
Williams to Be Reinstated After Suspension (AP) AP - Ricky Williams will serve a four-game suspension beginning next month, then will be reinstated to the Miami Dolphins by the NFL, according to his lawyer.
No. 2 Kansas Defeats St. Joseph's 91-51 (AP) AP - Wayne Simien had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and No. 2 Kansas shot 63 percent during a 91-51 rout of St. Joseph's on Tuesday night.
Iowa Upends No. 15 Texas 82-80 (AP) AP - Pierre Pierce hit a 25-foot jumper with 44 seconds left to give Iowa the lead for good, and the Hawkeyes beat No. 15 Texas 82-80 on Tuesday night in the semifinals of the Maui Invitational.
Man Fined  #36;300K for Leaking 'Screeners' (AP) AP - A federal judge has imposed the maximum fine of  #36;300,000 against a former member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences who allegedly leaked "screener" copies of movies that were distributed on the Internet.
Three Big Music Labels Sign Up for Peer Impact (Reuters) Reuters - Three of the Big Four music labels\have reached licensing agreements to provide their music to the\soon-to-launch Peer Impact network, a peer-to-peer service that\enables legal music file-sharing.
Midlevel Free Agents Signing With Teams (AP) AP - While the stars take their time, midlevel free agents are starting to make deals.
Judge in EU-Microsoft Case Calls Meeting (AP) AP - The judge deciding whether to suspend the European Union's antitrust order against software giant Microsoft Corp. pending appeal has called an unexpected meeting, two weeks after two longtime backers of the EU's case abruptly pulled out.
JFK Assassination Game Defended as  #39;Educational #39; A British company has released a video game re-creating the assassination of President Kennedy. A spokesperson for the president #39;s brother, Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, called the game  quot;despicable.
No. 11 N.C. Trumps Tennessee 94-81 (AP) AP - Rashad McCants scored 27 points and North Carolina rode a sharp first half to a 94-81 victory over Tennessee on Tuesday night in the semifinals of the Maui Invitational.
Online casino buys  #39;holy #39; sarmie An online casino said it placed the winning \$28 000 bid for a 10-year-old partly eaten grilled cheese sandwich said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary, and wants to take it on a world tour.
Artful Software Spots Faked Masterpieces The method could also be used to determine if more than one hand was involved in creating the work, something physical forensic science has never been able to do.
 #39;Skulls #39; Virus Attacks Nokia Smartphones Once attacked by Skulls, the only things the smartphones can do is make and receive calls. The anti-virus lab F-Secure said it had produced guidelines for users to help them remove the program and get their phones working.
AMD announces Mobile Sempron 3000 Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) expanded its Mobile Sempron processor family with a higher performing model and integrated EVP anti virus technology.
NASA changes with new budget CLEAR LAKE - Johnson Space Center spokesman Kyle Herring said Tuesday that shuttle program project managers were looking at ways to reduce costs by about 5 percent, but said he did not know if job cuts would be a part of those efforts.
Torvalds, Windenius, Lerdorf Fight EU Software Patents The three most famous European authors of open-source software today issued an appeal against software patents in Europe. Linux author Linus Torvalds, MySQL author Michael Windenius and 
Video Game Makers Get a  #39;C #39; for Effort, Critics Say Critics questions whether violent videogames like  quot;BloodRayne quot; should be played by children and teenagers. The videogame industry says games with mature themes have appropriate ratings.
VHS Format Dies at 26 A device that can record and play back video to and from videotapes (video cassettes). A trademark and industry standard for the tape format used in VCRs.
BT digital service returns power to artists BT is launching a digital music service designed to  quot;revolutionise quot; the industry and give power back to artists, labels and traditional retailers at the expense of new entrants into the market such as Apple #39;s iTunes.
GIFT GUIDE 1: TECH  amp; TOYS When the notion of creating high-definition, commercial broadcast television in the US first arose in the 1980s, few were ready for it.
Another Survey Says Mozilla Up, IE Down Another Web browser usage survey is showing a familiar trend: Mozilla #39;s share is rising at the expense of Internet Explorer. Global usage share numbers released Monday by OneStat.
Gartner: Renegotiate software license deals now com November 23, 2004, 10:44 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
Citrix to acquire SSL VPN startup The company on Tuesday announced that it #39;s acquiring privately held security equipment maker Net6 for \$50 million in cash. The acquisition, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2004, will thrust 
Microsoft Is No Threat To Google -- Yet In the past decade, searching the Web has grown from an academic experiment to a multibillion-dollar business. Microsoft has not been a player, being content to outsource its MSN Search service to rival Yahoo!
Indexing of Copyrighted Photos Lands Google in Court An adult Web site publisher is suing Google, saying the search engine company made it easier for users to see the site #39;s copyrighted nude photographs without paying or gaining access through the proper channels.
Phishers use more sites to reel in data on accounts The number of Web sites used to steal private account information from online consumers surged in October, as banks and other financial institutions continued to struggle against Internet  quot;phishing quot; schemes.
Intel Helping Indian, Chinese Customers to Use Linux (Update3) Intel Corp., the world #39;s biggest semiconductor maker, said it #39;s helping Indian and Chinese customers build personal computers that use the Linux operating system, an alternative to Microsoft Corp.
The Sims go to Varsity The Sims 2 University will ship this March and gives players of The Sims 2 the ability to watch their Sims become young adults and put childhood behind them as they settle into an all-new university town.
Enterprise grid group adds Dell, two others (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - The Enterprise Grid Alliance (EGA) on Nov. 30 plans to announce the addition of Dell, UBS Investment Bank, and value-added reseller Avarsys to its fold.
Blizzard ships World of Warcraft (MacCentral) MacCentral - Blizzard Entertainment on Tuesday shipped World of Warcraft, its first entry into the popular Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game (MMORPG) genre. The game ships in North America, Australia and New Zealand for Mac and PC in both Standard and Collector's Editions for US #36;49.95 and  #36;79.99. Further beta testing will be announced in Europe, Korea and elsewhere in Asia before the games are released in those regions.
Union Could Get Suspensions Lessened, Experts Say NEW YORK - The NBA players union will win its appeal to reduce the suspensions doled out to Ron Artest and two other Indiana Pacers who brawled with Pistons fans last week, a sports business expert predicted Tuesday.
Goosen Forges One-Shot Lead at Grand Slam of Golf South Africa #39;s Retief Goosen fired a seven-under-par 65 to take a one-shot lead over the season #39;s other three major winners after the first round of the 36-hole PGA Grand Slam of Golf in Kauai, Hawaii on Tuesday.
UNITED THROUGH MANCHESTER, England: Manchester United qualified for the Champions League knockout phase with a 2-1 Group D victory over French champions Olympique Lyon last night.
Kings Defeat Rockets 102-96 Sacramento Kings guard Bobby Jackson, right, tries to shoot over the outstretched arm of Houston Rockets center Yao Ming, of China, left, during the fourth quarter in Sacramento, Calif.
2 arrested for alleged racial taunts at Yorke Police yesterday arrested two men in connection with alleged racist taunts aimed at Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke. YORKE... accused Rovers fans of making monkey gestures towards him last Sunday.
Real Madrid Faces Champions League Decider in Empty Stadium Real Madrid #39;s all-star soccer team will play its sixth and final Champions League group game in an empty Rome stadium next month facing the prospect of first-round elimination for the first time in eight seasons.
Barcelona to take on Celtic Join Group F leaders Barcelona take on Celtic today, knowing that a draw and a point will be enough for them to book their place in the last 16 of the Champions League.
No. 12 Louisville Routs Chaminade in Hawaii Taquan Dean scored 21 points and the Cardinals bounced back from an opening-round loss to beat Chaminade, 93-63, yesterday in the consolation bracket of the Maui Invitational in Lahaina, Hawaii.
Goosen Leads Grand Slam by One Stroke (AP) AP - U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen shot a 7-under-par 65 to take a one-stroke lead Tuesday over PGA champion Vijay Singh in the PGA Grand Slam of Golf.
Gene tops first day of Barcelona test Marc Gene put in a good performance on his first day of testing with his new Ferrari team, setting the pace at Barcelona, Spain. Gene, who has spent the past four years testing for rival BMW-Williams, posted a top lap of 1:15.662 in the F2004.
It #39;s Official: Spurrier Is Hired to Coach Gamecocks Steve Spurrier was hired at South Carolina yesterday after the school trustees #39; executive board approved a seven-year deal worth \$1.25 million a season for the former Florida football coach.
Henson Set to Start for Injured Testaverde Dallas Cowboys Coach Bill Parcells said yesterday that the rookie quarterback Drew Henson would make his first NFL start tomorrow against Chicago  quot;unless things change appreciably with Vinny.
Chinese Space Official to Visit NASA Chief (Reuters) Reuters - The head of China's space agency\will visit NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe next week, a move\one U.S. expert said could mean increased cooperation between\the two countries.
NBA Players' Union Appeals Suspensions  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - In a move that seemed almost  inevitable, the NBA players' union filed an appeal Tuesday on  behalf of the Pacers' Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson and Jermaine  O'Neal.
Arctic Nations to Make Scant Promises to Slow Thaw (Reuters) Reuters - Eight Arctic countries will make\scant promises to slow a rapid thaw of the region linked to\global warming at a meeting in Iceland on Wednesday after U.S.\opposition to firmer action, delegates said.
Pakistan must act to prevent AIDS: UNAIDS LONDON: Asian countries are at great risk from AIDS, but countries like Pakistan, where prevalence is low, can ward off potential epidemics through prevention programmes if they act quickly, the United Nations reported on Tuesday.
World powers and neighbours back Iraqi elections SHARM EL SHEIKH: The worlds main powers and the Middle East countries put on a rare show of unity on Tuesday to support January elections in Iraq that UN chief Kofi Annan termed critical to quell rampant violence.
Report: Man in Jakarta bombing arrested Indonesian media reports said the man alleged to be the field coordinator behind the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta has been arrested.
Singh, Aziz to talk after India-Pakistan spat Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz meets his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh on Wednesday to hold talks that are expected to put aside a recent spat over disputed 
Britain plans tougher laws to fight terror LONDON: The British government announced yesterday a range of new measures to fight global terrorism and organised crime, as Queen Elizabeth set out its new lawmaking agenda.
States Pull Out of Talks to Cut Aircraft Pollution (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. state and local air pollution\control officials said on Tuesday they are pulling out of\five-year-old talks to develop a voluntary program for reducing\pollution from aircraft engines.
Half of Brazil's Amazon Jungle Occupied-Study (Reuters) Reuters - About half of Brazil's\original Amazon rainforest has been occupied by man, deforested\or used for industry like logging and its destruction is worse\than government data shows, a leading environmental group said\on Tuesday.
Clippers' Livingston Placed on Injured List  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Clippers  placed rookie guard Shaun Livingston on the injured list  Tuesday with a dislocated right kneecap.
UK Plans New Laws Against Animal Rights Militants (Reuters) Reuters - Britain proposed new laws on Tuesday to\stop increasingly militant animal rights campaigners from\harassing scientists involved in medical experiments.
EU Allows More Catches of Exotic Deep-Sea Fish (Reuters) Reuters - EU fisheries ministers agreed quotas\on Tuesday for new member states to catch deepwater fish,\exotic but threatened species that are fast becoming an\alternative to mainstays like cod and hake, officials said.
Goosen on Top at Grand Slam  KAUAI, Hawaii (Sports Network) - Reigning U.S. Open  champion Retief Goosen shot a seven-under-par 65 on Tuesday to  take the lead after the opening round of the PGA Grand Slam of  Golf.
Fact vs. Fiction: 10 Questions to Test Your Space IQ (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Science speeds along so fast that it can be hard sometimes to know exactly \  what's known. So now and then its helpful to pause and ponder the state of things.
Pope Receives Honorary Degree in Poland (AP) AP - Pope John Paul II received an honorary degree Tuesday from Nicholas Copernicus University in his native Poland, calling it a "sign of dialogue" between science and faith.
Huge Black Holes Formed Quickly After Big Bang (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Incredibly massive black holes had fully matured just a billion years after the birth of the universe, according to two separate studies.
Species-Threatening Snails Found in Colo. (AP) AP - Tough and tiny snails that threaten to crowd out native species by hogging all the food have shown up in a Colorado creek for the first time, state wildlife biologists said Tuesday.
Sorenstam Keeps Alive Grand Slam Dream  WEST PALM BEACH, Florida (Reuters) - Annika Sorenstam had  no sooner clinched her 10th win of the year at the LPGA's  season-ending ADT Tour Championship than she was already making  her plans for the future.
Groups Join, Seek Action on Global Warming (AP) AP - More than a dozen conservation and public health advocacy groups joined on Tuesday to throw their collective support behind further legislative action to prevent global warming.
Union Appeals, Pacers Protest and 2 Fans Sue The N.B.A. Players Association filed an appeal to Commissioner David Stern over the suspensions of the Pacers' Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson and Jermaine O'Neal.
With Less Swagger, Spurrier Returns to SEC Steve Spurrier arrived Tuesday at Williams-Brice Stadium to be introduced as the new football coach at the University of South Carolina.
Museum Addition Brings More Things to Try (AP) AP - Kids arm-wrestle all the time, but over the Internet? And there's nothing unusual about checking your weight, but in gallons? And all of this to illustrate lessons about networks and the search for life in outer space?
Scientist Who Created K Ration Diet Dies (AP) AP - Ancel Keys, the University of Minnesota scientist who invented the K ration diet used by soldiers in World War II and who linked high cholesterol and fatty diets to heart disease, has died at the age of 100.
Anger Management May Not Help at All The brawl that erupted last week at a basketball game has exposed the weakness of a common assumption: that anger can be treated almost as if it were an infection.
Congress OKs  #36;2.6M for Oyster Research (AP) AP - Congress has approved spending another  #36;2.6 million to research putting Asian oysters in the Chesapeake Bay.
Mourning Meets Ratner: Don't Ask Alonzo Mourning again shook things up when he questioned the Nets' new owner, Bruce C. Ratner, on his motive for purchasing the team.
Branch return breathtaking It took Deion Branch nine weeks to get his  quot;breath quot; back but when he did he left the Kansas City Chiefs breathless.
Pacers circle wagons In the aftermath of the Friday night fight between the Pacers, the Pistons, and raucous fans at the Palace of Auburn Hills, Indiana coach Rick Carlisle borrowed a phrase from Winston Churchill, saying,  quot;the imagination is baffled by the facts. quot; During a pair of news conferences at Conseco Fieldhouse yesterday that addressed the unprecedented NBA penalties levied against ...
They have bond You may have seen Patriots owner Robert Kraft sitting with Red Sox owner John Henry at Fenway Park last season, and the two sat together at a playoff game in New York. They were together again Nov. 14 when the Patriots honored the Red Sox with a ceremony at Gillette Stadium.
Facet of KC offense was a bit run down It was another record-setting day for the Kansas City Chiefs' offense last night, but New England proved it could get by with focusing primarily on stopping the run.
Artest Says 'Move On' Ron Artest asks the public to "move on," as reports that an additional player was involved in the melee reach local authorities.
A Tragic Free Fall The surprising death of Justin Strzelczyk, a former starter with the Steelers, leaves his friends and family with unanswered questions.
Hokies' Imoh Is Ailing Virginia Tech tailback Mike Imoh won't practice this week because of a strained hamstring and a bout of the flu and is questionable to play in Saturday's game against Virginia.
Hollenbach Gets Call Quarterback Sam Hollenbach will start Maryland's season-ending game against Wake Forest unless Jordan Steffy makes a highly improbable recovery from a concussion.
S. Carolina Gets Spurrier Steve Spurrier takes over at South Carolina on Tuesday, returning to the college ranks after a three-year absence, and replacing Lou Holtz.
Coaches on Firing Line The NFL coaches whose job security is under the most intense scrutiny these days are the Cleveland Browns' Butch Davis and the New Orleans Saints' Jim Haslett.
Pacers Pull Out Win Jamaal Tinsley has a career-high 29 points and James Jones had a career-best 22 points and 10 rebounds to lead the suspension-weakened Pacers to a 106-96 win over the Celtics.
Terps Start Slow, Erupt Maryland's potent offense erupts in the second half, scoring three goals in a four-minute span, as the Terrapins defeat Hofstra, 4-0, in an NCAA soccer tournament second-round game Tuesday night.
Rockets Blast Back Bruce Gradkowski directs six second-half touchdown drives in Toledo's 49-41 victory Tuesday night over Bowling Green, putting the Rockets in the MAC title game.
UNC Stops Tennessee Rashad McCants scores 27 points and North Carolina rides a sharp first half to a 94-81 victory over Tennessee in the semifinals of the Maui Invitational.
NBA Brawler Ron Artest, Playing a Different Tune  Yesterday morning things seemed pretty dicey for the NBA's Ron Artest, as chatter about "the poster boy for bad behavior" and talk of federal lawsuits, possible criminal charges and suspension appeals fluttered about the airwaves. &lt;em&gt;D&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em&gt;rama&lt;/em&gt;, people. Then there was the little matter of the \$5 million -- \$5 million! -- in lost wages, the kind of thing that happens when you hand out beatdowns to fans,  and end up being told to sit your heinie down for the rest of the season and repent.
We're not so inEFFectual &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Just you try battling the pigopolists, mate
Microsoft sees bespoke Windows everywhere &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Premium hand-tuning service available
&lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers stick it to big tech &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; And just how long is a piece of string?
Google sued by nude photo website A California-based pornographer says it is suing  Google for providing illegal access to its website.
Police tackle internet crime For the first time outside London, Welsh businesses join workshops to speak to police about internet crime.
Queen unveils ID card scheme  Plans for a new compulsory ID card scheme are unveiled during the Queen's Speech.
Drivers 'ignoring mobile rules' Many drivers are ignoring the ban on using phones while driving, a survey suggests as tough new measures are expected.
Napalm joke gets advert banned An advert for a Vietnam War PlayStation 2 game is banned over a reference to napalm.
Global Chip Plant Use Falls as Slowdown Seen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The utilization rate of the world's chip  factories fell in July-September from the previous quarter, the  first decline in almost two years and the latest evidence of a  slowdown in the semiconductor sector.
Plasma TVs Lead Gadget Price Declines  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Falling prices in September for plasma  televisions and digital cameras sparked the biggest monthly  decline in U.S. consumer electronics prices in five months,  according to an industry study prepared for Reuters.
AMD: Chip Sales Rebound After U.S. Election  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Computer chip sales have  recovered from a "hiccup" caused by anxiety surrounding the  Nov. 2 U.S. presidential election, an Advanced Micro Devices  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; executive said on Tuesday.
Honda's Minimoto Maxii Tops Kids' Wish Lists-Yahoo  An electric miniature motorcycle called the Honda &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7267.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7267.T&lt;/A&gt;  Minimoto Maxii tops this year's holiday wish list, according to  Yahoo Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=YHOO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;YHOO.O&lt;/A&gt; Yahooligans Web site, which compiled  votes from more than 185,000 U.S. youngsters aged 7 to 12 and  released its annual list of Top 10 Toys late on Monday.
Viacom Settles Outstanding FCC Fines Broadcaster has agreed to pay a record \$3.5M to erase a number of proposed radio indecency fines, including one against the "Opie   Anthony Show" and another against shock jock Howard Stern.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
FDA to Issue Guidelines On Biotech Food Agency to publish draft guidelines that would encourage companies to submit voluntary safety evaluations of bioengineered crops that sometimes drift and cross-pollinate with nearby plants.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Hackers Use Web Sites, Ads to Infect PCs Hackers co-opted several popular Web sites including comedycentral.com over the weekend, using them to infect thousands of computers with a virus that can be used to steal passwords, bank accounts and other personal information. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Iran Rules Out Complete Nuclear Dismantling (Reuters) Reuters - Iran will never be prepared to\dismantle its nuclear program entirely but remains committed to\the non-proliferation treaty (NPT), its chief delegate to the\International Atomic Energy Agency said on Wednesday.
Thanks to iPod, Apple's Rolling in Gravy While saying grace over the holiday spread, Apple executives might toss in a "thank you" for an influential analyst whose rosy report on iPod's ability to spur sales helped drive the company's stock up to a four-year high. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
EU Judge in Microsoft Appeal Calls Meeting The judge deciding whether to suspend the European Union's antitrust order against software giant Microsoft Corp. has called a meeting for this week after two key backers of the EU's decision pulled out of the case, officials said Tuesday.
Ukraine Opposition Renews Street Protests Over Poll (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of demonstrators pressing to\install Ukraine's opposition leader as president after a\disputed election launched fresh street rallies in the capital\for the third day Wednesday.
Car Bombers Strike Near Green Zone, 7 Dead  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A double suicide car bomb attack  devastated a police station just outside Baghdad's fortified  Green Zone on Saturday, killing seven people and wounding 57 in  the latest strike against Iraq's beleaguered security forces.
JFK Internet Game Assailed Is this going too far? &lt;br&gt;JFK Reloaded, after all, is an online game that deals with the John F. Kennedy assassination and was made available yesterday -- the 41st anniversary of the president's death.
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Tuesday, Nov. 23, 2004, at least 1,229 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 957 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
Rejecting the Next Bill Gates As Condoleezza Rice enters the State Department, she will face a number of pressing foreign policy problems that she cannot solve. This will not be for lack of effort or intelligence on her part. It's just that many foreign policy crises involve the interests and activities of countries across the globe, and changing them takes time. And even then, whether it's Iran, North Korea or Darfur, there is no quick fix that Washington can impose. But there is a growing danger for the United States that needs urgent attention, that can be solved and that is almost entirely within Rice's power to handle. It's the foreign visa crisis. Left unattended, it is going to have deep and lasting effects on American security and competitiveness.
More Visas For Foreign Workers Congress is letting employers hire 20,000 more foreign high-tech workers under a special visa program after businesses reached the annual ceiling on the first day of the government's fiscal year.
Bill Aims to Protect Joint Patents Patents that result from collaboration between universities and companies won new protections from legal challenge under legislation that passed Congress over the weekend.
Thai official shot by accident, not assassination: PM (AFP) AFP - The most senior state official to be hurt in Thailand's restive south was accidentally shot and injured by one of his own guards, the Thai premier has said, discounting initial claims of an assassination attempt.
Viewing The Customer With Spite It makes no sense, but when a huge, faceless corporation rejects you, it still hurts.
Mtl experts knew about C. difficile outbreak but didn't tell province:report (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - City health officials knew about the deadly C. difficile outbreak at least five months before the provincial Health Department was informed, according to a broadcast report.
Bees survived dino extinction Tropical honeybees survived the devastating nuclear winter thought to have helped kill off the dinosaurs.
Tests Show No Mad Cow, Cattle Prices Rise  WASHINGTON/CHICAGO (Reuters) - An animal suspected of  having mad cow disease was given a clean bill of health in a  second round of sophisticated testing, the U.S. Agriculture  Department said on Tuesday after cattle prices soared in  expectation of the news.
Waterloo lessons could aid medics \The high survival rate among the injured at the battle of Waterloo could help inform modern medicine.
Prosecutor Blasts GOP for Shielding DeLay (AP) AP - A Texas prosecutor who is leading an investigation into possible illegal campaign spending lashed out at congressional Republicans on Tuesday for changing their rules in order to protect House Majority Leader Tom DeLay.
AIG Nears Settlements with Justice, SEC  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest insurer by market value, on  Tuesday said it reached preliminary accords to settle federal  criminal and regulatory probes into whether it helped two  companies fraudulently inflate earnings.
Oil Hits \$50 and Bounces Back Under \$49  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Tuesday but  retreated from an earlier break above \$50, as dealers awaited a  U.S. government report that is expected to show a small  increase in thin heating oil stocks ahead of winter.
N.C. Elections Board OKs Most Results (AP) AP - The state elections board certified nearly all results from the Nov. 2 election on Tuesday, but withheld approval of the outcome of two statewide races that are the subject of protests.
Cingular to Cut About 7,000 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cingular Wireless will cut about 7,000  jobs, or 10 percent of its work force, to cut costs as it  integrates recently purchased AT T Wireless, the company said  on Tuesday.
Diplomats Question Ukraine on Election (AP) AP - The United States urged the Ukrainian government on Tuesday not to certify pro-Russia Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych as winner of disputed presidential elections in the former Soviet republic because of suspected widespread fraud.
SEC, NASD Probe Gifts to Executives  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. market regulators are looking  into gifts of Super Bowl tickets, private jet rides, wine and  expensive golf outings by brokerage firms to mutual fund  executives, officials said on Tuesday.
Wash. GOP Gubernatorial Candidate Ahead (AP) AP - Republican Dino Rossi kept a razor-thin lead in the Washington governor's race as counties raced a Wednesday deadline for recounting 2.8 million ballots  #151; and girded for yet another possible recount.
Two States Accuse Aventis on Flu Vaccine  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The governors of Illinois and New  Mexico accused French drug maker Sanofi-Aventis &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SASY.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SASY.PA&lt;/A&gt; of  balking in providing data to U.S. regulators in the states'  attempts to secure flu vaccine in the midst of a national  shortage.
Holidays Looking Merry for Web Retailers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - It's shaping up to be a very  merry holiday season for online retailers.
Ban Yo-Yo Water Ball Toy, U.S. Group Says  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Water-filled yo-yo balls should be  banned in the United States, a public interest group said on  Tuesday as it issued its annual survey of hazardous toys before  the holiday season.
Iran Rules Out Complete Nuclear Dismantling  BEIJING (Reuters) - Iran will never be prepared to  dismantle its nuclear program entirely but remains committed to  the non-proliferation treaty (NPT), its chief delegate to the  International Atomic Energy Agency said on Wednesday.
Three U.N. Hostages Freed Unharmed in Afghanistan  KABUL (Reuters) - Three foreign U.N. workers held hostage  in Afghanistan were freed unharmed on Tuesday, almost four  weeks after their abduction at gunpoint on a Kabul street  raised fears of a wave of Iraq-style kidnappings.
Iraq Meeting Presses Baghdad to Seek Dialogue  SHARM EL-SHEIKH, Egypt (Reuters) - An international  conference on the political future of Iraq on Tuesday pressed  the interim Iraqi government to make sure as many people as  possible take part in Jan. 30 elections.
Court: Australian Suspect Was Al Qaeda 'Sleeper'  MELBOURNE, Australia (Reuters) - An Australian man was  refused bail Wednesday after a court heard he trained at an al  Qaeda camp in Afghanistan, saw its leader Osama bin Laden and  agreed to become a "sleeper" for the terror network.
Politicians Seek Debate on Blair's Iraq 'Misconduct'  LONDON (Reuters) - Parliamentarians will table a motion on  Wednesday demanding a debate on Prime Minister Tony Blair's  "gross misconduct" in leading Britain to war against Iraq.